The first country in the world to legitimize pornography was Denmark in 1967. That year, the country legalized pornographic literature. Subsequently, on July 1, 1969, Denmark became the first nation in the world to legalize pictorial and audiovisual pornography, which helped further promote the Golden Age of Porn (1969–1984) in modern American culture, and later, in many other countries throughout the world.
People in Denmark have had free access to such materials ever since. There still are a few regulations: for example, pornography must be placed out of the view of children, and may not be sold to persons under the age of 15. The public TV channel Kanal København broadcast hardcore pornography free and uncoded at night, in the early 2000s.
Prior to 2015, there were no specific restrictions against animal pornography, and such affairs came under animal cruelty laws. If no harm or pain was inflicted on the animal, such acts were not illegal. This changed in late April 2015, when Denmark passed a new law, making sex with animals illegal. The earlier lack of legislation had allegedly made Denmark a center for the production of animal pornography. This accusation, however, was dismissed as a myth by Det Dyreetiske Råd, a legal council, which, in November 2006, published an extensive report on the topic of animal sex.
Between 1969 and 1980, the Color Climax Corporation produced legal child pornography films. Since 1980, child pornography has been illegal in Denmark. It is illegal to distribute photographic or video pornography of persons under the age of 18, although the age of consent in Denmark is 15.
Further reading
Morten Thing: Pornografiens historie i Danmark (Aschehaug, 1999)
Berl Kutchinsky: Law, pornography, and crime: The Danish experience (Pax Forlag, 1999)
References
Society of Denmark
A transmitter station or transmission facility is an installation used for transmitting radio frequency signals for wireless communication, broadcasting, microwave link, mobile telephone or other purposes.
Choice of location
The location may be chosen to fit the coverage area and for VHF-UHF-applications line of sight considerations. For lower frequencies a location with good ground conductivity is required. In case of microwave link chains, stations should be in observable ranges of each other. (see Earth bulge) Computer programmes for the terrain profile and abacs are used in addition to on site observations. Avoidance of industrial noise is also taken into consideration. Another parameter may be the government regulations concerning public health requiring a minimum distance to human habitation. The distance depends on the power and the frequency of the transmitting signal. Low power stations may be in cities; higher power stations are always in rural areas. Most of the stations (especially high frequency stations) are located at high altitudes. So, both the minimum distance regulations and the line of sight criteria are met.
Buildings and antenna masts
Stations may be housed in several buildings or a single building. In some cases the station is nothing but a small container.
They all have masts or towers to install antenna systems. In most cases, the mast is a passive structure to support the antennas. But in low frequency stations (such as AM radio), the mast itself may be the active antenna element. In such cases, the mast is isolated from the ground.(See Monopole antenna). If the mast itself is an active antenna element, the ground can be covered by a mesh of wires or metal elements to create a reflecting ground. Most of the stations also have facility to receive microwave signals from a microwave link or a telecommunications satellite, (TVRO or RRO).
Most stations use mains electricity, but they also have standby generators or solar energy panels in case of failure.
If the voltage of the mains fluctuates, a high power voltage regulator may be used.
Grounding
Like all industrial sites, the buildings, the antenna masts, the generators, and the transmitting equipment of the stations should be grounded for personal safety against electrical shocks. On the masts and roofs, lightning rods should be used. For transmitter stations working on frequencies below 30 MHz a good grounding is required for good function and sometimes excessive grounding systems are used. In most cases, it is desirable to connect the rods to each other to form a simple Faraday cage. But in high altitude stations, the ground is usually rocky and finding an appropriate point for the grounding bus may be impossible. In such cases, very long grounding connectors may be used to find a good ground at lower altitudes.
Operation
Transmitters may be operated by government (civil or military) or private industry. Many stations are unattended and controlled by remote control equipment.
Where operating personnel are required, personnel work on shifts and transportation may also be a parameter of station design. In such cases, accommodation, catering and health problems also play a part in station management. Especially in high altitude stations, snowmobiles must be used during winter.
Transmitting equipment
Most AM radio transmitters are high-power equipment. Because of the relatively low frequency they use, they don't need to be located in high places. They may broadcast in LW (long wave), MW (medium wave) or SW (short wave). Since SW stations are assigned for very long distance communication (via reflections from atmospheric layers) they are usually employed for multi-language international services and there may be many SW transmitters in the same station.
TV and FM (frequency modulated ) radio transmitter stations as well as transposer stations are almost always built on top of hills. A single station may have many transmitters both for TV and FM. In rare cases, each transmitter has an antenna system. But in stations where many transmitters are used, this is not always possible, so the outputs of transmitters transmitting in the same frequency band are combined by a diplexer and applied to a single antenna system. (i.e. VHF 1, VHF 2, VHF 3, UHF). If two or more antenna systems have to be used, higher frequency antennas are mounted higher on the antenna mast. (The sequence of antenna systems on a typical TV-FM station may be from bottom to top; VHF-2, VHF-3 and UHF.)
Microwave stations are also high altitude stations. Although high altitude is desirable also in GSM, the operators may use low power intracity stations for areas of high population density.
References and notes
Radio technology
Broadcast engineering
Broadcast transmitters
Leopold Hojtasch (13 October 1887 – 1914) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1907.
References
External links
1887 births
1914 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The Peter Gano House is a historic three-story house in Avalon, California. It was built in 1888-1890 by Peter Gano, a civil engineer, and designed in the Queen Anne style, with a cupola. It was purchased by Joshua Reed Giddings in 1921, followed by John Smith in 1961. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since September 15, 1983.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Los Angeles County, California
Queen Anne architecture in California
Houses completed in 1890
1890 establishments in California
Margaret Grun Kibben (born 1960) is a U.S. Presbyterian minister who is the chaplain of the United States House of Representatives. She served as the 26th Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy from 2014 to 2018; she was formerly the 18th Chaplain of the United States Marine Corps (CHMC) and the Deputy Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy from 2010 to 2014. Kibben was the first woman to hold each of these positions.
Early life and education
A native of Warrington, Pennsylvania, Kibben entered active duty in the U.S. Navy in 1986. She earned a B.A. degree from Goucher College in Towson, Maryland in 1982. Kibben received both her Masters of Divinity (1986) and her Doctor of Ministry (2002) degrees from Princeton Theological Seminary, Princeton, New Jersey. She also earned an M.A. degree in National Security and Strategic Studies from the Naval War College in 1996. Kibben was a senior fellow at the United States Institute of Peace.
Military career
Kibben's Marine Corps assignments have included Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia, where she served with Headquarters and Service Battalion, Security Battalion, the Brig, Marine Corps Air Facility and the president's Helicopter Squadron, HMX-1. She also served with the Marines of Second Force Service Support Group Camp Lejeune, N.C., making deployments to both Turkey and Norway. Later she was assigned to the Marine Corps Combat Development Command in Quantico as the doctrine writer for Religious Ministry.
Kibben's Navy assignments include the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland as the first female chaplain. She was the Navy Chaplain Corps historian at the Chaplain Resource Board and the command chaplain, , in Norfolk, Virginia. As U.S. 3rd Fleet chaplain, Kibben was responsible for the training and certification of all carrier strike group and expeditionary strike group religious ministry teams. She completed a deployment as the command chaplain, Combined Forces Command Afghanistan as an individual augmentee.
Kibben was detailed to the Office of the Chief of Navy Chaplains, first serving as the director for Force Structure and Community Management and then as the executive assistant to the chief of Navy Chaplains.
Kibben was the 18th Chaplain of the United States Marine Corps (CHMC) and the Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy. She was the first woman to hold this office.
The Chief of Navy Chaplains is the Senior Chaplain in the Navy, the Head of the U.S. Navy Chaplain Corps, and the Director of Religious Ministry Support for the Department of the Navy. He or she advises the Secretary of the Navy, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, the Chief of Naval Operations, and the Commandant of the Coast Guard "on all matters pertaining to religion within the Navy, United States Marine Corps, and United States Coast Guard."
After retirement from the Navy, Kibben became a lecturer in Leadership and Ethics at the School of Engineering of the Catholic University of America.
Chaplain of the House of Representatives
On December 31, 2020, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi appointed Rear Adm. Margaret Grun Kibben as the next House chaplain, making her the first woman to serve as chaplain in either chamber of Congress. Her third day as House chaplain was marked by both the 2021 United States Electoral College vote count and the accompanying violent protests, during which she offered prayers upon the evacuation of House members.
Awards and decorations
Personal life
Kibben is the daughter of William Allen Grun (April 24, 1920 – March 25, 2019) and Jean Marie "Micki" (McFall) Grun (November 25, 1926 – June 19, 2009). She has one sister. Her father served in the Naval Reserve during World War II, retiring from service as a lieutenant commander.
Kibben is married to Timothy J. Kibben, a retired U.S. Marine Corps lieutenant colonel. The couple have a daughter.
See also
Armed Forces Chaplains Board
References
External links
U.S. House biography
|-
|-
|-
1960 births
Living people
People from Bucks County, Pennsylvania
Presbyterians from Pennsylvania
Goucher College alumni
Princeton Theological Seminary alumni
American Presbyterian ministers
Women Christian clergy
United States Navy chaplains
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
Chaplains of the United States Marine Corps
Female United States Marine Corps personnel
United States Navy personnel of the Gulf War
Naval War College alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Navy admirals
Female admirals of the United States Navy
Chiefs of Chaplains of the United States Navy
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
21st-century American clergy
21st-century American military personnel
Catholic University of America faculty
Chaplains of the United States House of Representatives
20th-century American women
American women academics
21st-century American women
Halvor Olaus Christensen (18 February 1800 – 10 June 1891) was a Norwegian politician.
Biography
He was born at Stavanger in Rogaland, Norway.
He was the son of Christian Christensen Kollerud and father of Thorvald Christian Christensen.
Christensen passed his legal exam in 1822. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1833, 1836, 1839, 1842, 1845, 1848, 1854, 1862, 1865, 1868 and 1871. He represented the constituency of Stavanger, which was renamed Stavanger og Haugesund on the last two occasions. He worked as a stipendiary magistrate (byfoged) and town clerk (byskriver) throughout the whole period, having been appointed in 1832, as well as chief of police only during the first six terms. During the 1848 term he was President of the Storting, together with Georg Prahl Harbitz, Hans Riddervold and Carl Valentin Falsen.
References
1800 births
1891 deaths
Politicians from Stavanger
19th-century Norwegian people
Presidents of the Storting
Members of the Storting
Norwegian jurists
J. C. Harper (born December 13, 1965) is an American football coach and former player. He served as head football coach at Stephen F. Austin State University (SFA) from 2007 to 2013, compiling a record of 37 wins and 45 losses.
Playing career
Harper played defensive tackle at Clemson University from 1985–88, while his father Tom Harper served as defensive coordinator. He was a member of three Atlantic Coast Conference championship teams and four bowl teams. Clemson also finished in the final top 20 of the AP poll in 1986, 1987 and 1988.
Coaching career
Harper was promoted to head coach of the Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks from his position as defensive coordinator in December 2006. He was the third head coach in four seasons. Starting from scratch, Harper led the Lumberjacks to a Southland Conference (SLC) championship in just his third season and then repeated as SLC champions in his fourth season. It was the first back-to-back championships in school history.
2009 season
The 2009 season saw the program's first conference title in ten years (where they shared the conference title with McNeese State), a berth in the NCAA FCS playoffs and a top-10 national ranking. It was the second-biggest single-season turnaround at the NCAA FCS level, and the fourth-best turnaround at the NCAA Division I level.
Following the 2009 campaign Harper was recognized for his efforts being named the SLC Coach of the Year, and finishing second by only two points for the Eddie Robinson National Coach of the Year award.
It was the first time in ten years a Lumberjack squad had earned the SLC Championship trophy, and it was the program's first trip to the FCS playoffs since the 1995 season. Harper led SFA to double-digit wins for only the fourth time in school history, and the first time since its playoff run during the 1995 campaign. Throughout the course of the record-setting 2009 campaign, the Lumberjacks recorded victories over three nationally ranked opponents, including two ranked among the nation's top 10.
The 2009 campaign saw 20 Lumberjacks named to the All-SLC teams, including five first-team selections. Along with the all-conference team's quarterback Jeremy Moses was named SLC Player of the Year, defensive end Tim Knicky was named defensive player of the year and corner back Andre Banks received league newcomer of the year honors. The accolades didn't stop at the conference level. Twelve Lumberjacks earned All-America recognition, including five first-team selections.
2010 season
The Lumberjacks posted a 9–3 (.750) overall record and won their second-straight Southland Conference title in 2010. It marked the first time in conference history that SFA has won back-to-back conference titles. The 'Jacks recorded their second-straight top-10 national ranking, and advanced to the NCAA FCS playoffs for a second consecutive season where they hosted Villanova. It was also the second-straight year that SFA led the nation in passing.
The Lumberjacks dominated the All-SLC teams, placing a league-best 21 players on the all-conference squad, including nine first-team selections. Among the nine first-teams selections five earned All-America honors. Following the season SLC Player of the Year Jeremy Moses was named the 2010 Walter Payton Award winner, becoming the first player in school and conference history to receive the player of the year award, which came on the heels of a season that saw him become the conference's all-time leading quarterback and set a new NCAA FCS record for completions.
Linebacker Jabara Williams became the second Lumberjack in the past three years to be drafted when he was selected by the St. Louis Rams in the seventh round of the 2011 NFL Draft. It marked the third consecutive season that SFA has had a player either be drafted or sign a contract with an NFL franchise.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Stephen F. Austin profile
1965 births
Living people
American football defensive tackles
Clemson Tigers football players
McNeese State Cowboys football coaches
Missouri State Bears football coaches
North Carolina Tar Heels football coaches
Northwestern State Demons football coaches
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football coaches
Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks football coaches
Western Michigan Broncos football coaches
Viktors Ņesterenko (born 3 May 1954) is a Latvian football coach and former player.
Career
Playing career
Ņesterenko was born in Ukraine and played football there with the reserves of FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk. In 1971 Ņesterenko was invited to move to Riga, Latvia, for studies. In 1971, Ņesterenko joined Elektrons Rīga and played for the youth squad of Daugava Rīga. He spent the entire 1972 season in the Latvian league with Elektrons, but in 1973 when Daugava Rīga was in a desperate need for a scoring forward, Ņesterenko was offered a position with Daugava. In the first season, he made 5 appearances and scored 5 goals. His best season with Daugava was in 1975 when the club qualified for the first Soviet league, but in 1976 Ņesterenko was injured for a big part of the season. Ņesterenko tried to secure a position in Kolos Nikopol but that didn't bring him much success. In 1978 and 1979 he played with Zvejnieks Liepāja, and for half a season he played with Spartak Kostroma.
Ņesterenko tried to return to Daugava Rīga more than once, but the club's head coach didn't believe that Ņesterenko could still be of any use to the club, so Ņesterenko settled with Celtnieks Rīga where he soon switched from playing to coaching.
Coaching career
With Ņesterenko as a playing coach, Celtnieks Rīga won the Latvian Cup three times in a row - from 1984 to 1986. The team also secured two second-place finishes in the Latvian league.
In 1988, Ņesterenko was offered a coaching position with the second team of RAF Jelgava (the first team played in the second Soviet division, the second team in the Latvian league). RAF won the Latvian league both seasons which Ņesterenko spent with the club. After the 1989 season the two RAF clubs merged and Ņesterenko became the head coach of a club playing in the lowest division of Soviet football. The club had many young talented players, including future Latvia national football team players Vladimirs Babičevs, Igors Troickis and Dzintars Sproģis. In his second season with RAF, Ņesterenko's coaching fell one extra point short of earning the club a promotion to a higher division, but the collapse of the Soviet Union ended that dream. Ņesterenko left RAF in the middle of the 1992 Virslīga season; the club went lost the gold medals to Skonto FC in an extra game.
Ņesterenko signed a 1+1 year deal with Prykarpattya Ivano-Frankivsk which had been just relegated to the Ukrainian Premier League and was hoping to return there after one season. Under his management, the club finished 4th in out of 22 teams, which wasn't enough for Ņesterenko to keep his job with the club.
In 1994 Ņesterenko took up with his next club - DAG Rīga (former VEF). DAG had a good squad which included Andrejs Piedels, Vits Rimkus, Artūrs Zakreševskis and Dzintars Sproģis. In the Latvian league the club finished 3rd that year and reached the Latvian Cup final. After the season the club experienced financial difficulties, merged with Baltika Liepāja and relocated to Liepāja. Almost all the players had left DAG, the club had no financial support the first half of the season, and the only money came in from the transfer of Dzintars Sproģis to Spartak Moscow. The season was disappointing (especially the first half), however the club again reached the cup final. That season, DAG had young players like Viktors Dobrecovs and veterans such as Jānis Intenbergs and Ainārs Linards. After the season Ņesterenko was asked to leave Liepāja.
In 1996 Ņesterenko returned to RAF which had relocated from Jelgava to Riga. The season in Virslīga wasn't especially successful, but Ņesterenko and his club earned his first trophy in independent Latvia - RAF won the Latvian Cup by beating Skonto FC in overtime in a thrilling match. For the 1997 season, the club was renamed to Universitāte Rīga, but the change did not help - it finished sixth in the Latvian league, and after the season the club dissolved leaving Ņesterenko without a club again. In 1997 Ņesterenko was a candidate for head coach position with the newly founded FK Ventspils but Sergei Borovski from Belarus was chosen instead.
After a brief stint of consulting work with Ranto/Miks, Ņesterenko signed for the 1998 season with Dinaburg FC, the bronze medalists and cup finalists of 1997. His first season Ņesterenko was less successful - fourth place in the league and a cup exit in the quarter-finals. Ņesterenko left Dinaburg in the middle of the season and was replaced by Roman Hryhorchuk whom Ņesterenko had coached as a player in Ivano-Frankivsk.
The next stage in Ņesterenko's career was FK Rīga for which he was an assistant coach under Jānis Gilis and later under Georgijs Gusarenko. In 2001, Ņesterenko was appointed head coach. His work with Rīga didn't bring great results - the club was stuck in mid table and lacked direction, and Ņesterenko had to leave the club after the 2003 season.
In 2004, he took up work with Dinamo Brest in Belarus but as the team failed to impress he was fired rather speedily.
His last club to date was FK Venta Ventspils, which went bankrupt in 2005. Ņesterenko started as a scouting coach, but when the club finances worsened took up the position of head coach.
In his work as club manager Ņesterenko has worked with Aleksandrs Dorofejevs in many clubs.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
People from Nikopol, Ukraine
Ukrainian emigrants to Latvia
Soviet footballers
Daugava Rīga players
FK Liepājas Metalurgs players
FC Elektrometalurh-NZF Nikopol players
Soviet football managers
Latvian football managers
Expatriate football managers in Ukraine
Latvian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Expatriate football managers in Belarus
Expatriate football managers in Russia
Expatriate football managers in Estonia
FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk managers
FK Liepājas Metalurgs managers
Dinaburg FC managers
FC Dynamo Brest managers
Association football forwards
Boone County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2010, the population was 56,640. The county seat (and the county's only incorporated city) is Lebanon. Indiana's center of population is located in eastern Boone County, just northwest of the town of Sheridan in neighboring Hamilton County.
History
In 1787, the fledgling United States defined the Northwest Territory, which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the territory's first governor, and Vincennes was established as the territorial capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography. By December 1816 the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state.
Starting in 1794, Native American titles to Indiana lands were extinguished by usurpation, purchase, or war and treaty. The United States acquired land from the Native Americans in the 1809 treaty of Fort Wayne, and by the treaty of St. Mary's in 1818 considerably more territory became property of the government. This included the future Boone County, designating areas covered by the Delaware New Purchase.
Boone County was created by the state legislature on 1 April 1830, with Jamestown (which had been first settled that year) named as the initial county seat. The county was named for frontiersman Daniel Boone. The interim county commissioners met on 1 May of the following year to identify a permanent seat of government, which by law had to be within of the county's center; the [future] city of Lebanon was selected to serve this purpose.
Geography
Boone County lies near the center of the state. It is 24 miles (38.6 km) from east to west and 17.5 miles (28.2 km) from north to south. It contains about 418.5 square miles (108,500 hectares), two-thirds of which is in cultivation. Its central position, excellent soil, and available water power have been in its favor. The highest point of the county (984 feet/300 meters ASL) is a small hill two miles (3.2 km) northeast of Lebanon.
The upper part of the county is drained by Sugar Creek, flowing westward into Montgomery County; the southwest part of the county is drained by Big Raccoon Creek, also flowing west-southwestward into Montgomery. The southeast part of the county is drained by Eagle Creek and its tributaries, flowing southward into Marion County.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Clinton County − north
Hamilton County − east
Marion County − southeast
Hendricks County − south
Montgomery County − west
Cities
Lebanon - county seat
Towns
Advance
Jamestown
Thorntown
Ulen
Whitestown
Zionsville
Unincorporated communities
Big Springs
Brendan Wood
Dale
Dover
Eagle Village
Eaglewood Estates
Elizaville
Fayette
Fox Hollow
Gadsden
Hazel College
Hazelrigg
Herr
Max
Mechanicsburg
Milledgeville
New Brunswick
Northfield
Northfield Village
Pike
Rosston
Royalton
Russell Lake
Shannondale (partial)
Shepherd
Stringtown
Terhune
The Woodlands
Ward
Waugh
Townships
Major highways
Interstate 65
Interstate 74
Interstate 465
Interstate 865
U.S. Route 52
U.S. Route 136
U.S. Route 421
Indiana State Road 32
Indiana State Road 38
Indiana State Road 39
Indiana State Road 47
Indiana State Road 75
Indiana State Road 234
Indiana State Road 267
Airport
KTYQ - Indianapolis Executive Airport
Railroads
CSX Transportation
Education
Public schools in Boone County are administered by the Lebanon Community School Corporation, Western Boone County Community School District, Zionsville Community Schools, and Sheridan Community Schools.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Lebanon have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in July.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county's government; controls and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. They are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare a party affiliation and to be residents of the county.
Boone County is part of Indiana's 4th and 5th congressional districts, Indiana Senate districts 21 and 23, and Indiana House of Representatives districts 28, 38 and 87.
Prior to 1940, Boone County was a Democratic-leaning swing county in presidential elections, backing the national winner in every election from 1912 to 1936. From 1940 on, it has become a Republican stronghold, with no Democratic presidential candidate since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 even managing to win forty percent of the county's votes.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 56,640 people, 21,149 households, and 15,509 families in the county. The population density was . There were 22,754 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.3% white, 1.7% Asian, 0.9% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.9% were German, 19.3% were English, 14.1% were Irish, and 9.0% were American.
Of the 21,149 households, 38.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.1% were married couples living together, 8.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 26.7% were non-families, and 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.12. The median age was 38.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $81,401. Males had a median income of $57,251 versus $41,309 for females. The per capita income for the county was $38,696. About 6.1% of families and 7.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.6% of those under age 18 and 5.6% of those age 65 or over.
See also
List of public art in Boone County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Boone County, Indiana
References
Bibliography
External links
Boone County Community Network
Lebanon Community School Corporation
Western Boone County Community School Dist
Zionsville Community Schools
Boone County Government
Indiana counties
1830 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1830
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Colonel Effingham's Raid (UK title: Man of the Hour) is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Irving Pichel. It is also known as Berry Fleming's Colonel Effingham's Raid, Everything's Peaches Down in Georgia and Rebel Yell. The screenplay was written by Kathryn Scola, based on a 1943 novel by Berry Fleming. The music score is by Cyril J. Mockridge. The film stars Charles Coburn, Joan Bennett and William Eythe. The plot involves a retired career Army colonel who returns to his hometown, starts writing a column in a local newspaper and takes on the corrupt local politicians to not replace the historic county courthouse.
Fleming based his novel on the Cracker Party and political corruption in Richmond County, Georgia.
Plot
Newly retired United States Army Colonel William Seaborn Effingham (Charles Coburn) returns to his home town of Fredericksville, Georgia, in 1940. He meets his second cousin, once removed, Albert Marbury (William Eythe), a reporter for the Leader newspaper.
The next day, Confederate Memorial Day, Mayor Bill Silk (Thurston Hall) announces he intends to rename the town Confederate Monument Square after an undistinguished deceased politician named Pud Toolen. Effingham persuades a reluctant Earl Hoats (Allyn Joslyn), the editor of the Leader, to let him write a war column (for free). Effingham soon attacks the mayor's plan in his column, much to Hoats' dismay. The rival News is getting most of the advertising revenue due to its friendly attitude toward the complacent local government, and Hoats had been trying to combat that.
Silk decides to use Effingham, agreeing to the latter's beautification scheme for the square, but also deciding to tear down the old courthouse (and giving his brother-in-law Bill the contract to erect the new one). When Effingham learns about the plan, he fights for the courthouse's restoration. He brings in expert Major Hickock to evaluate the condition of the building.
The mayor responds by calling a town meeting, hoping that no one will show up. But Effingham alerts residents about the meeting in his column, and many townsfolk attend. The mayor claims the town will get 1/3 of the cost paid for by the Works Progress Administration if a new courthouse is built, but nothing for repairs. When uncomfortable questions are still asked, the mayor hastily adjourns the meeting. Effingham checks out the claims, and finds out that none of what the mayor said is true. Silk, however, refuses to call a second meeting.
Despite the lack of support from the newspaper's staff, with the sole exception of Ella Sue Dozier, Effingham is undeterred. He talks to the key townspeople, but they refuse to help him, and his spirit is finally broken.
Cousin Albert, who has enlisted in the National Guard (in an effort to impress Ella Sue), realizes that Effingham is right. When the local Guard unit is called up by the federal government, the mayor starts to make an empty speech, but the crowd is hostile. Albert lashes out, demanding that the courthouse be repaired and the square left alone. With the townsfolk solidly behind him, he forces the mayor to give in to his demands, and Effingham's old friends admit he was right after all.
Cast
Charles Coburn as Col. Will Seaborn Effingham
Joan Bennett as Ella Sue Dozier
William Eythe as Albert 'Al' Marbury
Allyn Joslyn as Earl Hoats
Elizabeth Patterson as Cousin Emma
Donald Meek as Doc Buden
Frank Craven as Dewey
Thurston Hall as Ed, the Mayor
Cora Witherspoon as Mrs. Clara Meigs
Emory Parnell as Joe Alsobrook
Henry Armetta as Jimmy Economy
Stephen Dunne as Prof. Edward 'Ed' Bland
Roy Roberts as Army Capt. Rampey
Notes
External links
1946 films
1946 comedy films
American black-and-white films
Films about journalists
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Irving Pichel
Films scored by Cyril J. Mockridge
Films set in 1940
Films set in Georgia (U.S. state)
20th Century Fox films
Articles containing video clips
American comedy films
Films with screenplays by Kathryn Scola
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
WLAD (800 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Danbury, Connecticut. It broadcasts a talk format. WLAD is owned by Berkshire Broadcasting. The studios and offices are located on Mill Plain Road in Danbury and the transmitter is off Brushy Hill Road, also in Danbury.
WLAD operates at 1,000 watts using a non-directional antenna; but because 800 AM is a clear channel frequency reserved for Mexico, WLAD must reduce power at night to 286 watts. In early 2017, WLAD began simulcasting on an FM translator, W231DJ at 94.1 MHz.
History
On June 17, 1947, the Berkshire Broadcasting Corporation received a construction permit to build a new radio station in Danbury. It was the second attempt by the company to secure a radio station; it had lost out on an application for 1490 kHz when the FCC assigned it to a group from Torrington. WLAD first signed on the air on October 5, 1947. At first, the station broadcast with only 250 watts of power as a daytime-only station. One of the founding members of the company, John Previdi, later served as mayor of Danbury. It was approved to increase its power to 1,000 watts by day in 1965, but it took until the 1980s for it to get nighttime authorization. Its first day as a 24-hour AM station was August 25, 1986. In 1953, the station signed on an FM sister station, 98.3 WLAD-FM, which is today WDAQ.
WLAD's studios and offices were located at the Hotel Green building (renamed Ives Manor in 1975) within the Main Street Historic District in downtown Danbury from 1962 until July 2012. After moving, WLAD upgraded their equipment from analog to digital.
Harold "Hal" Brundage's local 15-minute Yankee Farmer show was aired daily in the late 1940s. In 1948, WLAD ran 10 weeks of Talent Scout Shows, a series of contests that culminated in awards being given to the best performer.
Virginia Cassidy hosted her daily local talk show The Virginia Wren Show from the 1950s through 1978. On the show, she interviewed many celebrities including actor Van Johnson, pianist Victor Borge and, in 1955, singer Marian Anderson. She also discussed books and local events on the show and had segments where she sang and played the piano. Cassidy hosted programs from the Danbury Fair every October. During the 1980s, she had a new Sunday show on which she interviewed writers of novels and plays, among other people.
Victor Gilbert also hosted a celebrity interview show on WLAD, Sunday at Stonehenge, as of 1959-1962 with interviewees including the actresses Ruth Chatterton and Judy Garland.
Abraham "Abe" Najamy worked as a news presenter and sports game announcer at the station from the 1950s through the 1970s. These included Danbury High School basketball games. He co-hosted many of the news and sports shows with Paul Baker, who was at the station from 1947 until 1977, but whose Saturday Sports Spotlight program became the longest-running sports show in the United States until it ended in 1987. Najamy also hosted the station's Personality Profiles interview show.
The Polish Eagles Radio Show, a weekly program of Polish language and Polish instrumental music, including polka, aired on Sundays on WLAD during the 1950s well into the 1990s. It was hosted by Connecticut bandleader Victor Zembruski (1912–1976) until he had a debilitating stroke in 1968, then taken over by his wife Sofie Zembruski (1918-2010).
The Lebanon Hour, hosted by Kamil Saffi, began its four decades of weekly shows on WLAD in 1951 filled with entertainment and information tailored to the local residents of Lebanese descent.
James Rasmussen presented 30-minute country and western music shows on Saturday afternoons as of 1962.
For much of its history, WLAD broadcast a full service middle of the road music format, playing compact discs, tape cartridges, and vinyl records. It continued to do so into the 1990s and was still seeing ratings success. But in the late 1990s, WLAD shifted to its current format of full-time talk radio on weekdays.
Disc jockeys during WLAD's contemporary music era from the 1970s to the 1990s included Mike Piazza, Dan Stevens, Pete Summers, and Dave Rinelli. Some oldies music was added by 1989. Jay Fink joined WLAD in December 1988 and became the disc jockey for the Boomer Oldies Show featuring music of the 1950s through early 1970s. George Repko, who began working at WLAD in 1965, acquired the moniker "Big George" and as of 1995 served as the disc jockey of an oldie show on WLAD on Saturday mornings.
The local call-in talk show Dialogue 80 was hosted by Rhoda Daum from 1978-1988 and taken over by Summers in 1989. Summers left the station in December 2005 after 20 years on the job; Danbury's mayor at the time, Mark Boughton, dubbed Summers "the voice of Danbury". The replacement for Summers' morning show, the radio veteran and comedian Larry Caringer, began his stint in January 2006 and ended it in 2008. Rinelli, who joined WLAD in 1986, started his long-time morning talk show on May 5, 2008.
As of 1990-1991, Thom Foulks' nationally syndicated show Computing Success! was aired every Sunday on WLAD.
Dr. Dean Edell's nationally syndicated medical talk show was carried as of 2001.
For five years in the 1990s, WLAD broadcast baseball games featuring the Boston Red Sox; it switched to New York Yankees games in 1997, citing higher fan interest. They later switched back to Red Sox games. As of 2017, New York Mets games were broadcast instead. The station also broadcast Hartford Whalers hockey games, New England Patriots football games, and UConn Huskies basketball games.
Melvin "Mel" Goldstein preceded Gary Lessor as the station's weathercaster from the mid-1970s through January 13, 2012. However, Lessor also did some weather broadcasts on WLAD prior to 2012.
From 1998 until February 26, 2021, WLAD aired Rush Limbaugh's nationally syndicated talk show in the time slot from noon to 3 p.m., but due to Limbaugh's death, the station replaced it with the Markley, Van Camp and Robbins Show starting on March 1, 2021. The latter show had been aired from 6 to 8 p.m. since April 2020.
WLAD began airing the nationally syndicated Glenn Beck Radio Program in 2008 but dropped it in 2012 in favor of Brian Kilmeade's show. Laura Schlessinger's syndicated talk show aired on WLAD until 2010. WLAD has also carried Lars Larson's syndicated talk show.
In the late 2010s and early 2020s, programming on Saturdays and Sundays largely consisted of oldies music shows, including American Top 40 hosted by Casey Kasem and many others, but the station dropped all of them by March 2022 in favor of talk shows about politics and news, a home improvement show, a legal advice show, and a gun talk show.
Current programming
WLAD airs a local morning news and information show on weekdays, hosted by Dave Rinelli and Bart Busterna, with newscaster Jillian Mauro and weathercaster Gary Lessor. They are followed by nationally syndicated talk shows the rest of the day, including Brian Kilmeade, Markley, Van Camp & Robbins, Todd Schnitt, Joe Pags, Dave Ramsey, Jim Bohannon, Red Eye Radio, and America in The Morning. WLAD also broadcasts New York Giants football games.
The entertainment show Hollywood 360 hosted by Carl Amari is aired on Sunday mornings.
Sunday morning's informational programs include This Morning: America's First News and Motley Fool Money.
Translator
References
External links
Radio Station Moves off Main Street
LAD
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1947
Fairfield County, Connecticut
1947 establishments in Connecticut
Hywel Williams (born 1953) is a Welsh Plaid Cymru politician serving as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Arfon, previously Caernarfon, since 2001.
Early life
Williams was born in Pwllheli in 1953, and received his education at Ysgol Troed yr Allt, Pwllheli Grammar School and then Ysgol Glan y Môr.
He studied Psychology at the University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire (now Cardiff University) before qualifying as a social worker at University College of North Wales (now Bangor University) in 1977/78. He was a mental health social worker in the Dwyfor area before joining the Centre for Social Work Practice at the University of Wales, Bangor in 1985.
He was a project worker at the centre, specialising in developing practice through the medium of Welsh, developing a host of short courses available in Welsh for the first time, as well as producing and editing numerous books and training packages with his colleagues, including the first ever social work vocabulary in Welsh. He was appointed Head of the Centre in 1993.
In 1995, Williams left to work as a freelance lecturer, consultant and writer in the fields of social policy, social work, and social care, working primarily through the medium of Welsh. For the next six years, he worked for a variety of universities and colleges in Wales and abroad, as well as working for public bodies, charities, private companies and local and central government, including spending time as an adviser to the House of Commons Welsh Affairs Committee.
He has been a member of numerous professional bodies in relation to social work and training, and was also spokesman for the Child Poverty Action Group in Wales.
Political career
Williams was elected to represent the Caernarfon constituency in the 2001 general election, following Dafydd Wigley's retirement, and again in 2005, with a significantly increased majority. In 2010, he won the new Arfon seat, which, following boundary changes, was at that time considered a Labour seat in Westminster terms. He was re-elected as Plaid Cymru MP for the Arfon constituency in May 2015 with an increased majority. He was a member of the Welsh Affairs Select Committee between 2004 and 2010 and joined the Science and Technology Select Committee and the House Works of Art Committee in 2012.
In 2005 he joined the Panel of Chairs. This role involves chairing backbench debates, standing committees on legislation, committees on secondary legislation and from time to time, meetings of the whole House as a Committee in the main chamber.
His parliamentary responsibilities within Plaid Cymru are work and pensions, defence, international development and culture.
Williams' majority was cut to just 92 votes at the 2017 election, with Labour's Mary Clarke coming close to unseating him. In March 2019, he voted for an amendment tabled by members of The Independent Group calling for a second public vote on EU membership.
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Alumni of Cardiff University
Plaid Cymru MPs
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
People educated at Ysgol Glan y Môr
Welsh-speaking politicians
Members of Parliament for Caernarfon
UK MPs 2019–present
Marek Havlík (born 8 July 1995) is a professional Czech football midfielder currently playing for 1. FC Slovácko.
Career statistics
International
References
Czech footballers
1995 births
Living people
Czech First League players
1. FC Slovácko players
Association football midfielders
Czech Republic international footballers
Czech Republic under-21 international footballers
Czech Republic youth international footballers
Chez Piggy is a restaurant in downtown Kingston, Ontario.
History
Chez Piggy was opened in 1979 by Zal Yanovsky of the 1960s pop group The Lovin' Spoonful and his partner Rose Richardson, who were both avid travellers who enjoyed good food and wanted to create a restaurant reflecting those traits. The restaurant is located in a formerly abandoned limestone horse stable that was built in 1806. Now a popular culinary tourist attraction, the restaurant is recognized as a local landmark. Zoe Yanovsky took over as operating owner of both Chez Piggy and Pan Chancho when her father died in 2002.
The current Member of Provincial Parliament for Kingston and the Islands, Ian Arthur, served as the executive chef at Chez Piggy until his election to the provincial legislature in 2018.
Awards
In 2015 it was named Kingston's best-known restaurant by the National Post. In 2016, it received the Ontario Hostelry Institute (OHI) Gold Award.
References
Restaurants in Ontario
Companies based in Kingston, Ontario
Restaurants established in 1979
Andrew Richter is a Canadian political scientist who is an assistant professor in the department of political science at the University of Windsor in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.
Education
Richter obtained his Ph.D. from York University in 1998, and between 1998 and 2001 was a post-doctoral fellow at the Institute of International Relations at the University of British Columbia.
Biography
His primary areas of research are Canadian foreign and defense policy, nuclear proliferation and the impact of advanced technology on the use of force. He teaches and lectures widely in the field of strategic studies.
In 2002, he published Avoiding Armageddon: Canadian Military Strategy and Nuclear Weapons, 1950-1963. He has also published in a wide array of journals, including International Journal, Comparative Strategy and Naval War College Review.
Awards
In fall 2007, Richter received the Fulbright Visiting Research Chair in Canada-U.S. Relations at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars Washington, DC. He has also received the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC) Research Grant, 2006–2009.
Publications
"Forty Years of Neglect, Indifference, and Apathy: The Relentless Decline of Canada's Armed Forces", in Handbook of Canadian Foreign Policy, edited by Patrick James, Nelson Michaud, and Mark O'Reilly, Toronto: Lexington Books, 2006.
"Towards a More Strategic Future? An Examination of the Canadian Government's Recent Defence Policy Statements", Canadian Military Journal, vol. 7, no. 1 (Spring 2006).
"From Trusted Ally to Suspicious Neighbour: Canada-US Relations in a Changing Global Environment", The American Review of Canadian Studies, vol. 35, no. 3 (Autumn 2005).
"A Question of Defence: How American Allies are Responding to the US Missile Defence Program", Comparative Strategy, vol. 23, no. 2 (April–June 2004).
"Alongside the Best? The Future of the Canadian Forces", Naval War College Review, vol. 56, no. 1 (Winter 2003).
Avoiding Armageddon: Canadian Military Strategy and Nuclear Weapons, 1950-1963, Vancouver: UBC Press and Michigan State University Press, 2002.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian political scientists
University of Windsor faculty
York University alumni
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc. was one of a series of lawsuits between technology companies Motorola Mobility and Apple Inc. In the year before Apple and Samsung began suing each other on most continents, and while Apple and High Tech Computer Corp. (HTC) were already embroiled in a patent fight, Motorola Mobility and Apple started a period of intense patent litigation. The Motorola-Apple patent imbroglio commenced with claims and cross-claims between the companies for patent infringement, and encompassed multiple venues in multiple countries as each party sought friendly forums for litigating its respective claims; the fight also included administrative law rulings as well as United States International Trade Commission (ITC) and European Commission involvement. In April 2012, the controversy centered on whether a FRAND license to a components manufacturer carries over to an equipment manufacturer incorporating the component into equipment, an issue not addressed in the Supreme Court's default analysis using the exhaustion doctrine in Quanta v. LG Electronics. In June 2012, appellate judge Richard Posner dismissed the U.S. case with prejudice and the parties appealed the decision a month later.
Motorola Mobility's suits
In early October 2010, Motorola Mobility filed a complaint with the ITC against Apple alleging patent infringement. The complaint allegations concerned six Motorola patents, and sought remedies of a court-ordered bar on U.S. imports of infringing products, and an injunction prohibiting Apple from importing, marketing and distributing infringing products. The ITC instituted its investigation a month later and Motorola subsequently dropped its patent claims with respect to two of the six patents at issue.
Motorola also filed two complaints for patent infringement against Apple in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois (Illinois Complaints), and another complaint for patent infringement against Apple in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida (Florida Complaint). Both complaints alleged Apple infringed 18 Motorola patents. In November 2010, Motorola voluntarily dismissed the Illinois Complaints, (asserted as counterclaims in the actions brought by Apple on October 29, 2010 in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin). Later that November, Apple also filed counterclaims in the Southern District of Florida, alleging Motorola infringed six Apple patents in manufacturing and selling mobile devices, set-top boxes and digital video recorders.
Additionally, in October 2010, Motorola filed a complaint for a declaratory judgment against Apple and NeXT Software, Inc. in the U.S. District Court in Delaware, seeking a ruling that Motorola did not infringe any claim of twelve patents owned by Apple and NeXT. In response, in early December 2010, Apple asserted these twelve patents against Motorola, Inc. and Motorola Mobility, Inc. in the Western District of Wisconsin and moved for a change of venue from Delaware to Wisconsin. Ultimately, both parties' patent assertions were subsequently transferred to the Northern District of Illinois.
This led the way for Apple to take charge over Motorola, Samsung, LG, and many other cellular communications companies.
Apple's counter-suits
In late October 2010, Apple filed two complaints in the Western District of Wisconsin for patent infringement against Motorola, Inc. and Motorola Mobility, Inc. The complaints alleged Motorola infringed six patents and sought money damages and an injunction. In early November 2010, Motorola filed counterclaims against Apple alleging Apple infringed twelve Motorola patents which Motorola originally asserted in the Northern District of Illinois. The Western District of Wisconsin transferred the actions to the Northern District of Illinois and trial was scheduled for June 2012 on six Apple patents and three Motorola Mobility patents.
Also in late October 2010, Apple filed a complaint with the ITC for patent infringement against Motorola, Inc. and Motorola Mobility, Inc. Apple's complaint alleged Motorola infringed three Apple patents with Motorola's mobile devices offered in the U.S.. Apple's complaint sought a court order barring imports of those devices and sought an injunction prohibiting Motorola from engaging in further activities related to the same mobile devices. The ITC began investigation in late November 2010; in mid-January 2012, the Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) found no violation by Motorola for the three asserted Apple patents; Apple filed a petition to review the ALJ's findings but the ALJ ultimately ruled for Motorola and against Apple in mid-March 2012.
In mid-March 2011, Apple filed counterclaims against Motorola in the ITC proceeding (which was subsequently removed to the Western District of Wisconsin court), and instituted a new action in the Western District of Wisconsin, Apple Inc. v. Motorola Mobility, Inc., alleging that Motorola breached standards commitments (see Context, below), with counterclaims including equitable estoppel, waiver, breach of contract, violation of Section 2 of the Sherman Antitrust Act, unfair competition and interference with contract. Apple sought declaratory judgments that Motorola's license terms involving standards-essential patents were unreasonable and discriminatory, that Motorola was not entitled to injunctive relief, and that Motorola committed patent misuse.
This led the way for Motorola to take over Apple in the military industry, because they were hired to work for the US government.
Context
Components manufacturers and major patent holders such as Motorola and Samsung commit to licensing their standards essential patents to other industry participants through their participation in standard-setting organizations (SSOs), while other industry participants negotiate licenses to use those patents, including manufactures and sellers of smartphones and tablets. North American technology companies' treatment in the marketplace of their respective products and mobile operating systems (OSs) spans the spectrum from completely proprietary systems to open-source license systems: Apple and RIM manufacture and sell products that run on only their respective proprietary mobile OSs; Microsoft licenses its proprietary mobile OSs, (Windows Phone and Windows Mobile), to non-affiliated wireless handset original equipment manufacturers (OEMs); and Google sponsors Android, an open-source mobile OS it distributes free to OEMs. All these OSs provide platforms for software application developers as well as for a variety of products and services offered by competing product manufacturers. Such products in turn rely on, and their patent holders commit to, SSOs' rules for both standards essential patents disclosure and reasonable and non-discriminatory licensing (FRAND) grants for compatibility and interoperability of devices.
This led the way for Apple to take charge over Motorola, Samsung, LG, and other cellular communications companies.
Further developments
In March and April 2011, Motorola filed patent infringement complaints in the court in Mannheim, Germany, alleging that Apple Retail Germany GmbH, Apple Sales International, and Apple Inc. infringed three of Motorola Mobility's patents, two of which are standards-essential patents. In December 2011 and February 2012, the court in Mannheim, Germany found that Apple products infringed two of the three Motorola Mobility patents, one standards-essential and one non-essential, and granted injunctions.
Between May and December 2011, Apple filed patent infringement suits in Munich, Düsseldorf and Mannheim, Germany alleging that Motorola infringed Apple's utility and design patents. Apple asserted the design patents against Motorola's tablet products. In mid-February 2012, the Munich court found that a Motorola smartphone unlock feature infringed one of the Apple utility patents, and granted an injunction.
Five days prior to the Munich court decision, Apple sued Motorola in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. Apple's complaint sought a declaratory judgment and injunction based on an alleged breach of contract by Motorola, and alleged that Apple is a third party beneficiary under a patent licensing agreement between Motorola Mobility, Inc. and Qualcomm, Inc., and thus in reliance on that contract. Apple alleged that Motorola's rights under two patents it asserted against Apple in Germany were already exhausted under the licensing agreement and asked the court to enjoin Motorola from prosecuting and enforcing its claims against Apple in Germany.
In February 2012, the Directorate-General for Competition of the European Commission sent Motorola notice that the Commission received a complaint by Apple on the enforcement of Motorola's standards-essential patents against Apple, allegedly in breach of Motorola's FRAND commitments. Apple's complaint sought the Commission's intervention with respect to standards-essential patents.
See also
Smartphone wars
Apple Inc. litigation
Apple Inc. v. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
Project Nike
Martin Cooper
Steve Jobs
References
Apple Inc. litigation
United States lawsuits
United States administrative case law
United States computer case law
United States contract case law
United States patent case law
United States district court cases
Smartphone patent wars
Motorola
Law articles needing an infobox
Arvi Aavik (born 31 December 1969, Viljandi) is an Estonian former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Estonia
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Estonian male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Viljandi
Patric Young (born February 1, 1992) is an American former professional basketball player who is a free agent. He is a 6'10" (2.08 m) tall center. He played college basketball for the University of Florida.
College career
Young accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he was a member of coach Billy Donovan's Florida Gators men's basketball team from 2010 to 2014. In his four-year college career at Florida, Young became the 50th 1,000-point scorer in UF history, and finished his career 27th on the all-time scoring list, with 1,307 points. He also became the 11th Gator all-time with 1,300 points and 800 rebounds. Young never missed a game in his college basketball career, becoming the second player in Florida program history to appear in 150 games. As a senior, he was named NABC Pete Newell Big Man of the Year, AP and Senior CLASS All-American, CoSIDA Academic All-American, and SEC Defensive Player of the Year. He was also a two-time All-SEC Team member, earning second-team honors from coaches and the AP in 2014, and second-team honors from the coaches in 2013. Furthermore, he became the SEC league's first three-time winner of the SEC Scholar Athlete of the Year honor, earning the recognition in 2012, 2013, and 2014.
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2014 NBA draft, Young joined the New Orleans Pelicans for the 2014 NBA Summer League. On July 24, 2014, he signed with the Pelicans. On November 30, 2014, he was waived by the Pelicans before appearing in a game for them.
On December 3, 2014, Young signed with Galatasaray Liv Hospital of Turkey for the rest of the 2014–15 season. In 24 Turkish League games, he averaged 10.5 points and 7.9 rebounds per game.
On June 27, 2015, Young joined the Phoenix Suns for the 2015 NBA Summer League. On July 17, 2015, he signed a two-year contract with the Greek club Olympiacos. On November 12, 2015, he suffered a torn ACL in a game against Anadolu Efes, and was shut down for the rest of the season.
On July 10, 2017, Young signed with Italian club Olimpia Milano.
He was released on February 26, 2018, without ever appearing in a single game for the club due to injuries.
On December 6, 2018, Young signed a deal with Scandone Avellino.
On July 31, 2020, Young signed a deal with Hapoel Gilboa Galil in the Israeli Basketball Premier League. However, he parted ways with the team for personal reasons on October 9, 2020.
Career statistics
EuroLeague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"| Galatasaray
| 17 || 14 || 24.5 || .602 || .000 || .600 || 6.4 || .6 || .9 || .8 || 8.7 || 13.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015–16
|rowspan="2"|Olympiacos
| 5 || 5 || 19.4 || .714 || .000 || .667 || 5.0 || .4 || 1.2 || 2.6 || 10.8 || 17.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2016–17
| 30 || 1 || 9.4 || .500 || .000 || .615 || 2.4 || .1 || .3 || .4 || 2.7 || 4.4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:left;"| Career
| style="text-align:left;"|
| 17 || 14 || 24.5 || .602 || .000 || .600 || 6.4 || .6 || .9 || .8 || 8.7 || 13.2
Broadcasting Career
On September 13th, 2021, Patric announced that he had been hired by ESPN to become an SEC Network College Basketball Studio Host.
Personal Life
On June 29th, 2022 while driving in Nebraska, Patric was involved in a serious car accident. The accident left him paralyzed from the waist down.
References
External links
Patric Young at draftexpress.com
Patric Young at eurobasket.com
Patric Young at euroleague.net
Patric Young at gatorzone.com
1992 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Jacksonville, Florida
Centers (basketball)
Florida Gators men's basketball players
Galatasaray S.K. (men's basketball) players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Olympiacos B.C. players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Power forwards (basketball)
S.S. Felice Scandone players
University of Florida alumni
Kim Kwe-ryong (born 17 December 1979) is a Korean former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
South Korean women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of South Korea
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2006 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
This is a list of Edmonton Oilers award winners.
League awards
Team trophies
Individual awards
All-Stars
WHA First and Second Team All-Stars
NHL first and second team All-Stars
The NHL first and second team All-Stars are the top players at each position as voted on by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association.
NHL All-Rookie Team
The NHL All-Rookie Team consists of the top rookies at each position as voted on by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association.
All-Star Game selections
The National Hockey League All-Star Game is a mid-season exhibition game held annually between many of the top players of each season. Thirty-three All-Star Games have been held since the Oilers entered the league in 1979, with at least one player chosen to represent the Oilers in each year except 2004. The All-Star game has not been held in various years: 1979 and 1987 due to the 1979 Challenge Cup and Rendez-vous '87 series between the NHL and the Soviet national team, respectively, 1995, 2005, and 2013 as a result of labor stoppages, 2006, 2010, and 2014 because of the Winter Olympic Games, and 2021 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Edmonton has hosted one of the games. The 40th took place at Northlands Coliseum.
Selected by fan vote
Selected as one of four "last men in" by fan vote
All-Star Game Most Valuable Player
All-Star Game replacement events
Selected by fan vote
Career achievements
Hockey Hall of Fame
The following is a list of Edmonton Oilers who have been enshrined in the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Foster Hewitt Memorial Award
One member of the Edmonton Oilers organization has been honored with the Foster Hewitt Memorial Award. The award is presented by the Hockey Hall of Fame to members of the radio and television industry who make outstanding contributions to their profession and the game of ice hockey during their broadcasting career.
Retired numbers
The Edmonton Oilers have retired eight of their jersey numbers. Wayne Gretzky's number 99 was also retired league-wide on February 6, 2000.
Team awards
Community Service Award
The Community Service Award is an annual award given to a player chosen by the Oilers Hockey Operations department.
Defenceman of the Year
The Defenceman of the Year award is an annual award given to the team's top defenceman as chosen by the Edmonton sports media.
Molson Cup
The Molson Cup is an annual award given to "the player who accumulates the most votes in the three-star voting process" during the regular season.
Most Popular Player
The Most Popular Player award is an annual award given to the team's most popular player as "selected by an on-line vote of Oilers fans."
Top Defensive Forward
The Top Defensive Forward award is an annual award given to the team's top defensive forward as "selected by an on-line vote of Oilers fans."
Top First Year Oiler
The Top First Year Oiler award is an annual award given to the team's top first year player as "selected by an on-line vote of Oilers fans."
Presented to the top playoff performer.
Unsung Hero
The Unsung Hero award is an annual award given to the team's unsung hero as "selected by an on-line vote of Oilers fans."
Zane Feldman Trophy
The Zane Feldman Trophy is an annual award given to the team's most valuable player as "selected by an on-line vote of Oilers fans."
Other awards
See also
List of National Hockey League awards
References
Edmonton Oilers
award
Veronika Mikhailovna Tushnova (; March 27, 1911 – July 7, 1965) was a Soviet poet and member of the Soviet Union of Writers. After completing her medical school studies, she found little satisfaction in being a doctor and turned her attention to writing.
Biography
Tushnova graduated from high school where she had pursued advanced studies of foreign languages. After graduating, at the insistence of her father, who wanted her to be a doctor, she entered the Leningrad Medical Institute where she studied for four years prior to 1935.
In 1936, after the death of her father and mother, she moved back to Leningrad, where she received her medical degree, but she found little satisfaction in being a doctor. At this time she married a psychiatrist named George Rozinsky. She moved to Moscow and was admitted to Gorky Literary Institute in 1941, but never finished it because of the beginning of the war. She served in World War II as a medical assistant in military hospitals.
Her first works were printed in 1944. She published several collections of poems: First Book (1945), Pathway (1954). Her keen lyrical talent was revealed in the collections Memory of the Heart (1958), One Hundred Hours of Happiness (1965) and others, in which she writes about higher love and calls for truly human relations among people. One of her most popular poems was They don't renounce loving. It was performed as a song by Alla Pugacheva.
She also worked as a literary translator. She died from cancer in Moscow on July 7, 1965.
Family
She was married twice, but both marriages ended in divorce. She had a daughter from her first marriage named Natalia (Natalia Rozinskaya).
In her last years Tushnova was involved in an affair with the poet Alexander Yashin, but he couldn't leave his family (Yashin had four children). Yashin died exactly three years after Tushnova, also from cancer.
Poetry collections
Первая книга- First Book (1945)
Пути-дороги- Pathway (1954)
Дорога на Клухор- Road to Klukhor (1956)
Память сердца- Heart's memory (1958)
Второе дыхание- Second Wind (1961)
Лирика- Lyrics (1963, 1969)
Сто часов счастья- One Hundred Hours of Happiness (1965)
Стихи- Poems (1969)
References
1911 births
1965 deaths
Soviet poets
Soviet military doctors
Soviet women physicians
Soviet translators
Soviet women writers
Writers from Kazan
Deaths from cancer in the Soviet Union
Soviet women poets
Jan Biegański (born 4 December 2002) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for I liga club GKS Tychy, on loan from Lechia Gdańsk.
Football
Early years
Biegański started playing football for the youth side of GKS Katowice before joining the academy of Silent Dąbrowa Górnicza. In 2015, Biegański joined GKS Tychy, making his first team debut Raków Częstochowa during the 2017–18 season, becoming the youngest ever debutant for the club, aged 15. In the match against GKS Katowice the following season, Biegański came off the bench and given the captain's armband, becoming the youngest ever captain for GKS Tychy at the age of 15 years 355 days. Biegański spent three and a half seasons with GKS Tychy in I liga, making a total of 22 league appearances and scoring 2 goals.
Lechia Gdańsk
On 1 January 2021, Biegański officially joined Lechia Gdańsk. Unable to gain a regular place in the line-up under manager Tomasz Kaczmarek, on 26 August 2022 he was loaned back to GKS Tychy until the end of the season.
References
2002 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gliwice
Association football midfielders
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Poland under-21 international footballers
GKS Tychy players
Lechia Gdańsk players
Lechia Gdańsk II players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
IV liga players
Briatico () is a comune and coastal town in Calabria, Italy, in the Province of Vibo Valentia. Briatico had an estimated population of 4,053.
Sources
Cities and towns in Calabria
Populated coastal places in Italy
Chilean Footballer of the Year is an award that the Circulo de Periodistas de Chile annually grants, to those Chilean soccer players who during the season of Primera División de Chile have obtained the greater number of points, in agreement with the opinion of the editors of the agency.
Chilean Footballer of the Year
Statistics by Club
Colo-Colo: 9 times
Universidad Católica: 7 times
Universidad de Chile: 6 times
Cobreloa: 5 times
Audax Italiano, Cobresal, Palestino, Real Sociedad, Santiago Wanderers, Unión Española: 1 time
See also
Player of the Year of Argentina
Paraguayan Footballer of the Year
Footballer of the Year (disambiguation)
External links
Chile - Player of the Year at RSSSF.
Association football player of the year awards by nationality
Football in Chile
Chilean awards
Annual events in Chile
Sir George Robert Tyler, 1st Baronet (26 August 1835 – 26 November 1897) was a baronet and Lord Mayor of London.
Career
Tyler was a founder of the firm of Venables, Tyler and Son, papermakers of 17 Queenhithe.
He was a councilman and alderman from 1887 to his death, a Sheriff of London for 1891–2, and Lord Mayor of London for 1893–4. After a state visit to Antwerp they named a street Rue lord mayor Tyler in his honour. He was Master of the Stationers' Company for 1893–4. He was made a baronet, of Queenhithe, in 1894.
Death
He died at his home at Earls Court and was buried at West Norwood Cemetery.
See also
List of Lord Mayors of London
References
Modern English Biography, edited by Boase
1835 births
1897 deaths
Sheriffs of the City of London
19th-century lord mayors of London
19th-century English politicians
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Burials at West Norwood Cemetery
Ridgeway is an unincorporated community in Harlan County, in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
History
A post office called Ridgeway was established in 1925, and remained in operation until 1932. The community took its name from the Ridgeway Coal Company.
References
Unincorporated communities in Harlan County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Sydney – A Story of a City is a film originally shot in the IMAX format and shown in IMAX cinemas around Australia in 1999. The film was subsequently digitally re-mastered from the original large film format and released on DVD in 2001.
The film presents the viewer with spectacular scenes of the city, its harbour, the Sydney Opera House and the Blue Mountains and uses archive film footage, computer generated graphics combined with live footage to tell the story of Sydney's past and present. Featuring the themes of history, archaeology, architecture and genealogy with a simple love story, the film educates and entertains and serves as a showcase for the vibrant city of Sydney.
Plot
'Virginia" (Lucy Bell), a young and adventurous woman, travels from England to Sydney, Australia, in search of her Australian ancestors. Her grandfather "William Robertson" had travelled from Sydney to England in the 1930s, falling in love with an English girl and marrying her. He joined the RAAF at the onset of World War II, only to be killed in an air battle over France. Virginia carries with her some documents of her grandfather's to try to find out what his life was like in Australia all those years ago. She meets her Great Aunt "Clara" who, while happy to tell her of the city's origins, does not expand on the history of William Robertson. Virginia intensifies her efforts to find the truth and comes across a reference to a Robertson who lived at Cumberland Street in The Rocks area of the city.
On arriving at the site she discovers an archaeological dig in progress where once stood some of the oldest buildings in Sydney. Here she meets a young archaeologist called "Marco" (Paul Mercurio) who assists her in her search for answers. The couple research all available resources, travelling around the city and its suburbs, and spend a lot of time in each other's company. During her quest for answers Virginia discovers some of the history and legends surrounding the city of Sydney, its cultural diversity and its famous landmarks. As her quest finally nears completion and it shall soon be time for her to return to England, Virginia discovers that not only has she fallen in love with Marco, she has also fallen in love with the city of Sydney.
Cast
Soundtrack
"Botany Bay"
Traditional. Arranged by Nigel Westlake
Conducted by Christopher Gordon
"Adieu Notre Petite Table" From Manon
Written by Jules Massenet
Sung by Christine Douglas
Piano accompaniment Marshal McGuire
"Trio for Piano, Violin & Cello No.1 in B flat Major"
Written by Franz Schubert
Played by Susan Blake, Kirsten Williams, Philip Shovk
"Toccata from Symphony No. 5 for Organ"
Written by Charles Marie Widor
Courtesy of Editions Hamelle – Paris
Played by Robert Ampt
"She's My Baby"
Written by T. Moffatt/G. Turnbull/E.
©1959 JAT Music Inc.
Performed by Johnny O'Keefe
"Sydney From A 747"
Written By Paul Kelly
Performed by Merril Bainbridge
DVD information and content
DVD Video Format: NTSC
Aspect Ratio: 4:3
Region Coding: 0 (All)
Audio: Dolby Digital 5.1
DVD distributed by Total Big Screen Productions
DVD produced by Slingshot Entertainment
Extras include:
"The Emu and the Sun" – an award-winning animated Aboriginal dream time legend
"The Greedy Frog" – An Aboriginal dream time story
"The Echoes of Time" – A didgeridoo performance by Phil Jones
"Breath and Sound" with Phil Jones
Cast and Crew biographies
Screen Savers for PC
References
External links
http://www.bigmoviezone.com/filmsearch/movies/teacher_guides/pdf/SydneyTeacherGuide.pdf
http://www.imax.com.au/films/film.asp?id=30
National Library of Australia Catalogue – Book published to accompany the film. Written by Shirley Fitzgerald.
1999 films
IMAX short films
IMAX documentary films
Films directed by Bruce Beresford
Films shot in Sydney
1999 short films
Australian short films
1990s English-language films
is a Japanese diplomat and academic, a former Ambassador of Japan to the United Nations and a former Chairman of UNICEF in 1988.
He received a B.A. and an M.A. from Hitotsubashi University, and then earned a B.A. at St John's College, Cambridge in 1959. He joined the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 1959, and served in international organizations including the United Nations, GATT and the OECD. He was Ambassador of Japan to the United Nations from 1986 to 1989. In this capacity, he was also Vice Chairman (1987–1988) and Chairman (1988) of the UNICEF Executive Board at the international level. He was Deputy Secretary-General of OECD from 1990 to 1996. After retiring from the diplomatic service he became professor in the Institute of Asia-Pacific Studies at Waseda University.
References
Chairmen and Presidents of UNICEF
Living people
Hitotsubashi University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Japanese officials of the United Nations
Permanent Representatives of Japan to the United Nations
James Norley (5 January 1847 – 24 October 1900) was an English professional cricketer who played in the 1870s.
Norley was born at Canterbury in Kent and made his first-class cricket debut for Kent County Cricket Club in 1870. He played eight times for the side between 1870 and 1871 before making a single first-class appearance for Gloucestershire in 1877.
Norley's brother, Fred, played for Kent in the mid-1860s. Norley died in 1900 at Eastville near Bristol aged 53.
References
External links
1847 births
1900 deaths
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
Kent cricketers
Sportspeople from Canterbury
Lope Sherani is town and union council of Dera Bugti District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. The area contains one basic health unit, and eight schools.
References
Populated places in Dera Bugti District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
The Park Hotel was a railway-owned hotel at East Cliff, Preston, Lancashire, England, used for many years as offices, but now being restored as a hotel.
The hotel opened in 1883 and was operated jointly by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway and London and North Western Railway. In the 1923 grouping of railway companies, ownership passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway. When the UK's railways were nationalised in 1948, it passed to the British Transport Commission's Hotels Executive, and thence to British Transport Hotels, who sold it in 1950. It has subsequently been, and as of September 2014 remains, used as offices, and renamed "East Cliff County Offices", by Lancashire County Council, who also had a modern annexe, adjacent.
Located on a small hill, the red-brick building overlooks Preston railway station, on the West Coast Main Line, to its north-west and Miller Park and the River Ribble to its south-east. In its heyday, the hotel was connected to the southern end of the main south-bound platform (the modern-day platform 4) at Preston station by a covered footbridge
Various pre-1923 objects from the hotel are in the National Railway Museum at York. These include Mappin & Webb cutlery and Elkington & Co. tableware and candlesticks, the latter marked with the initials "P.P." and a lamb and flag, the coat of arms of the city.
The historic hotel structure was used for many decades as an office building for the Lancashire County Council, along with an adjoining tower, constructed in the 1960s. In 2020, the modern office tower was demolished as part of a plan by the Council to restore the hotel to operation.
References
Buildings and structures in Preston
Hotels in Lancashire
Railway hotels in England
Hotel buildings completed in 1883
Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway
London and North Western Railway
London, Midland and Scottish Railway
British Transport Commission
Lancashire County Council
The Senate of the Kingdom of Italy () was the upper house of the bicameral parliament of the Kingdom of Italy, officially created on 4 March 1848, acting as an evolution of the original Subalpine Senate. It was replaced on 1 January 1948 by the present-day Senate of the Republic. All of its members were appointed by the King.
History
The Senate of the Kingdom of Italy rose to national prominence in 1860, following the Unification of Italy, as the direct successor of the Subalpine Senate of the Kingdom of Sardinia, with the addition of members drawn from the territories obtained during the Second Italian War of Independence and the Expedition of the Thousand.
The Senate was initially based at the Palazzo Madama in Turin until 1864, when it was moved to the Palazzo Vecchio in Florence. Finally, in 1871, it was moved to the Palazzo Madama in Rome.
During the fascist regime, there was no "fascistisation" (fascistizzazione) of the Senate equivalent to that carried out in the lower house. Members of the Senate appointed before the March on Rome, such as Luigi Einaudi and Benedetto Croce, retained their seats in the Senate. However, in 1939, when the lower house was transformed into the Chamber of Fasces and Corporations, 211 new members were added to the Senate. When Fascism fell on 25 July 1943, King Victor Emmanuel III appointed Paolo Thaon di Revel as the President of the Senate, who he entered office on 2 August 1943.
On 20 July 1944, Pietro Tomasi Della Torretta was appointed as the final President of the Senate, an office which he retained until 25 June 1946. In August 1944, all "Senators responsible for maintaining Fascism and enabling the war, through their votes and their individual actions, including propaganda carried out within or without the Senate" were dismissed from office.
Transformation into the Senate of the Republic
Following the 1946 institutional referendum and the election of the Constituent Assembly, the Senate of the Kingdom ceased to function on 25 June 1946. It was formally suppressed on 7 November 1947, thus bringing the Senate to extinction, although in fact it had lost almost all its limited power during the final years of the Fascist government. During the Fascist period, the Senate contained several Fascist members, but because senators held office for life, it had remained somewhat outside the Party's state system and so, over time, it was pushed ever further to the margins of political life.
The Senate of the Kingdom was the inspiration for the current Senate of the Republic, which came into existence on 1 January 1948. The existence of senators for life in the modern Senate of the Republic represents a final survival of the life-long office of the senators of the Kingdom.
Structure
The King appointed the senators of the Kingdom ad vitam (for life). They were entitled to slightly higher honours than the elected deputies of the lower house. In time, although remaining formally a royal power, the appointment of senators came to be carried out largely on the recommendations of the Prime Minister, who was always in a position to influence the decisions of the king and to enhance support for the government in the Senate through the appointment of "batches" of senators. Under Article 33 of the Albertine Statute, the number of senators was not limited, but they had to be over forty years of age and drawn from one of the following categories:
Archbishops and Bishops of the state;
The President of the Chamber of Deputies;
Members of the Chamber of Deputies who had served in three legislatures or for more than six years;
Ministers of State;
Undersecretaries of State;
Ambassadors;
Ministers Plenipotentiary, who had served for more than three years;
First Presidents and Presidents of the Court of Cassation and the Court of Audit;
First Presidents of the Court of Appeal;
The Advocate General of the Court of Cassation, and the Prosecutor General, after they had served for five years;
Presidents of the Class of Magistrates of the courts of appeal, who had served for more than three years;
Members of the Court of Cassation and the Court of Audit, after 5 years
Advocates general and fiscal, after 5 years
General officers of land and sea, although major-generals and rear admirals had to have served for more than five years at that rank;
Councillors of State who had served for more than five years;
Division councillors who had served three terms as council president;
Intendant generals who had served over seven years;
Members of the Accademia nazionale delle scienze after seven years of membership;
Ordinary members of the Higher Council for Public Education, after seven years in office
Anyone who had glorified the nation through outstanding service or merit;
Anyone who paid three thousand liras in import taxes over a period of three years on their own property or company.
Male members of the Royal family were members of the Senate by default and sat immediately behind the President of the Senate. They began to attend the Senate once they reached twenty-one years of age and were allowed to vote once they reached twenty-five.
Bibliography
Francesco Bartolotta (ed), Parlamenti e governi d'Italia dal 1848 al 1970, Roma, Vito Bianco Ed., 1971.
References
Defunct upper houses
1861 establishments in Italy
1947 disestablishments in Italy
Italian Parliament
Santa Isabel is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Santa Isabel. The municipality covers an area of 1,040.8 km².
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 3,937, up from 3,820 as of 2005.
As of 2010, the town of Santa Isabel had a population of 1,378. Other than the town of Santa Isabel, the municipality had 52 localities, none of which had a population over 1,000.
Geography
Towns and villages
The municipality has 27 localities. The largest are:
References
Municipalities of Chihuahua (state)
Austin Dacey (born April 19, 1972) is an American philosopher, writer, and human rights activist whose work concerns secularism, religion, freedom of expression, and freedom of conscience. He is the author of The Secular Conscience: Why Belief Belongs in Public Life, The Future of Blasphemy: Speaking of the Sacred in an Age of Human Rights, and a 2006 New York Times op-ed entitled "Believing in Doubt," which criticized the ethical views of Pope Benedict. He is a representative to the United Nations for the International Humanist and Ethical Union and the creator and director of The Impossible Music Sessions.
Life and career
Dacey was raised in the rural Midwest by liberal Catholics. His father Philip Dacey is a poet. As a young teenager, Dacey became an evangelical Protestant, playing in the Christian alternative rock band, The Swoon, which in 1990 released an EP produced by Charlie Peacock. While studying music and philosophy at The Evergreen State College in Olympia, Washington, Dacey lost his religion, explaining later that "God stopped returning my calls." He studied applied ethics and social philosophy at Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green, Ohio, and was awarded a doctorate in 2002. In 2005, he debated Christian philosopher William Lane Craig over the existence of God.
Beginning in 1999, Dacey worked for the Center for Inquiry (CFI), a think tank that seeks "to foster a secular society based on science, reason, freedom of inquiry, and humanist values." He opened the New York City branch office of CFI and later served as the organization's representative to the United Nations. In 2009, Dacey left CFI and published a critique of the secular movement. In 2010, he created The Impossible Music Sessions, a forum in New York City for censored and persecuted musicians. He has taught ethics at the Polytechnic Institute of New York University.
Secularism
Dacey has defended a form of secularism emphasizing the values of "individual autonomy, equal rights and freedom of conscience." Religion News Service dubbed him a member of Atheism 3.0, a designation he contests. He claims that secularism is not atheistic, but instead that it comes "before God." Aspects of Dacey's position have been embraced by religious thinkers such as Richard John Neuhaus, Andrew Sullivan, and Rabbi Marc Gellman as well as secular figures such as Sam Harris, Susan Jacoby, Ibn Warraq, and Peter Singer.
Theory of conscience
In The Secular Conscience, Dacey argues that contemporary secular liberalism has "lost its soul" due to misconceptions he labels the Privacy Fallacy and the Liberty Fallacy. The Privacy Fallacy lies in thinking that "because matters of conscience are private in the sense of nongovernmental, they are private in the sense of personal preference." The Liberty Fallacy lies in thinking that "because conscience must be free from coercion, its moral conclusions must also be free from public criticism." This confused thinking, according to Dacey, leads to "the conclusion that controversial religious and moral claims are beyond evaluation by reason, truth and objective standards of right and wrong, and should therefore be precluded from public conversation."
In place of the "privacy of conscience," Dacey defends a model of the "openness of conscience," comparing conscience to a free press. It is to be protected from coercion so that it can be free to play an important role in the public sphere and free to follow its own objective standards. Reasons of conscience are by their nature shareable, not subjective. Dacey uses the biblical story of Abraham and Isaac to illustrate the thesis that "any act of faith depends on a prior act of conscience."
Politics of conscience
By precluding conscience from public debate, secular liberals had hoped to prevent believers from introducing sectarian beliefs into politics. Instead, the "gag order" has prevented secular liberals from subjecting religious claims to "due public scrutiny" and from advancing their own views in robustly moral terms, granting a "monopoly on the language of ethics and values" to the religious on the Right and the Left. Dacey argues that claims of conscience—including religious claims—cannot be barred from public debate, but that they can and must be held to the same critical conversational standards as all serious contributions to public debate.
While advocating the separation of religion and state, Dacey has suggested that political institutions should be designed to protect the exercise of conscience, not religion as such. In "Against Religious Freedom", a 2010 article in Dissent co-authored with Colin Koproske, he argues that religious freedom should be regarded as "one manifestation of more fundamental rights held by all people, religious and secular alike: private property, personal autonomy, freedom of expression, freedom of association, and perhaps most important, freedom of conscience."
Secularism and Islam
Criticizing the failure of some on the Left in the West to support secular liberal forces in the Arab and Muslim world, Dacey has stressed the importance of religious rationales for secularism. He has analogized religious minorities in Muslim-majority countries to dissident Protestant sects such as the Anabaptists who constructed theological arguments for toleration and church-state separation in early modern Europe.
Dacey was a lead organizer of the Secular Islam Summit in March 2007, described by the Wall Street Journal as "a landmark." The conference issued the St. Petersburg Declaration, a statement of principles endorsed by Mithal al-Alusi, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, and Shahriar Kabir among others. Reviewing The Secular Conscience for Asharq Al-Awsat, Amir Taheri wrote, "[m]aking this book available in Arabic, Persian, Turkish and other languages of the Muslim nations would be an immense service."
Human rights
As a representative of civil society organizations at the United Nations, Dacey has participated in lobbying at Human Rights Council in Geneva. to oppose efforts by some member states to diminish international standards of freedom of expression out of "respect for religions and beliefs." "The ultimate aim of this effort is not to protect the feelings of Muslims," Dacey has commented, "but to protect illiberal Islamic states from charges of human rights abuse, and to silence the voices of internal dissidents calling for more secular government and freedom."
In defending a universal human right to blaspheme, Dacey has emphasized that it is a matter of freedom of conscience as much as just freedom of speech. In The Future of Blasphemy, Dacey contends that debates in the international community about religiously offensive expression should be understood as "contests over what counts as sacred" in which unbelievers and heterodox believers reserve a right of conscience to express their views.
In September 2008, Dacey co-authored the CFI report, Islam and Human Rights: Defending Universality at the United Nations, which puts these efforts in the context of a campaign by the intergovernmental Organization of the Islamic Conference to promulgate culturally specific "Islamic human rights."
Dacey also authored a CFI position paper accusing the UN Alliance of Civilizations of neglecting secular perspectives and perpetuating the "problematic division of the social world by religion" for which the "clash of civilizations" thesis is often faulted. There is a "clash of values" but it is taking place "within societies and cultures, not only between them."
Freedom of music
In March 2010, Dacey launched The Impossible Music Sessions, a forum in Brooklyn that features "artists who cannot appear and the music they are not free to make." Featured artists join via Internet streaming or phone as a counterpart with whom they have collaborated in advance performs a live interpretation of their music. Mark LeVine wrote in the Huffington Post that the first Impossible Music Session "will go down in the annals of rock history." The Sessions are produced in cooperation with Freemuse: The World Forum on Music and Censorship.
In an interview, Dacey commented, "Ironically, in the Internet age, the live performance has become even more important. The thing that's frustrating for these groups is that while they can record on their Macbook in their basement and share the music with their friends, the government and other powerful forces in society—they control the public spaces. . . . there's something magical about standing in front of people and playing."
Since 2010, the Sessions have facilitated collaborations between musicians in North America and musicians in Iran, Guinea Bissau, Cameroon, and Cuba. Dacey told the Wall Street Journal that the purpose is to "crosspollinate musically" and "banish isolation."
Science and culture
From his early work with the Center for Inquiry, Dacey has been interested in the cultural implications of science. In 2004 he argued in Skeptical Inquirer that "science is making us more ignorant" by unsettling received cultural understandings of the self, meaning, and morality without replacing them with coherent alternatives. In a column for Skeptical Inquirer, Dacey explores the significance of the "culture of science" in Islamic, Chinese, and Indian cultural contexts.
Dacey coined the term "accommodationism" to describe those "who either recognize no conflicts between religion and science, or who recognize such conflicts but are disinclined to discuss them publicly," a usage which has been adopted in blogosphere debates about creationism and the New Atheism.
A sympathetic critic of organized transhumanism, Dacey is an advocate of culturing meat as an ethical alternative to using animals for meat.
Controversy
In a 2004 article for Free Inquiry magazine, "Atheism is Not a Civil Rights Issue," Dacey and co-author DJ Grothe criticized comparisons between the atheist cause in the United States and the causes of civil rights and LGBT rights, concluding that atheists "need a public awareness campaign, not a liberation movement." The article was attacked by humanists and the atheist blogger PZ Myers.
The Secular Islam Summit was criticized by representatives of the Council on American-Islamic Relations as being organized by non-Muslims and "neo-cons" with no standing in Islam.
The Guardian compared Dacey to the British conservative author Melanie Phillips and associated him with the idea that "our civilization depends on the freedom to publish racist cartoons."
The New York Times questioned whether Dacey has fairly characterized secular liberalism, and commented that many people "will balk at his plea that liberalism place 'global resistance to theocratic Islam at the center of its agenda,' much the way a generation of cold-war liberals once mobilized around anti-Communism.
References
External links
AustinDacey.com – Official website
The Impossible Music Sessions
The Ethical Ear
Religion Dispatches Author page
Cirumnavigations column at Skeptical Inquirer Author page
Grit TV with Laura Flanders Interview with Austin Dacey
A Forum for Impossible Music WNYC Interview with Austin Dacey
Moral Values After Darwin Podcast interview
The U.N. and Defamation of Religions Podcast interview
Music You're Not Supposed to Hear National Public Radio All Things Considered
1972 births
Living people
American philosophers
American human rights activists
American skeptics
American atheists
Analytic philosophers
Former Roman Catholics
Amas Daniel (born 26 April 1990) is a Nigerian freestyle wrestler. At the 2016 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's freestyle -65 kg.
In 2021, he competed at the 2021 African & Oceania Wrestling Olympic Qualification Tournament hoping to qualify for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
He competed in the men's 65 kg event at the 2022 Commonwealth Games held in Birmingham, England.
References
External links
Olympic wrestlers of Nigeria
1990 births
Wrestlers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Living people
Wrestlers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Wrestlers at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in wrestling
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Nigeria
African Games gold medalists for Nigeria
African Games medalists in wrestling
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
African Wrestling Championships medalists
20th-century Nigerian people
21st-century Nigerian people
Mark Richard Price (born 20 April 1960) is a former English cricketer. Price was a right-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. He was born at Liverpool, Lancashire.
Price made his first-class debut for Glamorgan against Gloucestershire in the 1984 County Championship. He made sixteen further first-class appearances for the Welsh county, the last of which came against Sussex in the 1985 County Championship. In his seventeen first-class matches, he took 19 wickets at an average of 42.42, with best figures of 4/97. With the bat, he scored 144 runs at an average of 16.00, with a high score of 36. He made his List A debut for the county against Derbyshire in the 1985 John Player Special League. He made ten further List A appearance for Glamorgan during the 1985 season, the last of which came against Sussex. In his eleven List A appearance, he took 5 wickets at an average of 38.00, with best figures of 3/22. With the bat, he scored 59runs at an average of 9.83, with a high score of 22. He left Glamorgan at the end of that season.
Price also played in the Lancashire League for Ramsbottom Cricket Club between 1977 and 2003.
References
External links
Mark Price at ESPNcricinfo
Mark Price at CricketArchive
1960 births
Living people
Cricketers from Liverpool
English cricketers
Glamorgan cricketers
The Erlenbach is a 34.2 km long, left tributary of the Michelsbach in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Course
The Erlenbach rises in the South Palatine Wasgau region, the southern part of the Palatine Forest, in the municipality of Birkenhördt. It flows eastwards and leaves the Palatine Forest near Bad Bergzabern, where it breaks through the Forest's its eastern perimeter, the Haardt. Next it flows through Kapellen-Drusweiler, Oberhausen, Barbelroth and Winden, before forming the boundary between Kandel and Erlenbach, then Hatzenbühl. After it passes Rheinzabern and Neupotz, it unites in Leimersheim with the Otterbach, coming from the right, to empty into the Michelsbach.
The Michelsbach consists of several former Old Rhine loops and discharges into the Rhine itself at Sondernheim after running parallel to the Rhine for 10 km.
References
Rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
South Palatinate
Anterior Palatinate
Rivers and lakes of the Palatinate Forest
Rivers of Germany
Seasons is first studio album by Levi the Poet. Come&Live! Records released the album on December 11, 2012.
Critical reception
Awarding the album four stars from HM Magazine, Rob Shameless states, "This record shows Levi is not afraid to take risks with what he says." Mark Rice, giving the album four and a half stars for Jesus Freak Hideout, writes, "Seasons is an absolutely brilliant piece of art from start to finish." Rating the album four stars at Indie Vision Music, Jessica Cooper describes, she "can't say enough about the creativity and uniqueness of his work, and Seasons is another great example of that." Jameson Ketchum, in reviewing the album for Substream Magazine, says, "Seasons relentlessly thieves the expanses of the listener's emotions from beginning to end."
Track listing
References
2012 debut albums
2010s spoken word albums
Spoken word albums by American artists
Levi the Poet albums
Krasnyi Kut () may refer to the following places in Ukraine:
Krasnyi Kut, Donetsk Oblast, village in Kramatorsk Raion
Krasnyi Kut, Luhansk Oblast, urban-type settlement in Antratsyt Raion
Bracca maculosa is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Sumatra, Peninsular Malaysia, Borneo and Palawan.
Subspecies
Bracca maculosa maculosa (Sumatra, Peninsular Malaysia, Borneo)
Bracca maculosa radiolata (Palawan)
External links
The Moths of Borneo
Boarmiini
Moths described in 1856
Chemical Workers' Union may refer to:
Chemical Workers' Union (Austria)
Chemical Workers' Union (Czechoslovakia)
Chemical Workers' Union (Finland), a member union of the Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions
Chemical Workers' Union (United Kingdom)
Channel [V] Philippines was a 24-hour music-entertainment television network owned by STAR TV and Fox Networks Group Philippines in partnership with TV Xtreme Broadcasting Company (formerly Makisig Network) and Northern Star Productions as network provider.
History
Debut on UHF 23
Channel V was first launched in 1994 in the Philippines, as MTV Asia made the decision to split from STAR TV and form its own satellite TV channel in Asia. It began airing on UHF Channel 23, licensed to Ermita Electronics Corporation, as the Philippines' first UHF TV station fully devoted to re-broadcasting a foreign satellite channel after MTV Asia was started as a music channel in 1992. It was started as the "Next Generation of Music" until it relaunched as Channel V. During that time, the actual feed was Channel V Chinese on AsiaSat 1 while the Asian/Indian counterparts were on AsiaSat 2 and Palapa C2, respectively.
Channel V in the Philippines aired only a few of the English-language shows like The Ride, Over The Edge, By Demand, Rewind, Asian Top 20, Billboard US Countdown and Sigaw Manila (with Filipino artists, locally produced by Probe Productions) but aired several of their Mandarin Chinese or Indian counterparts.
In the same year, the station launched the first ever Channel V Philippines VJ Hunt for aspiring Filipino VJs; it was won by Melanie Casul, the competition's first and last winner.
The channel left UHF 23 in July 1996, when EEC (the owner of the license) turned over to AMCARA Broadcasting Network, an ABS-CBN affiliate, creating Studio 23 (now known as ABS-CBN Sports+Action). The station is currently inactive since May 2020, after NTC release a cease and desist order on ABS-CBN after its franchise was relapsed.
Move to UHF 27
August 1995
Before GMA Network officially launched Citynet Television in August 1995, GMA Network signed a contract with Star TV Network to broadcast selected taped Channel V International TV shows from 1995 until its closure in March 1999. This programming made Trey Farley, Joey Mead, Amanda Griffin, Michael Zerrudo and the late Francis Magalona former VJ-TV hosts of part-Filipino descent, familiar to Citynet viewers. From 1998 until its closure in March 1999, Asian Top 20 Countdown was the only rebroadcast Channel V show.
December 1999
On December 15, 1999, STAR TV leased the airtime of Citynet to launch Channel V Philippines through EMC, also known as Entertainment Music Channel. Part of the strategy to localize Channel V was with programming produced both by Star TV and GMA through Alta Productions and Probe Productions, Inc. The marketing image was shifted from music to more live-action products. Idents from this time frame used the brackets in the name. It dimensionalized the name Channel V, making it into an object that could then become an environment for its broadcast design and a stage for live events. Additional shifts in programming occurred at the relaunch, specifically a shift to genre-specific rather than continuous hits, with special graphics for each set. In the middle of 2001, Channel V Philippines shut down due to the intense competition from MTV Philippines provided by Nation Broadcasting Corporation, a PLDT sister company, when PLDT bought a controlling stake of GMA Network. The channel was officially shut down on July 25, 2001.
After 17 years of inactivity, UHF 27 was resurrected again and became the new flagship channel of GMA News TV which was re-established on June 4, 2019, after GMA Network's partnership with ZOE Broadcasting Network was terminated in May 2019, it was later rebranded to GTV.
Channel V returns to the Philippines
Eight years later, STAR TV (in turn was directly over to Fox Networks Group) and Makisig Network/Herma Group Inc (now known as TV Xtreme Broadcasting Company) announced an agreement to expand Channel V in the Philippines and to launch Tagalog-language content geared toward youth audiences, with an emphasis on local VJs, Pinoy music, and local bands and artists. Makisig now included Channel V International in its basic tier of cable channels, expanding the reach of the channel to more than 600,000 households across the Philippines. The channel's program mix is 60% Hong Kong satellite feed and 40% local feed versions of the more popular programs. Local content includes local-language and Pinoy music. The channel's creative director is Jose Javier Reyes.
Makisig continued to expand the reach of Channel V, moving it down from channel 59 to 25 on SkyCable and adding online content.
On March 26, 2011, Channel V Philippines went temporarily off-the-air after its CEO, then Ilocos Sur representative Ronald Singson, was jailed in Hong Kong for possession of illegal drugs. Its international counterpart took its place temporarily until April 25, 2011, when it returned on Destiny Cable through Northern Star Productions (owned by Chavit Singson). On July 13, 2012, Channel V Philippines ended its final broadcast due to unknown reasons, then reverted to Channel V Asia.
In 2015, Fox Networks Group's Philippine branch took over the rights on the Channel [V] Philippines branding, but this time as a sponsor for its forthcoming concerts and events and using Philippine feed for the teaser or promos to other Fox Networks Group Philippines' channels and special programming such as Fusion Music Festivals until the main feed's shutdown on October 1, 2021.
Channel V Philippines programs
Note: Some of the Channel V International programs also air on V Philippines with the V orange logo except from V Philippines produced programs only airs during night time, early morning and during commercials (V light blue logo).
Previous shows
Backtrack Pinas
Bente Uno
Boys Night Out (also broadcast on Magic 89.9)
Circuit TV
Dyip Ni Juan
Encore
Filipino Poker Tour
Hits All You Can
In Command
The G Spot
PopKorn
Scene and Heard Philippines
Sound Reel
V Buzz
V Life
V Scene
V Trends
V Tunes Pinas
V'd Out
V Tunes Pinas Live
Channel V Philippines executives
Luis "Chavit" Singson – Owner, Northern Star Production (Channel V Philippines)
Rommel Singson – Channel Head
Cora Dacong – overall in charge of production
Arnel Balauro – Production Manager
Jed Velasco – Events Head, Sales/Advertising
Francis Quilantang – Production Head
Joanna Cayanan – Head Writer
Kimm Hadap – Events and Marketing Coordinator
Kerstie Sorbito – Writer
Angela Realica – Marketing
Josh Garcia – Marketing
2012
Judith Evaristo - Sales Director
Angelo Valenzuela - Sales Manager
Pam Reyes - Events and Marketing Manager
Arnel Balauro – Production Manager
Francis Quilantang – Production Head
Kerstie Sorbito – Writer
Angela Realica – Marketing Officer
Mary Joy Simeon-Sales and Marketing Officer
VJs
Previous VJs and program hosts
Cliff Ho
Megan Young
Sanya Smith
Kevin Cisco
Trey Farley
Joey Mead
Melanie Casul
Amanda Griffin
Francis Magalona†
Mike Zerrudo
Brad Turvey
Maxine Mamba
Alvin Pulga
Georgina Wilson
Solenn Heussaff
Marc Nelson (The Bro Code)
Claudine Trillo (V Life)
JR Issac (Circuit TV)
Maike Evers (Filipino Poker Tour)
Geoff Rodriguez (Filipino Poker Tour)
Tim Yap (V Trends)
Slick Rick (Boys Night Out)
Sam Y.G. (Boys Night Out)
Tony Toni (Boys Night Out)
DJ Vince G (The G Spot)
See also
Channel V
MTV Philippines
MTV Pinoy
myx
Citynet Television
References
External links
Channel V Philippines UHF 27 Promo Video (2000)
Television networks in the Philippines
Music video networks in the Philippines
Philippine music
GMA Network (company) channels
Television channels and stations established in 1999
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2001
Television channels and stations established in 2009
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2012
1999 establishments in the Philippines
Ernest Carleton Bass, best-known as Carleton Bass, born 1876 in Ireland, was a notorious bullfighter who billed himself in the late 19th and early 20th centuries as the "first North American bullfighter." In reality, he was an Irish immigrant who never became an American citizen, and his anemic bullfighting skill led to him being booed from bullfighting rings in Mexico. Though he had learned some swordfighting and bullfighting skills in Spain before his arrival in the United States, he was a poor fighter. In 1903, he suffered an attack of nerves before a fight in Mexico and failed to fight. In 1904, he was a key figure in the St. Louis bullfight riot, which led to the destruction of a 14,000-seat arena by fire. Three days after the riot, he shot and killed fellow matador Manuel Cervera Prieto after the other man attacked Bass with a knife over a dispute regarding the bullfight canceled by the riot. A subsequent coroner's inquest found Bass acted in self-defense and should not be charged with murder. Following his acquittal, Bass went on to star in several bloodless bullfights. These involved enraging the bull, causing it to charge and miss, but not spearing it or cutting it with a sword.
References
1876 births
Bullfighters
Year of death missing
Marocaine market is a Moroccan market in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located just to the east of Mosque Marocaine.
References
Retail markets in Mauritania
Nouakchott
The 2000 season of the Bhutanese A-Division was the sixth recorded season of top-flight football in Bhutan, and the last before the league was officially renamed the A-Division. The league was won by Druk Pol FC, their fifth title in a row and the only time, as of 2014, that a Bhutanese team had achieved such a feat.
References
Bhutan A-Division seasons
Bhutan
Bhutan
football
Francisco Lemos da Silveira (1918–?) was a Portuguese philatelist who was appointed to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 1998. In 2002 he received the European Award for Philatelic Merit of the Académie Europeenne Philatélie.
References
Portuguese philatelists
Signatories to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists
1918 births
People from Lisbon
Possibly living people
Denmark national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Denmark that represents the team in international competitions. The team has never participated in the Paralympic Games but has been involved with several international tournaments.
Background
The Danish Sports Organization for the Disabled manages the national team. In May 2013, an IFCPF coaching workshop was held in Austria. It was attended by coaches from Austria, Singapore, Italy, Denmark and Jordan. The goal was to develop coaches for both national and international level competitions. While Denmark was active in participating in international regional competitions by 2016, the country did not have a national championship to support national team player development.
Ranking
Denmark was ranked eighteenth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016. The team was ranked twenty-first in the world in August 2013 and November 2014. In July 2011 and September 2012, the team was ranked eighteenth.
Results
The country has never participated in a Paralympic Games since the sport made its debut at the 1984 Games. Denmark has participated in a number of international tournaments. The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark in early August. The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships. Other teams scheduled to participate included Scotland, Canada, Portugal, Iran, Northern Ireland, Australia, Venezuela, Japan, Republic of South Korea, Germany, and Spain.
References
National cerebral palsy football teams
Parasports in Denmark
Denmark national football team
Illustra was a commercialized version of the Postgres object-relational database management system (DBMS) sold by Illustra Information Technologies, a company formed by Michael Stonebraker and Gary Morgenthaler and several of Michael Stonebraker's current and former students including: Wei Hong, Jeff Meredith, Michael Olson, Paula Hawthorn, Jeff Anton, Cimarron Taylor and Michael Ubell. The technology's extensibility model centered on DataBlade modules that defined types and associated index methods, operators, and functions for purposes and data domains that included Web publishing, search and manipulation of text, and management of geospatial information.
The company was sold to Informix Corp. in 1997. The technology was folded into the Informix 7 OnLine product line, leading eventually to the creation of the unified Informix Universal Server (IUS) product line. The entire Informix product line was sold to IBM, which continues to extend Informix and offer several Editions of Informix for use under various license metrics include two Editions which are free of charge.
External links
"Informix leaps to objects: Informix Universal Server promises to raise the database technology bar," by Bill Rosenblatt
Proprietary database management systems
Michael Solomon Martin (born 1938) is a former Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Labrador South in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1972 to 1975. He was a member of the New Labrador Party. He was born at Cartwright. Martin served in the Canadian Armed Forces where he served four missions as a United Nations peacekeeper. Martin is known for designing the unofficial Flag of Labrador in 1974. He also designed the Labrador Tartan.
References
1938 births
Living people
People from Labrador
Members of the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly
Labrador Party politicians
{{Infobox album
| name = Out of My Hands
| type = studio
| artist = Morten Harket
| cover = Morten Harket - Out Of My Hands.jpg
| border = yes
| alt =
| released =
| recorded = Norway(Ljunggren Studio, Snowdrop Studios)England(Real World Studios)Sweden(Studio Brun, Quant Studios)
| venue =
| studio =
| genre = Synthpop, pop rock
| length = 37:44
| label = Universal, Island, We Love Music
| producer = Morten Harket, Lars Hustoft, Peter Kvint, Erik Ljunggren, Steve Osborne, Jonas Quant
| prev_title = Letter from Egypt
| prev_year = 2008
| next_title = Brother
| next_year = 2014
| misc =
{{Singles
| name = Out of My Hands (UK)
| type = studio
| single1 = Scared of Heights
| single1date = 14 May 2012
| single2 = I'm the One
| single2date = 9 July 2012
| single3 = Burn Money Burn
| single3date = 29 October 2012
}}
}}Out of My Hands is the fifth studio album and third English-language album by Norwegian pop singer Morten Harket. It was released on April 13, 2012 through Island Records. The album was mainly produced by British record producer Steve Osborne, who worked with a-ha on their ninth studio album, Foot of the Mountain (2009). Upon its release, the album received generally mixed reviews from Norwegian music critics. The album charted at number one in Norway, becoming the singer's third number-one album there.
Critical reception
Nick Levine of the BBC gave the album a favourable review, and wrote: "There's a similar dignity to Morten Harket's first solo album since the split. It's a grown-up synth-pop affair featuring songs that vary in pace all the way from a fairly slow mid-tempo to, ooh, a fairly fast mid-tempo. Actually, Out of My Hands doesn't sound too different from the last few a-ha albums, but it's also fresh enough to recall Echoes, Will Young's stellar electro-pop LP from last year."
In his review for Daily Express'', Simon Gage gave the album three out of five stars writing, "The famous falsetto is still very much in evidence and the songs strong if a little on the dated side with driving guitars and lush orchestrations making it sound remarkably a-ha-esque."
Track listing
Notes
Original Swedish lyrics by Joakim Berg, English lyrics by Morten Harket.
Charts
Release history
References
2012 albums
Island Records albums
Morten Harket albums
Albums produced by Steve Osborne
Pothos lancifolius is climbing plant species described by Hooker in the family Araceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalogue of Life. This species has been recorded from Peninsular Malaysia and Vietnam - where it is called ráy leo lá rách or ráy leo hình bút lông.
References
External links
International Aroid Society: 12. Pothos lancifolius Hook.f.
Pothoideae
Flora of Vietnam
Flora of Peninsular Malaysia
Shaun Pinner is a former soldier of the British Army who joined the Ukrainian Armed Forces as a volunteer fighter during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. During the siege of Mariupol, he was captured and sentenced to death in a show trial by the Supreme Court of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR), but was freed in September in a prisoner exchange.
His service in the Ukrainian marines makes him an active-duty soldier protected by the Geneva conventions on prisoners of war. However, Russian state media has portrayed him as a mercenary. Another British citizen, Aiden Aslin and the Moroccan Saadoun Brahim, received identical verdicts in the same trial. British Foreign Secretary Liz Truss tweeted that: "The judgement against them is an egregious breach of the Geneva convention." The defence attorney did not even ask for an explanation as to why the existing arguments against mercenary status were not been taken into consideration, simply saying instead that "the guilt of my client has been fully established".
Pinner was described by his family as a well-respected soldier within the British Army, where he served in the Royal Anglian Regiment. He spent nine years in this regiment with a spotless record. He also volunteered to fight against ISIS in the Middle East and served with the United Nations mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
After retirement, Pinner was employed for some time as a waste manager in Watford, Hertfordshire, working for about 16 hours a day. Pinner moved to Ukraine with his Ukrainian wife before joining the nation's armed forces in 2018. Being an experienced soldier, Pinner was made a squad commander in Ukraine.
At the time of his capture, he was due to complete his three-year military contract later in 2022 and was hoping for a humanitarian role. Pinner considers Ukraine to be his adopted country over the last four years, calling Mariupol his home city.
On 29 June 2022, Pinner appealed against his death sentence, requesting for it to be changed to life imprisonment. The appeal will be reviewed within a two-week period; if it is rejected, Pinner will, according to his lawyer, request to be pardoned by the head of the DPR. A day later the European Court of Human Rights told Russia to ensure that the death penalty is not carried out on Pinner and fellow prisoner Aiden Aslin. Russia, however, has said it no longer complies with the ECHR's prescriptions, although the country is only due to withdraw from the organisation in September 2022.
Pinner was released in a prisoner exchange in September 2022.
See also
Russian information war against Ukraine
Aiden Aslin
Saadun Brahim
References
Living people
1974 births
Ukrainian military personnel of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Prisoners of war held by Russia
Siege of Mariupol
British prisoners sentenced to death
Military personnel from Bedfordshire
People from Watford
Royal Anglian Regiment soldiers
British expatriates in Ukraine
NATO member countries and the Russo-Ukrainian war
The Border Surrender were an English rock band based in North London. The band members were Keith Austin (vocals and guitar), Simon Shields (vocals, guitar, bass guitar and mandolin), Johnny Manning (keyboards, melodica, glockenspiel & accordion) and Mark Austin (drums and vocals). They were signed under Smoky Carrot Records.
Live performances
The band performed energetic live performances with multiple instrument changes between the four members. One of their first filmed live performances was on BalconyTV London., the leading online viral music show, performing 'Oh Mary'. across the lock in Camden Town.
In the media
Their first EP Blood in the Snow was released in April 2009 receiving positive industry reviews including:
The Word
The Word - Now Hear This, "15 brand-new Tracks picked by The Word".
Americana UK.
Ray-Ban Rooms.
London Tour Dates Magazine.
Oh, Inverted World.
Their single "Oh Mary" received further positive industry reviews including:
Music Week.
The Ruckus.
Loud Horizon.
Nostalgia for Infinity.
Losing Today.
The Camden Store.
A snapshot of radio plays include:
BBC Radio 2, Dermot O'Leary.
BBC 6 Music, BBC Introducing with Tom Robinson.
References
External links
MySpace
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
BBC Music
last.fm
English rock music groups
Jean Pelet, known as Pelet de la Lozère (Saint-Jean-du-Gard, 23 February 1759 – Paris, 26 January 1842) was a French politician.
Life
Early life
Jean Pelet was descended from Pelet, baron de Salgas, who spent 14 years condemned to the galleys after being stripped of his rank and title, having his lands confiscated and his castles razed for refusing to renounce his Protestant faith. (Jean himself was a member of the consistory of the reformed church of Paris and the father of Joseph Pelet de la Lozère (1785–1871), conseiller d'État, peer of France several times a minister in the July Monarchy). Jean was the son of the businessman Jean Pelet and his wife Marie Castanier. He became avocat to the parlement de Provence as a young man and was attached to the bar of Florac.
Revolution
Like other Protestants, he welcomed the French Revolution. President of the directory of the department of Lozère from 1791 onwards, on 5 September 1792 he was elected a deputy to the French National Convention for his department, coming fourth out of five, with 215 votes. Inclining towards the Girondist position, he was absent on a government commission during the trial of Louis XVI, and supported the opponents of Maximilien Robespierre on 9 thermidor in 1794, saying:
As a result, he asked the surviving members of the former Committee of Public Safety to stand down. Becoming secretary of the assembly in October 1794, he proposed substituting the death penalty with banishment on pain of death in certain cases. He presided over the assembly from March to April 1795 during the insurrection of 12 Germinal, Year III and then, after the sitting when the head of député Féraud was shown to the delegates, he said:
He was sent to the armée des Pyrénées-Orientales and began the negotiations with Spain which led to the Peace of Basel. After the constitutional session, 71 departments elected him their deputy on the Council of Five Hundred on 23 vendémiaire year 4, including Lozère by 123 votes out of 129. He presided over the council from 19 June 1796, speaking in favour of émigrés' children and the freedom of the press. He left the Council in May 1797 and retired to his birthplace.
Consulate and First French Empire
After the coup of 18 brumaire, Bonaparte made Pelet prefect of Vaucluse on 11 ventose year 8, then summoned him to join the council of state (in ordinary service from 27 fructidor year 10 to 1810). Pelet was also put in charge of the third arrondissement of the imperial general police in 1805 and then, during the general reorganisation of the police department, he was detached to head up the second division of the imperial general police, embracing 42 departments in the Midi from 1806 to 1813. He held these roles until 1814 and remained loyal to Napoleon's police chief Joseph Fouché, though he and Fouché disliked each other, with Pelet mistrusting him for his intrigues and use of torture. It was Pelet who discovered the Malet conspiracy's ramifications in southern France in 1812.
In 1801 he bought the château du Solier (Lasalle) from the family of Cadolle de Voguë. He also became a conseiller d'Etat in ordinary service from 1810 to 1814 and was also attached to the commission for petitions in 1808 and 1809. He was made commissioner extraordinary in the 9th military division (Montpellier) on 26 December 1813. He was made a knight (9 vendemiaire year 12) then a commander (25 prairial year 12) of the Légion d'honneur, then a comte de l'Empire (18 May 1808) and a commander of the Ordre de la Réunion in 1813.
Bourbon Restoration and July Monarchy
At the First Restoration he retired from office and, though he was made interim minister of police from 23 June to 9 July 1815 during the Hundred Days, he retired again after Waterloo. In return, on 5 March 1819, Louis XVIII made him a peer of France with an annual pension of 4,000 francs. Pelet took an oath in preparation for becoming a member of the upper chamber during the July Monarchy, but ill health meant that he could only attend very occasionally. He died aged 83 and was buried in the Pere Lachaise cemetery.
Coat of arms
D'azur à trois bandes d'or, au lion d'argent lampassé de même, rampant sur la bande inférieure, bordure de sinople ; franc-quartier de comte conseiller d'Etat.
References
External links
facsimiles of works by Pelet at the Bibliothèque nationale de France
PELET Jean dit Pelet de la Lozère (1759–1842) on www.appl-lachaise.net ;
Comte Pelet de la Lozère, Une famille de noblesse d'Empire on amilo.pagesperso-orange.fr ;
Pelet de la Lozère, Jean Pelet dit, (1759–1852) on www.napoleonica.org
1759 births
1842 deaths
People from Gard
Counts of the First French Empire
French Calvinist and Reformed Christians
Politicians from Occitania (administrative region)
Girondins
Deputies to the French National Convention
Presidents of the National Convention
Members of the Council of Five Hundred
Members of the Chamber of Peers of the Bourbon Restoration
Members of the Chamber of Peers of the July Monarchy
Conseil d'État (France)
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
ORP Orzeł a Polish Navy submarine of Project 613 () . She was built in the Soviet Union as S-265 and was commissioned by the Polish Navy in 1962. She served under the pennant number 292 (317 for a brief period) and was decommissioned in 1983. It was one of the four Whiskey-class submarines operated by the Polish Navy, the other three being , and .
In 1968, during Warsaw Pact fleet exercise on Barents Sea, together with the other Polish submarine , she avoided detection by huge Soviet and East Germany ASW forces, consisting of 300 ships - including nuclear submarines - and about 500 aircraft, and unnoticed entered into the biggest Soviet naval base in Murmansk. A year later, guided by radio-guidance from Poland, Orzeł intercepted in the North Sea a Soviet and torpedoed her by dummy torpedoes. In implementing the Warsaw Pact's Cold War strategy, she also led patrols in the North Atlantic, doing jobs there such as a continuous reconnaissance in close distance to NATO's naval bases, including the most important U.S. strategic submarine base outside United States - Holy Loch in Scotland and also the base of Londonderry in Northern Ireland. She was also exercising the breaking of western marine communication lines in the North Atlantic, as well as carrying out tasks in the North Atlantic training programs, including "Use of weapons and overcome ASW forces exercise program".
On 30 December 1983 she was decommissioned due to poor condition of her hull, after years of service, and scrapped in 1986. During her service, the ORP Orzeł was four times awarded as The Best Ship of Polish Navy (1963, 1965, 1972 and 1977).
References
Further reading
Whiskey-class submarines of the Polish Navy
1954 ships
Ships built in the Soviet Union
Ships built by Krasnoye Sormovo Factory No. 112
"Bulls on Parade" is a song by American rock band Rage Against the Machine. It is the second song from their second studio album, Evil Empire (1996). It was released as the album's first single to modern rock radio on February 9, 1996.
Background and composition
"Bulls on Parade" deals with the U.S. military and its aggressive tactics. It mentions how the arms industry encourages war to obtain military contracts with lines such as, "Weapons, not food, not homes, not shoes, not need, just feed the war cannibal-animal," and "What we don't know keeps the contracts alive and moving."
The song is widely known for its popular guitar solo containing a vinyl scratch effect used by Tom Morello, done by toggling between two pickups, one on and one off, while rubbing his hands on the strings over the pickups to create the effect that someone is scratching a vinyl disc. Morello has stated that the sound he was going for was a "sort of 'Geto Boys' sound, menacing" with E♭ tuning in both guitar and bass and a wah-wah pedal fully in the treble position to create a Houston 5th Ward gangland-style riff.
Live performances
"Bulls on Parade" made its live debut on January 25, 1996, at the Big Day Out festival in Sydney, Australia. The track then made its international debut on Saturday Night Live in April 1996. The band was going to play two songs, but were expelled from the building after hanging American flags upside down from their amplifiers.
At various shows, the band has dedicated the song to George Bush and Tony Blair for their role in the war on terror.
Covers
"Bulls on Parade" has been covered numerous times by different artists of various genres including British rapper Dizzee Rascal in 2009, among others.
On February 14, 2019, American rapper Denzel Curry performed a cover of the song on the Australian radio station Triple J as part of Like a Version. The cover was met with critical acclaim.
Music video
The video for "Bulls on Parade", directed by Peter Christopherson and produced by Fiz Oliver at Squeak Pictures, premiered on MTV's 120 Minutes on April 14, 1996. On July 31, 1996 it was nominated for Best Hard Rock Video in the 1996 MTV Video Music Awards.
The video contains footage from the Sydney Big Day Out (January 25, 1996) and their side show at the Hordern Pavilion in Sydney (January 27, 1996). Throughout the video shots of young people protesting in the streets with political signs, military drills, flags, and other similar images are montaged together. An antique-style film is used which promotes scratches, dust and film grain. Several scenes show people wrapping Evil Empire banners on walls, telephone posts and posting up other propaganda posters designed by Barbara Kruger. There is a scene where a character wearing a black "Libertyville" jacket with a baseball cap is painted by the renowned Phantom Street Artist Joey Krebs who paints his iconoclastic figures on city walls. This is the actual portrait created by the street artist of Tom Morello himself. Various lyrics are flashed on top of these scenes in a scrawled sort of chicken-scratch throughout.
Accolades
The song was voted number 15 on VH1's 40 Greatest Metal Songs.
The song came in 46th place on the Triple J Hottest 100, 1996.
The song came in at 89th place on the Triple J Hottest 100 of All Time in 2009.
The cover of Denzel Curry placed 5th on the Triple J Hottest 100, 2019.
Its solo is listed number 23 on Guitar World's 100 Greatest Solos list published in 2009.
In other media
"Bulls on Parade" features in Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock where it is unlocked after defeating Tom Morello in a guitar battle. The song also appeared as a playable track in Guitar Hero Live and Rock Band in its Metal Track Pack.
It is the theme song for the defense of the NFL's Houston Texans, and is played in the stadium at home games to invigorate the crowd and players before games. The song is also played every time the defense takes the field for the first time. The song has been officially endorsed by former Texans LB Connor Barwin.
For Australian radio station Triple J's Like a Version, American rapper Denzel Curry covered "Bulls on Parade" with Harts on guitar.
The Prodigy sampled the song in their 1997 single Smack My Bitch Up.
Track listing
Bulls on Parade
Hadda Be Playing on the Jukebox (Live)
Charts
References
External links
Rage Against the Machine songs
Houston Texans
1996 singles
Protest songs
1996 songs
Songs against capitalism
Song recordings produced by Brendan O'Brien (record producer)
Songs written by Tom Morello
Songs written by Brad Wilk
Songs written by Tim Commerford
Songs written by Zack de la Rocha
Epic Records singles
Hipposideros winsburyorum is a hipposiderid species of bat known by fossil specimens, one of the many new taxa of chiropterans discovered in the Riversleigh World Heritage Area. The species existed during the Pliocene.
Taxonomy
The description of Hipposideros winsburyorum was published in 1999 by Suzanne J. Hand and Henk Godthelp, assigning the species to the genus Hipposideros.
The type locality is the Neville's Garden Site at the Riversleigh fossil area.
The registration of specimen, the maxilla numbered QM F30575, was inadvertently applied to several pieces of fossil material discovered at Riversleigh, a species of Mormopterus and a molar attributed to the Miocene Icarops aenae.
The specific epithet honours supporters of research at Riversleigh, Janet and Keith Winsbury.
Description
A species of the Hipposideridae, known as Old World leaf-nosed bats, a microbat that used echolocation to forage for prey.
The species probably roosted in a limestone cave that was associated with a pool or lake in the rainforest that dominated the area.
The species, as with other hipposiderids, is represented in fossil record of the Riversleigh fauna, but is only known from that area. The karst system created by the Gregory River provided Hipposideros winsburyorum with an ideal environment for refuge and foraging opportunities.
References
Hipposideridae
Miocene bats
Fossil taxa described in 1999
Riversleigh fauna
Cote Sans Dessein Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,122.
Geography
Today, Cote Sans Dessein Township covers an area of and, as of 2018, contains no incorporated settlements, but does include the unincorporated community of Tebbetts and the historic riverbank settlements of Cote Sans Dessein and Barkersville (west of Cote Sans Dessein settlement with a post office and school as of 1876), as well as historic Effie (inland and northeast of Tebbetts), plus rural homes. It contains six cemeteries: Farmer, High Hill, Middle River, Riverview, Thorp and Williams, and The streams of Cason Branch, Gallons Creek, Muddy Creek, Rivaux Creek, Rocky Branch, and Sand Springs Branch.
The township's eastern boundary is formed by the Missouri River tributary of Middle River, and the Missouri River tributary of Little Auxvasse Creek also flows through the township.
A detailed historic map of Callaway County townships in 1930 can be found at http://cdm16795.contentdm.oclc.org/cdm/ref/collection/moplatbooks/id/656 . This is useful for historical and genealogical research. Maps and text descriptions of Callaway townships prior to that date can be found under the article for Callaway County, Missouri.
History
Cote Sans Dessein Township was established in 1821, and named after the community of Cote Sans Dessein, Missouri.
The township included nearly all western Callaway County at the time of its establishment, but within only a few months its size became reduced as a result of the creation of new townships up and down western Callaway (per the Missouri State Library's "History of Callaway County" published in 1884, which gives text descriptions of the boundaries).
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
Tebbetts Area Page.
Missouri State Library: "History of Callaway County". (St Louis, National Historical Company, 1884).
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
The Lady Decides is a fantasy novel by author David H. Keller, M.D. It was first published in 1950 by Prime Press in an edition of 400 copies, all of which were signed, numbered and slipcased.
Plot introduction
The novel concerns a man with a dream and an allegorical quest through Spain.
References
1950 American novels
American fantasy novels
Novels set in Spain
The locomotive Saxonia was operated by the Leipzig–Dresden Railway Company (Leipzig–Dresdner Eisenbahn-Compagnie or LDE) and was the first practical working steam locomotive built in Germany. Its name means Saxony in Latin.
History
The Saxonia was built by Johann Andreas Schubert. Schubert had been inspired by the English-built locomotive, Comet, procured for the LDE, and he analysed and improved on what he saw. He used the same dimensions but, unlike Comet, two coupled axles were driven, therefore providing increased tractive force, and a carrying axle was added at the back to improve ride qualities.
The development and construction of the locomotive was carried out in the Maschinenbauanstalt Übigau at Dresden, an engineering works that had been founded on 1 January 1837. From the beginning Schubert was the head of the company. The construction of the engine was a technical and economic risk for the firm. For a start, it had no technical experience at all; furthermore there were no orders for a locomotive.
The Saxonia was intended to open the Leipzig–Dresden railway, the first long-distance railway line in Germany, on 8 April 1839. But the English, who until then had a monopoly within the railway industry, begrudged success to Schubert and his locomotive. The first train to run on the railway was hauled by the two English locomotives Robert Stephenson and Elephant. The Saxonia – driven by its creator, Johann Andreas Schubert –- followed on behind.
The Saxonia clearly continued to be used successfully, however, because in 1843 it had clocked up . There is no definite information about its whereabouts, however, it must have remained in the LDE's fleet until 1856 because its name was not reassigned until then.
The Übigau works built a second locomotive of the same arrangement, named Phoenix, delivered 1840-04-12.
Technical description
From a technical standpoint the Saxonia reflected in the main its English counterparts. Only a few details exist about the design of the boiler. The boiler barrel had rivetted longitudinal seams, the vertical boiler had a curved, cylindrical top. A flat plate on top of the vertical boiler provided a platform for the steam whistle and spring balance safety valve. On top of the front section of the boiler barrel was the tall, narrow steam dome. The grate was designed to be moveable.
The steam engine was designed as a two-cylinder inside drive with a simple inside lever valve gear (Hebelsteurung) without a steam expansion stage. The engine drove the second coupled axle.
Both coupled axles and the carrying axle were fixed rigidly into the frame. The wheel spokes were made of forged bar steel. Later cast wheel spokes were fitted. Because it had an inside drive the second axle had to be designed as a crank axle, which is remarkable, bearing in mind the manufacturing technology of that time. A technical innovation was the trailing axle which had been intended by Schubert mainly to improve the locomotive's riding qualities. It was subsequently determined to be superfluous and was removed in 1840. From 1842, however, the operation of twin-axled locomotives was banned on safety grounds, so the trailing axle had to be refitted. The brake was initially a screw-operated band brake which acted on the two driven wheels from the top. Because this did not prove suitable due to high wear and tear, it was later removed.
Replica locomotive
On 11 October 1985, a working group was established by the East German government's Ministry of Transport for the construction of a replica of the locomotive. The aim was for its inaugural journey to form part of the 150th anniversary celebrations of the opening of the first German long-distance railway from Leipzig to Dresden on 8 April 1989.
Like the Adler, few original design documents existed at that time from which the replica could be built. The basis of the new design drew heavily on a blueprint of the original drawings from 1838. The dimensions and technical data were derived from the book published in 1839 by NNW Meissner. Building a replica using the original manufacturing techniques was not possible. In building the boiler current regulations had to be followed. The steam engine was a major headache. Originally the Saxonia only had a simple lever valve gear which did not enable any kind of steam admission control. For the replica Saxonia a Stephenson valve gear with open rods was planned.
The design and manufacture of the replica boiler was entrusted to the VEB Dampfkesselbau Übigau in Dresden, which had built the original boiler 150 years earlier. All other components were manufactured by various Deutsche Reichsbahn facilities. The final assembly was carried out at the Halle repair shop (Reichsbahnausbesserungswerk or Raw). The manufacture of components was taken on by the Bahnbetriebswerke (Bw i.e. locomotive depot) at Dresden, Oebisfelde, Berlin-Pankow and Weissenfels as well as the refurbishment shop (Aufarbeitungswerkstatt) at Wilsdruff.
The tender was built in the facility at Waren (Müritz) of the Neustrelitz Bw. Originally a wooden frame made of foreign hardwood was planned, largely as in the original. Trials with a replica buffer beam showed that a wooden construction of that nature had a strong tendency to crack. For that reason the tender frame was made of welded steel with a wood cladding.
On 1 October 1988 the new locomotive was fired up for the first time at Raw Halle. 14 days later she demonstrated she was fully operational during a trial run to Eisleben. On her handover journey on 12 January 1989 she even attained a speed of 70 km/h between Halle and Leipzig, as well as demonstrating smooth riding qualities and good steam generation.
The depot at Leipzig Hauptbahnhof Süd was the home stable for the new Saxonia. On 8 April 1989 she led the impressive parade of locomotives at Riesa to celebrate the opening of the Germany's first long-distance railway.
The locomotive is owned today by the DB Museum at Nuremberg. It underwent a full inspection in 2008 at the Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works and is still fully operational.
See also
Royal Saxon State Railways
List of Saxon locomotives and railbuses
Leipzig–Dresden Railway Company
Footnotes and references
Sources
Individual locomotives of Germany
Early steam locomotives
LDE – Saxonia
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Railway locomotives introduced in 1838
Passenger locomotives
James Gossland (born 6 September 1860 in Glasgow) was a Scottish footballer, who played for Dennistoun, Alexandra Athletic, Rangers and the Scotland national team.
After spells at Dennistoun and Alexandra Athletic, the latter for whom he also served as general secretary, he joined Rangers in 1882. During his time at Rangers, he won his only cap for Scotland, and scored twice in 5–0 win over Ireland on 26 January 1884. In 1885, he was appointed as Rangers' match secretary and continued to feature intermittently in the first team until 1889. He had the honour of being the first person to score in the British Home Championship.
Gossland died in East Transvaal, South Africa, around November 1944.
References
External links
1860 births
1944 deaths
Scottish footballers
Scotland international footballers
Rangers F.C. players
Rangers F.C. non-playing staff
Association football forwards
Footballers from Glasgow
Date of death missing
Scottish expatriates in South Africa
Scottish football managers
Each of the 50 states of the United States of America plus several of its territories and the District of Columbia issued individual passenger license plates for 2020.
Passenger baseplates
Non-passenger plates
See also
Antique vehicle registration
Electronic license plate
Motor vehicle registration
Vehicle license
References
External links
2021 in the United States
2021
This is a list of Gujarati language films that were released in 2020. On 15 March 2020, all theatres in Gujarat were ordered to be closed following COVID-19 pandemic. They were reopened in October 2020.
Box-office collection
January–March
On 15 March 2020, all theatres in Gujarat were ordered to be closed following COVID-19 pandemic.
November–December
References
External links
List of Gujarati films of 2020 at the Internet Movie Database
2020
Gujarati
Gujarati
2020s in Gujarat
Norway competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. Since the nation's debut in 1900, Norwegian athletes have appeared in every edition of the Summer Olympic Games, except for two occasions: the 1904 Summer Olympics in St. Louis and the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, due to the country's support for the United States-led boycott.
Norwegian Olympic Committee and Confederation of Sports sent a team of 62 athletes, 29 men and 33 women, to compete in 13 sports at the Games. For only the fourth time in Olympic history, the Norwegian roster featured more female athletes than males, due to the participation of the women's handball squad at the Games, returning as two-time defending champions. Among the sports, Norway made its debut in golf (new to the 2016 Games) and triathlon, as well as returning to taekwondo after not being represented at London 2012.
Topping the list of athletes on the Norwegian roster were mountain biker and Athens 2004 champion Gunn-Rita Dahle Flesjå, who qualified for her fifth Olympic cross-country race as the oldest and most experienced female competitor (aged 43), and rowing legend Olaf Tufte, who sought to add to his medal tally with a fourth medal at his sixth straight Olympics.
Apart from Flesjå and Tufte, several Norwegian athletes also returned to compete in Rio de Janeiro, including handball team captain Kari Aalvik Grimsbø, middle-distance runner Henrik Ingebrigtsen in the men's 1500 m, Gambian-born sprinter Jaysuma Saidy Ndure, and small-bore rifle shooter and London 2012 finalist Ole-Kristian Bryhn, who was nominated by the committee to lead the delegation as the flag bearer in the opening ceremony.
Norway left Rio de Janeiro with four bronze medals, the country's worst Olympic performance since 1964, and the first time Norway competed without winning any gold medals since 1984. Greco-Roman wrestler Stig André Berge brought home the country's first medal in the sport after 24 years, while Tufte successfully completed a full set of medals by securing a bronze alongside his partner Kjetil Borch in the men's double sculls, following his silver from Sydney 2000, and two golds in the single sculls from Athens 2004 and Beijing 2008, respectively. Having entered the Games as two-time defending champions, the women's handball squad (led by Grimsbø) suffered a humiliating 37–38 defeat to Russia in the semifinals, but found some solace in overpowering the Dutch for the bronze.
Medalists
| width="65%" align="left" valign="top" |
| style="text-align:left; width:22%; vertical-align:top;"|
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games. Note that reserves in handball are not counted as athletes:
| width=78% align=left valign=top |
Archery
One Norwegian archer has qualified for the men's individual recurve at the Olympics by virtue of a top five national finish at the 2016 Archery World Cup meet in Antalya, Turkey.
Athletics
Norwegian athletes have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following athletics events (up to a maximum of 3 athletes in each event):
On May 30, 2016, race walker Håvard Haukenes and long-distance runner Karoline Bjerkeli Grøvdal were the first Norwegian athletes in track and field to be officially selected to the Olympic roster. Two-time Olympian Erik Tysse, marathon runner Sondre Nordstad Moen, and discus thrower Sven Martin Skagestad were named as part of the second batch of nominated athletes on June 19, 2016. Eleven further athletes rounded out the track and field lineup for the Games on July 15, 2016.
Track & road events
Men
Women
Field events
Cycling
Road
Norwegian riders qualified for five quota places in the men's Olympic road race by virtue of their top 15 national finish in the 2015 UCI World Tour. One additional spot was awarded to the Norwegian cyclist in the women's road race by virtue of her top 100 individual placement in the 2016 UCI World Rankings.
Mountain biking
Norway has qualified one mountain biker for the women's Olympic cross-country race, as a result of her nation's tenth-place finish in the UCI Olympic Ranking List of May 25, 2016.
BMX
Norwegian riders qualified for one man's quota place for BMX at the Olympics, as a result of the nation's top four finish in the UCI BMX Individual Ranking List of May 31, 2016. BMX rider Tore Navrestad were named as part of the second batch of nominated athletes to the Olympic roster on June 19, 2016.
Golf
Norway has entered three golfers into the Olympic tournament. Espen Kofstad (world no. 291), Suzann Pettersen (world no. 18), and Marianne Skarpnord (world no. 155) qualified directly among the top 60 eligible players for their respective individual events based on the IGF World Rankings as of 11 July 2016.
Gymnastics
Artistic
Norway has entered one artistic gymnast into the Olympic competition for the first time since 2000. Stian Skjerahaug had claimed his Olympic spot in the men's apparatus and all-around events at the Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro.
Men
Handball
Summary
Women's tournament
The Norwegian women's handball team qualified for the Olympics by winning the 2015 World Championships in Denmark.
Team roster
Group play
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Bronze medal match
Rowing
Norway has qualified three boats for each of the following rowing classes into the Olympic regatta. Two rowing crews had confirmed Olympic places for their boats each in the men's single sculls and men's pair at the 2015 FISA World Championships in Lac d'Aiguebelette, France, while the men's double sculls rowers had added one more boat to the Norwegian roster as a result of their top two finish at the 2016 European & Final Qualification Regatta in Lucerne, Switzerland. The rowing team was named as part of the first batch of nominated athletes to the Olympic roster on May 30, 2016.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); FE=Final E (non-medal); FF=Final F (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; SE/F=Semifinals E/F; QF=Quarterfinals; R=Repechage
Sailing
Norwegian sailors have qualified one boat in each of the following classes through the 2014 ISAF Sailing World Championships, the individual fleet Worlds, and European qualifying regattas.
On May 30, 2016, returning Olympian Kristian Ruth (Laser), along with Finn yachtsman Anders Pedersen and skiff sisters Ragna and Maia Agerup, were the first Norwegian sailors to be officially selected to the Olympic roster. Meanwhile, windsurfer Maria Mollestad and Laser Radial sailor Tiril Bue rounded out the crew selection as part of the second batch of nominated athletes on June 19, 2016.
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Shooting
Norwegian shooters have achieved quota places for the following events by virtue of their best finishes at the 2014 and 2015 ISSF World Championships, the 2015 ISSF World Cup series, and European Championships or Games, as long as they obtained a minimum qualifying score (MQS) by March 31, 2016. Two-time Olympian Are Hansen, along with returnees Odd Arne Brekne, Ole Kristian Bryhn, and Malin Westerheim from London 2012, were named to the Olympic roster at the Munich leg of the ISSF World Cup series on June 1, 2016.
Qualification Legend: Q = Qualify for the next round; q = Qualify for the bronze medal (shotgun)
Swimming
Norwegian swimmers have so far achieved qualifying standards in the following events (up to a maximum of 2 swimmers in each event at the Olympic Qualifying Time (OQT), and potentially 1 at the Olympic Selection Time (OST)):
Taekwondo
Norway entered one athlete into the taekwondo competition at the Olympics. Tina Skaar secured a place in the women's heavyweight category (+67 kg) by virtue of her top two finish at the 2016 European Qualification Tournament in Istanbul, Turkey.
Triathlon
Norway has entered one triathlete to compete at the Games. Kristian Blummenfelt was ranked among the top 43 eligible triathletes in the men's event based on the ITU Olympic Qualification List as of May 15, 2016.
Wrestling
Norway has qualified two wrestlers for each of the following weight classes into the Olympic competition. One of them had claimed an Olympic spot in the men's Greco-Roman 59 kg with his semifinal triumph at the initial meet of the World Qualification Tournament in Ulaanbaatar, while the other did the same feat in the women's freestyle 69 kg at the final meet in Istanbul.
Men's Greco-Roman
Women's freestyle
See also
Norway at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
References
External links
Olympics
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016
Solon Springs Municipal Airport is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Solon Springs, in Douglas County, Wisconsin, United States. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2021–2025, in which it is categorized as a basic general aviation facility.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this facility is assigned OLG by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft
Solon Springs Municipal Airport covers an area of 128 acres (52 ha) at an elevation of 1,102 feet (336 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 1/19 with an asphalt surface measuring 3,099 by 60 feet (945 x 18 m), with an approved GPS approach. It also has one heliport with an asphalt surface measuring 40 by 40 feet.
For the 12-month period ending July 29, 2021, the airport had 4,525 aircraft operations, an average of 12 per day: 99% general aviation and less than 1% air taxi. In July 2022, there were 15 aircraft based at this airport: all 15 single-engine.
References
External links
Solon Springs Municipal Airport
at Wisconsin DOT Airport Directory
Airports in Wisconsin
Transportation in Douglas County, Wisconsin
The Bolivian tapaculo (Scytalopus bolivianus) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Bolivian tapaculo was formerly considered a subspecies of rufous-vented tapaculo (Scytalopus femoralis) but was separated based principally on differences in their vocalizations.
Description
The Bolivian tapaculo is long. Males weigh and one female weighed . The male is mostly dark gray with reddish brown flanks, vent, and crissum (the area around the cloaca). It has a variable amount of white on the crown of the head. The female is paler gray washed with brown above with a black-barred brown belly. The juvenile is similar to the female.
Distribution and habitat
The Bolivian tapaculo is found from Puno Province in southeastern Peru into Bolivia as far as Chuquisaca Department. It inhabits dense undergrowth in humid broadleaf forest. Its primary elevational range is but it can be found as high as in a few locations.
Behavior
No information is available on the Bolivian tapaculo's feeding or breeding phenologies. Its song is a trill up to 15 seconds long and its alarm call is rendered "kekekeke" . The female is thought to utter a high-pitched "brzk" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Bolivian tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. Though its population number is not known and is thought to be decreasing, it does not meet the critera for a more critical rating. It does occur in some national parks and preserves.
References
Bolivian tapaculo
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
Bolivian tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Michael W. Deem is an American engineer, scientist, inventor, and entrepreneur. Deem received his B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology in 1991 and his Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley in 1994. His thesis research was in statistical mechanics and disordered materials with David Chandler. He did postdoctoral research at Harvard University in Physics with David R. Nelson. Deem joined the faculty at University of California, Los Angeles, in 1996 and rose to the rank of Associate Professor of Chemical Engineering. From 2002 to 2020 Deem was the John W. Cox Professor of Biochemical and Genetic Engineering and Professor of Physics & Astronomy at Rice University in Houston, Texas. Deem was the founding director of the Graduate Program in Systems, Synthetic, and Physical Biology at Rice University, 2012-2014. From 2014 to 2017, Deem served as the Chair of the Bioengineering Department at Rice University.
Deem has been elected Fellow to the American Physical Society, the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the Biomedical Engineering Society. He is a recipient of numerous awards, including a National Science Foundation CAREER Award (1997), Top 100 Young Innovator by the MIT Technology Review (1999), Alfred P. Sloan Fellow (2000) (2000), Camille Dreyfus Teacher-Scholar Award (2002), Allan P. Colburn Award of the AIChE (2004), Professional Progress Award of the AIChE (2010), Edith and Peter O'Donnell Award of TAMEST, Visiting Scholar of Phi Beta Kappa (2012-2013), and Donald W. Breck Award in Molecular Sieve Science from the International Zeolite Association (2019).
Deem is known for work in evolution, vaccines and immunology, parallel tempering and statistical mechanics, and materials. He has developed methods to quantify vaccine effectiveness and antigenic distance for influenza, methods to sculpt the immune system to mitigate immunodominance in dengue fever, a physical theory of the competition that allows HIV to escape from the immune system, an exact solution of a quasispecies theory of evolution that accounts for cross-species genetic exchange, a hierarchical approach to protein molecular evolution, a `thermodynamic' formulation of evolution, a theory for how biological modularity spontaneously arises in an evolving system, and elucidated how static and dynamic measures of human brain connectivity predict complementary aspects of human cognitive performance. In the materials field, he developed the widely-used DIFFAX and ZEFSA methods for zeolites. He developed a database of hypothetical zeolite frameworks that contains greater than 4 million structures. He developed methods to design structure directing agents for zeolites, leading to among other results the first synthesis of a pure chiral zeolite enantiomorph.
From 2008 to 2010, Deem was an academic adviser to He Jiankui, the controversial scientist who was involved with the Jiankui affair related to gene-edited babies.
In November 2018, Rice University announced it would open a 'full investigation' into Deem's involvement in that project.
See also
Evidence of common descent
References
External links
Michael Deem's LinkedIn Page
Michael Deem's Research Page
American biochemists
Living people
California Institute of Technology alumni
UC Berkeley College of Chemistry alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
De Witt Clinton Badger (August 7, 1858 – May 20, 1926) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio and the 36th mayor of Columbus, Ohio.
Born near London, Ohio, Badger attended the country schools in Madison County and Mount Union College, Alliance, Ohio.
He taught school from 1875 to 1880.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1881 and commenced practice in London, Ohio.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Madison County 1882–1885.
He moved to Columbus, Ohio, and was elected judge of the court of common pleas in 1893.
He was reelected in 1897 and served until 1903, when he resigned, having been elected to Congress.
Badger was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1903 – March 3, 1905).
He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1904.
He resumed the practice of law in Columbus, Ohio.
He served as the 36th mayor of Columbus (January 1, 1906 – 1908).
He died in Columbus, Ohio, May 20, 1926.
He was interred at Green Lawn Cemetery in Columbus, Ohio.
Badger married Sidney Slaughter, and had children named Clinton and Minnie.
Sources
External links
De Witt C. Badger at Political Graveyard
1858 births
1926 deaths
People from London, Ohio
University of Mount Union alumni
Mayors of Columbus, Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
Educators from Ohio
Benjamin Jones (April 13, 1787 – April 24, 1861) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for two terms from 1833 to 1837.
Biography
Born in Winchester, Virginia, Jones moved with his parents to Washington, Pennsylvania.
He received a limited schooling. He learned the trade of cabinetmaking. He moved to Wooster, Ohio, in 1812 and engaged in mercantile pursuits. He was a Justice of the Peace in 1815, and commissioner for Wayne County in 1818. He served in the Ohio House of Representatives in 1821–1822, and in the Ohio Senate from 1829 to 1832. Ohio Presidential elector in 1828 for Andrew Jackson.
Congress
Jones was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Congresses (March 4, 1833 – March 3, 1837). He served as chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Department of War in the Twenty-fourth Congress. He was not a candidate for renomination.
Later career and death
He resumed business interests in Wooster, and died there April 24, 1861. He was interred in Oak Hill Cemetery.
Sources
1787 births
1861 deaths
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
Politicians from Winchester, Virginia
People from Wooster, Ohio
1828 United States presidential electors
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Christian Volesky (born September 15, 1992) is an American soccer player who plays as a forward for Monterey Bay in the USL Championship.
College and amateur
Volesky played four years of college soccer, spending one year at the University of Denver and three years at SIU Edwardsville. While at college, Volesky appeared for USL PDL club FC Tucson during their 2014 season.
Volesky played four years at Foothill High School in Henderson, NV.
Club career
Volesky was named the 2015 MLS Combine Most Valuable Player after registering two goals in three games and finishing first in agility, 5–10–5, and second in the 30 meter sprint.
On January 15, 2015, Volesky was selected 32nd overall in the 2015 MLS SuperDraft by Portland Timbers. However, he did not sign with the club.
Rochester Rhinos
Volesky joined USL club Rochester Rhinos on March 24, 2015. Volesky helped lead the Rhinos to a 19-game unbeaten streak and the 2015 USL Championship. Volesky led the team in goals, with eight, and points, with 19, while also claiming three assists his rookie season. In his second season with the Rhinos, Volesky, again led the team with ten goals and twelve goals in all competitions, while adding four assists.
On January 9, 2017, Volesky's MLS rights were traded to Sporting Kansas City from Portland Timbers.
Saint Louis FC
On March 6, 2017, Saint Louis FC announced that they had signed Christian Volesky. Volesky was the club's leading scorer for the 2017 season.
Pittsburgh Riverhounds
After spending most of the 2018 season with USL side Oklahoma City Energy, Volesky joined Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC on February 7, 2019. Volesky scored his first goal for Pittsburgh on April 27, 2019 during a 2-2 draw against Nashville SC.
Colorado Springs Switchbacks
On January 8, 2020, Volesky made the move to USL Championship side Colorado Springs Switchbacks.
Keflavík
On April 9, 2021, Volesky moved to Icelandic Úrvalsdeild side Keflavík.
Monterey Bay
Volesky signed with USL Championship side Monterey Bay on February 2, 2022, ahead of their inaugural season. Volesky earned his first start for Monterey Bay on April 30, 2022, during a 6-0 road loss against San Antonio FC. On June 11, 2022, Volesky scored his first goal for Monterey Bay during a 3-2 loss to San Antonio FC.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football forwards
Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC players
Denver Pioneers men's soccer players
FC Tucson players
OKC Energy FC players
People from Henderson, Nevada
Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC players
Portland Timbers draft picks
Rochester New York FC players
Saint Louis FC players
SIU Edwardsville Cougars men's soccer players
Soccer players from Nevada
Sporting Kansas City players
Sportspeople from the Las Vegas Valley
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
American expatriate soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
Knattspyrnudeild Keflavík players
Monterey Bay FC players
The Beauty of the Moment is a 2019 novel written by Tanaz Bhathena. The novel was nominated for the 2020 White Pine Award.
Plot summary
Susan Thomas has emigrated from Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, and has recently moved to Mississauga, Ontario. Susan is passionate about art, but she knows that her parents expect her to pursue a career as a doctor or an engineer and that they would not allow her to attend art school.
Reception
The book has been reviewed by The Globe and Mail, Kirkus Reviews, and Quill & Quire.
See also
A Girl Like That (novel)
Hunted by the Sky
References
External links
2019 Canadian novels
Novels set in Ontario
Mississauga in fiction
Canadian young adult novels
Books by Tanaz Bhathena
Farrar, Straus and Giroux books
Sulphur Passage Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located in the central part of the Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. It is located around Obstruction Island to the northeast of Flores Island. The eponymous Sulphur Passage is located on the east side Obstruction Island.
See also
Clayoquot Sound Biosphere Reserve
References
Clayoquot Sound region
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1995
1995 establishments in British Columbia
Leigh railway station is on the Redhill to Tonbridge Line and serves Leigh in Kent, England. It is measured from via . Train services are operated by Southern.
History
The station was opened as "Leigh Halt" in 1911; was renamed "Lyghe Halt" in 1917; "Leigh Halt" again about 1960; and "Leigh" in 1969. (Leigh is pronounced (lie)—identical with the name of Lye railway station in the West Midlands.). The station was destaffed in 1967.
In 1993 the line was electrified and services started to run through to London rather than being an extension of the Reading to Tonbridge North Downs Line service.
In 2007, a PERTIS machine was installed at the street entrance to the Tonbridge-bound platform (since replaced by a modern ticket machine). The station was until December 2008 operated by Southeastern before it transferred to Southern, whose green signage was installed before October 2008.
Facilities and Connections
Leigh station is unstaffed and facilities are limited. Tickets can be purchased from the self-service ticket machine at the station and there are passenger help points located on each platform. There is also a basic shelter located on each platform. The station has step free access available to both platforms.
The station is served Monday-Saturday by the Autocar route 210 which provides connections to Tonbridge and Chiddingstone Causeway.
Services
All services at Leigh are operated by Southern using Class 377 EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to
1 tph to
Services increase to 2 tph in each direction during the peak hours.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Sevenoaks District
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1911
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
1911 establishments in England
Peter A. Bruck (born 1950 in Vienna) is CEO and Chief Researcher of the Research Studios Austria Forschungsgesellschaft mbH and founder of the spin-off KnowledgeFox. Bruck is also honorary President of the ICNM-International Center for New Media, Salzburg, which selects and promotes best practice in ICT applications and multimedia contents nationally in Austria, at the European level and globally under auspices of the United Nations. Chairman of the Board the European Academy of Digital Media-EADiM, Netherlands, Chairman of the Board of Directors the World Summit Award within the framework of the United Nations process of the World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS) and President of the European Academy of MicroLearning (Austria)
Biography
Studies and early Research
He studied jurisprudence, Social sciences and economics at the University of Vienna. As a Fulbright Scholar he completed as Master of Arts in sociology (University of Iowa). Graduate Studies and Humanities Fellow (PH.D in communication) at the McGill University, Montreal finished his academic education.
Management and Research
He has been professor at Carleton University, Ottawa, and professor pro temp. at the University of Salzburg. Bruck has founded and served as the Director of the Centre for Communication, Culture and Society at Carleton University (1985–1990) and has been senior consulting partner in ICRA - International Communications Research Associates, Ottawa, Canada (1987–1995). In Europe, he headed the international Research Program in Economy and Future of the Print Media initiated by the Austrian Association of Newspaper Publishers and funded by the Ministry for Science and Research (1990–1993).
As Academic Director, Bruck founded the University Applied Arts and Sciences for Telecommunication, Multimedia and Information Management in Salzburg (1995–1998) and started in 1996 Salzburg Research Forschungsgesellschaft m.b.H., the official research organisation of the State of Salzburg in 1998. Bruck was CEO and served as Head of Research till January 2001. From 2002 to 2008, he was a general manager of the Research Studios Austria, (Department of the Austrian Research Centers).
Bruck has been appointed Honorary Professor of Information Economy and New Technologies at the Institute of Economics, Faculty of Law, at the University of Salzburg (since 1994) and Adjunct Research Professor of Communication at Carleton University, Ottawa, Canada (since 1993).
Since 1996, Bruck initiated a number of activities to develop best practice in new media and e-content including the Austrian State Prize for Multimedia and e-Business, the Europrix MultiMediaArt, the leading contest for the selection and promotion of e-content creation in Europe, and the United Nations World Summit Award on e-content and creativity with participation from 168 countries.
Bruck was awarded the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art in 2005.
Current Research
The research interests of Peter A. Bruck are currently focused on the development of new communication technologies and information structures and the resulting changes in business processes, business, culture and society. One special focus is the research on microlearning and mobile learning in the context of digital media as well as gamification of learning.
Bibliography
Bruck has published and edited over 40 books and research reports and numerous scholarly as well as professional articles in the fields of communication and new media studies, media and information economics, telecommunication development, organisational study and sociology. He has produced radio and video documentaries, TV events, a number of multimedia publications and over the last eight years a series of yearly CD-ROMs and DVDs on the best European multimedia products.
A Proxy for Knowledge: Arms Control, Verification and the News Media. (Editor & Author) Carleton University International Proceedings, Ottawa, 1988. pp 230.
News Media and Terrorism. CCCS Publications, Ottawa, 1988. pp 100.
Communication For and Against Democracy (Editor & Author with Marc Raboy). Montreal: Black Rose Books, 1989. pp 252.
Medien im Krieg - Die zugespitzte Normalität. (Hg.) Salzburg: Österreichische Gesellschaft für Kommunikationsfragen, 1991. pp 88.
Das Österreichische Format: Kulturkritische Beiträge zur Analyse des Medienerfolges Neue Kronen Zeitung. (Hg. und Author) Vienna: Edition Atelier, 1991. pp 256.
Die Mozart Krone: Zur Empörung eines Boulevardblattes und der medialen Konstruktion eines Kulturkampfes. (Hg. und Autor) Vienna/St. Johann: Österreichischer Kunst und Kulturverlag, 1991. pp 159.
Werbeboom und Medien - Zur Krise am Werbemarkt, eine medienökonomische Bewertung. Vienna: Verlag Buchkultur, 1993. pp 246.
Medienmanager Staat - Von den Versuchen des Staates, Medienvielfalt zu ermöglichen. Medienpolitik im internationalen Vergleich. (Hg. und Autor) München: Verlag R. Fischer, 1994. pp 658.
Print unter Druck - Zeitungsverlage auf Innovationskurs. Verlagsmanagement im internationalen Vergleich. (Hg. und Autor) München: Verlag R. Fischer, 1994. pp 618.
Ökonomie und Zukunft der Printmedien - Neue Chancen für Verlagsmanagement und Medienpolitik. Vienna: Österreichischer Kunst- und Kulturverlag, 1994. pp 234.
Digitales Österreich - Informationshighway: Initiativen, Projekte, Entwicklungen. (mit Andrea Mulrenin). Innsbruck – Vienna: Studienverlag, 1995.
Die ganz normale Vielfältigkeit des Lesens. (mit Günther Stocker). Opladen: Westdeutscher Verlag, 1996.
Strategische Entwicklungen für die Europäische Verlagsindustrie im Hinblick auf das Jahr 2000. (gemeinsam mit Thomas Baubin). Studie von Andersen Consulting und Ienm im Auftrag der Europäischen Kommission (1996).
Österreichs Content Industry. Bestandsaufnahme und Marktstrategien. (mit Hannes Selhofer). Vienna: Buchkultur, 1997. pp 144.
Schulen am Netz. Innovative Projekte in Österreich. (Hrsg.) (mit Günther Stocker)Vienna: Hölder-Pichler-Tempsky, 1997. pp 208.
X-ROM. Multimediaproduktion mit Kindern und Jugendlichen. (Hgs. mit Guntram Geser). Innsbruck/Vienna: Studienverlag, 1999.
Schulen auf dem Weg in die Informationsgesellschaft. (mit Guntram Geser). Innsbruck/Vienna: StudienVerlag, 2000.
Understanding the European Content Industries. A Reader on the Economic and Cultural Contexts of Multimedia. (Editor & Author) Amsterdam/Berlin/ Oxford/Tokyo/Washington DC: IOS Press, 2002
EUROPRIX Top Talents. The Book on Innovation in Multimedia. Vienna: Österreichischer Kunst und Kulturverlag, 2003
Der österreichische Multimedia und e-Business Guide. Vienna: Bundesministerium für Wirtschaft und Arbeit gemeinsam mit Wirtschaftskammer Österreich, 2001, 2002, 2003.
E-Content - Voices from the ground. Market Condition and Creative Developments in 30 countries (with Osama Maznar). Digital Empowerment Foundation, New Delhi, India, 2003
High Performance Multimedia: content technologies and market needs. Amsterdam/Berlin/ Oxford/Tokyo/Washington DC: IOS Press, (2005)
E-Content. Technologies and Perspectives for the European Market. (Editor) Springer-Verlag GmbH & Co. KG Berlin Heidelberg in cooperation with Springer-Verlag New York Inc. and Springer-Verlag Tokyo Inc. (2005)
Microlearning: Emerging Concepts, Practices and Technologies. (Editor with Hug, T., Lindner, M.) Innsbruck University Press, Innsbruck, Austria (2006)
Micromedia & eLearning 2.0: Gaining the big picture. (Editor with Hug, T., Lindner, M.) Innsbruck University Press, Innsbruck, Austria (2007)
Microlearning & Capacity-building. (Editor with Lindner, M.) Innsbruck University Press, Innsbruck, Austria (2008)
References
External links
Website Peter A. Bruck
1950 births
Scientists from Vienna
Living people
Austrian computer scientists
Recipients of the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art
Evgenij Petkov Ermenkov (; born 29 September 1949) is a Bulgarian chess player. FIDE awarded him the titles International Master, in 1974, and Grandmaster in 1977. Ermenkov represented Palestine from October 2003 to December 2010.
Ermenkov won the Bulgarian championship in 1973, 1975 (after a play-off), 1976, 1979 (after a play-off) and 1984 (jointly).
In international competition, he has had many tournament victories, including Albena 1977 (and 1979), Plovdiv 1978 (and 1979), Varna 1986, Dieren 1990 (Open Dutch Championship), Beirut 2004 and Imperia 2005.
He has a long and illustrious career in team chess, beginning at the World Student Olympiad of 1972, where he represented his country of birth. Graduating to the full Bulgarian men's team, he first played at the European Team Chess Championship in 1977 (Moscow) and won an individual bronze medal in 1983 (Plovdiv). At the Chess Olympiad, he represented Bulgaria from 1978 to 1992, taking individual bronze in 1990.
From 1992, there was a break from team chess which lasted twelve years, during which time he switched his place of residence and chess registration to Palestine. Playing for his adopted nation in the Olympiad from 2004 to 2008, he won the gold medal at Calvià 2004 for the best result on (87.5%, 10½/12) and at Turin 2006, the silver medal (85%, 8½/10, again on top board).
References
External links
Evgenij Ermenkov games and profile at Chess-DB.com
1949 births
Living people
Chess grandmasters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Bulgarian chess players
Palestinian chess players
The Hawaii Public Utilities Commission (HPUC) is a public utilities commission, a quasi-judicial tribunal, which regulates public service companies operating in the U.S. state of Hawaii.
In 2017 HPUC authorized smart inverters to increase grid stability.
References
External links
Hawaii Public Utilities Commission Website
Hawaii
State agencies of Hawaii
Edward Ernest Bowen (30 March 1836 – 8 April 1901) was an influential schoolmaster at Harrow School from 1859 until his death, and the author of the Harrow school song, "Forty Years On".
Biography
Edward Bowen was born in Glenmore, County Wicklow, Ireland; his elder brother was Charles Bowen, a well-known judge. He was educated at Blackheath Proprietary School and King's College, London before entering Trinity College, Cambridge. He was appointed an assistant master at Marlborough College in 1858, and moved to Harrow in 1859.
As a schoolmaster, Bowen believed that boys must be interested in his lessons and at ease with him. This was in contrast with the grave formality typical of the Victorian era. He was the founder of the "modern side" at Harrow, which gave prominence to subjects other than Latin and Greek.
Bowen was also an enthusiastic sportsman and pedestrian. As a Cambridge undergraduate he walked the 90 miles from Cambridge to Oxford in 26 hours; at Harrow, he was the first master to identify himself thoroughly with sports and games; and he was involved in the establishment of the English Football Association, also playing in and winning the first FA Cup Final in 1872 and winning the trophy again in 1873 with Wanderers F.C. Bowen also played one English County Cricket match for Hampshire, in 1864, but was dismissed for a duck both times.
Bowen is perhaps best remembered as the author of the Harrow school song, "Forty Years On", which is still sung today, and to which an extra verse was later added in honour of Winston Churchill. He also wrote many other Harrow School songs along with the then Master in Charge of Music, many of which are sung by the school to this day at occasions known as songs every term. While at Harrow, he was housemaster of The Grove boarding house.
He died at Moux, Côte-d'Or, France. Cyril Norwood said of him that he had "kept the eternal boy alive within his own breast to the very end".
References
External links
1836 births
1901 deaths
Alumni of King's College London
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Association football forwards
England v Scotland representative footballers (1870–1872)
English cricketers
FA Cup Final players
Hampshire cricketers
Irish association footballers (before 1923)
Irish cricketers
People educated at Blackheath Proprietary School
People from Blessington
Schoolteachers from London
Wanderers F.C. players
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1998 season.
Overview
Royal Dolphins won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
Woodchuck Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Newport in Herkimer County, east of Newport.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Christian Colquhoun is a mechanical designer who has navigated his career into toy design, prop design and construction, special effects, mechanical effects makeup, and miniatures for motion pictures, television, and other forms of media, working for Mattel, Boss Film, Stetson Visual Services, New Deal Studios, Industrial Model and Design, and Stan Winston Studios.
He served as a mechanical designer on MouseHunt and Small Soldiers, puppeteer and effects supervisor on Inspector Gadget, animatronic effects supervisor on Galaxy Quest, and weapons designer for Van Helsing and Firefly.
Additional film work of Colquhoun's includes RoboCop, Resident Evil: Extinction, Live Free or Die Hard, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events, Minority Report, Team America: World Police, The Island, True Lies, Toys, Hook, Interview with the Vampire, The Hunt for Red October, The Lost World: Jurassic Park, and Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
References
American animators
Animatronic engineers
Living people
Mechanical designers (mecha)
Special effects people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lasionycta staudingeri is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It can be found from Oppland to Finland and Norway in Europe, as well as Siberia and North America.
The species is diurnal and flies over dry scree tundra.
The wingspan is 21–27 mm. The moths fly from June to July.
The larvae feed on Taraxacum and Empetrum species.
Subspecies
Lasionycta staudingeri staudingeri (Eurasia)
Lasionycta staudingeri preblei (across northern North America from Baffi n Island to western Alaska and southward to 60° North. Its range extends into northeastern Siberia at least as far as the Kolyma River)
External links
A Revision of Lasionycta Aurivillius (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae) for North America and notes on Eurasian species, with descriptions of 17 new species, 6 new subspecies, a new genus, and two new species of Tricholita Grote
Lasionycta
Moths of North America
Moths of Europe
Insects of the Arctic
Moths described in 1891
Hornet Peak () is a sharp peak west of Snøhetta Dome, near the south end of Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (1959–52) and from air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Hornet (the horn). Confusingly, it is located only a few kilometres from its near-namesake, Horten Peak.
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Denis William Arthur Vann (21 November 1916 – 20 January 1961) was an English cricketer. Vann was a right-handed batsman whose bowling style is unknown. He was born at Northampton, Northamptonshire.
Vann made his first-class debut for Northamptonshire against Warwickshire in the 1936 County Championship. He made three further first-class appearances for the county the following season against Nottinghamshire, Cambridge University and Worcestershire. In his four first-class matches, he scored 47 runs at an average of 7.83, with a high score of 16. With the ball, he took 2 wickets at a bowling average of 52.00, with best figures of 2/26.
He died at Kettering, Northamptonshire on 20 January 1961.
References
External links
Denis Vann at ESPNcricinfo
Denis Vann at CricketArchive
1916 births
1961 deaths
Cricketers from Northampton
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Matthew Crosby (born 12 February 1980) is an English comedian and writer.
Early life
Matthew Crosby was born in Bromley. He attended St Olave's Grammar School., and went on to study English and American Literature with Film Studies at the University of Kent at Canterbury, where he met Tom Parry and Brendan Dodds.
Biography
Crosby was originally a teacher but left the profession to try comedy in 2004. He has since performed stand-up and sketch comedy all over the world, and was a semi-finalist for the BBC New Act 2005. He compares at several comedy venues including the Horsebridge Comedy Club in Whitstable. Crosby is a founding member of sketch team Pappy's, formerly known as Pappy's Fun Club.
In August 2006 Crosby performed at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in two shows: the Comedy Bucket, a stand-up showcase, and Pappy's Fun Club. In August 2007 the Edinburgh run of Pappy's Fun Club was nominated for an if.comedy award, formerly known as the Perrier award.
Crosby is a keen archer and was employed to fire the arrows in the remake of the Strongbow Cider advert.
Crosby performed stand-up as part of the Leicester Comedy Festival in 2007 and 2008. He also performed during the Melbourne International Comedy Festival in 2008.
As part of Pappy's Fun Club, Crosby returned to the Edinburgh Fringe with Funergy in 2008, World Record Attempt: 200 Sketches in an Hour in 2009, All Business in 2010, and Last Show Ever in 2012. Each show was followed by a tour of the UK.
Crosby was a regular contributor to comedy podcast Answer Me This!, playing various characters in jingles and sketches.
Crosby took his debut solo stand-up show, Adventure Party, to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2011, where it received a number of 4* reviews.
Crosby is co-creator of the BBC Three sitcom Badults which ran for two series.
In 2015 Crosby took another solo hour show to Edinburgh called Smaller Than Life. The show notably included a semi-naked impression of Vladimir Putin. He co-devised and co-wrote the comedy panel show Hypothetical for UK TV channel Dave.
In June 2019, Crosby launched a new Sunday morning show on Radio X with fellow comedian, Ed Gamble, produced by Vinay Joshi. The pair quickly became affectionately known as Crunch and Crumble.
Crosby currently lives in Beckenham, south-east London with his wife and two children.
Television appearances
Weekend At Alan's (1989)
Meet the Parents – Channel 4 (2010)
Trinny and Susannah – From Boom to Bust – Channel 4 (2010)
Girl Friday – Channel 4
TNT Show – Channel 4
Ed and Oucho Transmission Impossible – BBC Two
Winging It – BBC Two
Comedy Cuts Series 3: Pappy's Fun Club Tough Gig – ITV2
Comedy Lab: Pappy's Fun Club – Channel 4
The Culture Show – BBC Two
Ed and Oucho – CBBC
Comedy Cuts – ITV 2
Comedy Shuffle – BBC Three
Malcolm in Space – BBC Two
8 Out of 10 Cats – Channel 4 (3 August 2011)
Never Mind the Buzzcocks – BBC Two (21 November 2011)
Hi Pals, I'm Up Next! – BBC One
Animal Antics – BBC One
Badults – BBC Three (2013)
Great Movie Mistakes – BBC Three (December 2013)
8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown – Channel 4 (18 July 2014)
Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled – Dave (February 2015)
The Dog Ate My Homework – CBBC (2015–present)
8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown – Channel 4 (17 February 2017)
Uncle – BBC Three (January 2017)
Ready or Not - BBC One (March–April 2018)
Radio appearances
Matt Forde Show – TalkSport
Jon Richardson Show – BBC 6 Music
MusicHappy Monday's – Pappy's Fun Club – BBC Radio 1
Transatlantic with Andy Zaltzman – BBC Radio 4
Switch with Annie Mac – BBC Radio 1
Weekender – BBC Radio 2
The Sitcom Club – BOGGENSTROVIA PODCAST
28 Acts in 28 Minutes – BBC Radio 4
Josh Widdicombe Show – XFM
So Wrong It's Right – BBC Radio 4
Writing
The King Is Dead – BBC3
World Wide Robert (Pilot) – Channel 4
Dirty Sexy Funny (Series 2) – Comedy Central
Five Hundred Rooms Of Cod - ITV4
Ask Rhod Gilbert – BBC2
The Big Ship – co-written with Stefan Golaszewski
The Kevin Bishop Show (Series 1 and 2) – Channel 4
TNT Show – Channel 4
Rastamouse – CBeebies
The Now Show – BBC Radio 4
References
External links
Matthew Crosby comedy CV
Pappy's official website
English male comedians
English stand-up comedians
Living people
1980 births
People from Bromley
Alumni of the University of Kent
People educated at St Olave's Grammar School
21st-century English comedians
Intimism may refer to:
Intimism (art movement), an artistic movement in the late 19th century and early 20th century
Intimism (poetic movement), a poetic movement that emerged in Slovenia after the end of World War II
The 1951 Rose Bowl was the 37th edition of the college football bowl game, played at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California on Monday, January 1. The ninth-ranked Michigan Wolverines, champions of the Big Ten Conference, defeated the California Golden Bears, champions of the Pacific Coast Conference, 14–6.
Michigan fullback Don Dufek scored two touchdowns in the fourth quarter and was named the Player of the Game. With a record of 9–0–1, the Golden Bears were ranked fourth in the nation.
It was the Big Ten's fifth consecutive win in the Rose Bowl, and California's third straight loss.
Teams
Michigan Wolverines
Michigan upset rival Ohio State 9–3 in the notorious Snow Bowl game, played in of snow in Columbus.
California Golden Bears
This was California's third consecutive trip to the Rose Bowl and were slightly favored. Pete Schabarum broke a 77-yard run on the second play of the game, but a backfield-in-motion penalty nullified the score to stop the Cal momentum.
Scoring
First quarter
No scoring
Second quarter
California - Bob Cummings, 39-yard pass from Jim Marinos (Les Richter kick failed)
Third quarter
No scoring
Fourth quarter
Michigan - Don Dufek, 1-yard run (Harry Allis kick)
Michigan - Dufek, 7-yard run (Allis kick)
Game notes
Chuck Ortmann completed 15 of 19 passes for 146 yards for Michigan and Jim Marinos was 4 for 7 completions for 69 yards for Cal.
This was Michigan's third victory in the Rose Bowl (1902, 1948, 1951) in as many attempts.
California back Pete Schabarum became a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors in 1972.
California's record in the Rose Bowl fell to 2–4–1; their next (and most recent) appearance was eight years away, also a loss.
Aftermath
After this third consecutive loss by California, the Pacific Coast Conference enacted a "no-repeat" rule, similar to the Big Ten's. Future teams affected were UCLA in 1955 and Oregon State in 1958, and both resulted in wins for the Big Ten. With the PCC's dissolution in the spring of 1959, the succeeding AAWU (Big Five) abolished that rule, and Washington won the next two Rose Bowls in 1960 and 1961.
Although Minnesota appeared in consecutive Rose Bowls in 1961 and 1962, (both as "at-large" invitations, the latter after champion Ohio State declined), the Big Ten kept its rule until the early 1970s; the last team affected was Michigan State in 1967, when runner-up Purdue edged unranked USC by a point. The first Big Ten team to make a repeat appearance in the 1970s was Ohio State in 1974, the conference's only win in Pasadena that decade.
References
External links
Summary at Bentley Historical Library, University of Michigan Athletics History
Rose Bowl
Rose Bowl Game
California Golden Bears football bowl games
Michigan Wolverines football bowl games
1951 in sports in California
January 1951 sports events in the United States
The Desert Campaign (1833–1834) was a military campaign in Argentina led by Juan Manuel de Rosas against the indigenous people of the southern Pampas and northern Patagonia. The campaign was later followed by the Conquest of the Desert, which took place in the 1870s and 1880s.
Context
Juan Manuel de Rosas's first term as governor of Buenos Aires ended in 1832. He had defeated the Unitarian League of Argentina. With a lull in the Argentine Civil Wars, Rosas's focus shifted to securing the frontier from the indigenous population. Juan Ramón Balcarce, who succeeded Rosas as governor, allowed him to embark on the military campaign, despite receiving proposals to deny Rosas authorization for it.
Campaign
Harsh terrain played a significant factor in the military campaign, as there were no European settlements on the route Rosas's army travelled, and his force had to transport all of its provisions from Buenos Aires. Because of the remoteness of the theatre, messages had to be relayed between multiple couriers back to the city of Buenos Aires. Additionally, Rosas needed a substantial number of horses, which were difficult to obtain due to the ongoing Argentine Civil Wars.
The campaign spanned from the Atlantic Ocean to the Andes, and had several sections of attack. Félix Aldao from the Mendoza Province attacked the Mapuche in the south of his province and in Neuquen. Ruiz Huidobro, under the command of Facundo Quiroga, faced the Ranqueles in San Luis and Córdoba. Rosas led the section in the Buenos Aires province. Although de Rosas organized the overall campaign, the primary commander in the field was Quiroga. It was expected Chile would contribute additional military support; however, the nation was unable to do so, due to a mutiny against and assassination attempts on Diego Portales. De Rosas's command left Buenos Aires on March 22, 1833.
Rosas divided the indigenous populations into three groups: friends, allies, and enemies. "Friends" were allowed to settle within the territories of the Buenos Aires province, and even on Rosas's farm. "Allies" were allowed to retain their own territories, and remained independent. De Rosas provided both of these groups with cattle and other goods. He personally interviewed the caciques, learning the Puelche language, and would later compile La gramática y diccionario de la lengua Pampa ("Grammar and Dictionary of the Pampa Language").
The "enemies" group, which was composed of Ranquel and Mapuche, refused to negotiate with the Spanish colonial administration, and attacked rural villages and property in raids known as malones.
The Ranquels were led by the famous warrior Yanquetruz, skilled in hit and run tactics.
Rosas led the military campaign against the "enemies" by building upon earlier campaigns by Martín Rodríguez and Bernardino Rivadavia. In doing so, Rosas was able to make much deeper incursions than his predecessors, and destroyed several indigenous settlements. Rosas later claimed his army had killed 3,200 indigenous people during the campaign, captured 1,200 prisoners, and rescued 1,000 captives.
Consequences
Rosas's campaign resulted in a brief period of peace with indigenous communities and brought an end to the malones, until he was ousted at the Battle of Caseros. Despite having been at war with the Argentine forces since 1821, the indigenous population led counter-attacks during the Battle of Caseros. They continued to lose control of their territories, however, and gradually retreated to the south. The final defeat of the indigenous peoples came during the Conquest of the Desert, led by Julio Argentino Roca.
References
Bibliography
Juan Manuel de Rosas
Military campaigns involving Argentina
19th-century colonization of the Americas
Conflicts in 1833
Conflicts in 1834
1833 in Argentina
1834 in Argentina
Mapuche
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter W. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
W
Hagerman Pass, elevation , is a high mountain pass that crosses the continental divide in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States. The pass traverses the Sawatch Range west of Leadville, connecting the headwaters of the Arkansas River on the east with the upper valley of the Fryingpan River above Basalt, in the basin of the Colorado River.
The pass was named for James J. Hagerman, builder of the Colorado Midland Railroad. The Colorado Midland railroad crossed the continental divide through one of two tunnels (initially the Hagerman Tunnel (1887), later the Busk-Ivanhoe Tunnel (1893) at lower altitude) near the top of Hagerman pass. The latter tunnel now serves as a water diversion tunnel draining Ivanhoe Lake on the west side of the pass into the Arkansas River basin.
In 1909, the Shoshone Transmission Line was built to connect a generating station near Glenwood Springs with Leadville and Denver. This historic electric transmission line has been modernized several times and is still in use.
The pass is traversed by an unimproved road that is passable only with four-wheel drive vehicles, bicycles, ATVs, or on foot. Two-wheel drive vehicles will find it difficult due to some stream crossings and rocky sections. It is open from approximately late May through the arrival of the first heavy snow in mid or late autumn. The road has occasionally been blocked by fallen trees.
References
Mountain passes of Colorado
Landforms of Pitkin County, Colorado
Landforms of Lake County, Colorado
Great Divide of North America
Transportation in Pitkin County, Colorado
Transportation in Lake County, Colorado
The buff-faced scrubwren (Aethomyias perspicillatus) is a bird species in the family Acanthizidae. It is found in the highlands of New Guinea ; Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
This species was formerly placed in the genus Sericornis but following the publication of a molecular phylogenetic study of the scrubwrens in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Aethomyias.
References
buff-faced scrubwren
buff-faced scrubwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Owanto (born December 13, 1953 in Paris) is a contemporary artist of Gabonese origin.
Biography
Owanto grew up in Libreville, Gabon, where she spent her formative years, and eventually moved to Europe to study Philosophy, Literature and Languages at the Institut Catholic de Paris in Madrid, Spain.
Her artistic practice emerges from a 30+ year career engaging with consciousness through the notion of memory, both personal and collective, and exploring cross-cultural and trans-historical dialogues to interrogate the meaning of existence, as well as of her personal and shared history. Owanto's current projects focus on the female condition, emancipation and the breaking of silence. Her work on this matter reflects upon the psychological concept of resilience by exploring the notion of healing, repair and transformation.
Owanto's creative force stems from her belief in the ability of art to transform consciousness. Her work sheds new light on difficult and relevant issues which prevent us from ignoring what takes place around us. Owanto's concern for social issues has compelled her to campaign for relevant but uncomfortable and often ignored topics. She believes that modern art has a role to play in changing cultural norms.
In 2009, Owanto represented the Republic of Gabon at the 53rd Venice Biennale with a solo show entitled The Lighthouse of Memory - Go Nogé Mènè, curated by Fernando Francès, being the very first artist from Central Africa to exhibit solo in a National Pavilion. Through the use of archives and found documents, her proposal traced the past to shape the future, honouring the title Go Nogé Mènè which means Building the Future in her mother tongue. Owanto states that, "Gabon was looking for new directions, as was the rest of the world - new systems, new models of society, new ways of seeing.” Central to her artistic proposal was the question “Où Allons Nous?” (Where Are We Going?).
Work
Owanto has used pop, conceptual and minimal art in her creation of universal symbols, which remind spectators of where the solutions to our world may lie, and how a society lacking moral strength may begin to heal. Using her sculptures as starting points, Owanto has created a series of icons which she presents in highly technical formats such as light-boxes and traffic signs - media previously explored by Maurizio Cattelan, Rogelio López Cuenca, Gabriel Acuña and Michael Pinsky. “Owantoʼs discourse focuses on images of a family group and a child playing, which suggest a happier world to come. The pieces have a double intention: to alert us to solutions to our global predicament, and to suggest a change in governing attitudes and rules. The light-boxes, like torches and lighthouses, illuminate a future characterised by tolerance, unity and hope."
Flowers Series
The ‘Flowers Project' is one that Owanto started 6 years ago, after discovering some old photographs in a forgotten drawer. Highlighted in this project are the fundamental questions concerning the future of women and girls and their rights to have a say over their own bodies – particularly with regards to the practice of Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting (FGM/C). She strives to bring to light the complex and contested issues surrounding this practice, which is often done in discreet initiation ceremonies around the world, as an age-old ritual signifying the important transition from childhood to womanhood by curbing sexual desire.
Owanto retrieves archival photographs of an FGM/C ceremony, and enlarges them up to 2x3 meters high. She then disrupts the violation in the images by removing the sections deemed most private, through covering the void with delicate, handcrafted, and cold porcelain flower sculptures. The physical act of removing the flower, the “deflowering”, momentarily exposes the viewer to the truth. The flower is a symbolic cover-up that masks the identity of these young girls — an identity that was taken away from them — and hides this very loss. The original image is transformed to enable the young women in the old image to embody a different narrative.
One thousand Voices
One Thousand Voices is an immersive sound installation, produced by Owanto in collaboration with Katya Berger, which amplifies an ensemble of voices collected from around the world. It is a collection of audio testimonies from Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting (FGM/C) survivors. Using various languages, some speaking anonymously, most testifying openly, the installation projects sounds and stories of survival and resilience. The voices weave together to create one collective narrative.
While the flower poetically plays a healing role and attempts to metaphorically change the narrative in Flower Series —from victims to heroines— the collective voice of women and girls united to say “no more” in One Thousand Voices breaks the silence and literally changes the narrative.
Pardonne Moi
Pardonne-Moi is produced in collaboration with reformed cutters/circumcisers from the Kolda Region in South Senegal and from Cross River State in Nigeria. Women who have abandoned the knife to adopt the needle are changing their destiny as they weave the words of liberation voiced by the heroines in One Thousand Voices. On the one hand is the notion of healing and on the other hand, is the notion of pardon or atonement.
The use of a new medium, material and embroidery, needle instead of knife, is explored, as well as the relationship between the spoken, the written word, and the enlightened word. The yellow thread symbolizes transformation. In this exceptional act of solidarity all women are united.
Field of Light
In this neon series, the painful testimonies of FGM/C survivors are re-appropriated and turned into messages glowing with lights. The oral words are materialized into illuminated written words, offering a way out from the shadows, and suggests transformation and healing.
Awards and honors
Owanto had the honor of representing the Republic of Gabon at the 53rd International Art Exhibition of the Venice Biennale in 2009, with a solo show in Gabon's first National Pavilion. She is one of the winners of the Mbokodo Awards from South Africa for 2020. “The awards honor women who have strengthened communities and individuals through their art.”
Exhibitions
Solo Exhibitions:
2011: "El Faro de la Memoria" Galería Maior, Vigo, Spain; Palma de Mallorca, Spain
2012: "Où Allons Nous?" Voice Gallery, Marrakech, Morocco
2013: "Protect" (Public art intervention), Jardins de Saint Martin, Monaco, Monaco
2014: "Here, Now." Biennale de Marrakech, Marrakech, Morocco
2015: Owanto " L'Atelier de l'artiste", Art Marbella (Galeria Yusto-Giner), Marbella, Spain
2016: "Flowers" Conseil National, Monaco, Monaco
2018: "Dance with Me" African Artist's Foundation (AAF), Lagos, Nigeria
2018: "Flowers" Voice Gallery, Marrakech, Morocco
2019: "One Thousand Voices" Museo d'Arte Contemporanea Donnaregina (MADRE), Naples, Italy
2019: "One Thousand Voices" Zeitz Museum of Contemporary Art Africa (Zeitz MOCAA), Cape Town, South Africa
2020: "Flowers" Sakhile&Me, Frankfurt, Germany
2020: "La Bible de ma Mère" LagosPhoto20, Online Home Museum
Group Exhibitions:
2016: "Made in Spain. Periplo por el arte español de hoy", MAD Antequera, Málaga, Spain
2016: "Beauty", Centro de Exposiciones de Benalmádena, Benalmádena, Spain; MAD Antequera, Málaga, Spain
2016: "Group Presentation" 1:54 Contemporary African Art Fair London (Voice Gallery), London, UK
2017: "All Things Being Equal..." Zeitz Museum of Contemporary Art Africa (Zeitz MOCAA), Cape Town, South Africa
2017: "Group Presentation", 1:54 Contemporary African Art Fair London (Voice Gallery), London, UK
2017: "Group Presentation", AKAA Also Known as Africa Art Fair (Voice Gallery), Paris, France
2017: "Group Presentation", LagosPhoto, Lagos, Nigeria
2018: "Group Presentation", 1:54 Contemporary African Art Fair London (Voice Gallery), London, UK
2018: "Our Anthropocene: Eco Crises", The Center for Book Arts, New York, United States
2019: "Material Insanity", Museum of African Contemporary Art Al Maaden (MACAAL), Marrakech, Morocco
2020: "Group Show", 1-54 Contemporary African Art Fair (Sakhile&Me), London, UK
Publications
Thelma Mort (2020): Getting out of forgotten: The disruptive vision of Owanto, Agenda, DOI: 10.1080/10130950.2020.1833512
Berrada, Meriem; Dieudji, Janine G.; Diagne, Souleymane B. and Zineb A. Arraki. 2019. Material Insanity. Casablanca, Morocco: Somadi. .
DeSouza, Allan; Milbourne, Karen; Mutu, Wangechi; Osodi, George and Clive van den Berg. 2013. Earth Matters: Land as Material and Metaphor in the Arts of Africa. New York, USA: Monacelli Press. .
Frances, Fernando. 2009. Owanto: The Lighthouse of Memory - Go Nogé Mènè. Imola, Italy: Maretti Editore. .
Sherman, Louise. 2002. Owanto. Barcelona, Spain: Polígrafa. .
Benetton, Luciano; Frances, Fernando and Helena Juncosa. 2014. Identity/Modernity: Contemporary Artists from Spain. Treviso, Italy: Fabrica. .
References
"Owanto: A Thousand Voices, But Two Thousand Feet" by Valentine Umansky, ART AFRICA, July 2020
"Owanto: 30 years of militantisme en faveur de l'émancipation de la femme" by Stevie Mounombou, Gabonreview, July 2020
"Owanto: An artist who asks you to look and reflect" by Emilie Gambade, Daily Maverick, July 2020
"Something Terrible Happened To Me When I Was Seven", ELLE, February 2019
"Le dire avec des fleurs", Diptyk n ° 47, February-March 2019
"Fleurs guérisseuses et voix briseuses de silences", Afrique in visu, February 2019
"Les Fleurs du Bien", ELLE, February 2018
"Fleurs et Blessures - Entretien avec Owanto", IAM (Intense Art Magazine), January 2018
"Owanto's Flower Series", AFRICANAH, December 2017
"The Forgotten Drawer," ART AFRICA, December 2017
Fernando Francés, Owanto The Lighthouse of Memory Go Nogé Mènè, Christian Maretti Editore, 2009, pp 12–13.
Footnotes
External links
owanto.com
https://www.sakhileandme.com/artists/owanto.htm
https://zeitzmocaa.museum/artists/owanto-berger/
https://www.1-54.com/london/artists/owanto/
1953 births
French artists
French people of Gabonese descent
Gabonese artists
Living people
Gabonese activists
James Donnelly Touhig, Baron Touhig KSS (born 5 December 1947), known as Don Touhig, is a British politician and life peer who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Islwyn from 1995 to 2010. A member of the Labour and Co-operative parties, he served in government as an Assistant Whip from 1999 to 2001 and a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State from 2001 to 2006.
Early life
He went to St Francis RC School in Abersychan near Pontypool, then the Mid Gwent College (now Coleg Gwent) in Pontypool. Before entering parliament, he had been a journalist from 1968–76. From 1976–90, he was the Editor of the Free Press of Monmouthshire (Monmouth Free Press). From 1988–92, he was the general manager and Editor-in-Chief of the Free Press Group of newspapers. He was the general manager (business development) of the Bailey Group from 1992–3, then of Bailey Print from 1993–5. He served on Gwent County Council from 1973–95. He joined the TGWU in 1962 and the Labour Party in 1966.
Parliamentary career
House of Commons
Touhig contested the Richmond and Barnes constituency at the 1992 general election, but reached third-place behind the Conservative and Liberal Democrat candidates. Following the resignation of Neil Kinnock, former Leader of the Opposition and Leader of the Labour Party, he was elected to succeed him as MP for Islwyn at the by-election on 16 February 1995.
From 1996 to 1997, Touhig was a Member of the Welsh Affairs Select Committee. He served as Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS) to Gordon Brown, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, from May 1997 to July 1999. He had to resign as PPS in 1999, when he confessed to receiving a leaked Social Security Select Committee report on Child benefit. He was later suspended for three days from the Commons.
He was appointed to serve as an Assistant Whip from November 1999 to June 2001. He was a junior minister at the Ministry of Defence, with special responsibility for veterans, but left government in the May 2006 reshuffle. He was made a Member of the Privy Council on 19 July 2006.
In Paul Flynn's 1999 book Dragons and Poodles, he was described as being the "seamstress-in-chief of stitch ups", that he could be "ambitious" and "can be pompous".
On 29 January 2010, Touhig announced that he would stand down at the 2010 General Election.
House of Lords
On 28 June 2010, Touhig was made a life peer in the House of Lords as Baron Touhig, of Islwyn and Glansychan in the County of Gwent.
He was appointed to the opposition front bench as a Whip and Shadow Spokesperson for Defence in September 2015, serving as a Whip until September 2016 and a Defence Spokesperson until October 2017. He returned to the defence brief from April 2020 to May 2021.
Personal life
Touhig was married on 21 September 1968 to Jennifer Hughes. She died in 2014 from cancer, aged 67. They have two sons and two daughters.
Honours
He is a papal knight of the Order of Saint Sylvester (KSS).
References
External links
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Ask Aristotle: Don Touhig MP
Voting record at the Public Whip
TheyWorkForYou.com – Don Touhig MP
BBC Politics page
Blake's Parliamentary Yearbook
1947 births
Living people
Labour Co-operative MPs for Welsh constituencies
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Welsh Roman Catholics
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Welsh Labour councillors
Labour Co-operative life peers
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Robert McConville (born 22 August 1964) was a Scottish footballer who played for Kilmarnock, East Stirlingshire, Stirling Albion, Dumbarton and Albion Rovers.
References
1964 births
Scottish footballers
Dumbarton F.C. players
Kilmarnock F.C. players
East Stirlingshire F.C. players
Albion Rovers F.C. players
Stirling Albion F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Living people
Association football midfielders
Timo Königsmann (born 5 April 1997) is a German professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for SV Waldhof Mannheim.
References
Living people
1997 births
Association football goalkeepers
German footballers
Hannover 96 II players
Hannover 96 players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth II players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
VfR Aalen players
SV Waldhof Mannheim players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Footballers from Hanover
In March 1815, Jonathan Fisk (DR), who'd been re-elected to , resigned to accept an appointment as United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. A special election was held in April of that year to fill the vacancy left by his resignation.
Election results
Wilkin took his seat at the start of the 14th Congress.
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Special elections to the 14th United States Congress
1815 06
New York 1815 06
1815 New York (state) elections
New York 06
United States House of Representatives 1815 06
Karaaliler is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
The Sai River (Sai setu), also referred to as the Aadi Ganga, is a tributary of the Gomti River in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Geography
The river originates at a sprawling pond, named Bhijwan Jheel, on the hilltop at Parsoi, a village in the Hardoi district. It separates the region of Lucknow from Unnao. The river flows south by Raebareli, comes into the region of Pratapgarh then turns east and touches the Ghuisarnath Dham, from there it touches another Chandika Dham and moves Jaunpur through the west . Most of the districts of Uttar Pradesh are situated on the banks of the Sai River. Shani Dev Dham is located on banks of the Sai River at Parsadepur.
Culture
Devotees take a bath in the Sai River and worship Baba Ghuisarnath with its water in India. It is one of the most sacred rivers in Hinduism. It is referenced in Puranas and in Ramcharitmanas of Goswami Tulsidas. Along with its religious importance, the river is a lifeline for the millions of Indians who live on its banks and depend on it for their daily utilities.
References
Rivers of Uttar Pradesh
Rivers of India
The 2017 UCLA Bruins baseball team represented the University of California, Los Angeles in the 2017 NCAA Division I baseball season as a member of the Pac-12 Conference. The team was coached by John Savage and played their home games at Jackie Robinson Stadium.
Previous season
The Bruins finished 25–31 overall, and 12–18 in the conference. The Bruins were not invited to the NCAA Division I tournament.
MLB Draft Selections
The Bruins had six individuals selected in the 2016 MLB draft.
Roster
Schedule
References
UCLA
UCLA Bruins baseball seasons
UCLA
UCLA
King Animal Demos is a 10" vinyl EP by the American rock band Soundgarden. It was released on April 20, 2013 through Republic Records. It was released on Record Store Day on a special edition pink vinyl release in the United States, and a standard black edition in Europe.
Overview
The EP is a collection of demos from King Animal. It features six different songs, in their rough mix. The demos were recorded at TNC Studios in Los Angeles and Deke River Studio in Seattle.
Track listing
All tracks written by Chris Cornell, except where noted.
"Bones of Birds" – 3:27
"By Crooked Steps" (Matt Cameron, Ben Shepherd, Kim Thayil) – 4:24
"Halfway There" – 3:34
"Worse Dreams" – 3:21
"Black Saturday" – 3:17
"A Thousand Days Before" (Thayil) – 4:25
Personnel
Soundgarden
Matt Cameron – drums, percussion
Chris Cornell – vocals, rhythm guitar
Ben Shepherd – bass guitar
Kim Thayil – lead guitar
References
Soundgarden EPs
Record Store Day releases
Demo albums
Republic Records EPs
2013 EPs
Yevgeniya Aleksandrovna Startseva (; born 12 February 1989) is a volleyball player from Russia. She was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 2010 World Championship. She represented Russia at the 2012 Olympics.
Career
Startseva won a 2014 FIVB Club World Championship gold medal playing with the Russian club Dinamo Kazan, who defeated the Brazilian team Molico Osasco 3-0 in the championship match.
National team
2009 FIVB World Grand Prix – Silver medal (with Russia)
2010 FIVB World Championship – Gold medal (with Russia)
2014 FIVB World Grand Prix – Bronze medal (with Russia)
2015 European Championship – Gold medal (with Russia)
2019 World Cup - Bronze medal (with Russia)
Clubs
Avtodor-Metar (2004–2010)
Dinamo Krasnodar (2010-2012)
Dinamo Kazan (2012-2021)
Dynamo Moscow (2022-Present)
Awards
Volleyball at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament - Best setter
2014 FIVB Club World Championship - Champion, with Dinamo Kazan
2016 Russian Cup – Champion, with Dinamo Kazan
2016–17 CEV Cup – Champion, with Dinamo Kazan
2016–17 Russian Championship – Runner-Up, with Dinamo Kazan
References
External links
Dynamo Kazan Profile
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chelyabinsk
Russian women's volleyball players
Volleyball players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic volleyball players of Russia
Volleyball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
20th-century Russian women
21st-century Russian women
The sulphur-billed nuthatch (Sitta oenochlamys) is a species of bird in the family Sittidae. It is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is commonly found in mixed flocks along with Blue-headed fantails, sunbirds, flowerpeckers and other small forest birds.
References
sulphur-billed nuthatch
Endemic birds of the Philippines
sulphur-billed nuthatch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gigaductus is a genus of parasites in the phylum Apicomplexa.
Species in this genus infect Coleoptera (beetles) and Orthoptera (grasshoppers).
History
The first species of this genus was described by Crawley in 1903. These species were then moved to Gregarina in 1916 by Watson. Moriggi created the genus Endocryptella for them. Fillipponi created the family Gigaductidae and the genus Gigaductus for them in 1948.
Taxonomy
There are eleven species currently recognised in this genus.
The type species is Gigaductus anchi.
Lifecycle
The species in this family are spread by the oral-faecal route.
Development occurs in the epithelial cells of the gut or rarely in the Malpighian tubules.
The gamontocysts are enclosed in a thick gelatinous capsule.
Syzygy and encystment occur in the lumen of the gut (or tubule).
About 25-30 spores are generated from each gametocyst.
References
Apicomplexa genera
Parasites of insects
Albena Petrova Denkova (, born 3 December 1974) is a Bulgarian ice dancer. With partner and fiance Maxim Staviski, she is a two-time (2006–2007) World champion, a two-time (2003–2004) European silver medalist, and the 2006 Grand Prix Final champion. Denkova and Staviski are the first Bulgarians to medal at the World Figure Skating Championships.
Career
began her athletic career as a gymnast at the age of four, and switched to figure skating at about 8 or 9. She took up ice dancing when she was 12. Her first ice dance partner was Hristo Nikolov but they split up due to different ambitions. In 1996, Denkova had a successful tryout with Maxim Staviski in Moscow and he moved to Sofia to compete with her for Bulgaria. They soon became a couple off-ice, as well. In September 2000, Denkova / Staviski began dividing their time between Sofia and Odintsovo, near Moscow, Russia where they worked with coach Alexei Gorshkov and choreographer Sergei Petukhov.
Denkova / Staviski withdrew from the 2000 European Championships after Staviski fell ill with pneumonia. During the last practice session before the free dance at the 2000 World Championships, Peter Tchernyshev's blade slashed Denkova's leg above her boot, severing two tendons and a muscle and leaving her unable to walk for three months. She eventually returned to training but suffered swelling in her leg. After she asked the U.S. Figure Skating Association if Tchernyshev had insurance to help cover her medical expenses, the organizers withdrew Denkova / Staviski's invitation to 2000 Skate America. Both Denkova and Staviski fell ill with the flu before the 2001 European Championships and she suffered more swelling but they competed at the event and finished 8th, their best result to that date.
Denkova / Staviski took the silver medal at the 2003 European Championships, becoming the first skaters to medal for Bulgaria at an ISU Championships. They then became the first Bulgarians to medal at Worlds, winning bronze at the 2003 World Championships. The following season, they repeated as silver medalists at Europeans and went on to become World silver medalists.
In 2004–05, Denkova / Staviski withdrew from Europeans and finished 5th at Worlds. At the end of the season, they parted ways with Gorshkov and moved to Newark, Delaware, U.S., to train with Natalia Linichuk and Gennadi Karponosov. They finished 5th at their third Olympics. At the 2006 World Championships, they became the first Bulgarians to win World gold in figure skating.
In October 2006, it was announced that Denkova had been elected President of the Bulgarian Skating Federation.
In 2006–07, Denkova / Staviski won gold at the Grand Prix Final, bronze at Europeans, and gold once again at Worlds. On 10 April 2007, they were awarded the Stara Planina Order, Bulgaria's highest award. On 19 April 2007, they received a star on Bulgaria's Walk of Fame.
On 5 August 2007, Maxim Staviski caused a car accident while driving drunk in Bulgaria that left 24-year-old Petar Petrov dead and Petrov's fiancee, 18-year-old Manuela Gorsova, in a coma. In October 2007, he announced his retirement from competitive skating and Denkova was thus forced to retire, as well. They continued to skate in shows around the world and have also done choreography, working with Brian Joubert a few times. Having said in 2004 that Bulgaria did not have many skating facilities and coaches, Denkova opened a skating school with Staviski in Sofia called SC Ice Dance Denkova/Staviski. They have also participated in the Russian television show Ice Age.
Personal life
Denkova and Staviski are engaged to marry. Their son Daniel was born on 30 January 2011. Denkova has a younger half-sister, Ina Demireva, who also competed in ice dancing. Her brother-in-law is solo skater Andrei Lutai. Denkova holds a degree in economics from Sofia University.
Programs
Competitive highlights
With Staviski
With Nikolov
References
External links
Denkova / Staviski official web site
Navigation
1974 births
Living people
Bulgarian female ice dancers
Olympic figure skaters of Bulgaria
Figure skaters at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
World Figure Skating Championships medalists
European Figure Skating Championships medalists
Season-end world number one figure skaters
Sportspeople from Sofia
The Wordsmith is a 1979 Canadian television film directed by Claude Jutra. Based on a screenplay by Mordecai Richler, the film stars Saul Rubinek as Mervyn Kaplansky, a writer in Montreal who aspires to sell his debut novel while navigating his relationships with his landlords Mr. and Mrs. Hersh (Peter Boretski and Janet Ward) and his love interest Molly (Sherry Lewis).
The film received six Genie Award nominations in the Non-Feature Film categories at the 1st Genie Awards in 1980, for Outstanding TV Drama Over 30 Minutes, Best Actor in a Non-Feature (Rubinek), Best Actress in a Non-Feature (Ward), Best Art Direction (Milton Parcher), Best Screenplay (Richler) and Best Editing (Arla Saare). It won the awards for Best Art Direction and Best Screenplay.
References
External links
1979 television films
Films directed by Claude Jutra
CBC Television original films
Canadian drama television films
Films based on works by Mordecai Richler
Jewish Canadian films
English-language Canadian films
1970s English-language films
1970s Canadian films
Hastimima is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid of the family Mycteroptidae. It contains one valid species, Hastimima whitei, recovered from the Permian Hermit Shale of Arizona, and one dubious species, H. sewardi, from the Devonian of South Africa. Though clearly a mycteropoid eurypterid, the material referred to H. sewardi is so fragmentary that it is questionable if it possesses any diagnostic value at all.
See also
List of eurypterid genera
References
Stylonurina
Permian arthropods
Eurypterids of North America
Permian United States
Fossil taxa described in 1908
Permian eurypterids
Rümligen Castle is a castle in the municipality of Rümligen of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
During the High Middle Ages the Freiherr von Rümligen owned a vast swathe of land between the Gürbe and Sense rivers. The first appearance of the family in the historical record is in 1076 when Lütold von Rümligen founded Rüeggisberg Priory. By the 13th century they were allied with Bern and in 1320-21 Berchtold von Rümligen (1294-1337) was the Schultheiss in Bern. The Simmental and Summerau lines of the Rümligen family eventually split off and gained extensive lands of their own.
In 1380 the Sommerau-Rümligen family merged back into the main line and inherited the land when Alisa von Rümligen married Peter von Sommerau. In 1388 the Freiherren came under Bernese control, though they continued to own the estates for another century and a half. Gilian von Sommerau-Rümligen was the grandson of Peter and a bailiff in several Bernese cities. He was also a Bernese captain in the Battle of Nancy in 1447. However, his descendants quickly became impoverished and sold the Herrschaft of Rümligen to Bern for 370 pounds. The last Freiherr von Rümligen died unmarried in 1579.
By the 17th century a series of Bernese patrician families owned Rümligen. After passing through a couple of owners, in 1634 Johann Rudolf von Erlach bought the castle and estates. His grandson sold it in 1680 to Ferdinand von Wattenwyl. They sold the castle to Samuel Frisching who passed it on to his son Samuel Frisching (II) when he died in 1683. In 1709 Samuel Frisching (II) built a new Baroque castle around the medieval core. Frisching had a distinguished career. In 1712 as the head of the Bernese War Council he commanded the Protestant Bernese troops to victory in the Toggenburg War. In 1715 he was elected Schultheiss of Bern, an office he held until his death on 23 October 1723.
Following the 1798 French invasion and the creation of the Helvetic Republic the owners of the castle retained it by lost their manorial rights over the villagers. Rümligen remained with the Frisching family until the marriage of Alette Sophie Rosine Frisching to Friedrich von Wattenwyl von Bursinel in 1838. Following the death of their son, Friedrich von Wattenwyl in 1877, the castle was inherited by Dr. Ludwig Moritz Albert Tscharner who often lived at the castle until his death in 1927.
Castle appearance
The medieval tower is still visible above the castle, though it was given a Baroque mansard roof in the 18th century. It is possible that the medieval castle was built on or included a much earlier, Roman era watch tower. The residential wing to the south of the tower is probably also medieval, but was extensively rebuilt at the same time. The tower and wing partly enclose a garden and courtyard which were cut into the hillside.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Simon Kane (born 9 October 1967 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former race car driver, but now works as a sound technician in television.
Career
Kane started in Formula Fords in the late 1980s and proceeded to the new Formula Holden series in 1989. In 1990 he won the Australian Drivers' Championship and consequently CAMS Gold Star. From there he had a disappointing International Formula 3000 season in 1991 for Italian team Motor Racing Di-Wheels, failing to qualify for the two events he entered at Hockenheim in Germany and Brands Hatch in England (rounds 6 & 7).
He then returned to Australia and spasmodically entered Australian Drivers' Championship rounds in coming years and achieved a top five result at the one-off 1993 Indonesian Grand Prix. He now races some club events in a Porsche 911.
Career results
Complete International Formula 3000 results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races
in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
1988 Australian Formula Ford "Driver to Europe" Results
1967 births
Formula Holden drivers
International Formula 3000 drivers
Living people
Racing drivers from Sydney
Apoyando ("supporting") is a method of plucking used in both classical guitar and flamenco guitar known in English as 'rest stroke'. Rest stroke gets its name because after plucking the string, the finger rests on the adjacent string after it follows through, giving a slightly rounder, often punchier sound (contrasted with tirando).
Classical guitar
Flamenco
Guitar performance techniques
ru:Гитара#Звукоизвлечение
Caroline Atkinson (born in 1952), is an American economist, politician and former journalist. In 2013, she had been the Deputy Assistant to 44th US president, Barack Obama, and was his Deputy National Security Advisor for International Economic Affairs.
Biography
Caroline Atkinson was born in Washington DC in 1952, and was raised in London, United Kingdom. Her father was the UK's chief economist at the time.
Atkinson graduated from Oxford University with a bachelor's degree in philosophy and economics and a bachelor's degree in political science.
She began her career as a journalist for the Washington Post, The Economist and the Times of London.
From 1994 to 1996 she worked as a special advisor on financial stability and market regulation at the Bank of England.
In Bill Clinton's second cabinet, she was responsible for international monetary and financial policy at the United States Treasury Department from 1997 to 2001 and was also an advisor to the then Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and Larry Summers.
In the years up to 2003 she worked as a senior partner in the Council on Foreign Relations.
From 2003 to 2005 she was Senior Director at the investment advisory firm Stonebridge International LLC.
In 2005, she moved to the International Monetary Fund, where she was Director of External Relations from November 1, 2008, to July 2011. Before that, Atkinson held various positions, most recently as deputy director for the Western Hemisphere.
At the beginning of President Obama's first presidency in 2009, she was highly regarded as a potential Secretary of State for International Affairs in the Treasury - although she showed little interest.
Political career
Since August 2011, she has served President Obama as Special Assistant for International Economic Relations. During this time she played a central role in the Obama administration's response to the crisis in Europe. She supported the work of the G-8 and G-20 and cited integration efforts as an economic response to the Arab Spring.
On June 21, 2013, US President Barack Obama appointed Atkinson to be Deputy Assistant and Deputy National Security Advisor for Foreign Trade. She took over these tasks from Michael Froman, who had recently been appointed US trade representative.
In that role, she personally represents Obama at major international business summits, including the G-8 and G-20. As part of this task, she coordinates the political processes and is responsible for their implementation in the areas of international economic relations, including finance, trade and investment, development, as well as energy and environmental protection.
Her first task - in the week she took office - was to prepare the G-8 summit 2013 in Lough Erne (Fermanagh, Northern Ireland) as a so-called Sherpa and to discuss topics such as tax havens and proposals for trade taxation.
On March 20, 2014, Russia imposed entry bans on Atkinson and 8 other Americans as a countermeasure to the US sanctions in the context of the Russo-Ukrainian War.
Voices on their calling
On her inauguration, Barack Obama was quoted as saying, “Caroline is going around the world for her understanding of how the global economy works, for her persistent efforts to promote strong, balanced and sustainable growth, and for her management experience in dealing with international financial crises respected."
Former US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said in advance: “Caroline is a seasoned veteran on the international stage. Well versed in the nuances of politics and the craft of diplomacy, she will be an excellent advisor to the President in her new role."
Mohamed El-Erian, executive director of Pacific Investment Management Company, which manages the world's largest fixed income fund, described the situation as follows: “It is very important for the United States to have someone like Caroline in this role. We will experience a major global realignment, the economic interaction will change, geopolitics will play a significantly larger role and multilateral institutions will not stop shaking the ground."
International Monetary Fund Assistant Director David Lipton said: “Caroline will need to broaden its range of what she has been doing - macroeconomic affairs - and come up with an expanded portfolio. She knows all technical issues, she knows the world and she will show that she can deliver."
References
1952 births
Living people
Founded in 1984, The ASCII Group, Inc. is the oldest and largest group of independent information technology (IT) solution providers, systems integrators, managed service providers (MSP) and value added resellers (VAR). ASCII is the largest paying community of independent computer solution providers, system integrators, and valued added resellers in the world.
History
The original ASCII business model was created in 1984 by Alan Weinberger who forged the network out of a failing franchise of software retail stores owned by Ashton-Tate, a major software publisher. 40 independent software retailers decided to join together as a buying group and pay monthly fees to support their organization, in turn supporting each other and their programs for mutual benefit.
Debuting in 2000, ASCII holds 9 annual Success Summits each year throughout the United States and Canada. In 2015, ASCII partnered with TTR, Inc. and announced a support service for sales tax questions.
See also
ASCII
ASCII art
References
External links
ASCII Group
ASCI
Information technology companies of the United States
International information technology consulting firms
Companies based in Bethesda, Maryland
American companies established in 1984
Consulting firms established in 1984
Technology companies established in 1984
1984 establishments in Maryland
Science and technology in Maryland
Peder Hvitfeldts Stræde is a street in the Old Town of Copenhagen, Denmark. It runs from Rosengården in the north to Krystalgade in the south.
History
The street is first mentioned in 1581 as Peder Huidfeldzstrede and is later referred to as Huitfeldtstræde. It takes its name after the nobleman Peter Hvidtfeldt (died 1584) who owned a property at the site. He served as Chancellor of Norway from 1547 to 1565.
The Guild Hall of the Timbers' Guild was in the 18th century situated on the west side of the street. To its rear was an off-site section of Church of Our Lady's graveyard. It could be reached from Peder Hvitfeldts Stræde by way of a narrow passageway known as Willum Fuirens Gang.
The street was completely destroyed in the Copenhagen Fire of 1795.
Notable buildings and residents
The yellow, two-storey building at the corner with Krystalgade is a former school associated with nearby Church of Our Lady. It was built in 1820-21 and is now listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places. The two narrow buildings at No. 10 (1811) and No. 12 (1809-1818) and the larger, eight-storey property at No. 13 are also listed.
References
External links
Peder Hvitfeldts Stræde at indenforvoldene.dk
Streets in Copenhagen
Cubane () is a synthetic hydrocarbon compound that consists of eight carbon atoms arranged at the corners of a cube, with one hydrogen atom attached to each carbon atom. A solid crystalline substance, cubane is one of the Platonic hydrocarbons and a member of the prismanes. It was first synthesized in 1964 by Philip Eaton and Thomas Cole. Before this work, researchers believed that cubic carbon-based molecules would be too unstable to exist. The cubic shape requires the carbon atoms to adopt an unusually sharp 90° bonding angle, which would be highly strained as compared to the 109.45° angle of a tetrahedral carbon. Once formed, cubane is quite kinetically stable, due to a lack of readily available decomposition paths. It is the simplest hydrocarbon with octahedral symmetry.
Having high potential energy but kinetic stability makes cubane and its derivative compounds useful for controlled energy storage. For example, octanitrocubane and heptanitrocubane have been studied as high-performance explosives.
These compounds also typically have a very high density for hydrocarbon molecules. The resulting high energy density means a large amount of energy can be stored in a comparably small amount of space, an important consideration for applications in fuel storage and energy transport.
Synthesis
The classic 1964 synthesis starts with the conversion of 2-cyclopentenone to 2-bromocyclopentadienone:
Allylic bromination with N-bromosuccinimide in carbon tetrachloride followed by addition of molecular bromine to the alkene gives a 2,3,4-tribromocyclopentanone. Treating this compound with diethylamine in diethyl ether causes elimination of two equivalents of hydrogen bromide to give the diene product.
The construction of the eight-carbon cubane framework begins when 2-bromocyclopentadienone undergoes a spontaneous Diels-Alder dimerization. One ketal of the endo isomer is subsequently selectively deprotected with aqueous hydrochloric acid to 3.
In the next step, the endo isomer 3 (with both alkene groups in close proximity) forms the cage-like isomer 4 in a photochemical [2+2] cycloaddition. The bromoketone group is converted to ring-contracted carboxylic acid 5 in a Favorskii rearrangement with potassium hydroxide. Next, the thermal decarboxylation takes place through the acid chloride (with thionyl chloride) and the tert-butyl perester 6 (with tert-butyl hydroperoxide and pyridine) to 7; afterward, the acetal is once more removed in 8. A second Favorskii rearrangement gives 9, and finally another decarboxylation gives, via 10, cubane (11).
A more approachable laboratory synthesis of disubstituted cubane involves bromination of the ethylene ketal of cyclopentanone to give a tribromocyclopentanone derivative. Subsequent steps involve dehydrobromination, Diels-Alder dimerization, etc.
The resulting cubane-1,4-dicarboxylic acid is used to synthesize other substituted cubanes. Cubane itself can be obtained nearly quantitatively by photochemical decarboxylation of the thiohydroxamate ester (the Barton decarboxylation).
Derivatives
The synthesis of the octaphenyl derivative from tetraphenylcyclobutadiene nickel bromide by Freedman in 1962 pre-dates that of the parent compound. It is a sparingly soluble colourless compound that melts at 425–427 °C. A hypercubane, with a hypercube-like structure, was predicted to exist in a 2014 publication. Two different isomers of cubene have been synthesized, and a third analyzed computationally. The alkene in ortho-cubene is exceptionally reactive due to its pyramidalized geometry. At the time of its synthesis, this was the most pyramidalized alkene to have been successfully made. The meta-cubene isomer is even less stable, and the para-cubene isomer probably only exists as a diradical rather than an actual diagonal bond.
Cubylcubanes and oligocubanes
Cubene (1,2-dehydrocubane) and 1,4-cubanediyl(1,4-dehydrocubane) are enormously strained compounds which both undergo nucleophilic addition very rapidly, and this has enabled chemists to synthesize cubylcubane. X-ray diffraction structure solution has shown that the central cubylcubane bond is exceedingly short (1.458 Å), much shorter than the typical C-C single bond (1.578 Å). This is attributed to the fact that the exocyclic orbitals of cubane are s-rich and close to the nucleus. Chemists at the University of Chicago extended and modified the sequence in a way that permits the preparation of a host of [n]cubylcubane oligomers. The [n]cubylcubanes are rigid molecular rods with the particular promise at the time of making liquid crystals with exceptional UV transparency. As the number of linked cubane units increases, the solubility of [n]cubylcubane plunges; as a result, only limited chain length (up to 40 units) have been successfully synthesized in solutions. The skeleton of [n]cubylcubanes is still composed of enormously strained carbon cubes, which therefore limit its stability. In contrast, researchers at Penn State University showed that poly-cubane synthesized by solid-state reaction is 100% sp3 carbon bonded with a tetrahedral angle (109.5°) and exhibits exceptional optical properties (high refractive index).
Reactions
Cuneane may be produced from cubane by a metal-ion-catalyzed σ-bond rearrangement.
With a rhodium catalyst, it first forms syn-tricyclooctadiene, which can thermally decompose to cyclooctatetraene at 50–60 °C.
See also
Basketane
Hypercubane
Octanitrocubane
Heptanitrocubane
Perfluorocubane
Prismane
References
External links
Eaton's cubane synthesis at SynArchive.com
Tsanaktsidis's cubane synthesis at SynArchive.com
Cubane chemistry at Imperial College London
Polycyclic nonaromatic hydrocarbons
Molecular geometry
Theoretical chemistry
Cyclobutanes
Substances discovered in the 1960s
Pentacyclic compounds
During the 1955–56 English football season, Arsenal F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary
Final league table
Results
Arsenal's score comes first
Legend
Football League First Division
FA Cup
Squad
References
Arsenal F.C. seasons
Arsenal
The Archeparchy of Winnipeg is a Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church ecclesiastical territory or archeparchy of the Catholic Church in Manitoba, a province of Canada. Currently, its archeparch is Lawrence Huculak.
Its cathedral is the Cathedral of Sts. Vladimir and Olga in the episcopal see of Winnipeg, Manitoba Sts. Vladimir and Olga are the patron saints of the Cathedral. In Ukrainian Catholic churches the patron saint of the Church is generally represented behind the altar. Sts. Vladimir and Olga are the ones who introduced Christianity to Ukraine, and it is appropriate that the first Ukrainian Church in Winnipeg is placed under their patronage. Among the locations under the archeparchy's administration is Bishop Velychkovsky Martyr's Shrine, also in Winnipeg.
The archeparchy oversees all Ukrainian Greek Catholic parishes in Manitoba. As of 2010, the archeparchy contained 136 parishes, 32 active diocesan priests, 11 religious priests, and 29,700 Ukrainian Greek Catholics. It also has 23 religious sisters, 11 religious brothers and 12 permanent deacons. It operates a number of parochial schools in the city of Winnipeg jointly with the Latin Archdiocese of Saint Boniface.
History
Nestor Dmytriw, the first Ukrainian Greek Catholic priest in Canada, having started parishes in 1897 and 1898 in Terebowla, Manitoba, Stuartburn, Manitoba and Edna, Alberta, advocated a separate territory for Ukrainian Greek Catholics in Canada, but this idea was opposed by the existing Latin Canadian Catholic hierarchy. His vision came to fruition on 15 June 1912 when the Holy See established in Winnipeg the Apostolic Exarchate of Canada and Nykyta Budka was appointed its first Exarch (missionary bishop) for Ukrainians in Canada, in response to the success of pretend Bishop Seraphim (Stefan Ustvolsky) in organizing Ukrainians interested in the liturgical traditions of their heritage.
On 19 January 1948, it was renamed as Apostolic Exarchate of Central Canada, having lost vast territories to establish the Apostolic Exarchate of Western Canada and the Apostolic Exarchate of Eastern Canada. In 1951, it was again renamed as Apostolic Exarchate of Manitoba, having lost territory again to establish the Apostolic Exarchate of Saskatoon. On 3 November 1956, it finally lost its missionary pre-diocesan and exempt status (until then, it had been immediately subject to the Holy See) when promoted directly to metropolitan status as the Archeparchy of Winnipeg.
Ecclesiastical province
Its ecclesiastical province in Canada includes the metropolitan's archeparchy and the following suffragan eparchies:
Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Edmonton
Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of New Westminster
Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Saskatoon
Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Toronto and Eastern Canada.
Bishops
Diocesan ordinaries
Apostolic Exarch of Canada
Blessed Nykyta Budka (1912.07.15 – 1927), Titular Bishop of Patara (1912.07.15 – 1949.10.01), later Auxiliary Bishop of Lviv of the Ukrainians (Ukraine) (1928 – death 1949.10.01)
Apostolic Exarch of Central Canada
Basil Ladyka, Basilian Order of Saint Josaphat O.S.B.M. (1929.05.20 – 1948.01.19 see below), Titular Bishop of Abydus (1929.05.20 – 1948.06.21)
Apostolic Exarch of Manitoba
Basil Ladyka, Basilian Order of Saint Josaphat O.S.B.M. (see above 1948.01.19 – 1956.09.01),
Maxim Hermaniuk Redemptorist (C.SS.R.) (1956.09.01 – 1956.11.03 see below), Titular Bishop of Sinna (1951.01.13 – 1956.09.01); previously Auxiliary Exarch of Manitoba of the Ukrainians (1951.01.13 – 1955.03.13) and succeeding as former Coadjutor Apostolic Exarch of Manitoba of the Ukrainians (1955.03.13 – 1956.09.01)
Metropolitan Archeparchs (Archbishops) of Winnipeg
Maxim Hermaniuk, C.SS.R. (see above'' 1956.11.03 – 1992) also President of Synod of the Ukrainian Catholic Church (1969 – 1974)
Michael Bzdel C.SS.R. (1992.12.16 – 2006.01.09)
Lawrence Huculak, O.S.B.M. (2006.01.09 – ...), previously Eparch of Edmonton of the Ukrainians (Canada) (1996.12.16 – 2006.01.09)
Coadjutor bishop
Maxim (Maksym) Hermuk, C.SS.R. (1955-1956)
Auxiliary bishops
Nilus Nicholas Savaryn, O.S.B.M. (1943-1948), appointed Apostolic Exarch of Western Canada (Ukrainian)
Andrew J. Roborecki (1948-1951), appointed Apostolic Exarch of Saskatoon (Ukrainian)
Maxim (Maksym) Hermuk, C.SS.R. (1951-1955), appointed Coadjutor here
Myron Michael Daciuk, O.S.B.M. (1982-1991), appointed Bishop of Edmonton (Ukrainian)
Stefan Soroka (1996-2000), appointed Archbishop of Philadelphia (Ukrainian), USA
David Motiuk (2002-2007), appointed Bishop of Edmonton (Ukrainian)
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Isidore Borecky, appointed Apostolic Exarch of Eastern Canada (Ukrainian) in 1948
Roman Danylak, appointed Apostolic Administrator of Toronto (Ukrainian) in 1992
References
Sources and external links
Archeparchy of Winnipeg page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14, 2006
Catholic Schools Commission
Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Winnipeg
Holy Spirit Seminary, Ottawa
Organizations based in Winnipeg
Winnipeg
Ukrainian Catholic Church in Canada
Christian organizations established in 1912
Winnipeg
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Winnipeg dioceses
Ukrainian-Canadian culture in Manitoba
1912 establishments in Manitoba
Adam Bergqvist (born April 25, 1993) is a Swedish ice hockey player. He made his Elitserien debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2012–13 Elitserien season.
References
External links
1993 births
Brynäs IF players
Living people
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
The 1959–60 Copa México was the 43rd edition of the Copa México and the 17th staging in the professional era.
The competition started on March 6, 1960, and concluded on April 17, 1960, with the Final, held at the Estadio Olímpico Universitario in Mexico City, in which Necaxa defeated Tampico Madero 4–1.
First round
|}
Final round
Final
References
Copa MX
1959–60 in Mexican football
1959–60 domestic association football cups
Research on Aging is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of social gerontology. The editor-in-chief is Jeffrey A. Burr (University of Massachusetts Boston). It was established in 1979 and is published by Sage Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
Research on Aging is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2012 impact factor is 1.298, ranking it 13th out of 30 journals in the category "Gerontology".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Gerontology journals
Publications established in 1979
Neumünster station is the main railway station of the town of Neumünster in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It is at the junction of lines to Flensburg, Heide, Hamburg-Altona, Kiel, Bad Oldesloe, Kaltenkirchen and until 1985 Ascheberg. It is currently operated by Deutsche Bahn, which classifies it as a category 2 station.
History
The station was opened in 1844 by the Altona-Kiel Railway Company (, AKE) during the construction of the first railway line in Schleswig-Holstein, which connected Kiel with Altona. Soon, more lines were added: in 1845 the route to Rendsburg was opened by the Rendsburg-Neumünster Railway Company (Rendsburg-Neumünstersche Eisenbahn). In 1866 the AKE opened its line to Ascheberg and on to Neustadt in Holstein (part of which is now incorporated in the Kiel–Lübeck line) and in 1875 it opened its line to Bad Oldesloe. Finally in 1877 the line to and from Heide was opened by the West Holstein Railway Company (Westholsteinische Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft). The AKN Railway reached Neumünster in 1916, but at first its trains terminated in Neumünster-Süd station.
The original station building was demolished in 1974 and replaced by a modern building.
In September 1985 the line from Neumünster to Ascheberg was closed to passenger traffic. In November 1995, freight traffic on the line was also officially closed.
Since 2009, some modernisation has been carried out at the station. Thus, the passenger information systems have been replaced. Facilities on the platforms have been modernised and lifts to the platforms have been replaced.
More recent modernisation includes provision of automatic ticket machines. However if you need help with your ticket purchase and/or need to use the DB ticket office, it is not situated in the Station building but in Rendsburger Strasse over the road from the station. A sign by DB to explain this to passengers is needed.
Operations
In long-distance traffic ICE, EC and IC run on the roads from Hamburg to Kiel und Flensburg. Services which are no longer offered include ICE services to/from Copenhagen/Berlin Ostbahnhof and CNL services to/from Kopenhagen/Amsterdam.
Regional Transport
The following regional services serve the station:
(as of 2019)
Tracks
The station has six tracks that are used in passenger transport. Normally they are used as follows:
Platform track 1: trains to and from Bad Oldesloe.
Platform track 2: trains to and from Kaltenkirchen–Hamburg-Eidelstedt.
Platform tracks 3, 4 and 5: trains to and from Hamburg, Kiel and Flensburg.
Platform track 6: trains operate to and from Heide–Büsum.
Notes
External links
Railway stations in Schleswig-Holstein
Neumünster
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1844
Trioceros goetzei, the Ilolo chameleon or Goetze's whistling chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in Tanzania and Malawi.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1899
Taxa named by Gustav Tornier
Reptiles of Tanzania
Reptiles of Malawi
Airframer is a trade magazine and directory relating to aerospace design and manufacturing. The first issue of the magazine was released in September 2005. It is published by Stansted News Limited with offices located at Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom.
See also
Aircraft Manufacturer
Air Frame
References
External links
Aviation magazines
Business magazines published in the United Kingdom
English-language magazines
Magazines established in 2005
Professional and trade magazines
2005 establishments in the United Kingdom
Košice International Airport () is an international airport serving Košice, Slovakia. It is the second largest international airport in Slovakia. It is located to the south of St Elisabeth Cathedral, above sea level, covering an area of . It serves both scheduled and charter, domestic and international flights. Airport capacity is currently 800,000 passengers a year.,
Košice Airport operates 10 direct flights to the following destinations - Prague (Ryanair), Warsaw - Fryderyk Chopin Airport (LOT Polish Airlines) and Warsaw - Modlin Airport (Ryanair), Vienna (Austrian Airlines and Ryanair), London - to London Luton Airport (Wizz Air ) and London-Stansted Airport (Ryanair), Doncaster-Sheffield (Wizz Air), Liverpool (Ryanair) and Dublin (Ryanair). More than 500 destinations are available with a maximum of one change.
History
Construction of today's airport began in the 1950s near the suburb of Barça. In 1954 construction began on the first part of the new passenger terminal, hangar and new control tower. In 1955 direct flights began between Košice and Prague. The power supply was enhanced by more powerful transformers in 1962. Increasing traffic required a larger passenger terminal by the mid 1960s. The foundation of the SNP Air Force Academy in 1973 strengthened aviation in the then republic of Czechoslovakia. Between 1974 and 1977 the runway was increased by , the power supply rebuilt and a lighting system installed to meet CAT II ICAO specifications. Military aviation at the airport stopped in 2004.
Another extensive reconstruction of the runways and equipment area took place in 1992-1993. In 2001, the construction of a new terminal began, which was opened in 2004 and in 2005 was awarded the title Construction of the Year 2005. In 2004, the business company Letisko Košice - Airport Kosice, a.s. was established, in which a strategic partner joined in 2006. In 2007, the handling area was expanded, which increased the number of stands.
After the completion of the new terminal, the airport was privatized, currently it has the largest share (66%) of business in the airport KSC Holding, a. s., whose majority shareholder is Vienna-Schwechat Airport, and the remaining share (34%) is owned by the Slovak Republic.
Airport charges
Košice Airport has charges comparable to nearby airports in Vienna, Prague and Budapest. The airport is trying to attract new carriers and fly out new routes from Košice. Carriers who want to introduce new lines are designated Growth Incentive Scheme, which reduces their fees.
Terminals
The total area of Terminal 1 is , of which more than is designed for the travelling public. Facilities include international and domestic departure and domestic gates, aviation and travel agencies, a nursery, a quiet room, and comfortable business lounge. There are also restaurants, car rental booths and small shops.
Airlines and destinations
The following airlines operate scheduled services to and from Košice Airport:
Statistics
:
Routes to and from Košice Airport (2022)
Potential of Košice
The city of Košice has a historically industrial tradition, in addition to the metallurgical industry, there is a developed engineering, construction, food, printing and textile industries. There are also established companies operating in the field of wholesale, distribution of goods and services - catering, accommodation, financial and banking institutions.
The city of Košice is the most economically strong and natural center not only in eastern Slovakia, but also in the cross-border region (covering part of Hungary, Ukraine and Poland). This also supports the channeling of domestic and foreign investment to the city itself or its immediate vicinity, as well as the development of SMEs. Due to their importance and size, they rank in Slovakia just behind its capital (Bratislava). It is home to state, self-governing and financial institutions, universities, research and development institutes, cultural and sports facilities, as well as consulates.
The city continues to provide many business opportunities, has an advantageous geographical and strategic location with respect to the Schengen border, the city has an economically active population with diverse levels of education and qualifications.
The city of Košice and eastern Slovakia offers undiscovered attractions, Unesco world heritages, cultural events, historical monuments and natural beauties.
Catchment area of Košice Airport is more than 3 million inhabitants of eastern Slovakia and border areas.
Ground Transport
Košice Airport can easily be accessed by car, taxi or bus as it is located from the city center.
Bus
Bus 23 is operated by the local public transport company. It connects the airport and the station square, where you can find a bus and train station. The bus route passes through the city center and it takes about 20 minutes.
Taxi
The official partner of the airport is AIRTAXI which provides 24-hour service and has fully air-conditioned premium Škoda Superb vehicles. The price of transport from the airport to the city center is 18 €. AirTaxi dispatching will arrange a vehicle for you on the exact date and time or for your arrival. The driver will be waiting for you with a name tag in the arrival hall.
Car
The airport lies directly adjacent to the highway which leads to the ring road. Passengers driving their own cars can park at the airport parking lots. You have a choice of 3 parking lots: short-term parking P1, long-term parking P2, long-term parking P3 for parking during longer journeys, the minimum parking time there are 8 hours. Your car will be monitored by a camera system throughout the parking period. Car rental facilities are also available at the airport.
References
External links
Košice International Airport (official site)
Buildings and structures in Košice
A
Airports in Slovakia
20th-century architecture in Slovakia
Lee Jong-ae (born 18 March 1975) is a Korean former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, the 2000 Summer Olympics, the 2004 Summer Olympics, and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1975 births
Living people
South Korean women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of South Korea
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Incheon
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Longford is a ward in the north of Coventry, West Midlands, England. The population of the Ward as taken at the 2011 census was 18,538. It is covered by the Coventry North East constituency and bounded by the wards of Holbrooks, Henley, Upper Stoke and Foleshill.
Features
The neighbourhoods covered by the ward include Longford Village, Foxford, Rowleys Green, Alderman's Green, Hawkesbury, Bell Green, Manor House, Hall Green, Courthouse Green, Woodshires and Little Heath.
Longford is mainly residential, but it also has industrial areas and a few green areas, such as Longford Park and Longford Community Nature Park, which are in close proximity on opposite sides of Longford Road. In the north of the ward is the Coventry Building Society Arena, home to Wasps and Coventry City. Also part of the complex is Arena Park a Retail Centre including a Tesco Extra. Riley Square shopping centre is another shopping centre in the ward. Longford is also served by one library: Bell Green Library.
Demographics
The 2001 UK Census found that there were 17,601 people living in Longford, with a population density of 37.3 per square kilometre; 738 people were students. 2011 Census data showed the population of Longford had increased to 18,538 people. Longford has an area of 472 square kilometres. The number of people who were unemployed in Longford was 522 according to the Office for National Statistics in June 2006. 12,409 people were of a working age. The largest employer in the ward in 2004 was Henley College. Henley College is currently known as the Henley Campus of Coventry College.
Education
Foxford Community School is the area's secondary school. Primary education is provided by
Grangehurst Primary School.
History
The area is referred to as early as the 15th century, stating that there were houses and cottages in the areas of Longford and Foxford however these had not developed to form hamlets. A census in 1730 stated that there were only 20 houses in Longford and Foxford. Longford began to develop in the mid-18th century when the ribbon weaving industry and a flourishing coal mine at Hawkesbury encouraged workers and their families to move into Longford.
Historically Longford was part of Bedworth, under the parish of Exhall. During this period Thomas Mann, an English trade unionist and the First World War pacifist was born here. Longford was and still is on the main route from the mining districts of Nuneaton and Bedworth to Coventry. Longford at present is a suburb of Coventry.
Canals
The Coventry Canal passes through the area. On the towpath is a sculpture named 'The Stone Sofa', by Tim Shutter. Unveiled on 31 May 1997, it was commissioned by Groundwork Coventry as part of the Coventry Canal Art Trail, and is owned by the City Development Directorate at Coventry City Council. The sculpture is 1.4 metres high, 2.4 metres wide and approximately one metre deep and carved out of solid sandstone.
The Oxford Canal was started in the area in 1769 and the first 10 miles were completed by 1771. The two canals passed alongside each other from Hawkesbury to Longford as the Coventry Canal Company and the Oxford Canal Company were unable to agree on tolls. Following a court injunction taken out by the Coventry Canal Company, the two canals were joined at Longford in 1777. The current junction of the canals is Hawkesbury Junction.
Gallery
References
External links
Foxford School and Community Arts College
Salem Baptist Church, Longford
Suburbs of Coventry
Wards of Coventry
Stephen Conroy or Steve Conroy may refer to:
Steve Conroy (footballer) (1956–2021), English goalkeeper
Stephen Conroy (born 1963), Australian politician
Stephen Conroy (artist) (born 1964), Scottish figurate painter
Steve Conroy (referee) (born 1966), Scottish football referee
The brown-capped fantail (Rhipidura diluta) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae.
It is found in the Lesser Sunda Islands (Sumbawa and Flores).
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
brown-capped fantail
Birds of the Lesser Sunda Islands
Birds of Flores
brown-capped fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Cerro de la Silla is a mountain and natural monument located within the metropolitan area of the city of Monterrey, Nuevo León, in northeastern Mexico. Named for its distinctive saddle-shaped profile when viewed from the west, it is a well-known symbol of the city of Monterrey, despite being located in the adjacent municipality of Guadalupe.
It covers an area of 60.5 square kilometres (23 mi²). The mountain has four peaks: Pico Antena, Pico Norte, Pico Sur and Pico la Virgen; Pico Norte (North Peak) is the highest at 1820 m (5970 ft) while Pico la Virgen (Virgin's Peak) is the lowest at 1750 m (5740 ft).
Set aside as a natural monument by the Mexican government in 1991, the mountain, or hill, as mountains are often referred to in Mexico, is a popular recreational area and is often climbed by hikers who take a 5.3 km (3.3 mi) trail to reach the top. The ascent is considered to be fairly difficult, taking approximately 3 hours to complete. A panoramic view of the city of Monterrey can be seen from the top.
In the second half of the 20th century, an aerial tramway (Teleférico en Monterrey) was built on the north side of the mountain to give the fastest access to the iconic mountain for the population. The day of its inauguration on June 2, 1961 was also the day of its closure, as a tragic accident took the lives of five people, including the engineer Jesús Fernández, its designer. Only the upper station remains of the tramway. Several plans have been announced to rebuild another tramway with no results.
Some other known mountains or elevations of the zone are: Cerro de las Mitras, the Sierra Madre Oriental with the Cerro de Chipinque —the M-shaped figure visible from various parts of the city—, the Cerro del Topo Chico, Cerro del Obispado, Cerro de la Loma Larga and La Huasteca.
Gallery
References
External links
Cerro de la Silla information (Spanish)
Mexico Desconocido (Spanish)
Landmarks in Monterrey
Sierra Madre Oriental
Landforms of Nuevo León
Natural monuments of Mexico
Protected areas of Nuevo León
Silla
Rock formations of Mexico
North American 5000 m summits
Protected areas of the Sierra Madre Oriental
Bohdanivka (; ) is a village in Volnovakha Raion (district) in Donetsk Oblast of eastern Ukraine, at 57.7 km SSW from the centre of Donetsk city.
The War in Donbass, that started in mid-April 2014, has brought along both civilian and military casualties. Three Ukrainian servicemen were killed at the village on 27 June 2018.
Demographics
In 2001 the settlement had 90 inhabitants. Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian — 53.33%
Russian — 45.56%
References
Villages in Volnovakha Raion
Kevin James Sharpe (23 January 1950 – 6 November 2008) was a mathematician, theologian, archaeologist, Anglican priest and professor at Union Institute & University.
He is known for his publications on the relationship between religion and science, on the interpretation of quantum physics by David Bohm, as well as for his investigations with Leslie Van Gelder on finger flutings in the Rouffignac cave.
Education
In 1975, he obtained a Ph.D. in mathematics from La Trobe University, Melbourne, Australia, under supervision of Graham Elton, with a thesis entitled “Relationships between Group Topologies”.
In 1976, Sharpe was ordained as an Anglican priest.
He obtained a second Ph.D. in religious studies in 1987 from Boston University, Boston, Massachusetts, for work performed under supervision of Professors Robert S. Cohen of the Philosophy Department, and Harold H. Oliver with the topic “Christian Theology and the Physics, Metaphysics, and Mathematics of David Bohm”, which later led to his book published in 1993.
Career
Since 1987, Kevin Sharpe was professor in the Graduate College of the Union Institute & University, Cincinnati, and associate director of research at the Ian Ramsey Centre for Science and Religion, University of Oxford, England.
He was editor of Theology and the Sciences of the Fortress Press series as of 1991, founding editor of Science & Spirit, and member of the advisory boards of Anthropology of Consciousness, of Zygon: Journal of Religion & Science and of the Center for Humility Theology at the John Templeton Foundation.
Sharpe authored more than 130 journal articles.
Finger flutings
Together with his second wife, Dr. Mary Catherine Lacombe, Kevin J. Sharpe wrote several articles on finger flutings, after doing research in the Rouffignac cave and in Australian caves. Dr. Lacombe, who had a PhD in writing along with experience in childhood education made the connection between these finger flutings and mnemonic devices that young children use. <Line Markings as Systems of Notation? (with Mary Lacombe). In News 95: International Rock Art Congress – North, East, West, South, 1995 IRAC – 30 August-6 September 1995 – Proceedings (Pinerolo, Italy: IFRAO – International Federation of Rock Art Organizations, 1999), p. 46> and <NEWS 95 – International Rock Art Congress Proceedings_files/sharp.htm>.) Continuing with his third wife Leslie Van Gelder, Kevin J. Sharpe, pursued his interest in archaeology lectured extensively on early cave paintings and markings, in particular on finger flutings by men, women, and children in the Rouffignac cave. They continued to interpret these as early mnemonic devices and a precursor to writing.
Books
Kevin J. Sharpe: Science of God: Truth in the Age of Science, Rowman and Littlefield, 2006,
Kevin J. Sharpe, Rebecca Bryant: Has Science Displaced the Soul? Debating Love and Happiness, Rowman and Littlefield, 2005,
Kevin J. Sharpe: Sleuthing the Divine: The Nexus of Science and Spirit, Minneapolis, Fortress Press, 2000,
Kevin J. Sharpe: David Bohm's World: New Physics and New Religion, Bucknell University Press, 1993,
Kevin J. Sharpe: From Science to an Adequate Mythology, Science, Religion, and Society Series, No. 1, 1984,
References
External links
Personal web site
Obituary, Union Institute & University
1950 births
2008 deaths
20th-century mathematicians
20th-century American theologians
21st-century American theologians
The is the oldest extant Japanese dictionary of Chinese characters. The title is also written 篆隷万象名義 with the modern graphic variant ban (万 "10,000; myriad") for ban (萬 "10,000; myriad").
The prominent Heian Period monk and scholar Kūkai, founder of the Shingon Buddhism, edited his Tenrei banshō meigi around 830-835 CE, and based it upon the (circa 543 CE) Chinese Yupian dictionary. Among the Tang Dynasty Chinese books that Kūkai brought back to Japan in 806 CE was an original edition Yupian and a copy of the (121 CE) Shuowen Jiezi. One of the National Treasures of Japan held at the Kōzan-ji temple is an 1114 copy of the Tenrei banshō meigi.
The Chinese Yupian dictionary defines 12,158 characters under a system of 542 radicals (bùshǒu 部首), which slightly modified the original 540 in the Shuowen jiezi. The Japanese Tenrei banshō meigi defines approximately 1,000 kanji (Chinese characters), under 534 radicals (bu 部), with a total of over 16,000 characters. Each entry gives the Chinese character in ancient seal script, Chinese pronunciation in fanqie, and definition, all copied from the Yupian. The American Japanologist Don Bailey writes:
At the time of its compilation, calligraphic style and the Chinese readings and meanings of the characters were probably about all that was demanded of a dictionary, so that the Tenrei banshō meigi suited the scholarly needs of the times. It was compiled in Japan by a Japanese but is in no sense a Japanese dictionary, for it contains not one Wakun (Japanese reading).
In modern terms, this dictionary gives borrowed on'yomi "Sino-Japanese readings" but not native kun'yomi "Japanese readings". A later Heian dictionary, the (898-901 CE) Shinsen Jikyō was the first to include Japanese readings.
Ikeda Shoju has studied the conversion of JIS encoding to Unicode in order to create an online Tenrei banshō meigi.
References
Further reading
Mori Shiten 林史典. (1996). "篆隷万象名義 (Tenrei banshō meigi)." In Nihon jisho jiten 日本辞書辞典 (The Encyclopedia of Dictionaries Published in Japan), Okimori Takuya 沖森卓也, et al., eds., pp. 196–197. Tokyo: Ōfū.
9th-century Japanese books
Japanese dictionaries
Late Old Japanese texts
Heian-period books
Aurelio Oehlers (born 5 February 2004) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for Jong Utrecht.
Career
Oehlers played youth football for Sporting Almere, ASC Waterwijk and Ajax. In 2017, he moved to the FC Utrecht academy, where he in 2019 signed his first professional contract as a 15-year-old, keeping him at the club until 2023. He made his debut in professional football for Jong FC Utrecht in the Eerste Divisie on 19 December 2020, in the 3–1 away loss to De Graafschap, coming on as a substitute in the 80th minute for Tim Pieters. On 30 April 2021, Oehlers scored his first goal in a 4–0 league win over TOP Oss.
Career statistics
References
2004 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Surinamese footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Dutch sportspeople of Surinamese descent
Association football forwards
AFC Ajax players
FC Utrecht players
Jong FC Utrecht players
Eerste Divisie players
Footballers from Almere
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1522.
Events
September 21 – Luther Bible: Martin Luther's translation of the Bible's New Testament into Early New High German from Greek, Das newe Testament Deutzsch, is published in Germany, selling thousands in the first few weeks.
Luo Guanzhong's 14th-century compilation Romance of the Three Kingdoms is first printed, as Sanguozhi Tongsu Yanyi.
New books
Prose
Desiderius Erasmus – Novum Testamentum (Greek Textus Receptus of the New Testament, third edition)
Martin Luther – Against Henry, King of the English (Contra Henricum Regem Anglie)
Adam Ries –
Drama
Niklaus Manuel Deutsch I – Vom Papst und Christi Gegensatz
The World and the Child (Mundus et Infans, published)
Poetry
Thomas Murner – Von dem grossen Lutherischen Narren ("Of the Great Lutheran Fool")
Births
February – Jean de Nostredame, Provençal historian (died c.1576)
June 1 – Dirck Volckertszoon Coornhert, Dutch classical scholar (died 1590)
unknown dates
Joachim du Bellay, French poet (died 1560)
Siôn Tudur, Welsh poet (died 1602)
Deaths
January 25 – Raffaello Maffei, Italian humanist historian and theologian (born 1451)
February 25 – William Lilye, English classical scholar (born c. 1468)
June 30 – Johann Reuchlin, German humanist scholar and poet (born 1455)
September – Gavin Douglas, Scottish poet and bishop (born c. 1474)
References
1522
1522 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Wayne Patrick "Pat" Priest (November 1940 – October 12, 2018) was a San Antonio, Texas state court judge who has presided over a number of nationally and regionally important cases.
Tom DeLay campaign finance trial
As the senior District Judge of Bexar County (in semi-retired) status, he was appointed to preside over the Tom DeLay campaign finance trial in Austin, Texas by Chief Justice of Texas Supreme Court Wallace B. Jefferson after two judges (Administrative Judge B. B. Schraub and District Judge Bob Perkins) were recused in the case.
In January 2011, Priest sentenced DeLay to three years in prison. DeLay's conviction was overturned by the Texas 3rd Court of Appeals on September 19, 2013, which noted in part that "the jury on two occasions had asked trial Judge Pat Priest whether the $190,000 was 'illegal at the start of the transaction' or 'procured by illegal means originally,'" and that "the judge never answered the jurors' questions". The Court of Appeals was upheld by the Texas Supreme Court, and DeLay appellate attorney Brian Wice said afterwards that this was due in part to "Judge Pat Priest with his novel legal theory".
Other cases
In 2015, Priest presided over the exoneration hearing of the "San Antonio Four", four women collectively accused and convicted of child molestation in 1994. Priest ultimately ruled that the women should be given a new trial, although he "refused to declare their 'actual innocence'". The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals exonerated them, asserting in plain but forceful language that they did not sexually assault anyone in 1994, for which they had spent years in prison.
Priest has presided over a wide range of murder cases.
Priest has used shock probation, releasing convicted criminals from prison shortly into their sentence with the expectation that the brief prison experience will be sufficient to rehabilitate the prisoner. His use of that methodology has drawn criticism and defenders.
Personal life
Priest attended St. Mary's University Law School. He authored a criminal procedure casebook.
Patrick's father was Hubert Priest and his mother was Mae Mercereau. He has an older brother and two younger half-siblings.
References
External links
Letter from Chief Justice Wallace B. Jefferson
1940 births
2018 deaths
Texas state court judges
Date of birth missing
Place of birth missing
Lawyers from San Antonio
St. Mary's University School of Law alumni
20th-century American judges
Ilse Kokula (born January 13, 1944) is a German sociologist, educator, author and lesbian activist in the field of lesbian life. She was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Early years
Ilse Kokula was born in Żagań, Silesia in 1944, grew up in Franconia, and has been living in Berlin since 1971. As the eldest daughter with eight siblings, only one auxiliary job was planned for her, which is why she already had to fight for her apprenticeship as a cook. She sought and found support so that she could catch up on her schooling and study social work at the Higher Technical College. She successfully completed her studies in Bavaria in 1967.
Career
After a few years as a social worker, Kokula attended the Berlin College of Education and enrolled in pedagogy. She wrote her diploma thesis about the lesbian group of the LAZ (Lesbian Action Center West Berlin), in which she herself was active. In the mid-1970s, when lesbians were socially still hushed up, Kokula published this work under the pseudonym "Ina Kuckuck" under the title "The fight against oppression" in the publishing house Frauenoffensive in Munich. She then worked in practice for several years before obtaining a doctorate in sociology at the University of Bremen in 1982. The result was two more books: Female Homosexuality around 1900 and Forms of Lesbian Subculture. In 1985, Kokula was appointed by the University of Utrecht as the first visiting scholar for "social history and socialization of lesbian women" on a special chair and thus received the title of professor.
She taught, learned and made many contacts and then worked for several years as a freelance researcher and lecturer, until she became an equal opportunity officer of the Gender Equality Department of the Senate of Berlin in West Berlin in the year of the fall of the Berlin Wall (1989).
There, she presented topics at conferences, for discussion. such as the questions of persecution of homosexuals in Nazi Germany and the Holocaust should be commemorated, how city authorities could promote lesbian and gay emancipation, or what history and perspectives lesbians and gays would have in the new federal states (formerly GDR). These and many other discussions were published in the "Lesbian-Gay Emancipation Documents" section of the Homosexual Lifestyles Unit (edited by the Senate Department for Youth and Family, Berlin).
For more than four decades, Kokula has been connecting different levels: as a researcher, she published pioneering works on the present and history of lesbian women as early as the 1970s and early 1980s, on the basis of which younger researchers in history, sociology, psychology and literary studies could build. Kokula has worked as a political fighter in the women and lesbian movement (including women's group of homosexual action West Berlin, short: HAW), later Lesbian Action Center West Berlin, in the journals UKZ – "Our little newspaper" and the "Swiss Lesbian Front"). She has also maintained lesbian- gay co-operation (among other things the lesbian-gay trade union group of the ÖTV established, and at the exhibition "Eldorado: Homosexual women and men in Berlin 1850–1950", which took place in 1984 in Berlin.
Kokula connected many lesbians from East and West, from the Netherlands, Austria, Switzerland and Germany before the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and thereafter. As the first equal opportunities officer in the "Department for same-sex lifestyle of the Berlin Senate" has brought them from 1989 to 1996 numerous topics through meetings and publications in the social debate and in the "Community Lesbian and gay politics" of the district office Berlin-Charlottenburg Expert participated.
Kokula was a committed member of the women's and lesbian movement (including the founding founder of the Foundation for the Archive of the German Women's Movement ). As a lesbian researcher and emancipation fighter, the role of a gender equality officer in the administration was a source of tension inside and outside the institutions and stakeholders. After seven years, Ilse Kokula left this post and moved her field of activity into the field of youth protection.
Since her retirement in 2004, she has been working as a volunteer at the Frieda Women's Center in Berlin, where she regularly organizes lectures and discussions on various aspects of lesbian life.
Works
As author
. , Munich 1975. (using pseudonym: Ina Kuckuck). (in German)
. , Munich 1981. (in German)
. , Berlin 1983. (in German)
. 1986. (in German)
. 1987. (in German)
. , Zürich/ Bern 1991. (in German)
Manfred Baumgardt, Ralf Dose, Manfred Herzer, Hans-Günter Klein, Ilse Kokula, Gesa Lindemann: . Westberlin: Rosa Winkel, 1985 (). (in German)
2. . Hamburg: von Bockel, 1992. (). (in German)
As editor
"How informed is the administration?" Senate Department for School, Youth and Sports, Department for Same-Sex Lifestyles, Berlin 1996. (in German)
"Commemorate the homosexual Nazi victims. 1st ed." Senate Department for Youth and Family, Department for Same-Sex Lifestyles Berlin 1995. (in German)
"Lesbians, gays, partnerships. 1st ed." Senate Department for Youth and Family, Department for Same-Sex Lifestyles Berlin 1994. (in German)
"Aspects of lesbian and gay emancipation in local governments." Senate Administration for Women, Youth and Family Berlin 1991. (in German)
"History and perspectives of lesbians and gays in the new federal states." Senate Department for Youth and Family Berlin 1991. (in German)
References
1944 births
20th-century German educators
People from Żagań
LGBT rights activists from Germany
20th-century German non-fiction writers
20th-century German women writers
LGBT writers from Germany
Living people
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Uvariopsis guineensis is a species of plant in the Annonaceae family. It is native to
Guinea, Ivory Coast, Liberia, and Sierra Leone. Ronald William John Keay, the botanist who first formally described the species, named it after Guinea then called French Guinea, where specimens he examined were collected near a locality he identifies as Fassakoidou.
Description
It is tree reaching 10.7 meters in height. Its flowers occur clusters on the lower trunk. The very fragrant flowers are on hairless pedicel that are 20 by 4 millimeters. Its flowers have bi-lobed sepals that are 11-12 millimeters in diameter. Its flowers have 4 fleshy, oval to triangular petals that are 5-6 millimeters thick and 18-20 by 14-17 millimeters. The petals are united at their base for 5-7 millimeters. The petals are hairless inside, green on their outer surface and yellow inside. Male flowers have a mass of densely packed, brownish stamens that are collectively 5 millimeters in diameter. The fruit are positioned low on the trunk, near ground level. The fruit are on pedicels that are 6.5 centimeters long. The red fruit are irregular in shape and up to 4.5 centimeters long.
Reproductive biology
The pollen of Uvariopsis guineensis is shed as permanent tetrads.
Distribution and habitat
It has been observed growing in subtropical and tropical, moist lowland forests under dense canopy.
Uses
Based on interviews with traditional healers in Guinea it has been recorded as being used to treat skin ailments.
References
Plants described in 1952
Flora of Guinea
Flora of Ivory Coast
Flora of Liberia
Flora of Sierra Leone
Taxa named by Ronald William John Keay
Annonaceae
A desiccant is a substance that absorbs water. It is most commonly used to remove humidity that would normally degrade or even destroy products sensitive to moisture.
List of desiccants:
Activated alumina
Aerogel
Benzophenone
Bentonite clay
Calcium chloride
Calcium oxide
Calcium sulfate (Drierite)
Cobalt(II) chloride
Copper(II) sulfate
Lithium chloride
Lithium bromide
Magnesium chloride hexahydrate
Magnesium sulfate
Magnesium perchlorate
Molecular sieve
Phosphorus pentoxide
Potassium carbonate
Potassium hydroxide
Rice
Silica gel
Sodium
Sodium chlorate
Sodium chloride
Sodium hydroxide
Sodium sulfate
Sucrose
Sulfuric acid
External links
Education Center
Desiccants
nl:Lijst van droogmiddelen
Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe (March 17, 1936 – May 11, 2007), often referred to as just Osita Osadebe, was a Nigerian highlife musician from Atani. During his career spanning over four decades, he became one of the best known musicians of Igbo highlife. His best-known hit was the 1984 single "Osondi Owendi", which established him as a leader in the highlife genre and was one of Nigeria's most popular records ever.
Biography
Osadebe was born in March 17, 1936, in the Igbo town of Atani in Southeastern Nigeria. He came from a line of singers and dancers in Igboland. His genre, Highlife, encompassed Igbo and traditional musical elements. Along with this, calypso, Samba, bolero, rumba, Jazz and waltz were also present in Osadebe's musical style. It was in his high school years in Onitsha, a major commercial city near Atani, that Osadebe grew interested in music.
Osadebe started his career singing at nightclubs in Lagos in the southwestern region of Nigeria. He had been a part of The Empire Rhythm Orchestra, led by E. C. Arinze in which he had learned much of his music skills. A prolific composer, Osadebe released his first album in 1958, and went on to write over 500 songs; half of which were released commercially. After stints with the Stephen Amache Band and the Central Dance Band in around 1964, Osadebe struck out as a bandleader with his group the Sound Makers.
As he became better established, Osadebe's style matured to include social commentary, similar to, but not as confrontational as Fela Kuti. Personal trials and tribulations were usually the main topics of his commentaries. He sang in English, pidgin English and Igbo. Osadebe often extended his tracks for his audience's enjoyment, allowing room for 'people on the dance floor' to indulge in the songs. He earned the nickname "the Doctor of Hypertension" in reference to "the healing powers of his music".
Following the Nigerian Civil War in the late 1960s, the massive exodus of the eastern peoples of Nigeria (especially the Igbo) out of western Nigeria had caused the death of the Highlife's prominence in the then capital, Lagos. During the war and after the war Osadebe maintained his scheduled live performances. Jùjú music and later Afrobeat took precedence in Lagos, and in the 1970s James Brown and various other music forms became popular in the city. In this same decade, Osadebe's career had reached its zenith. After turning 50 in 1986, Osadebe started to give priority to fatherhood and gave more of his time to his son Obiora and his other children from his wives. One of Osita Osadebe's last albums is Kedu America.
Osita Osadebe died in St. Mary's Hospital Waterbury, Connecticut on 11 May 2007 after suffering from severe respiratory difficulties.
Discography
Singles
"United Nigeria" / "Okpaku Elieli" Stephen Osadebay and Nigerian Soundmakers, 1962-63 (HMV NH37)
"Sylvanu Olympio" / "Ifeayi Chukwu" Stephen Osadebay and Nigerian Soundmakers, 1962-63 (HMV NH41)
"Monkey De Work Baboon De Chop" / "Nwezigbo Omume" Commander In Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigeria Sound Makers, 1971 (6259085 PE)/"Egwu Amala"/"Ndubusi"
Albums
Highlife Parade Commander-in-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers, 1970 (PR 6386 009)
Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigeria Sound Makers 1972 (PL 6361 024)
Commander In Chief Stephen Osadebe & His Nigeria Sound Makers 1972 (PL 6361 015)
Osadebe '75 Commander-In-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1975 (POLP 001)
Osadebe In London Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1975 (POLP 003)
Osadebe '76 Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigeria Sound Makers International, 1975 (POLP 004)
Osadebe '76 Vol. 2 Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1976 (POLP 007)
Chief Osadebe '77 Vol.1 1977 (POLP 010)
Osadebe '78 1977 (POLP 017)
Osadebe '78 Vol.2 1978 (POLP 024)
Arum Achoro Nsogbu Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe And His Nigerian SoundMakers International, 1979 (POLP 032)
Agbalu Aka Azo Ani 1980 (POLP 052)
Osadebe In 80's - Oyolima Vol. 1 1980 (POLP 048)
Onu Kwulunjo, Okwue Nma 1981 (POLP 056)
Onye Bili - Ibeya Ebili 1981 (POLP 058)
Nke Onye Diliya 1981 (POLP 060)
Ogbahu Akwulugo 1982 (POLP 077)
Onye Ije Anatago 1982 (POLP 074)
Ndi Dum Tufu Dum Cho '83 1982 (SPOSA 002)
Igakam Ogonogo 1982 (POLP 089)
Onye Achonam 1982 (POLP 075)
Ok'puzo Enweilo 1982 (POLP 092)
Onye Kwusia Olieonuya Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe And His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1982 (POLP 101)
Unubi Top Special Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1984 (SPOSA 006)
Makojo Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1985 (POLP 125)
Nwanneka Special Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1986 (SPOSA 008)
Peoples Club Of Nigeria Special Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1987 (SPOSA 010)
Ife Onye Metalu Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1987 (POLP 165)
Ana Masi Ife Uwa Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1988 (POLP 194)
Nigeria Go Better Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1988 (POLP 184)
Eji - Keme Uwa Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe & His Nigerian Sound Makers International, 1992 (JNLP 009)
Late Sam Okwaraji[Polp 245 -Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe and his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1990
Ezi Oyi Amaka[Polp 232]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe and his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1990
Ndi Ochongonoko[Polp 144]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe and his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1986
Onyiewe Ewerato {Polp 008]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe and his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1983
Ofe Di Ufo [Agb 001]-Chief Osita Osadebe and his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1981
Akwa-Etiti social club[SPOSA 005]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe and his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1985
Osondi Owendi [Polp 120]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe and his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1984
Onye Atumuna [Polp 058]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe and his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1991
Onye Amamife[PMCD 024]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe and his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1994
Kedu America [XENO 4044]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe and his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1996
Ozonkemadu [SPOSA 012]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe And his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1987
Ife Chukwu Kanma [KMLP 001]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe his Nigerian Soundmakers International, 1991
Ndia na Ndia [Polp 233]-Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe and his Soundmakers International, 2004
See also
Highlife music
Igbo music
References
Musicians from Anambra State
Igbo highlife musicians
Igbo-language singers
Igbo singer-songwriters
Nigerian male singer-songwriters
1936 births
2007 deaths
20th-century Nigerian male singers
Duke Xiang of Jin (, died 621 BC) was from 627 to 621 BC the ruler of the State of Jin, a major power during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China. His ancestral name was Ji, given name Huan, and Duke Xiang was his posthumous title. He succeeded his father Duke Wen of Jin, who was the Hegemon of China.
Battle of Yao
After Duke Wen died in the ninth month of 628 BC, Duke Mu of Qin sent an army to attack the State of Zheng. They retreated without attacking Zheng, but destroyed the minor state of Hua instead. In the fourth month of the following year, when the Qin army was passing through Jin territory on their way back to Qin, Jin launched a surprise attack at the Battle of Yao (殽之戰), annihilated the Qin army and captured three Qin generals. Jin annexed the Hua state. After the battle, the power of Qin in the east had been checked for a long period.
Succession
Duke Xiang reigned for seven years and died in the eighth month of 621 BC. His son Crown Prince Yigao was then still a boy, and there was a major succession crisis, with different factions supporting Duke Xiang's brothers Prince Yong and Prince Le. Yigao eventually ascended the throne with the support of Zhao Dun (趙盾) and would come to be known as Duke Ling of Jin.
References
Year of birth unknown
Monarchs of Jin (Chinese state)
7th-century BC Chinese monarchs
621 BC deaths
The 1961–62 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 23rd season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1961 in Norwegian sport
1962 in Norwegian sport
The National Guard's 22nd Cavalry Division was created from the perceived need for additional cavalry units. It numbered in succession after the Regular Army Divisions, which were not all active at its creation. Going into World War II, the US Army Cavalry contained 3 Regular, 4 National Guard, and 6 Organized Reserve cavalry divisions as well as 1 independent cavalry brigade (the 56th from Texas).
Organization, 1940
Two asterisks indicated the unit was allotted, but unorganized or inactive, with the state of headquarters allocation shown.
Headquarters (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
Headquarters, Special Troops (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
Headquarters Troop (Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania)
22nd Signal Troop (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania)
126th Ordnance Company (Medium) (Ohio National Guard) **
22nd Tank Company (Light) (Ohio National Guard) **
52nd Cavalry Brigade
Headquarters (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
Headquarters Troop (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania)
103rd Cavalry Regiment (United States) (Tyrone, Pennsylvania)
104th Cavalry Regiment (United States) (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
54th Cavalry Brigade
Headquarters (Cleveland, Ohio)
Headquarters Troop (Akron, Ohio)
107th Cavalry Regiment (United States) (Ohio National Guard)
123rd Cavalry Regiment (Louisville, Kentucky)
22nd Reconnaissance Squadron (Cincinnati, Ohio)
166th Field Artillery Regiment (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
126th Engineer Squadron (Kentucky National Guard) **
122nd Medical Squadron (Pennsylvania National Guard) **
122nd Quartermaster Squadron (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
Stationing
The 22nd Cavalry Division was geographically dispersed across the United States, at various times composed of personnel from the Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Ohio, West Virginia, and Wisconsin National Guards.
See also
Formations of the United States Army
List of armored and cavalry regiments of the United States Army
United States Army branch insignia
References
U.S. Army Order of Battle 1919–1941, Volume 2. The Arms: Cavalry, Field Artillery, and Coast Artillery, 1919–41 by Lieutenant Colonel (Retired) Steven E. Clay, Combat Studies Institute Press, Fort Leavenworth, KS, 2011
Maneuver and Firepower, The Evolution of Divisions and Separate Brigades, by John B. Wilson, Center of Military History, Washington D.C., 1998
Cavalry Regiments of the U S Army by James A. Sawicki Wyvern Pubns; June 1985
'', The Trading Post, Journal of the American Society of Military Insignia Collectors, April- June 2009, pages 20 & 21
External links
22
William Dowall (30 April 1907 – 1972) was a Scottish footballer who played in several positions, though mainly centre forward or right back. He made over 100 Scottish Football League appearances for Motherwell during the early 1930s, the most successful period in their history in which they won the league title in 1931–32 and finished in the top three places in the two years either side of that triumph. Motherwell also reached two Scottish Cup finals (1931 and 1933, losing both) but Dowall did not play in either, with injuries interrupting his progress to an extent, and his ability to play in several roles which meant he was moved around to accommodate the team's needs but never became fully established in one position.
After a loan spell with St Mirren, Dowall left Scottish football in 1935 and joined Bury, later moving to Lincoln City. He then spent a season in France with Red Star Paris and one in Northern Ireland with Ballymena United, switching back to England with Notts County shortly before the outbreak of World War II.
References
1907 births
1972 deaths
People from Thornliebank
Sportspeople from East Renfrewshire
Association football forwards
Association football defenders
Association football utility players
Scottish footballers
Scottish expatriate footballers
Motherwell F.C. players
Red Star F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
NIFL Premiership players
Ligue 1 players
Expatriate footballers in France
English Football League players
Kilbirnie Ladeside F.C. players
St Mirren F.C. players
Bury F.C. players
Lincoln City F.C. players
Notts County F.C. players
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in France
Ballymena United F.C. players
Kim Eun-sook (Korean: 김은숙, born 1973) is a South Korean screenwriter. She wrote the popular television dramas Lovers in Paris (2004), On Air (2008), Secret Garden (2010), A Gentleman's Dignity (2012), The Heirs (2013), Descendants of the Sun (2016), Guardian: The Lonely and Great God (2016–2017), Mr. Sunshine (2018) and The King: Eternal Monarch (2020).
Career
Lovers "trilogy" and film debut
Kim first gained attention when her television drama Lovers in Paris became a major hit in the summer of 2004, with viewership ratings averaging 41.3% and a peak of 57.6% (#11 highest rated of all time). The cast and crew flew to France to film several scenes in Paris and Nice, igniting a trend among Korean dramas for overseas location shoots. A Cinderella-like story of a cheerful, ordinary girl who becomes the housekeeper of a cold and suave businessman, lead actors Park Shin-yang and Kim Jung-eun shared the Grand Prize ("Daesang") at the 2004 SBS Drama Awards. Then at the 2005 Baeksang Arts Awards, Lovers in Paris won the following awards: the Daesang, Best TV Actress for Kim Jung-eun, and Best TV Screenplay for Kim Eun-sook and Kang Eun-jung. It also became popular internationally, and Kim Jung-eun was named Best Actress at the 2005 Asian Television Awards.
Kim chose another European setting for her next drama, Lovers in Prague (2005). In a gender reversal, Jeon Do-yeon played a diplomat in Prague, Czech Republic, who falls in love with a police detective, played by Kim Joo-hyuk. Kim Eun-sook said she wanted to feature a romance in which the woman's social status is higher than her partner, and wanted to make the social difference between the two main characters as extreme as possible by also making the heroine the daughter of the president of South Korea. Kim added, "Although some might say it is another unrealistic story, a drama is a drama. I just want to make people enjoy the fantasy." Jeon won the Daesang at the 2005 SBS Drama Awards, and Kim Joo-hyuk won Best TV Actor at the 2006 Baeksang Arts Awards.
Kim tried her hand at writing for the big screen in the 2006 melodrama Fly High (also known as Loving is Okay). Directed by Kwak Ji-kyoon, it starred Ji Hyun-woo as a high school student who falls for a girl with a terminal illness (Im Jung-eun). The film was a critical and box office disappointment, and Kim soon returned to her milieu, television.
Despite overseas shoots in Hainan, China, the conclusion to Kim's loosely named "Lovers trilogy" was simply titled Lovers (2006-2007). Based on the Lee Man-hee stage play Turn Around and Leave (that also inspired the 1998 film A Promise), Kim again cast Kim Jung-eun, this time opposite Lee Seo-jin, as they played a plastic surgeon and a gangster entering into an unlikely romance. Though not as successful as its predecessors, Lovers recorded solid ratings in the high teens to low-20s.
On entertainment, politics, and body-swapping
Kim's next drama, On Air (2008), revolved around four entertainment industry figures - a newbie TV director (Park Yong-ha), an established screenwriter (Song Yun-ah, as Kim's alter-ego), a diva actress (Kim Ha-neul), and her struggling manager (Lee Beom-soo), whose personal and professional lives intertwine during the shooting of a fictional TV drama. Filled with cameos and a gossipy, insider look at stars behind the scenes, On Air was a hit, and director Shin Woo-chul (in his fourth collaboration with Kim) won Best TV Director at the 2009 Baeksang Arts Awards.
In City Hall (2009), Cha Seung-won played an elite deputy mayor with presidential aspirations who unexpectedly falls for an unwitting female government employee-turned-town mayor (Kim Sun-a). Though she left space in the script for Cha and Kim to ad-lib, Kim Eun-sook called it her funniest work. She said she used politics as a backdrop for the romance to show her idealism regarding public officials.
A love story between the rich, arrogant and eccentric president of a department store (Hyun Bin) and a brave but sweet stunt woman (Ha Ji-won) whose bodies switch souls whenever it rains, Secret Garden (2010-2011) became one of the biggest hits of Kim's career. After writing six dramas, Kim said she "contemplated on whether to write a drama that benefits the world or one that will garner good ratings" and decided to "abandon the depth I showed in City Hall" (which recorded solid, if unimpressive, ratings in the high teens). Instead, she "made an easy, light drama for the whole family to enjoy on weekends," and intentionally wrote it "to be fun." Secret Garden won Best TV Drama at the 2011 Baeksang Arts Awards, as well as Best TV Screenplay for Kim, Best New TV Actress for Yoo In-na, and the Daesang for Hyun. Kim also won Best Writer at the Seoul International Drama Awards, the Korea Drama Awards, and the Korea Content Awards.
Jang Dong-gun's TV comeback
By this time, the writer-director duo of Kim and Shin had gained a reputation for making hits, and their projects attracted high-profile actors. In 2012, after 12 years of acting in films, superstar Jang Dong-gun made his television comeback in A Gentleman's Dignity. Jang said that Kim and Shin's involvement in the project influenced his decision. After repeatedly alluding to him in On Air, Kim confessed her "ulterior motives" that she had really wanted to work on a drama with Jang. She and the crew were so determined to cast him in the lead that not only was the airdate moved back from March to late May to accommodate his schedule, but Kim, in the hopes of getting him to take the role, lied to Jang's wife, actress Ko So-young that there would be no kissing scenes. Instead, Kim wrote racy and sexy scenes, as befitting what has been called a "40-year-old, male version of Sex and the City." The drama portrayed the humorous love lives of a group of close-knit male friends played by Jang, Kim Min-jong, Kim Su-ro, and Lee Jong-hyuk, and previous On Air star Kim Ha-neul played Jang's love interest.
The Heirs
Kim said she wrote the hero of 2013 drama He Who Wishes To Wear the Crown Endures Its Weight: Heirs (also known as The Heirs or The Inheritors, 2013) specifically for actor Lee Min-ho. He starred opposite Park Shin-hye in a Gossip Girl-esque trendy drama set in a high school populated by the uber-rich. Kim said the biggest difference was writing about 18-year-olds when her previous characters had been in their thirties and forties, calling The Heirs "a teen romance for grown-ups". She admitted that she utilizes clichés, "but all my previous works used plenty of cliches and were embraced by audiences. The key is making characters that are different, so the audience forgets the clichéd setting. That's what I'm good at, and that is what I find fun. I want people to think, 'I've seen something like this before, but still this is strangely fun.'"
Descendants of the Sun and pre-produced dramas
Three years since The Heirs, Kim Eun-sook announced that she would be coming back with a human melodrama about a man and a woman who bond gradually as they save lives in disaster zones and end up falling in love. Titled Descendants of the Sun, the drama starred Song Joong-ki in his first television drama after military discharge along with Song Hye-kyo. Set in the fictional world of Uruk, Song Joong-ki plays a special forces captain who juggles peacekeeping duties with wooing a surgeon played by Song Hye-kyo. The military drama gained huge success and received immense popularity across Asia. It has given rise to the popularity of Korean soldier talk. The show also contributed to the rise of tourism in Greece, where scenes of the drama were shot.
The success of Descendants saw a change in tide toward pre-produced Korean dramas. However, in an interview, Kim Won-seok (co-writer of Descendants) stated that said there were some parts that could have been improved on if the show had been shot as it was being aired, per local industry norm.
Following the success of Descendants of the Sun, Kim Eun-sook wrote her next two dramas, Guardian: The Lonely and Great God and Mr. Sunshine for cable network TVN in 2016 and 2018. Both dramas held the highest average nationwide ratings recorded for cable dramas—12.955% for Mr. Sunshine, and 12.428% for Guardian: The Lonely and Great God—until the former's two-year long record was broken by The World of the Married in 2020.
Kim Eun-sook returned to free-to-air television with the series The King: Eternal Monarch on SBS. She worked again with Lee Min-ho of The Heirs and Kim Go-eun of Guardian: The Lonely and Great God in the leading roles. After premiering with a promising double-digit rating of 10.1%, the drama peaked at 11.6% for the second episode but ratings slid to as low as 5.2% during the eleventh episode, the lowest ever recorded for her works including her cable dramas with the series received criticisms for its screenplay, direction and editing, leading to lower-than-expected domestic popularity in Korea.
Critical assessment
Kim's trademark is slick and glossy romantic comedies with fast-flying banter. Some critics have opined that Kim writes shallow characters, and she is as polarizing as she is successful. But not only do most of her dramas appeal to a wide age range of viewers and receive high ratings, but they often have that extra element that make them pop-culture buzz projects, whether it's due to a particularly catchy line of dialogue or a recurring joke.
In 2012, she received a Lifetime Achievement Award at the SBS Drama Awards.
Philanthropy
On March 10, 2022, Kim made a donation million to the Hope Bridge Disaster Relief Association to help the victims of the massive wildfire that started in Uljin, Gyeongbuk and has spread to Samcheok, Gangwon. and donated money millions to help Ukraine war victims.
On August 17, 2022, Kim donated to help those affected by the 2022 South Korean floods through the Hope Bridge Korea Disaster Relief Association.
Filmography
Television
Film
(2006)
Awards
2017 7th Korean Popular Culture & Arts Awards: Prime Minister Award
2017 53rd Baeksang Arts Awards: Grand Prize (Television) (Guardian: The Lonely and Great God)
2016 30th KBS Drama Awards: Best Writer (Descendants of the Sun)
2014 2nd Asia Rainbow TV Awards: Outstanding Scriptwriter (The Heirs)
2012 SBS Drama Awards: Achievement Award (A Gentleman's Dignity)
2011 Korea Content Awards: Prime Minister's Award in the Field of Broadcasting (Secret Garden)
2011 4th Korea Drama Awards: Best Writer (Secret Garden)
2011 6th Seoul International Drama Awards: Outstanding Korean Screenwriter (Secret Garden)
2011 SBS 상반기 작품상: 및 특별상 시상식 특별상 (Secret Garden)
2011 47th Baeksang Arts Awards: Best TV Screenplay (Secret Garden)
2009 SBS 상반기 작품상: 및 특별상 시상식 특별상 (On Air)
2005 SBS Drama Awards: Special Award (Lovers in Paris)
2005 41st Baeksang Arts Awards: Best TV Screenplay (Lovers in Paris)
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
South Korean screenwriters
South Korean television writers
Seoul Institute of the Arts alumni
People from Gangneung
Marcus Junius Homullus was a Roman senator active in the late 1st and early 2nd centuries AD, who occupied a number of offices in the imperial service. He also served as suffect consul for the nundinium of September to December 102 as the colleague of Lucius Antonius Albus. Bernard Rémy notes that his cognomen, "Homullus", appears primarily in Italy, so this may be where his origins lie.
Pliny the Younger mentions Homullus in three of his letters. In the first, Pliny mentions that Homullus and Tiberius Catius Caesius Fronto defended Julius Bassus against charges of malfeasance while governor of Bithynia and Pontus. In the second, Pliny writes how he and Homullus defended Varenus Rufus against exactly the same charges. In the third, Pliny writes that Homullus spoke in the matter of reforming the rules of Senate elections.
Only one office is securely attested for Homullus: governor of the imperial province of Cappadocia; Werner Eck dates his tenure in that province from the year 111 to the year 114. He was the first governor of this province after its creation when the earlier province that covered most of Asia Minor was divided into Cappadocia and Galatia. While he was governor, the emperor Trajan visited the province while he was engaged on his Parthian campaign; when the Armenian king Parthamasiris demanded that Trajan send to him Homullus, Trajan instead sent Homullus' son. This son has been identified as the suffect consul of 128, Marcus Junius Homullus.
Homullus may have been the M. Junius who was pontifex in the year 101–102, whose calator was M. Junius Epaphroditus.
Homullus and the Emperor
William McDermott has identified this Junius Homullus as the Homullus who is quoted in the Historia Augusta as saying to Trajan, "Domitian was a bad emperor, but had good advisors." McDermott believes this anecdote was drawn from the hypothetical source for the Historia Augusta, the history of Marius Maximus. He notes that the identification is only possible if Homullus had an opportunity to confront Trajan, and points out the two were together in Cappadocia. Trajan had come under the influence of his military advisors, and had decided to expand the borders of the empire. "Such an eastern campaign must have been considered a dubious exploit, or even disastrous, by many of the members of the senate, even though it only gradually became evident how far the emperor would go," McDermott writes. "Surely Hadrian, if he were consulted, and his clique must have been appalled."
McDermott speculates further that Homullus counted on Trajan's affability to avoid a charge of maiestas laesa; however, Trajan decided to replace him with Lucius Catilius Severus. "Whether Homullus held any further office is not known," McDermott writes, "but his confrontation with Trajan was so much in accordance with Hadrian's future actions as emperor that he probably fared well after Trajan's death."
References
1st-century Romans
2nd-century Romans
Suffect consuls of Imperial Rome
Roman governors of Cappadocia
Chorionic (plate) vessels are blood vessels, including both arteries and veins, that carry blood through the chorion in the fetoplacental circulation.
Chorionic arteries branch off the umbilical artery, and supply the capillaries of the chorionic villi. Increased vasocontractility of chorionic arteries may contribute to preeclampsia.
References
Embryology of cardiovascular system
The Wariʼ language (also Orowari, Wari, Pacaá Novo, Pacaás Novos, Pakaa Nova, Pakaásnovos) is the sole remaining vibrant language of the Chapacuran language family of the Brazilian–Bolivian border region of the Amazon. It has about 2,700 speakers, also called Wariʼ, who live along tributaries of the Pacaas Novos river in Western Brazil. The word wariʼ means "we!" in the Wariʼ language and is the term given to the language and tribe by its speakers.
Wariʼ is written in Latin script.
Dialects
Wariʼ dialects listed by Angenot (1997):
Northern dialects
Wari'-Oro Waram
Wari'-Oro Mon
Wari'-Oro Waram Xijen
Southern dialects
Wari'-Oro Não
Wari'-Oro Eo
Wari'-Oro At
Wari'-Oro Jowin
Wari'-Oro Kao Oro Aje
Phonology
None of the segments described below only occur in borrowed words or only in specific word classes. There are some sounds not listed which are only used in onomatopoeia and can violate the usual phonotactic and phonological constraints.
Consonants
The Oro Nao dialect of Wariʼ as described by Everett & Kern (1997) has the following consonant phonemes. It is a relatively large inventory by Lowland Amazonian standards. The angled brackets represent the spellings associated with each sound.
is a trilled affricate made up of a bilabial trill preceded by a dental stop, and is only reported from four other languages. In Oro Nao, this has been analysed as an allophone of /t/ that only occurs before /o/ and /y/ which does not occur in every idiolect. In some dialects it is a separate phoneme; however, only about 24 words contain the sound, some of which are onomatopoeic. It also is used more by older speakers of the language.
Consonant Alternations
/t͡ʃ/ can become , with a tendency to surface as [ʃ] more before unrounded vowels than rounded ones: 'he is thin' can be [t͡ʃaˈt͡ʃiʔ na] or [ʃaˈʃiʔ na].
[m] can become (a sequence of the bilabial nasal followed by the voiced bilabial stop) syllable initially, most frequently before /a/ but also before other vowels. The tendency to realise it as a sequence is greater if the syllable is stressed: its filth can be [homiˈɾi] or [homᵇiˈɾi].
[n] can become (a sequence of the voiced alveolar nasal followed the voiced alveolar stop) syllable initially, most frequently before /a/ but also before other vowels. The tendency to realise it as a sequence is greater if the syllable is stressed: my head can be [wiˈna] or [wiˈnᵈa].
[j] can become before /i/: let's go! can be [maˈji] or [maˈʒi].
[ʔj] can become [ʔd͡ʒ] word initially: I am afraid can be [ˈʔjinʔ ʔiˌna] or [ˈʔd͡ʒinʔ ʔiˌna].
Vowels
Wariʼ has one of the world's most asymmetrical vowel systems. Vowels are generally expected to be somewhat evenly distributed in the vowel space, not bunched into a corner. Additionally, vowels are expected to be unrounded when front and rounded when back until "gaps" in the vowel system have been filled. Although Wariʼ has only six vowels, four of these are close/close-mid front vowels, of which two are rounded (although is uncommon). Non-native speakers have marked difficulty in distinguishing these front vowels, that contrast with only a single back vowel .
Vowel nasalisation occurs on diphthongs only; the few which are not nasalised all end in /i/. The following diphthongs occur in the Oro Nao dialect: [ẽĩ], [ãĩ], [aɪ], [õĩ], [oɪ], [ỹĩ], [ĩõ], [ẽõ], [ãõ].
Vowel Alternations
can become in unstressed syllables if the vowel in the following syllable is : it is rocking can be [pikiˈɾim na] or [pɪkɪˈɾim na].
/e/ becomes before all stops other than [ʔ], and in unstressed syllables in harmony with /e/ becoming in the stressed syllable: day is [t͡ʃɛk] because of the [k], and they went out is [hʷɛɾɛˌhʷɛt maˈmaʔ naˌna] because the [t] in the stressed syllable causes /e/ to become and the preceding ones change in harmony.
/e/ becomes before nasals, and in harmony with a /e/ becoming in the stressed syllable: it is numb is [tɪtɪˈɾɪn na].
can become in unstressed syllables when the vowel in the stressed syllable is not : its seed can be [toˈkʷi] or [tʊˈkʷi].
is a rare segment and for some speakers is evolving into in open syllables and in closed ones.
Syllables
The basic syllable in Wari' is CV(C), but suffixes can be of the form VC, VCVC or V. Only stops and nasals can occur in syllable codas. Consonant clusters are rare: /n/ is the only first segment found, and /t/, /k/ and /t͡ʃ/ are the only second segments found in non-compound words.
Wariʼ has words ending in the consonant clusters and . These have been analysed as single sounds, but apparently only to avoid complicating syllable structure. If these are separate phonemes, these clusters only occur word finally.
In the Oro Nao dialect, many consonants alternate with [ʔC] at the beginning of monosyllabic words, and always precedes word initial semivowels ( and ), including in polysyllabic words. There is a correlation between words that begin [ʔC] in Oro Nao and words that begin [ʔaC] in other dialects. For example, 'water' is [ʔkom] in Oro Nao and [ʔaˈkom] in other dialects. Loss of this initial syllable is a potential explanation of why these words have variants that break the phonotactic rules. However, these generalisations do not always hold; for instance 'thorn' [ʔpi] is pronounced the same in all dialects.
Stress
The final syllable of words in major lexical categories is stressed. The verb tends to take the primary stress, with secondary stress on the others. However, emphasis of a particular word can cause transfer of the primary stress.
Morphology
Wariʼ is a largely analytic language, which has almost no verbal inflection but many derivational processes.
Possession
Wariʼ has two main classes of nouns, xiʼ nouns (named as such because their citation form ends with the suffix /-xiʼ/) and non-xiʼ nouns. Xiʼ nouns are inalienably possessed, and therefore have a paradigm of possession marking suffixes.
Some forms have allomorphs, especially when following stems that ends in the vowel [e], for instance -con becomes -cun and -cam becomes -quem.
There is also a paradigm of nominal inflectional clitics that inflect for person, number and third person gender. These are used to show possession of a non-xiʼ noun.
Most xiʼ nouns have alternate forms which cannot be possessed. To signify possession of these forms, the inalienable xiʼ counterparts must be used. For example, to convey the meaning 'his bone or leg', the xiʼ form of the noun (araxiʼ) with the third-person masculine singular ending must be used. The nonpossessed form of the noun ('at) cannot be used with the third-person masculine singular nominal inflectional clitic.
Reduplication
Verbs
There is no affixation at all on verbs, but reduplication is used to mark aspect. Plural forms are derived by partial reduplication of the CV from the stressed syllable. This can either be a CV(CV) pattern, (where the second is optional) usually for transitive verbs: wac 'cut', wawac 'cut' (plural); cao' 'eat', cacacao''' 'eat' (plural). A CVrV pattern is usually used for intransitive verbs: cat 'break' (intr), caracat 'break' (plural). About a third of plural forms are derived by each of these types of reduplication, and the final third by suppletion.
Nouns
Reduplication of nouns can derive names or descriptive terms. Thus (mouth-1s) means 'talker', and (testicles-1s) means 'legendary character who has enlarged testicles'.
Clitics
Wariʼ has both verbal and nominal inflectional clitics, which are analysed as such and not affixes for a few reasons. Verbal inflectional clitics can occur as whole utterances as responses, as the referent is clear from the previous statement. They also do not undergo the phonological processes that is expected if they were suffixes to the main verb, for instance they do not take the primary stress, which the possessive suffixes do when they attach to xiʼ nouns.
Verbal inflectional clitics are inflected for person, number, tense, third person gender (only if tenseless), voice, and contain both the subject and the object of the verb. Where there is more than one object, the clitic represents one object based on the semantic roles present in the following hierarchy:
GOAL>CIRCUMSTANCE>THEME>BENEFACTIVE>COMITATIVE>LOCATION>TIME.
Morphophonological Processes
Wariʼ has three types of assimilatory process – regressive (or anticipatory), progressive (or preservative) and coalescent. This mainly occurs across word-initial morpheme boundaries.
Regressive assimilation occurs at morpheme boundaries involving consonants, where the consonant of the suffix causes a change in the consonant of the stem. This happens when xiʼ nouns with stems that end in -ji inflect for third-person masculine or feminine, as the /k/ in the suffix causes the /y/ in the stem to become /ts/: taraji- 'ear' + -con '3sm' = taraxicon 'his ear'
Progressive assimilation occurs over morpheme boundaries between nasal consonants or diphthongs and voiceless stops. This type of assimilation is optional but common in normal speech, however does not seem to appear in careful speech: Mon te? 'Where is my father?' can be pronounced as either [mon'de] or [mon'te].
Coalescence is the most common assimilatory process, which is often accompanied by regressive vowel harmony. There are three principles which guide the output of vowel coalescence.
If one of the two vowels is a back vowel, the output vowel will be a back vowel: xiri- 'house' + -u '1s' = xuru 'my house'
The output vowel will have the height of the highest vowel of the two input vowels: toco- 'eye' + -um '2s' = tucum 'their eyes'
If the input vowels are identical, the output vowel is identical (this only occurs with /i/+/i/ in the corpus collected by Everett and Kern (1997)).
Syntax
Basic constituent order in Wariʼ is deemed to be VOS, although it is uncommon to have multiple expressed constituents. Often arguments to the verb are indicated by the agreement affixes which form the verbal inflectional clitics, where the subject affix precedes the one for the object. A third person object or subject can either be overtly marked or just referenced in the inflectional clitic, first and second person can only be marked by the clitic. The conventions followed for glosses are those used by Everett & Kern (1997). In the examples given, the tense and mood is realis past/present, glossed as rp/p.
A verb can have up to four arguments, but it is uncommon to express more than one at a time. Instances of three or more arguments being expressed usually only come from elicited examples.
COMP sentences
COMP sentences are referred to as such by Everett and Kern (1996) because their initial position is occupied by what they refer to as a COMP or complementizer word. These give the sentence – or a variable in the sentence – a particular interpretation.
For a sentence to be a COMP sentence, it must have a COMP word in the initial position, an inflectional morpheme closely following which gives information about tense, mood, and sometimes gender, and a tenseless verbal inflectional clitic following the verb.
Here is a list of the COMP words found in the Oro Nao dialect.
{| class="wikitable"
!COMP word
!Morphological composition
!Function
!Example sentence
|-
|
|demonstrative 'that:prox:hearer'
|interrogation
|
|-
|
|ma+-on '3sm object'
|interrogation (masculine)
|
|-
|
|ma'''+-m '3sf object'
|interrogation (feminine)
|
|-
|
|ma+-in '3n object'
|interrogation (neuter)
|
|-
|
|verb 'to not exist'
|negation
|
|-
|
|verb 'list presentation'
|condition
|
|-
|
|preverbal modifier 'like'
|indication of resemblance
|
|-
|
|emphatic pronoun '3n'
|affirmation/interrogation
|
|-
|
|verb 'to be different'
|contraexpectation
|
|-
|
|demonstrative 'that neuter distal'
|interrogation
|
|-
|
|prepostition '3n'
|subordination
|
|}
Copular Sentences
Wariʼ does not have a copula verb, so sentences that would use this instead have what would be the adjective become the verb.
Definiteness
Wariʼ does not have any articles. Definiteness or indefiniteness can be expressed by either the use of demonstratives or verbal inflectional clitics containing the object. However this latter option does not always distinguish definiteness, as indefinite objects can also be marked in the inflectional clitics.
References
Mily Crevels (2012). Language Endangerment in South America: The Clock is Ticking In Lyle Campbell & Verónica Grondona. (Eds.).The indigenous languages of south america : A comprehensive guide. (pp. 167-234).
Daniel Everett and Barbara Kern (1997). Wariʼ: The Pacaas Novos language of western Brazil. London: Routledge.
Peter Ladefoged and Daniel Everett (1996). The status of phonetic rarities. Language, 72 (4), 794-800.
Margaret MacEachern, Barbara Kern, Peter Ladefoged (1996). "Wariʼ phonetic structures". In UCLA Working Papers in Phonetics 93: Fieldwork Studies of Targeted Languages IV.
External links
Pacaas Novos (Intercontinental Dictionary Series)
Chapacuran languages
Fitzroy Crossing Airport is located northwest of Fitzroy Crossing, Western Australia.
The Airport has basic amenities including an undercover waiting area, water fountain and toilet facility for passengers. The airport has a number of private hangars and helipads for light aircraft and small regional airlines. There is a regular passenger service operated by Skippers Aviation between Halls Creek and Broome that picks passengers up in Fitzroy Crossing.
Fitzroy Crossing Airport is often the only form of transportation between the township of Fitzroy Crossing and the outside world through the wet season.
Airlines and destinations
See also
List of airports in Western Australia
Aviation transport in Australia
References
External links
Airservices Aerodromes & Procedure Charts
Kimberley airports
Richard Patrick "Richie" McPhillips (born 7 July 1957) is a Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) politician from Northern Ireland. He was a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Fermanagh and South Tyrone from the 2016 Assembly election until his defeat 10 months later at the 2017 election.
Having previously worked as an insurance broker, he was elected in the 2014 Local Council Elections to serve as a councillor for the newly established Fermanagh and Omagh District Council (amassing 1,015 first preference votes (12.9%) in the Erne East DEA).
References
External links
Profile, bbc.co.uk; accessed 15 May 2016.
1957 births
Living people
Social Democratic and Labour Party MLAs
Northern Ireland MLAs 2016–2017
Politicians from County Fermanagh
Councillors in County Fermanagh
Councillors in County Tyrone
Roger Brereton was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1604 to 1611
Brereton the third son of Owen Brereton of Borras near Gresford, Denbighshire.
He sat on the bench as Justice of the Peace for Flintshire from 1582 to 1617 and for Shropshire from 1598 to at least 1604. He was appointed High Sheriff of Flintshire for 1591–92.
In 1604, he was elected Member of Parliament for Flint.
Brereton possibly married Katherine Fulleshurst, widow of Edward Fulleshurst and daughter of Sir William. Brereton of Brereton, Lord Chief Justice of Ireland by his second wife.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
People from Flint, Flintshire
17th-century Welsh politicians
High Sheriffs of Flintshire
English MPs 1604–1611
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1507.
Events
August 26 – Following the death of Jean Molinet (see Deaths section), Jean Lemaire de Belges is appointed historiographer to the court of Charles, Duke of Burgundy.
September 15 – King James IV grants Walter Chepman and Androw Myllar a patent to found the first printing press in Scotland.
New books
Prose
Matthias Ringmann (probably) – Cosmographiae Introductio (to accompany Martin Waldseemüller's globe and map)
Francesco Spinacino – (the earliest known published scores for lute)
Poetry
Jean Lemaire de Belges – Les Chansons de Namur
Baptista Mantuanus
Mantuan Georgius
(Charge and exhortation over the arms of infidels against Christian potentates)
Parthenese
Jean Marot – Le Voyage de Gênes
Births
January 25 – Johannes Oporinus, Swiss printer (died 1568)
April 13 – Konrad Hubert, German religious reformer and hymn writer (died 1577)
June 6 – Annibale Caro, Italian poet and translator (died 1566)
Deaths
July 5 – (Petrus) Crinitus (Pietro Crinito), Florentine Italian humanist scholar and Latin-language poet (born 1474)
August 23 – Jean Molinet, French Burgundian poet, chronicler and composer (born 1435)
November 6 – Pietro Casola, travel writer (born 1427)
References
1507
1507 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Instituto Nacional de Estudios Históricos de la Revolución Mexicana (; INEHRM) is a research institute of the Mexican Secretariat of Public Education (), dedicated to studying the Mexican Revolution (1910–1920).
Pedro Salmerón Sanginés, director-general of the Institute from 2013, resigned on September 21, 2019, citing right-wing opposition. He has been replaced by Felipe Arturo Ávila Espinosa, who has a bachelor's degree in sociology from the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México and a doctorate in history from the Colegio de México.
References
External links
Books by Instituto Nacional de Estudios Historicos de la Revolucion Mexicana at BookFinder.com
Government of Mexico
History of Mexico
Mexican Revolution
Raúl Nicolas Quiroga (born January 26, 1962 in San Juan Province, Argentina) is a retired volleyball player from Argentina, who represented his native country in two Summer Olympics. After having finished in sixth place at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California he was a member of the men's national team that claimed the bronze medal four years later in Seoul, South Korea.
His nephew Rodrigo Quiroga is current national volleyball team captain. His brother Daniel is also played volleyball and his son Gonzalo plays for national youth team.
References
Profile
1962 births
Living people
Sportspeople from San Juan Province, Argentina
Argentine people of Galician descent
Argentine men's volleyball players
Olympic volleyball players of Argentina
Volleyball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Argentina
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in volleyball
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
The American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) is an organization of over 6,000 members, incorporated as a private non-profit educational corporation in 1981, as the Collegiate Volleyball Coaches Association. It is currently headquartered in Lexington, Kentucky.
The original members of the AVCA were intercollegiate coaches who banded together to form this particular coaching body. In 1986, during the San Francisco convention, the membership recognized the growing and developing high school and club communities. The name of the association was then changed to reflect these growing constituencies. The original Collegiate Volleyball Coaches Association was renamed the American Volleyball Coaches Association with the intent of responding to and serving all volleyball coaches.
The organization produces a number of publications including Coaching Volleyball Magazine, "Coaching Volleyball 2.0," "Phenom," AVCA at the Net, Volleyball Ace PowerTips and VolleyBiz.
The organization also produces a weekly national poll for collegiate volleyball similar to how the Associated Press makes a poll for NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision.
History
Although incorporated as a non-profit in 1981, the AVCA began to grow and diversify, and a full-time executive director wasn't hired until July 1983. An associate director was hired in April 1986 and an administrative assistant in September 1988.
The Association moved from San Mateo, California, to Colorado Springs, Colorado, in August 1992. The staff has increased to the following positions: executive director, assistant executive director, director of operations, assistant director of events and public relations, manager of awards and membership, manager of communications, sales manager, editor and awards and membership specialist.
In 1986, the board was increased to 13 members, due to new membership increases averaging out at about 150 per year. In 1988, a boom of 106% new memberships occurred. Since 1986, high school membership has more than tripled. The AVCA has members in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, as well as, numerous international members. At the collegiate level, all major NCAA conferences are represented and membership among the club coaches has risen dramatically.
In July 2006 the association moved its headquarters to Lexington, Kentucky and entered into an association management partnership with Associations International (formally Host Communications then IMG College). The current president of the AVCA is Anne Kordes (head coach - University of Louisville). The Executive Director is Kathleen J. DeBoer and the Assistant Executive Director is Jason Jones.
AVCA events
Beach volleyball championship
The beach volleyball championship was introduced to the women's collegiate scene by CBS College Sports with the Collegiate Nationals, an event founded by the network in the spring of 2006 to broadcast the national championships of several "action sports." The event was sponsored by the CBS College Sports Network, American Volleyball Coaches Association (AVCA) and the Association of Volleyball Professionals (AVP).
In 2006, the AVP sanctioned a combine that selected 8 players from 8 colleges and paired them into teams (title was won by Bibiana Candelas (USC)/Paula Gentil (Minnesota)). In 2007 Nebraska (Jordan Larson/Sarah Pavan) won an invitational competition of 8 colleges, which featured only two players per school, as opposed to entire teams. 2008 saw Texas win an invitational, sponsored by AVCA and AVP, involving 6 schools with four doubles squads each. In 2009, USC prevailed over an invited field of 8 colleges with four doubles squads each. In 2010, the competition reverted to one doubles squad per school, with 12 colleges invited; it was won by Loyola Marymount (Emily Day/Heather Hughes). The two-player team format continued in 2011, except that players were paired with different partners from other schools for every match, until the semi-final winners were determined. That year there was also a men's competition in the same format.
In 2010 the NCAA categorized women's beach volleyball as an "emerging sport." Beginning in the spring of 2012 the AVCA began sponsoring a national championship tournament for women's collegiate beach volleyball. The AVCA has separate brackets for teams and for individual pairs. The champions of the team tournaments are:
2012 – Pepperdine
2013 – Long Beach State
2014 – Pepperdine
2015 – USC
The NCAA granted full sponsorship to beach volleyball in all three NCAA divisions, with the first NCAA championship being held in May, 2016.
AVCA Showcase tournament
From 1995 to 2012, the AVCA put on an annual tournament held in the beginning of each season, called the AVCA Showcase. Through 2011, four teams, usually ranked in the top 15, competed for the AVCA Showcase title. As of 2007, the showcase champion had gone on to the NCAA Final Four 10 times out of 13. The only time the winner failed to advance to the Final Four was Colorado State in 2000, Texas in 2006 and Nebraska in 2007. However, only twice has the showcase champion won the NCAA Championship: Long Beach State in 1998 and Southern California in 2003.
In 2012, the Showcase featured four collegiate teams competing in one match each against the Chinese Volleyball League champion, Jiangsu.
Past sponsors include NACWAA, Runza Restaurants, Rockvale Outlets and State Farm.
Both Big West volleyball and Big Ten Conference volleyball have been prominently featured in this tournament throughout the years.
AVCA Awards
Given out annually for Division I, II, and III women and Division I/II (combined) and III for men, the following is a list of past awards for both men and women.
National Coach of the Year – Women's teams
Key
List of winners
Winners by school
Penn State leads all schools with 5 winners, while Nebraska is second with four winners. Stanford, UCLA, and Florida have 3 winners each. Hawai'i, Kentucky, BYU, and Northern Iowa follow with 2 winners each, while the remaining schools have had 1 winner.
National Assistant Coach of the Year – Women's teams
The AVC began awarding the Division I National Assistant Coach of the Year in 2009.
2021: Brittany Dildine, Wisconsin
2020: Leslie Gabriel, Washington
2019: Angie Oxley Behrens, Creighton
2018: Burdette Greeny, Washington State
2017: Lindsey Gray-Walton, Kentucky
2016: Dani Busboom Kelly, Nebraska
2015: Laura "Bird" Kuhn, Kansas
2014: Eva Rackham, North Carolina
2013: Salima Rockwell, Texas
2012: Denise Corlett, Stanford
2011: Holly Watts, Florida State
2010: Denise Corlett, Stanford
2009: Kelly Files, Oklahoma
National Player of the Year – Women's
Since 1985, the AVCA has recognized the Division I national player(s) of the year.
Key
List of winners
Winners by school
Stanford leads all universities with 10 total selections (three co selections), followed by Long Beach State with 6 selections (one co), Nebraska, Penn State, and Hawai'i each have 4 selections. Ohio State (one co) and Southern California (USC) each have 2, while the remaining schools have had 1 winner.
National Freshman of the Year – Women's
Since 2001, the AVCA has recognized the Division I freshman player(s) of the year.
Key
List of winners
Winners by school
Penn State leads all universities with 4 selections, followed by Stanford, Florida, Nebraska, Ohio State, and Texas who each have 2 selections. The remaining schools have had 1 winner.
National Coach of the Year – Men's teams
For Division I/II men. Stanford (1991–92) and Penn State (2007–08) are the only schools in which both the men and women teams' coaches won the award in the same academic year.
2021: Rick McLaughlin, UCSB
2020: No award given due to the COVID-19 pandemic
2019: Charlie Wade, Hawai'i
2018: Alan Knipe, Long Beach State
2017: Alan Knipe, Long Beach State
2016: Pete Hanson, Ohio State
2015: Dan Friend, Lewis
2014: Shane Davis, Loyola–Chicago
2013: Chris McGown, BYU
2012: Bill Ferguson, USC
2011: Pete Hanson/David Kniffen Ohio State/UC Irvine
2010: John Kosty, Stanford
2009: Bill Ferguson, USC
2008: Mark Pavlik, Penn State
2007: Arnie Ball, IPFW
2006: John Speraw, UC Irvine
2005: Marv Dunphy, Pepperdine
2004: Alan Knipe, Long Beach State
2003: Dave Deuser, Lewis
2002: Mike Wilton, Hawai'i
2001: Carl McGown, BYU
2000: Pete Hanson, Ohio State
1999: Carl McGown, BYU
1998: Al Scates, UCLA
1997: Ruben Nieves, Stanford
1996: Al Scates, UCLA
1995: Don Shondell, Ball State
1994: Tom Peterson, Penn State
1993: Al Scates, UCLA
1992: Ruben Nieves, Stanford
1991: Ray Ratelle, Long Beach State
National Player of the Year – Men's
Long Beach State, Hawai'i, Penn State, Stanford, BYU, UCLA and Ohio State are the only universities in which a male and female volleyball player was named the AVCA NPOY. Pepperdine and Long Beach State lead with seven selections, followed by Hawai'i with four and UCLA with three.
2022: Alex Nikolov (Long Beach State)
2021: Rado Parapunov (Hawai'i)
2020: Gabi Garcia Fernandez (BYU)
2019: T.J. DeFalco (Long Beach State)
2018: Joshua Tuaniga (Long Beach State)
2017: T.J. DeFalco (Long Beach State)
2016: Nicolas Szerszeń (Ohio State)
2015: Thomas Jaeschke (Loyola-Chicago)
2014: Taylor Sander (BYU)
2013: Taylor Crabb (Long Beach State)
2012: Tony Ciarelli (USC)
2011: Murphy Troy (USC)
2010: Kawika Shoji (Stanford)
2009: Paul Carroll (Pepperdine)
2008: Matt Anderson (Penn State); Paul Lotman (Long Beach State)
2007: Jonathan Winder (Pepperdine)
2006: Jayson Jablonsky (UC Irvine)
2005: Sean Rooney (Pepperdine)
2004: Carlos Moreno (Brigham Young University)
2003: Costas Theocharidis (Hawai'i)
2002: Brad Keenan (Pepperdine)
2001: Costas Theocharidis (Hawai'i)
2000: Donald Suxho (USC)
1999: George Roumain (Pepperdine)
1998: George Roumain (Pepperdine)
1997: Ivan Contreras (Penn State)
1996: Yuval Katz (Hawai'i), Stein Metzger (UCLA)
1995: Jeff Nygaard (UCLA)
1994: Jeff Nygaard (UCLA)
1993: Canyon Ceman (Stanford)
1992: Brent Hilliard (Long Beach State)
1991: Bryan Ivie (USC)
West Region Coach of the Year – Women
1993: David Rubio (coach) (University of Arizona)
National High School Coach of the Year
2017 - Alexis Glover and Zack Young
2016 - Jeni Case (Ursuline Academy, Cincinnati, OH) and Jan Barker, Amarillo High School, Amarillo, TX)
2015 - Nancy Dorsey (St. James Academy, Lenexa, KS) and Jean Kesterson (Cathedral High School, Indianapolis, IN)
2014 - Al Bennett (Westlake High School, Austin, TX) and Angie Spangenberg (Harlan Community High School, Harlan, IA)
2013 - Kim Lauwers (A.J. Dimond High School, Anchorage, AK) and Jody DeGroot (Bellarmine Preparatory School, Tacoma, WA)
2012 - Suzie Pignetti (Charlotte Latin School, Charlotte, NC) and Ron Kordes (Assumption High School, Louisville, KY)
2011 - Jeff Carroll (Billings Senior High School, Billings, MT) and Susan Brewer (Bellville High School, Bellville, TX)
2010 - Bill Morrin (Grantsburg High School, Grantsburg, WI) and Amy Steininger (Marion Local High School, Maria Stein, OH)
2009 - Bret Almazan-Cezar (Archbishop Mitty High School, Santa Clara, CA) and Anita Boeck (Arlington High School, Arlington, SD)
2008 - Todd Garvey (Mercy Academy, Louisville, KY) and Tom Turco (Barnstable High School, Hyannis, MA)
Hall of Fame
Denise Corlett
John Dunning
Don Shaw
Steve Aird
Andy Banachowski
Doug Beal
Teri Clemens
Debbie Green-Vargas
Mick Haley
Mike Hebert
Karch Kiraly
Lisa Love (coach)
Mary Jo Peppler
Russ Rose
Al Scates
Don Shondell
Steve Shondell
Tom Tait
Susan Woodstra
References
External links
AVCA website
Non-profit organizations based in Lexington, Kentucky
Volley
Volleyball organizations
Non-profit corporations
Sports organizations established in 1981
1981 establishments in Kentucky
The Bogotá Metro () is a rapid transit project under construction in Bogotá, Colombia, it is projected to be in operation in 2028. Construction started in October 2020.
History
Background
The construction of the Metro de Bogotá has been the subject of debates and studies since the 1940s when the collapse of the Bogotá Tramways made the need for a modern form of mass transport for the fast-growing metropolis evident. It has been suggested that the track routes of the defunct Bogotá Savannah Railway be utilized for the city's new metro system. Currently Bogotá has no rail service and its public transport system relies on the bus rapid transit system TransMilenio.
1950s
General Gustavo Rojas Pinilla began the process of contracting the studies of the metro with NYCTA. However, due to the coup that deposed his government, the project stagnated.
In 1955, the city's government opted for bus-based transportation.
1980s
In 1981, Fedesarrollo performed a series of studies to estimate the cost of five lines. The project consisted of a 92 Km "main" line, with a construction period of five years for the first line, and an average cost of USD $797 millions. Nevertheless, due to the possibility of the 1986 World Cup being held in Colombia, the Armero tragedy and the Palace of Justice siege, the project was archived.
In 1982, the mayor Antanas Mockus along with JICA released the Santafé de Bogotá's Transportation Plan.
In 1987, six countries proposed alternatives to build the metro.
In 1988, during Virgilio Barco's city government, it was announced that negotiations to construct the metro were being held with the Italian firm Intermetro.
1990s
In 1990, the city government and the national government agreed on the technical and juridical aspects of the metro, however a consensus about the financing method was not reached. More than thirty options to finance the system, including a tax on gas. Due to these difficulties and the economical and social instability of the country at that time, the project was postponed indefinitely.
In 1991, Jaime Castro created the Metro de Bogotá company, he contracted feasibility, financing and construction studies.
In 1996, the Law 336: National Transportation Statute was proclaimed. This law, commonly called "the metro law", mandates that the national government must contribute to the construction of a metropolitan rail system in Bogotá.
During 1996 and 1997, the National Planning Department (DNP) hired Fedesarrollo to define the financial and institutional strategy of the Sistema Integrado de Transporte Masivo (SITM - Mass Transit Integrated System) and the first metro line. The national government had already promised to cover 70% of the total cost, however the amount presented by Fedesarrollo was considered "too high".
In 1999, Colombia's economy went through a recession, which cut most of the funds destined for investing. Additionally, the crisis of the Social Security Institute (ISS) caused the government to invest heavily on it, to prevent the collapse. Since the government could not use the ISS's reserves to cover the deficits, it was forced to search for private investing, therefore impacting interest rates. This caused the metro to be postponed again, since Bogotá was in need of a mass transit system after the collapse of the tramways and trolleybuses, a BRT system (Transmilenio) was constructed.
2000s
After the inauguration of the BRT, the metro project did not progress and was commonly used as a political tool to catch voters in local elections.
In 2007, Bogotá City Council approved the budget for year 2008, including the amount to begin with feasibility studies. A week after, the president Álvaro Uribe backed the initiative to build the metro with some conditions: Phase III of Transmilenio must be continued as prevised, and that the metro should be auto-sustainable.
On March 19, 2008, the public tender for the design of the metro was published by Bogotá's city hall. Initially, 56 firms from 27 countries submitted their request. The number decreased to only six in May, and from these, only three complied with the requisites in order to ask funding from the World Bank: Ineco-Metro de Madrid, Davies and Gleave (United Kingdom) and Sener-Transporte Metropolitano de Barcelona, which won the contract. The selected consortium had a one-year term (until June 2009), to determine the outline of the first line, ticket fare, construction cost and the amount that the district and national government would have to pay; construction would start in the second half of 2011. The first line outline must, also, include transfers between the regular buses, BRT and the Bogotá's Savannah commuter rail.
The first delays occurred when Sener-Transporte Metropolitano de Barcelona, after receiving COP $19 600 million (USD $9.9 million) from the city government, stated that the studies would not be finished before July 20, 2009. The company was granted three extensions to the original term. The DNP stated that the solution of technical problems was mandatory in order to receive national government funding.
On August 19, 2009, Sener-Transporte Metropolitano de Barcelona (TMB), determined four routes for the metro: Calle 127 from Carrera 7 to Boyacá Av. in Usaquén district, going southwards through Boyacá Av. until Caracas Av., in Usme district; Primero de Mayo Av.; 68 Av. and; Carrera 13. The city mayor, Samuel Moreno, had previously proposed that the first line should go from Kennedy district, through Ferrocarril Av. until the Sabana Station, from there to downtown Bogotá through Calle 13, then northwards through Carrrera 7, and finally, westwards through Calle 72 until Engativá district.
A week after, mayor Moreno and president Uribe revealed officially the metro project: A subway beginning at Portal Américas, through Villavicencio Av., Primero de Mayo Av., Ferrocarril del Sur Av., Calle 22, Colon Av., Carrera 7, Carrera 13 and Carrera 11 until Calle 127. The cost of the first line was COP $13,9 billion pesos (USD $3920 million). It consisted of 27 Km., 20 of them underground. The final cost would be financed 70% by the national government, and also with future earnings of the metro. The cost differs from other similar projects, such as the Quito Metro in Ecuador due to Bogotá's complex soil.
In September 2009, Bogotá's mayor Samuel Moreno, announced that the system might be in operation by 2016.
2010s
In 2010, fiscal troubles besieged the city during Moreno's tenure and critics condemning Moreno's "improvisation" in the contracts arose from the congress. Moreno was arrested for improprieties in the appropriation of city contracts for public works projects, this was part of the Carrusel de la Contratación scandal. This threw the fiscal feasibility of the Metro project into doubt and the project was paralyzed. As of 2011, the administration of the new mayor Gustavo Petro announced that it would push for construction to start in 2013, he also stated that the metro should go to the northwestern Suba District, the most populous in the city.
On May 5, 2013, mayor Petro announced the "final agreement" for the construction of the metro. That agreement would validate the previous studies and the construction would begin in 2014. Four days after, he signed the final studies for the project. These would be finished 15 months after this date, in September 2014.
On October 7, 2014, Petro presented the final studies for the underground metro. The estimated cost was COP $15 billion (about USD $7,000 million), more expensive than the 2009 project. The estimated inauguration date was 2021. However he could not finish the project before his term in office finished.
Current Project
2010s
In 2016, Enrique Peñalosa was elected mayor. On April 4, he announced the design of the stations of the new project. His proposal was an elevated metro, less expensive than the previous metro. On April 25, the city council approved the creation of the Metro de Bogotá company, 70% of the Board Directors will be appointed by the national government and 30% by the local government, it also will have independence from the local government.
On September 17, 2016, mayor Peñalosa and president Juan Manuel Santos presented the definitive outline of the project: from Portal Américas until Calle 127. It was announced that the metro would be constructed in three phases: first, from Portal Américas through Villavicencio Av., Primero de Mayo Av., NQS Av., Calle 1 until Caracas Av.; the second phase would go through Caracas Av. from Calle 1 up to Calle 72; and the third phase would go from Calle 72 up to Calle 127.
In January 2017, president Santos signed the CONPES document that would set the financing of the project. In November, the co-financing agreement was approved by the Superior Council of Fiscal Politics (CONFIS).
In October 2018, the requisites to participate in the public tender for the metro were published. In November, 102 interested companies assisted to the audience for the requisites in order to participate in the tender.
In February 2019, seven consortia sent their proposals for the public tender. In June 28, Mayor Peñalosa and president Iván Duque opened the public tender. On the last days of the next month, the public tender for the audit was released. In August 2019, five consortia were pre-selected after publishing their requisites. On October 3, the tender closed and only two firms turned in their proposals: Metro de Bogotá, mostly composed of Mexican capital, and «APCA Transmimetro» composed of Chinese capital. Finally, on October 16, 2019, «APCA Transmimetro» was selected. This consortium was conformed by China Harbour Engineering Company with an 85% share and Xi‘An Metro Company with a 15% share. On November 27, 2019, the Metro de Bogotá company and «Metro Línea 1 S.A.S» (APCA) signed the USD $5.16 billion contract to design, build, operate and maintain Line 1 of the Bogotá Metro.
2020s
On January 27, 2020, Bogotá's mayor Claudia López announced studies with Findeter to extend the line up to Calle 100, in order to connect it with TransMilenio.
In August 2020, the audit consortium was selected.
In October 2020, an order was placed with CRRC Changchun Railway Vehicles for 30 driverless trains for the system. On October 20, the beginning of the contract was signed.
In December 2020, the city hall announced the second line of the metro: from Calle 72 station, westwards through Calle 72, Cali Av., Suba Av. and ALO Av. ending in Suba district.
Line 1
See also
RegioTram
Medellín Metro
References
External links
Metro de Bogotá Official Web Site
Metro en Bogotá A web site featuring news about the Bogotá Metro
Rapid transit in Colombia
Passenger rail transport in Colombia
Proposed rail infrastructure in Colombia
Transport in Bogotá
Proposed rapid transit
2028 in rail transport
Berwyn North School District 98 is a school district headquartered in Berwyn, Illinois, United States.
The district serves the northern half of Berwyn.
Residents move on to J. Sterling Morton High School West of the J. Sterling Morton High School District 201 after completion of the 8th grade.
Schools
Secondary schools
Lincoln Middle School (6-8)
Primary schools
Havlicek Elementary School (K-5)
Jefferson Elementary School (K-5)
Prairie Oak Elementary School (K-5)
See also
List of school districts in Illinois
References
External links
School districts in Cook County, Illinois
Berwyn, Illinois
Robert Aldous (born 1934 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, England) is an English stage and television actor.
Aldous studied at RADA and went on to perform in the West End in plays including The School for Scandal and The Wind in the Willows. On television he has appeared in 'Allo 'Allo, Softly, Softly, Jeeves and Wooster and She Stoops to Conquer.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
Croft, David; Perry, Jimmy; Webber, Richard (2000). The Complete A-Z of Dads Army. Orion.
External links
1934 births
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
Living people
English male stage actors
English male television actors
The bicolored tube-nosed bat (Murina bicolor) is a species of vesper bat endemic to Taiwan.
Taxonomy and etymology
It was described as a new species in 2009 by Kuo et al.
The holotype was collected in 2002 in Taroko National Park.
Its species name "bicolor" refers to the difference in pelage color of its dorsal and ventral sides.
Description
It has dark coloration around its muzzle, eyes, and lower forehead, creating the appearance of a "mask."
Its forearm length is .
Its dorsal fur is reddish brown, while its ventral fur is yellowish.
Range and habitat
It is endemic to Taiwan.
It has been documented at elevations of above sea level.
Conservation
As of 2017, it is assessed as a least-concern species by the IUCN.
It meets the criteria for this classification because there is no evidence that its population is declining.
Its range also includes protected areas.
References
Murininae
Bats of Asia
Mammals of Taiwan
Mammals described in 2009
Dhiman Ghosh (born 23 November 1987) is a Bangladeshi first-class cricketer. He represented Bangladesh through the age group levels, playing for Bangladesh A in 2003–04 and 2004–05, and appeared in Under-19 Tests and ODIs. He played 14 ODIs and one T20I for Bangladesh in 2008.
Dhiman was born in Dinajpur. A right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper, he has scored eleven first-class centuries. Also an occasional off-break bowler, his best spell of bowling in first-class cricket was four wickets for 46 runs.
He made his full international debut in a One Day International against South Africa in Chittagong in March 2008, and became the first-choice wicketkeeper for Bangladesh for most of the year ahead of Mushfiqur Rahim, although Mushfiqur returned for the 2008 Asia Cup matches. Dhiman played in one T20 International against Pakistan in April 2008, and in ODI series against Ireland, Pakistan and Australia, and played his most recent ODI in September 2008. He was dropped when Mushfiqur returned to form, and gave up his international career when he signed for the Dhaka Warriors in the Indian Cricket League.
He was banned for 10 years by the Bangladesh Cricket Board for participating in the "rebel" tournament, but along with other Bangladeshi players left the ICL in 2009 after an amnesty was offered. He has continued to play domestic cricket in Bangladesh, but has not been selected for the national team since 2008.
References
1987 births
Bangladeshi cricketers
Bangladesh One Day International cricketers
Bangladesh Twenty20 International cricketers
Chittagong Division cricketers
Rangpur Rangers cricketers
Dhaka Dynamites cricketers
Rangpur Division cricketers
Comilla Victorians cricketers
Khulna Titans cricketers
Victoria Sporting Club cricketers
Mohammedan Sporting Club cricketers
ICL Bangladesh XI cricketers
Dhaka Warriors cricketers
Bangladesh North Zone cricketers
Bangladesh East Zone cricketers
Bangladesh Central Zone cricketers
Bangladesh under-23 cricketers
Bangladeshi Hindus
Living people
Agrani Bank Cricket Club cricketers
Wicket-keepers
People from Dinajpur District, Bangladesh
Mermaid Got Married (人魚傳說) is a 1994 Hong Kong romantic comedy fantasy film directed by Norman Law, starring Ekin Cheng, Christy Chung and Takeshi Kaneshiro. Based on the 1984 American film Splash, the plot involves a mermaid who travels onto land and falls in love with a human man.
Plot
In the opening scene, a young boy named Chi is on a boat with his mother and her boyfriend. He falls overboard and almost drowns because he cannot swim. However he ends up on a beach, and claims that he was rescued by a "big fish".
Years later, Chi (Ekin Cheng) has grown up but still has a fear a water due to the accident. He has become a teacher, and obtains a new job at a local high school. Students are drawn to him because of his youth and good looks. Despite his attempts to be professional, he is aggressively flirted with by Kiki (Teresa Mak), a popular girl who has the nickname "Princess". This makes Kenji (Takeshi Kaneshiro), Kiki's on-again-off-again boyfriend, jealous.
One day Chi brings his class on a field trip to the docks. During an altercation he is pushed into the water, sinks and loses consciousness. He is rescued by an orange-tailed mermaid (Christy Chung), who takes him to shore. She is the same mermaid that rescued him when they were young, and due to this second meeting believes they were destined to meet. She releases a magic pearl from her stomach, which she uses to revive a still unconscious Chi. She is interrupted when people approach and flees in a panic. Chi accidentally swallows the pearl and wakes up, thinking that he was merely swept to shore by the water. The mermaid attempts to swim home, but discovers that she can't without her pearl. She decides to find Chi, knowing that she can pass as human with legs as long as she doesn't get wet.
The mermaid tracks Chi down to his school, and there she is mistaken for a worker's niece, named Siu-may. She is befriended by Kiki and attends the school as a student. Although Siu-may can walk on legs, she must bathe every so often to "recharge". One of these sessions takes place in the girls' bathroom, and her large tail is accidentally seen by Miss Yuen (Kingdom Yuen), a teacher, who faints in shock. Siu-may's secret is also discovered by Kenji, who promises to help keep her hidden, and the two becomes friends. After this encounter, Miss Yuen becomes obsessed with finding and catching this "big fish", enlisting the school's principal (Kent Cheng) and other friends to her cause.
Siu-may and Chi spend time together and become close. Chi discovers he can swim now, which is due to the pearl in his stomach; he and Siu-may swim together in the school pool, with Chi agreeing to be blindfolded when Siu-may claims she doesn't have a bathing suit. Siu-may decides that the best way to get her pearl back is to kiss him. After a dinner date together eating clams, Siu-may gets the chance, but she is so caught up with her new feelings for Chi that she forgets to summon the pearl. On Chi's birthday, he confesses that he has feelings for her, and Siu-may protests that he can't, because she is a "fish". Siu-may stands under the rain and allows herself to transform into her mermaid shape. Chi falls down in shock, and at that moment Miss Yuen and her colleagues run in and capture Siu-may, carrying her away.
Chi, Kenji and Kiki work together to rescue Siu-may where she is being imprisoned in the principal's swimming pool. They are successful, and they return to the docks the next morning. Siu-may has her pearl now and can return home. Chi and Siu-may declare their love for each other, and Chi adds that he'll wait for her. Siu-may jumps into the sea, transforms and swims away.
Afterward, Miss Yuen, the principal and the rest of their group follow Chi around in the hopes of finding Siu-may again. One day Chi bumps into a bridesmaid at a wedding, who looks identical to Siu-may. The principal takes a hose from a nearby gardener and starts spraying the new girl, but she doesn't transform into a mermaid, much to their confusion. The grown-ups are then chased off by Kenji and Kiki. The new girl doesn't appear to remember Chi, but when he invites her to eat clams she gets excited and lets slip that she is, indeed, Siu-may. The pair embrace while Kenji and Kiki watch.
Cast
Ekin Cheng as Chi, a young teacher at a high school, he was saved from drowning twice by a mermaid, and eventually falls in love with her.
Christy Chung as Siu-may, a mermaid who can obtain legs while on dry land, who eventually falls in love with Chi.
Takeshi Kaneshiro as Kenji, a high school student who befriends Siu-may.
Teresa Mak as Princess/Kiki, a high school student who befriends Siu-may.
Kent Cheng as Principal, the principal of the high school.
Kingdom Yuen as Miss Yuen, a teacher at the high school.
Lau Siu-ming as Uncle Lau, a janitor/general worker at the high school who mistakes the mermaid for his real niece, Siu-may.
Dennis Chan as Officer Chan, a friend of Miss Yuen and the Principal whom works together with them to capture the mermaid.
Elaine Law Suet-ling as Fatty, Kiki's best friend.
Rocelia Fung Wai-hang as Chi's mother.
Soundtrack
Faye Wong performed two songs for the film:
"Angel" – the main theme, played during Chi and Siu-may's swimming pool scene and during the end credits;
"Sky" – played while Chi walks sadly on the shore after Siu-may leaves.
These songs are released in Faye Wong's 1994 album Sky.
Reception
Far East Films said, "To see such an enjoyable romantic comedy as ‘Splash' be remade into a somewhat anaemic Hong Kong feature does little to inspire."
References
External links
1994 films
1990s fantasy-comedy films
1994 romantic comedy films
1990s Cantonese-language films
Hong Kong romantic comedy films
1990s romantic fantasy films
Films about mermaids
Hong Kong remakes of American films
Films set in Hong Kong
Films shot in Hong Kong
1990s Hong Kong films
John Stimpson (born September 1968) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Biography
A left-handed player from Mobile, Alabama, Stimpson joined the tennis team at the University of Alabama in 1987 and played collegiate tennis until 1990, earning All-American honors in his final year.
Stimpson competed on the professional tennis circuit in the early 1990s, reaching a top ranking of 178 in the world. His biggest title win came at the 1991 Nagoya Challenger, where he beat Jan Apell in the final. All of his ATP Tour main draw appearances came in 1991, at the Hong Kong Open, Japan Open and Brasília Open.
Challenger titles
Singles: (1)
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Sportspeople from Mobile, Alabama
Alabama Crimson Tide men's tennis players
Tennis people from Alabama
The 30th Venice Biennale, held in 1960, was an exhibition of international contemporary art, with 34 participating nations. The Venice Biennale takes place biennially in Venice, Italy. Winners of the Gran Premi (Grand Prize) included French painter Jean Fautrier, German painter Hans Hartung, Italian painter Emilio Vedova, and Italian sculptor Pietro Consagra.
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1960 in art
1960 in Italy
Venice Biennale exhibitions
Sven Van Der Jeugt (born 17 September 1980) is a retired Belgian football goalkeeper. He is currently the goalkeeper coach of Waasland-Beveren.
Coaching career
After retiring at the end of the 2015/16 season, Van Der Jeugt became goalkeeper coach of Patro Eisden. He left the club six months later.
In July 2017, he then became goalkeeper coach of Thes Sport, which he was for one year. He then moved to his former club Anderlecht and became goalkeeper coach for the reserve team / U21 squad.
On 25 June 2019, he was appointed goalkeeper coach of Waasland-Beveren.
References
1980 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
R.S.C. Anderlecht players
K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen players
S.V. Zulte Waregem players
Lierse S.K. players
RFC Liège players
Sint-Truidense V.V. players
Fortuna Sittard players
K.V.K. Tienen-Hageland players
Royal Antwerp F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Eerste Divisie players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
People from Diest
KFC Houtvenne players
Footballers from Flemish Brabant
Abdylla Gurbannepesov () is an Turkmen professional futsal and former soccer player. He is currently a member of Migrasiya futsal club in the Turkmenistan Futsal League. Captain of Turkmenistan national futsal team.
Biography
Employee of the State Migration Service of Turkmenistan.
Football career
As part of the FC Altyn Asyr won the 2009 Turkmenistan Cup, scored one goal in the final match against FC Merw (3:0).
In 2010 he played for the FC HTTU in Ýokary Liga and AFC President's Cup.
Futsal career
In recent years he has been playing for the futsal club Migrasiya. He became the winner of the Futsal Cup of Turkmenistan 2019 and the best player of the tournament.
International career
He was involved in the national football team of Turkmenistan for games at Ho Chi Minh City Cup in Vietnam. Gurbannepesow made his senior national team debut on 20 October 2009 against Vietnami, coming to the substitution at the 46 minute. The last call for football national team received in 2011.
He played for Turkmenistan futsal team at 2017 Asian Indoor and Martial Arts Games.
As a captain of the futsal team of Turkmenistan, participated in the final draw of 2020 AFC Futsal Championship.
Honours
Turkmenistan Cup:
Winner: 2009
Turkmenistan Futsal Cup:
Winner: 2019
Turkmenistan Futsal Championship:
Runner-up: 2018
References
Living people
Futsal forwards
Turkmenistan footballers
Association football midfielders
1985 births
Turkmenistan international footballers
Yagel () is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Lod and Ben Gurion International Airport, it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Dan Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
During the 18th and 19th centuries, the area around Yagel belonged to the Nahiyeh (sub-district) of Lod that encompassed the area of the present-day city of Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut in the south to the present-day city of El'ad in the north, and from the foothills in the east, through the Lod Valley to the outskirts of Jaffa in the west. This area was home to thousands of inhabitants in about 20 villages, who had at their disposal tens of thousands of hectares of prime agricultural land.
The village was founded on 27 June 1950 by immigrants from Iraq, and was initially named Lod Bet, but was later renamed Yagel, a name taken from the Book of Psalms 14:7;
Oh that the salvation of Israel were come out of Zion! When the LORD turneth the captivity of His people, let Jacob rejoice, let Israel be glad.
It is located on the land of the depopulated Palestinian village of Kafr 'Ana.
References
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1950
Iraqi-Jewish culture in Israel
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1950 establishments in Israel
The Robert H. Terrell Law School was a historically black law school in Washington, D.C., that offered evening classes from its founding in 1931 until 1950. It was founded by George A. Parker, Philip W. Thomas, Louis R. Mehlinger, Benjamin Gaskins, Chester Jarvis, and Lafayette M. Hershaw after Howard University ended its evening law school program. The school was named after Robert Heberton Terrell, a longtime African-American judge of the District of Columbia Municipal Court (predecessor to the Superior Court of the District of Columbia), who died in 1925.
Parker had previously served as dean of the recently closed John M. Langston School of Law at Frelinghuysen University. Terrell Law School attracted other Langston faculty. During its 19 years of operation, the Terrell School educated the majority of black law students in the city. After graduating about 600 lawyers, it closed in 1950 as other law schools became integrated.
Alumni of Terrell Law School included:
Austin L. Fickling, first black judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
Willie Stevenson Glanton, first black woman elected to the Iowa House of Representatives
Ruby Hurley, civil rights leader
John Oliver Killens, writer (did not graduate)
Harry McAlpin, reporter
Hubert B. Pair, judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
Wilhelmina Rolark, member of the Council of the District of Columbia
Faculty of Terrell Law School included:
Belford Lawson Jr., attorney and civil rights activist
Lafayette M. Hershaw, journalist and lawyer who co-founded the school and also served as president
Austin L. Fickling
Hubert B. Pair
References
Sources
African-American history of Washington, D.C.
Law schools in Washington, D.C.
Educational institutions established in 1931
Defunct private universities and colleges in Washington, D.C.
1931 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Educational institutions disestablished in 1950
1950 disestablishments in Washington, D.C.
Historically black law schools
Historically black universities and colleges in the United States
Defunct law schools
The Iowa Utilities Board (IUB) is a 3-member public utilities commission, with beginnings in 1878. It is a quasi-judicial tribunal, which regulates services and rates of electric, natural gas, water and telecommunication providers in the U.S. state of Iowa and has existed with its present name since 1986.
Brief history (1878–1986)
The history of the IUB begins in 1878 as the Iowa Board of Railroad Commissioners, whose three members were publicly elected for a two-year term. In 1911, an Office of Commerce Counsel was established within, which with increasing electrification took on the regulation of transmission lines. It was renamed the Iowa State Commerce Commission in 1937.
It was only in 1963 that the regulation of rates and services of all public utility companies (electricity, natural gas, water and telecommunications) became Commission tasks. At the same time, the legislature extended commissioner terms to six years and the positions became appointed.
In 1986, the state renamed the Commission as Iowa Utilities Board.
Authority
The Iowa Utilities Board regulates rates and services of electric utilities, natural gas utility and water utilities, and a some telecommunication companies per Iowa Code chapters 476 through 479B It supervises all pipelines and transmission lines, and the sale and distribution of electricity.
In addition it has various connected authorities like resolving disputes and dealing with complaints, enforcing safety as far as engineering standards go.
Electric utilities
The IUB regulates service and rates of the 2 Iowa electric companies, MidAmerican Energy and Interstate Power and Light Company (IPL), a subsidiary of Alliant Energy Company and also the Rural Electric Cooperatives (RECs). The latter can choose to be regulated for rates and only the Linn County, Iowa REC has chosen to do so.
Communications utilities
The IUB regulates only the service of landline telephone providers in Iowa, and neither regulates cellphone providers nor any rates. Since 2007 it issues cable television franchise agreements.
Waterworks
The IUB regulates rates and service of only the Iowa-American Water Company, which operates in Davenport, Iowa and Clinton, Iowa. It neither regulate small, nor municipally owned water utilities.
Members
Members are appointed by the Governor of Iowa for 6-year terms. the IUB consists of Libby Jacobs, Nick Wagner with Geri Huser as chairwoman.
Huser has been described as "businessfriendly".
Board members since the board's inception in 1986 are listed in the table per its website.
Court cases
Verizon Communications Inc. v. Federal Communications Commission (2002)
Sprint Communications, Inc. v. Jacobs, began in 2011
Mt. Pleasant Municipal Utilities v. Iowa Utilities Board, 2014
Hawkeye land company v. Iowa Utilities Board, 2014
Great Lakes Communication Corporation v. IUB, began in 2015
References
External links
Iowa Utilities Board Website
Iowa
State agencies of Iowa
Abdul Karim Ali Al-Iryani or Al-Eryani (; ‎; 12 October 1934 – 8November 2015) was the Prime Minister of Yemen from 29 April 1998 to 31March 2001. Al-Eryani, along with President Ali Abdullah Saleh, was the Secretary General of the General People's Congress (GPC).
Early life and education
Born in Iryan, a village in the central highlands of Ibb, in 1934, Al-Iryani belonged to a prominent family that had held government posts in the region for centuries; many of his ancestors and relatives were judges. He studied in the United States, receiving a Bachelor of Science in agriculture from the University of Georgia in 1962, a Master of Science in agriculture from the same institution in 1964, and a PhD in Biochemical Genetics from Yale University in 1968.
Career
Before Yemen's unification, Al-Iryani served in the government of North Yemen as Minister of Development (1974–1976), Minister of Education (1976–1978), Prime Minister (1980–1983), and Minister of Foreign Affairs (1984–1990). Following unification in 1990, Al-Iryani continued to serve as Minister of Foreign Affairs for the united Republic of Yemen until 1993, when he became Minister of Development briefly before returning to the post of Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1994. Al-Iryani was appointed as Prime Minister after Faraj Said Bin Ghanem abruptly resigned on 29 April 1998. He served in this capacity until 31 March 2001, when he was succeeded by Abdul Qadir Bajamal.
Main Accomplishments
- Banned imports of fruits and vegetables which resulted in a self-sufficient production of such commodities saving hard currency and creating hundreds of thousands of jobs in agriculture and trade.
- Introduced tens of state-building laws including multi-party system and democracy.
- Played a major role in the negotiation during the reunification process of South and North Yemen. (and was named the architect of the Yemen reunification)
- Convinced the UN Security Council to abolish the scheme of seceding the southern governorates from the united Yemen during the 1994 civil war.
- Opposed an eminent armed conflict with Eritrea when the latter took over the Yemeni island of Hanish in the red sea. He then led the Yemen team in an international court which ruled for the return of the island to Yemen.
- Furiously fought against corruption and in support of women's and human rights.
Later life and death
Al-Iryani was a member of the Global Leadership Foundation, a non-profit organisation set up in 2004 by FW de Klerk to support good governance and reduce conflict around the world. He has been credited with brokering the Arab Spring peace negotiations in 2012, resulting in a transition plan for President Saleh to resign.
Al-Iryani died on 8 November 2015 in Frankfurt. Mustapha Noman, a former Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, called him "the last statesman Yemen had, and will have, for another generation."
References
External links
1934 births
2015 deaths
Prime Ministers of Yemen
General People's Congress (Yemen) politicians
Leaders of North Yemen
Government ministers of Yemen
University of Georgia alumni
Yale University alumni
Center for Contemporary Arab Studies faculty
People from Ibb Governorate
Born out of the American Independent Comics Movement, Silly Daddy is a comic book, graphic novel and webcomics blog by Joe Chiappetta. Started shortly after the birth of his first child in 1991, artist Joe Chiappetta began his career as "Silly Daddy", a mostly autobiographical comic series centered on his experience (and lack thereof) as a father. Since Joe is a resident of Chicago, most of the Silly Daddy adventures take place in the Chicago area or local dreamland. Major themes in this eclectic series include parenting, family relationships, goofing off, the search for joy and meaning in life, and redemption. The print comic version and the webcomic have elements of humor, surrealism, and slice-of-life observations.
Timeline
Chiappetta began publishing Silly Daddy in 1991. A graphic novel collection of his work came out in 1994, featuring a decade of art. Chiappetta began posting Silly Daddy as a webcomic in 2004, and moved it to Blogger in early 2007.
Chiappetta was most active as a cartoonist in the 1990s, and largely moved on to writing prose in the 2000s.
Reception
Reviewing the 1994 Silly Daddy graphic novel, Publishers Weekly described the collection as reminiscent of Harvey Pekar's American Splendor at first glance, though noted the appeal of seeing Chiapetta's "considerable evolution as an artist" in the book. The art and lettering of early stories in the book are described as "terribly crude", while the book's cover is described as "genuinely handsome".
Awards
Xeric Award Winner: 1998
Ignatz Award Nominee: Outstanding Artist, 1998
Ignatz Award Nominee: Outstanding Story, 1997
Harvey Award Nominee: Best New Series, 1996
Illinois Arts Council Award, 2012
References
American comics artists
1968 births
Living people
2004 webcomic debuts
The 9th Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, film, and Internet comedy of 2007. The ceremony was held on 5 October 2008 in Regina, Saskatchewan. The ceremony was hosted by Alan Park.
Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in 24 categories. This included the first public-voting categories and the first awards recognizing Internet content. The awards ceremony concluded the five-day Canadian Comedy Awards Festival which showcased performances by over 100 comic artists. The Best of the Fest special was broadcast by The Comedy Network.
For a third consecutive year TV series Corner Gas led the nominations with nine, followed by the film Dark Rising with six. However, neither of these works won a Beaver. Seth Rogen and Michael Cera led the nominations amongst people with three. This Hour Has 22 Minutes won three Beavers followed by a number of artists and projects that received two, including Gavin Crawford, Gerry Dee, Geri Hall, Seth Rogen, and the films Juno and Superbad.
Festival and ceremony
The 9th Canadian Comedy Awards and Festival ran from 1 to 5 October 2008 in Regina, Saskatchewan. The province and city had provided $200,000 in funding to relocate the festival from London, Ontario. Fourteen shows were held in Regina, showcasing the talents of more than 100 comedic performers. The awards were also sponsored by The Comedy Network which compiled and broadcast the Best of the Fest television special, hosted by Gerry Dee. The awards ceremony was hosted by Alan Park at Casino Regina.
Winners and nominees
The Awards were expanded from 20 to 24 categories this year, including three public-voting categories: best radio program or clip, best web clip, and Canadian Comedy Person of the Year. Winners of public-voting categories were chosen by Canadian residents through an online poll.
The film Juno had been controversially excluded from Canada's industry-driven Genie Awards. Although it had a Canadian director, lead actors, crew, and had been filmed in Canada, U.S. financing disqualified it from competition. The Canadian Comedy Awards, however, were artist-driven with a mandate "To recognize and celebrate Canadian achievements in comedy at home and abroad" and awarded the film two Beavers.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Multimedia
Live
Television
Film
Internet
Special Awards
Most wins
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
Most nominations
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple nominations
Footnotes
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Culture of Regina, Saskatchewan
Awards
Awards
Political Research Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of political science. The editor-in-chief is Charles Anthony Smith (University of California, Irvine); with associate editors: Andrew Flores (American University), Jennifer Garcia (Oberlin College), Stephen Andrew Nuno (Northern Arizona University), Davin Phoenix (University of California, Irvine), Julia Jordan-Zachary (Wake Forest University), Heather Smith-Cannoy (Arizona State University), Christopher Stout (Oregon State University), Jami Taylor (University of Toledo), Angelia Wilson (University of Manchester), and Wendy Wong (University of British Columbia); and managing editor: Jacob Sutherland (University of California, Irvine).
The journal was established in 1948 and is published by Sage Publications on behalf of the University of Utah. It is the official journal of the Western Political Science Association.
History
Originally named the Western Political Quarterly, it served as the official journal of the Western Political Science Association since it was first published by the University of Utah in March, 1948. The relationship between the association and the journal was formalized in 1971. The journal was renamed Political Research Quarterly in 1992.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2021 impact factor of 2.531, ranking it 67th out of 187 journals in the category "Political Science".
See also
List of political science journals
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Political science journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1948
University of Utah
Academic journals associated with universities and colleges of the United States
Academic journals associated with learned and professional societies of the United States
Terson may refer to:
Peter Terson (1932–2021), English playwright
Terson syndrome, eye condition
Korzhev (from korzh meaning flatbread) is a Slavic masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Korzheva. Notable people with the surname include:
Dmitry Korzhev (born 1978), Russian association football player
Geliy Korzhev (1925–2012), Russian painter
See also
Korzh
Sahlabad (, also Romanized as Sahlābād; also known as Şāleḩābād and Sālihābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 237, in 67 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Cheryl R. Ganz (born 1950), FRPSL is an American philatelist who was appointed to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists in 2018.
Family and education
After her husband's death, Ganz studied United States history at University of Illinois Chicago (UIC) where she earned her PhD in 2005.
Philately
Ganz has been a collector from an early age, collecting, stamps, coins, seashells but as a teenager became interested in Zeppelins and mail carried on the airships.
In October 2005 Ganz joined the staff of the Smithsonian National Postal Museum in Washington and from January 2007 until February 2014 she was its chief curator. Following her retirement she was appointed "curator of philately emerita" for her "significant and lasting contributions" to the museum; the first employee to win this title.
Ganz is a board director of the American Philatelic Society, a society she has been a member of since 1976. She serves as vice-chair on the United States Postal Service's Citizens' Stamp Advisory Committee.
Honors
Ganz has been awarded several philatelic honors including:
2015 Alumni Achievement Award – University of Illinois, Chicago
2016 Lichtenstein Medal for Distinguished Service to Philately – Collectors Club of New York
2016 Luff Award for Exceptional Contributions to Philately – American Philatelic Society
2018 Roll of Distinguished Philatelists of the Royal Philatelic Society London
Publications
References
American philatelists
Living people
Signatories to the Roll of Distinguished Philatelists
Philatelic authors
Fellows of the Royal Philatelic Society London
Women philatelists
1950 births
The U.S.-China Working Group is a bipartisan working group from the United States House of Representatives that educates Congressional Members and staff on Sino-American relations.
Created in June 2005 by Rep. Mark Kirk and Rep. Rick Larsen, the U.S.-China Working Group educates on the Sino-American relationship's issues through meetings and briefings with academic, businesses and political leaders from both China and the United States.
Purpose
The purpose of the group is to provide accurate information to members of Congress on critical issues and provide a forum for discussion with Chinese leaders. Membership in the group does not imply taking a position on issues.
Members
Republicans
Mike Rogers
Fred Upton Retiring at end of 117th Congress.
Democrats
Rick Larsen
Adam Schiff
Jim Cooper Retiring at end of 117th Congress.
Judy Chu
Adam Smith
Earl Blumenauer
Carolyn Maloney
Bobby Rush Retiring at end of 117th Congress.
Sheila Jackson Lee
Hank Johnson
Maxine Waters
Gerry Connolly
Mike Quigley
Former members
Gabby Giffords
Jay Inslee
Mark Kirk, former co-chair
Randy Kuhl
Nancy Johnson
Chris Cannon
Rob Simmons
Joe Schwartz
David Wu
Ed Case
Sherwood Boehlert
Heather Wilson
Charlie Bass
Mark Kennedy
Charles Boustany
Donald Manzullo
Roscoe Bartlett
Phil Gingrey
Charlie Dent
Dan Burton
Todd Platts
Mike Conaway
Geoff Davis
Chip Cravaack
Dennis Rehberg
Randy Neugebauer
Aaron Schock
Todd Young
Peter Roskam
Michele Bachmann
Dave Reichert
Brian Bilbray
Tom Price
Erik Paulsen
Leonard Lance
Robert Dold
Steve Israel
Joseph Crowley
Madeleine Bordallo
Rush Holt Jr.
Colleen Hanabusa
Loretta Sanchez
Mike Honda
Norm Dicks
Mike Michaud
Jim Moran
Ben Chandler
Susan Davis
Chris Van Hollen
Jim McDermott
Ruben Hinojosa
Shelley Berkley
Edward Markey
Tim Walz
Jim Matheson
References
China–United States relations
Mitchell (Moyshe) Allen Silk is an American lawyer, author, and former government official. He served as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for International Markets under President Donald Trump. He is an expert in Chinese law and finance. He previously served as Deputy Assistant Secretary from October 2017 to July 2019.
Silk is the first and only Hasidic Jew to hold a senior U.S. administration position.
Education
Silk has a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Maryland School of Law, Certificate in Advanced Studies in Law from Beijing University, and a Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service from Georgetown University.
He also received education at National Taiwan Normal University and Middlebury College.
Legal career
Silk began his professional career as an associate at Hughes Hubbard & Reed from 1987 to 1990, as an associate at Graham & James from 1990 to 1992, as a senior associate at Chadbourne & Parke from 1992 to 1996, as a consultant and eventually a partner and Head of China Practice at Allen & Overy from 1998 to October 2017. He spent a decade in their Hong Kong office.
Public Service
In October 2017, Silk was appointed Deputy Assistant Secretary, International Affairs at the U.S. Department of the Treasury. He was the head of the Office of Investment, Energy and Infrastructure.
In July 2019, he became the acting Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for International Markets. On September 19, 2019, President Trump formally nominated Silk to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for International Markets. A hearing on his nomination before the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was held on November 20, 2019. On April 21, 2020, the United States Senate confirmed his nomination by voice vote. Silk became the first Hasidic Jew to be confirmed to a senior U.S. administration position.
Published work
Books
Silk has published a book on Chinese environmental protection law titled: China's marine environmental protection law: The dragon creeping in murky waters, and several other books,
Taiwan Trade and Investment Law,
Environmental Law and Policy in the People's Republic of China.
Articles
Are Chinese Companies Taking Over the World?,
Taiwan trade and investment law,
Understanding China's State Secrets Laws,
Post-Mao China and Environmental Protection: The Effects of Legal and Politico-Economic Reform,
New Executive Order Seeks to Jump Start the Effort to Rebuild America's Infrastructure,
G-d Bless the good people Atlanta Georgia,
Natural gas-fired electric power plants: A key element for future U.S. energy policy,
A U.S. Treasury Official's Moving Encounter With Atlanta Yeshivah Students.
Volunteer work
Since 2005 Silk has been doing volunteer work as the Chairman of "Agudath Israel of America Pro Bono Legal Services LLC" at the Agudath Israel of America.
Personal life
Together with his wife Yocheved, Silk has been a resident of Borough Park, Brooklyn.
He was sworn in as Deputy Assistant Secretary with an ancient Tikkun kor'im that had belonged to Rebbe Mordechai of Nadvorna who was from Silk's grandfather's ancestral town.
He is an expert in Chinese law and finance, speaks five languages Cantonese Chinese, English, Mandarin Chinese, Hebrew, and Yiddish.
References
External links
U.S. Department of the Treasury biography
1961 births
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American lawyers
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
University of Baltimore School of Law alumni
Peking University alumni
National Taiwan Normal University alumni
Middlebury College alumni
American Orthodox Jews
People from Borough Park, Brooklyn
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury
Trump administration personnel
Living people
Lawyers from New York City
Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Easthampton, Massachusetts, United States. It was founded in 1909. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. It closed in June 2010.
History
"The Johnny Appleseed" of Polish parishes in western Massachusetts, said Rev. Wladyslaw Kielbasinski, on November 10, 1907, while celebrating Mass in the Easthampton Town Hall, referring to the first parish collection of $9.97, as the beginning of parish fund for the construction of a new church.
November 18, 1909, Rev. John Mard becomes the first Resident Pastor.
August 31, 1919, the new, Sacred Heart School open to 400 students and 8 Felician Sisters from Enfield, Connecticut.
School
Sacred Heart School, Easthampton
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Sacred Heart of Jesus - Diocesan information
Sacred Heart of Jesus - ParishesOnline.com
Sacred Heart of Jesus - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Pastoral planning in Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Kutuzov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kutuzova. It may refer to:
Alexander Kutuzov (born 1985), Russian hockey player
Alexey Kutuzov (1748—1791), Russian mystic and alchemist
Arseny Golenishchev-Kutuzov (1848–1913), Russian poet
Danil Kutuzov (born 1987), Russian futsal player
Ilya Golenishchev-Kutuzov (1904–1969), Russian philologist, poet and translator
Mikhail Kutuzov (1745–1813), Russian field marshal during Napoleonic era
Natalia Kutuzova (born 1975), Russian water polo player
Roman Kutuzov, several people
Viktoriya Kutuzova (born 1988), Ukrainian tennis player
Vitali Kutuzov (born 1980), Belarusian soccer player
Russian-language surnames
The 1962 Michigan Auditor General election was held on November 6, 1962. Incumbent Democrat Billie S. Farnum defeated Republican nominee L. William Seidman who got 50.32% of the vote.
This was the last Michigan Auditor General election, because with the ratification of the 1963 Michigan Constitution, the State Auditor General became an appointed position, rather than an elected one.
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Billie S. Farnum, Democratic
L. William Seidman, Republican
Other candidates
Albert Mills, Socialist Labor
Results
References
Auditor General
November 1962 events in the United States
Michigan
Michigan Auditor General elections
The United States Coast Guard Yard or just Coast Guard Yard is a United States Coast Guard operated shipyard located on Curtis Bay in northern Anne Arundel County, Maryland, just south of the Baltimore city limits. It is the largest industrial facility in the Department of Homeland Security. It falls under the Coast Guard's Engineering and Logistics Command. It is the Coast Guard's sole shipbuilding and major repair facility, and part of the Coast Guard's core industrial base and fleet support operations. Engineering, logistics, and maintenance responsibilities and complete life-cycle support; installation, operations, maintenance and ultimately replacement. Its annual budget is $88 million.
History
1899–1909
Since 1899, the United States Coast Guard Yard has built, repaired and renovated ships for the U.S. Coast Guard. It is the service's sole shipbuilding and major repair facility. The Coast Guard Yard was established on the shores of Arundel Cove off of Curtis Creek and Curtis Bay in south Baltimore, Maryland and neighboring northern Anne Arundel County. In April, 1899, the former United States Revenue Cutter Service (RCS) leased of farmland surrounding Arundel Cove. Two months later, Lieutenant John C. Moore, USRCS, arrived aboard the side-wheeler steamboat to begin establishing a shipyard. Lieutenant Moore set up four small buildings including a lumber mill. The following year saw the arrival of the , a training ship for the USRCS. The crew set up permanent quarters, marking also the beginning of the United States Coast Guard Academy. Five years later, in 1905, the United States Congress authorized the purchase of the land on which the depot sat and with additional surrounding properties ending the previous leasing arrangements. Throughout its first decade, the depot repaired many lifesaving boats, constructed a variety of small boats, conducted overhauls and painted USRCS cutters.
1909–1919
The depot's facilities were consistently improved during the 1910s. New construction included a boiler and pump house, a foundry, boat, sheetmetal, electrical, paint, upholstery and blacksmith shops, new mess halls, barracks, garages, recreation building and storage structures. In 1915, when the Revenue Cutter Service and Lifesaving Service combined to form the U. S. Coast Guard, the depot was selected as the site to train surfmen in the care and operation of gasoline engines. The engine school was housed in a shed along the west depot boundary.
1919–1929
During the 1920s, production of boats, canvas work and numerous other articles for the needs of the service were stepped up. Extensive overhauls and repairs were performed on the then-modern vessels , , and many 100', 125' patrol boats and tugs. The 500 workers of the depot included civilian employees along with enlisted men. In 1928, there were 245 wage board and 2 classified employees on the civilian payrolls while the military complement was 250. The work load was flexible, increasing considerably in the summer months and decreasing in the winter months.
1929–1939
By the 1930s, many of the original buildings and equipment at the depot had become outdated. A new boat, gas engine and machine shops were built and a 40-ton marine railway was installed. With the transfer of the United States Lighthouse Service of the Department of Commerce to the Coast guard in 1939, buoy construction became another major depot function.
1939–1949
With the onset of World War II, the depot underwent extensive expansion. Improvements included a 3000-ton floating drydock, 2 shipways and a 320' x 60' concrete pier with tower crane. The depot, now comparable in size and functions to a medium-size navy shipyard, was officially designated the U.S. Coast Guard Yard. Work involved repair of vessels including submarines, buoy manufacturing, production of canvas work for the Coast Guard and building over 300 small wooden boats annually. Additional work included the construction of the largest cutters ever built at the yard – the 255' cutters and . The yard employed 3100 civilian workers during World War II. Besides the assigned military complement, the Coast Guard's wartime training station or boot camp added to the number of personnel at the yard.
1949–1959
As the yard reduced its work force to fit the service's post war needs, vessel overhaul, gun repair work, buoy construction and miscellaneous manufacturing made up much of the yard's work load. The 1950s saw the construction of three hundred 40' steel lifesaving patrol boats, the Coast Guard lightships San Francisco and Ambrose and small craft like the 36'8" motor lifeboats. In February, 1953, the first of the 95' steel patrol boats was launched at the yard. In total, fifty-eight 95-footers were built for the Coast Guard and the Navy throughout the 1950s and early-1960s. The yard continued to perfect its reputation for the overhaul of aging Coast Guard and Navy ships. Such cutters were Chilula, Avoyel, Dexter, and Commanche. In March, 1958, the Coast Guard Cutter Azalea, a 100' buoy tender, was launched at the yard.
1959–1969
The first of 53 cutters built at the yard under the 82' patrol boat program was launched in February, 1960. During the Vietnam War, 26 of the yard-built 82-footers served with Coast Guard Squadron One as a part of the Navy's Operation Market Time. In April, 1962, the prototype of the 44' steel self-righting motor lifeboats (MLB) was launched. One of these was later built for the Royal National Lifeboat Institution in the United Kingdom as the prototype for their . During the next 10 years, the yard built 110 44' MLBs. In May, 1965, the yard sent its first 210' USCG Medium Endurance Cutter down the shipways, . The 210' cutters , , and were also constructed at the yard. During the 1960s and into the early-1970s, the yard constructed five 157' buoy tenders – Red Wood, Red Beech, Red Birch, Red Cedar and Red Oak. Construction began on the Red Cedar in July, 1969. Small boat construction during the 60's, included 206 25'8" fiberglass motor surfboats.
1969–1979
The 1970s engaged the yard in a flurry of activity. The trades continued the manufacturing of the coast guard's lighted buoys, a program which began at the yard during the Second World War. Constructed in an assembly-line mode, lighted reflector buoys – large, steel buoys used for around-the-clock aids-to-navigation and lighted ice buoys used for heavy ice conditions were manufactured at the yard. Begun in 1975, the yard became the sole source for overhaul of the coast guard's 5" 38 caliber gun mount. The 5" gun mounts were used on the service's 378' cutters. In 1971, the yard completed construction of a prototype 41' utility boat (UTB) which had an aluminum hull and fiberglass superstructure. The yard-built boat was adopted and from 1973 through the early-1980s, the yard constructed 207 41' UTB's. The craft is well known to recreational and commercial boaters throughout the United States and is used primarily for search and rescue. The yard had a proven record for the design of experimental maritime projects. The construction of the prototype Stable Semi-Submerged Platform, or SSP, was the highlight of the 1970s. The SSP Kailmalino used the SWATH concept – Small Waterplane Area Twin Hull. The craft operated successfully for many years in the Hawaiian Islands. In 1974, the yard laid the keel for a 160' single unit construction tender, the CGC Pamlico. Throughout the remainder of the decade, 3 more 160' construction tenders were built at the Yard: the CGC Hudson, CGC Kennebec, and CGC Saginaw. From the late-1970s into the early-1980s, the yard renovated sixteen 95' patrol boats. Built at the yard in the 1950s, the cutters were in need of modernization or repair.
1979–1989
Entering the 1980s, the yard constructed a prototype oil skimmer used to clean up oil spills. The Zero Relative Velocity Skimmer, ZRV, represented the best available technology in the coast guard's field of fast current pollution control research. The first of the new 270' medium endurance cutters, the Bear, arrived at the yard in 1983 to begin post-construction and electronics work. The yard accomplished a retrofit on 12 additional 270' cutters throughout the 1980s. Beginning in 1984, the yard began the Service Life Extension Program (SLEP) for nine 180' buoy tenders in the Coast Guard fleet. From the mid-1980s through the early-1990s, the cutters Sorrrel, Gentian, Cowslip, Conifer, Madrona, Laurel, Papaw, Sweetgun and Buttonwood. received mid-life overhauls and given an anticipated 20 additional years of service life as a result of the yard's renovation. In 1984, the yard recommissioned the first 210' medium endurance cutter under the Coast Guard's Major Maintenance Availability Program (MMA). The cutters Active, USCGC Confidence and Reliance received their upgrades during the 1980s. Eleven more vessels would undergo renovation throughout the 1990s before the program came to a close. The yard's overhaul gave each MMA cutter an anticipated additional 15 years of service life. In 1985, the yard completed a major renovation of a ferryboat for coast guard use at Governor's Island, New York. The Kulshan, a 30-year-old vessel bought by the Coast Guard from the State of Washington's ferry system, was renamed the Governor following renovation at the yard. As the 1980s came to a close, the coast guard tasked the yard with construction of 6 river barges for Coast Guard use on the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers. The project was transferred to the yard when the awarded private contractor filed for bankruptcy prior to contract completion.
In 1983, the U.S. Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
1990–Present
After completing an extensive, four-year repair project on the Coast Guard Cutter Barque Eagle in the 1980s, the cutter returned to the yard in 1995 and 1998 for repair availabilities. The yard is building an anticipated 26 small aids-to-navigation workboats, the 49' BUSLs, through the year 2000. The first BUSL was launched in August, 1997. The yard completed the 210' Major Maintenance Availability Program in October, 1998, with the recommissioning of the cutter Decisive. Fourteen of the coast guard's 210' cutters underwent, respectively, an 18-month, $21 million renovation at the yard since the program began in 1984. With the dedication of the new $18 million shiplift in November, 1997, the yard increased its capability to accommodate repairs of coast guard vessels. The land-based shiphandling facility replaced the yard's nearly 60-year-old drydocks. It is environmentally-friendly and offers lower maintenance costs. The yard is the sole source for major repair of naval weapons systems used by the Coast Guard. Topping the list is the repair of the MK 75 76 mm guns and includes a contract with the Naval Sea Systems Command for the overhaul of the Saudi Arabian MK 75 weapons systems. The yard expanded its market base in the mid-1990s to include the overhaul of the Paxman engine, the main propulsion engine in the 110' patrol boat. The work is considered a primary example of core work for the shipyard. The yard has excelled in its capability to bring its expertise to the customer rather than the customer coming into the yard for service. The yard has built a celebrated reputation for taking its skills "on-the-road" to the coast guard fleet worldwide. The yard became the first organization in the United States government to achieve ISO 9001 certification in 1995 and ISO 9001 recertification in 1998. ISO 9001 is a set of internationally recognized standards for quality management systems.
References
External links
Coast Guard Yard website
, including photo from 1944, at Maryland Historical Trust
U.S. Coast Guard Yard, Building Nos. 44–46, Curtis Bay, Anne Arundel, MD, also , , , , and at the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS)
Buildings and structures in Anne Arundel County, Maryland
United States Coast Guard bases
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Military Superfund sites
1899 establishments in Maryland
Historic American Buildings Survey in Maryland
Superfund sites in Maryland
Curtis Bay, Baltimore
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Anne Arundel County, Maryland
Mount Torii is a prominent bluff-type mountain above Lake Chad and Lake Hoare, surmounting the north wall of Taylor Valley between Suess Glacier and Canada Glacier, in Victoria Land. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (1997) after Tetsuya Torii (Torii Glacier), geochemist, Japan Polar Research Association, who led Japanese research parties in geochemical studies of the lakes and ponds of McMurdo Dry Valleys in 20 summer field seasons, 1963 though 1986–87.
Mountains of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Tim Steele may refer to:
Tim Steele (footballer) (born 1967), former professional footballer
Tim Steele (racing driver) (born 1968), American race car driver in the ARCA Re/MAX Series
See also
Timothy Steele (born 1948), American poet
Gortnaleck () is a townland in the civil parish of Templeport, County Cavan, Ireland. It lies in the Roman Catholic parish of Templeport and barony of Tullyhaw.
Geography
Gortnaleck is bounded on the north by Cloneary townland, on the west by Rosehill, Templeport townland, on the south by Camagh townland and on the east by Kilnavert townland. Its chief geographical features are Gortnaleck Lough, dug wells and a stone quarry. The 1836 Ordnance Survey Namebooks state-The soil is intermixed with limestone (which limestone is probably what gave the townland its name). Gortnaleck is traversed by the national secondary R205 road (Ireland), minor public roads and rural lanes. The townland covers 95 statute acres.
History
In medieval times the McGovern barony of Tullyhaw was divided into economic taxation areas called ballibetoes, from the Irish Baile Biataigh (Anglicized as 'Ballybetagh'), meaning 'A Provisioner's Town or Settlement'. The original purpose was to enable the farmer, who controlled the baile, to provide hospitality for those who needed it, such as poor people and travellers. The ballybetagh was further divided into townlands farmed by individual families who paid a tribute or tax to the head of the ballybetagh, who in turn paid a similar tribute to the clan chief. The steward of the ballybetagh would have been the secular equivalent of the erenagh in charge of church lands. There were seven ballibetoes in the parish of Templeport. Gortnaleck was located in the ballybetagh of Ballymagauran. The historical spellings of the ballybetagh are Ballymackgawran & Ballimacgawran (Irish = Baile Mhic Shamhráin = McGovern's Town).
The 1609 Baronial Map depicts the townland as part of Kilcrooghan.
The 1652 Commonwealth Survey spells the name as Gortnelecke and also lists Killecrooghan.
The 1665 Down Survey map depicts it as Gortneleck.
William Petty's 1685 map depicts it as Gortneleak.
In the Plantation of Ulster by grant dated 29 April 1611, along with other lands, King James VI and I granted one poll of Gortneleck to the McGovern Chief, Feidhlimidh Mág Samhradháin. The townland had been part of the McGovern chief's personal demesne for several hundred years before this and it was just a Surrender and regrant confirming the existing title to the then chief. This is confirmed in a visitation by George Carew, 1st Earl of Totnes in autumn 1611 when he states that Magauran had his own land given him on this division.
An Inquisition of King Charles I held in Cavan town on 4 October 1626 stated that the aforesaid Phelim Magawrane died on 20 January 1622 and his lands including one poll of Gortnaleck went to his son, the McGovern chief Brian Magauran who was aged 30 (born 1592) and married.
In the Irish Rebellion of 1641 William Reynolds of Lisnaore made a deposition about the rebellion in Lissanover which referred to two rebels from Gortneleck, Daniel McGowran and his son Edmund McGowran, as follows-
folio 260r
William Reynolds Jur 6o Apr 1643 Will: Aldrich Hen: Brereton John Sterne: Cavan William Reinolds Jur 6o Apr 1643 Intw Cert fact [Copy at MS 832, fols 59r59v]
The McGovern lands in Gortnaleck were confiscated in the Cromwellian Act for the Settlement of Ireland 1652 and were distributed as follows-
The 1652 Commonwealth Survey lists the proprietor of Gortnaleck as Hugh McFadeene and the proprietor of Killecrooghan as John Boyd.
In the Hearth Money Rolls compiled on 29 September 1663 there was one person paying the Hearth Tax in the townland Gartnebacke- Hugh McFadin (i.e. the same person mentioned in 1652 above).
Two grants dated 30 January 1668 were made by King Charles II of England as follows- Firstly one cartron of land in Gortnelecke containing 29 acres to Hugh McFaden. This was the same man mentioned in the Commonwealth Survey and Hearth Rolls above. Secondly to Mary Boyd in the parte of ye cartron of Kilcrohan containing 34 acres 0 roods 6 perches at an annual rent of £0-9s-2 1/4d
In the Templeport Poll Book of 1761 there was one person registered to vote in Gortnaleg in the 1761 Irish general election - Richard Hazard. He lived in Garden Hill, County Fermanagh but owned a freehold in Gortnaleck. He was entitled to cast two votes. The four election candidates were Charles Coote, 1st Earl of Bellomont and Lord Newtownbutler (later Brinsley Butler, 2nd Earl of Lanesborough), both of whom were then elected Member of Parliament for Cavan County. The losing candidates were George Montgomery (MP) of Ballyconnell and Barry Maxwell, 1st Earl of Farnham. Hazard voted for Maxwell and Montgomery. Absence from the poll book either meant a resident did not vote or more likely was not a freeholder entitled to vote, which would mean most of the inhabitants of Gortnaleck.
The 1790 Cavan Carvaghs list spells the name as Gortnabeck''.
The Tithe Applotment Books for 1827 list four tithepayers in the townland.
In 1833 one person in Gortnaleck was registered as a keeper of weapons – James Lauder.
The Gortnaleck Valuation Office Field books are available for 1839-1840.
Griffith's Valuation of 1857 lists four landholders in the townland.
Census
In the 1901 census of Ireland, there are four families listed in the townland.
In the 1911 census of Ireland, there are only two families listed in the townland.
Antiquities
The chief structures of historical interest in the townland are
An earthen ringfort.
An enclosure.
A crannog in Gortnaleck Lough.
A Lime kiln
References
External links
The IreAtlas Townland Data Base
Townlands of County Cavan
Eva Lehtonen (born June 6, 1991) is a Finnish competition swimmer who specialized in long-distance freestyle events. Lehtonen holds five Finnish records in the same stroke, including a 1500 m freestyle record that dated back to 1983, before she set a mark of 17:18.16 at the 2007 USA Junior National Meet in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Representing her birth nation Finland, Lehtonen competed in a long-distance freestyle double at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. She finished with a top-eight the fastest time of 4:19.53 (400 m freestyle) and 8:52.20 (800 m freestyle), respectively, to beat the FINA B-cut at the Texas Senior Circuit in College Station, Texas. In the 400 m freestyle, Lehtonen rallied from behind at the start to hold off a fast-charging Puerto Rican swimmer Kristina Lennox-Silva to take the third spot in heat two and thirty-fifth overall by a tenth of a second (0.10) with 4:20.07. Five days later, in the 800 m freestyle, Lehtonen tried to maintain her pace smoothly over El Salvador's Golda Marcus throughout the race with only 250 metres to go in heat one, before fading down the stretch to touch the wall with a third-place time and thirty-third overall in 8:53.50.
Since 2008, Lehtonen was previously a member of the swimming team for the Florida Gators swimming and diving team of the University of Florida, before she transferred to Florida Gulf Coast University and joined the Florida Gulf Coast Eagles in 2011. She is currently a biomedical engineering major at the Florida Gulf Coast University in Fort Myers, Florida. Lehtonen currently resides with her family in Rochester, Michigan, and trains full-time at the Oakland Live Y'ers Swimming Club under her coaches Jeff Cooper and Dan Hafner.
References
External links
Player Bio – Florida Gators
Player Bio – Florida Gulf Coast Eagles
Profile – Suomen Olympiakomitea
NBC Olympics Profile
1991 births
Living people
Olympic swimmers of Finland
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Finnish female freestyle swimmers
Swimmers from Helsinki
Sportspeople from Michigan
People from Rochester, Michigan
American people of Finnish descent
Florida Gulf Coast University alumni
Florida Gators women's swimmers
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as an attacking midfielder for Sagan Tosu.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Association football people from Fukuoka Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
J1 League players
Sagan Tosu players
Adalberto Ottone Rielander was a clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wewak. He was appointed bishop in 1918. He died in 1922.
References
1922 deaths
Roman Catholic bishops of Wewak
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1989 season.
Overview
Ministry of Transports won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
The Federation of Norwegian Construction Industries (BNL) is a business and employer policy organization for companies in the construction industry. BNL is an umbrella organization for 15 industries and have more than 4,100 member companies with 74,000 employees. BNL was established in 1997 and is currently the third largest association in The Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise (NHO).
BNL organizes both manufacturing companies, plumbers, carpenters, landscape gardeners, masons, painters and entrepreneurs.
References
The current CEO is Jon Sandnes. Chairman of the board is Dag Andresen, Veidekke.
External links
Employers' organisations in Norway
1997 establishments in Norway
Organizations established in 1997
Benjamin Franklin Murphy (December 24, 1867 – March 6, 1938) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1919 to 1933.
Biography
Born in Steubenville, Ohio to Charles F. Murphy and Mary E. (née Beasley) Murphy, he attended the public schools. He learned the glassworker's trade, and later engaged in the retail shoe business, in banking, and in the real estate business. He served as vice president of the Peoples National Bank. During the First World War, Murphy served with YMCA, stationed at Camp Sheridan, Montgomery, Alabama, in 1917 and 1918.
Congress
Murphy was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-sixth and to the six succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1919 – March 3, 1933). He served as chairman of the Committee on Expenditures in the Department of Commerce (Sixty-seventh Congress). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932 to the Seventy-third Congress and for election in 1934 to the Seventy-fourth Congress.
Personal life
Murphy was married three times and widowed twice. His second wife, Mame M. née Barcus, died in an automobile accident in Florida in April 1929. About a year later, he married a local divorcee, Marie E. (née Williams) Clerk in Washington, DC. The ceremony took place at her home and was presided over by her brother-in-law, Rev. William Clews.
Death
Murphy resided in Washington, D.C. He died in Takoma Park, Maryland, March 6, 1938. He was interred in Union Cemetery, Steubenville, Ohio.
Sources
References
1867 births
1938 deaths
Politicians from Steubenville, Ohio
American bankers
Burials at Union Cemetery-Beatty Park
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Patrick Gerrard Howell (born March 12, 1957) is a former American college and professional football player who was an offensive lineman in the National Football League (NFL) for seven seasons during the late 1970s and 1980s. Howell played college football at the University of Southern California, and was recognized as an All-American. A second-round pick in the 1979 NFL Draft, he played professionally for the Atlanta Falcons and Houston Oilers of the NFL.
Early years
Howell was born in Fresno, California. He was a Parade magazine high school All-American for Fresno High School football team in 1974, and Central California Valley discus throw champion in track and field.
College career
Howell attended the University of Southern California, where he played for the USC Trojans football team. As a senior in 1978, he received consensus first-team All-American honors.
Professional career
The Houston Oilers chose Howell in the second round (forty-ninth pick overall) of the 1979 NFL Draft, and he played for the Oilers from to , and Atlanta Falcons between 1983 and .
Football family
His son, Nick Howell, was an offensive lineman for the USC Trojans, after playing football at Bullard High School in Fresno, California.
1957 births
Living people
All-American college football players
American football offensive linemen
Atlanta Falcons players
Houston Oilers players
Sportspeople from Fresno, California
USC Trojans football players
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
The 1956–57 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 18th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Tigrene won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1956 in Norwegian sport
1957 in Norwegian sport
Anis Lounifi () (born 7 January 1978) is a retired Tunisian judoka.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Tunisian male judoka
Judoka at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Tunisia
World judo champions
Sportspeople from Tunis
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Tunisia
Mediterranean Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
African Games medalists in judo
African Games silver medalists for Tunisia
Competitors at the 1999 All-Africa Games
20th-century Tunisian people
21st-century Tunisian people
Charles Dustin Coffin (September 10, 1804February 28, 1880) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1837 to 1839.
Born in Newburyport, Massachusetts, Coffin attended the public schools.
He moved with his parents to New Lisbon, Ohio.
He studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in September 1823 and commenced practice in New Lisbon.
He served as clerk of the courts of Columbiana County in 1828.
He was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-fifth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Andrew W. Loomis and served from December 20, 1837, to March 3, 1839.
He declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1838.
He resumed the practice of law and engaged in banking.
He served as president of the Columbiana Bank of New Lisbon.
He moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1842 and continued the practice of law.
Coffin was elected judge of the superior court in 1845 and served seven years.
He was appointed to the same position by Governor Denison in 1861.
He died in Cincinnati, Ohio, February 28, 1880.
He was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
Sources
1804 births
1880 deaths
Politicians from Newburyport, Massachusetts
People from Lisbon, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Politicians from Cincinnati
Judges of the Superior Court of Cincinnati
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
19th-century American lawyers
The IEEE Medal in Power Engineering was created by the board of directors of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2008, and presented for the first time in 2010. This award is given to an individual with outstanding contributions in power engineering. The official more extended version is: "for outstanding contributions to the technology associated with the generation, transmission, distribution, application, and utilization of electric power for the betterment of society".
Recipients of this award receive a gold medal, a bronze replica, a certificate and an honorarium.
The sponsors of this award are the IEEE societies Industry Applications, Industrial Electronics, Power Electronics, and Power & Energy.
Recipients
The following people have received the IEEE Medal in Power Engineering:
References
Power Engineering
Electric power
The following are the national records in track cycling in the Netherlands maintained by the Netherlands' national cycling federation, Royal Dutch Cycling Union.
Men
Women
References
External links
Royal Dutch Cycling Union web site
Netherlands
Track cycling
Records
Track cycling
The Church of the Intercession of the Holy Virgin () is an Orthodox church in Derbent, a city in the Russian Republic of Dagestan.
The parish belongs to the Makhachkala deanery of the Diocese of Makhachkala of the Russian Orthodox Church. Until 2011 the church belonged to the Diocese of Baku and Azerbaijan. The only surviving Orthodox church in the city.
History
In 1894, the Derbent Orthodox community raised the issue of building a new parochial school. For these purposes, donations were collected and a plot of land in the city center was purchased. The construction of the school began in 1899, and on January 7, 1900, it was solemnly consecrated.
In 1901, an altar was arranged at the school, and it turned into a church-school, which on October 1, 1901 was consecrated by Bishop Vladimir (Sinkovsky) of Vladikavkaz.
In 1902, in the courtyard of the church-school, a new building of the parochial school was built, and the old one was completely given over to the church.
In 1939 the church was closed, but in 1943 it was again handed over to believers.
In the 2000s, a church house and a bell tower were built. On October 14, 2009, Bishop Alexander (Ishchein) of Diocese of Baku and Azerbaijan performed the rite of the consecration of the restored church.
See also
Vladikavkaz and Makhachkala diocese
Notes
Cultural heritage monuments in Derbent
History of Derbent
Objects of cultural heritage of Russia of regional significance
1900 establishments
Religious buildings and structures in Dagestan
Ettore Felici (12 March 1881, Segni – 9 May 1951) was the second Apostolic Nuncio to Ireland.
Early life
Born in Segni on March 4, 1881 Felici was ordained priest in 1903, he began his diplomatic career as a minor official at the Apostolic Nunciature to Serbia in Belgrade. Here he assumed much greater responsibility after Serbia was plunged into war in 1914. As a majority Serbian Orthodox Church at war with Catholic Austria relations were often tense. After the country was occupied by German troops Felici also occupied his time with relief works. He remained at the nunciature in Belgrade after the war when Serbia became part of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
From 1921 to 1923 he was in the Vatican.
In 1927 he was consecrated titular archbishop of Corinth and named Apostolic Nuncio to Chile.
In 1938, he returned to Yugoslavia as Nuncio. In April 1941 he was in Belgrade when the Luftwaffe bombed the city before the Axis invasion (Operation Retribution (1941)|Operation retribution) after a coup against the government that entered a pact with the Axis. Due to the military situation he was recalled to the Vatican and spent the remainder of the war working in the Secretariat of State.
On 2 September 1949, Felici was appointed Nuncio to Ireland. After a brief illness he died on May 9, 1951 and his body was interred in the crypt of Dublin's pro-cathedral.
References
1881 births
1951 deaths
People from Segni
Apostolic Nuncios to Ireland
Latin archbishops of Corinth
Guido Beelaert (born 17 November 1951) pseudonym Guido van Heulendonk is a Flemish writer. The Flemish National Television made a film out of his first novel Hoogtevrees ("Fear of Heights").
He was born at Eeklo.
Bibliography
Hoogtevrees(1985)
Logboek van een narrenschip (1988)
Vreemde vogels(1989)
De echo van de raaf (1991)
De vooravond (1994)
Paarden zijn ook varkens (1995; English "Horses are also Pigs" - awarded with the Gouden Uil for fiction)
Aimez-vous les moules?(1998)
Buiten de wereld (2000)
Barnsteen(2010)
En dan, als ik weg ben (2014)
Niemand uit België (2016)
''De afrekening' (2019)
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Guido van Heulendonk
Guido van Heulendonk
1951 births
Living people
Flemish writers
People from East Flanders
Cayce is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, Mississippi. Although Cayce is an unincorporated community, it has a business district and shares a ZIP code with Byhalia, Mississippi of 38611. The Center of Cayce lies at the junction of Cayce Road and Lee Creek Road, about 1/2 a mile south from Mississippi Highway 302.
Business district
The business district in Cayce is actually three miles north of the center of town, at the junction of Cayce Road and U.S. Route 72. There is a residential district between the center of town and the business district.
Neighboring towns
Cayce is bordered by Olive Branch to the west, Piperton and Collierville, Tennessee to the north, Taska and Mount Pleasant to the east, and Victoria to the south.
Notable people
Rufus Thomas, musician and comedian. Born here, but grew up in Memphis, Tennessee.
References
Unincorporated communities in Marshall County, Mississippi
Unincorporated communities in Mississippi
In the 2002 Cambodian League, Samart United won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
The large moth subfamily Lymantriinae contains the following genera beginning with T:
References
Lymantriinae
Lymantriid genera T
Giovanni Santi (c. 1435 – 1 August 1494) was an Italian painter, decorator, and the father of Raphael. He was born in 1435 at Colbordolo in the Duchy of Urbino. He studied under Piero della Francesca and was influenced by Fiorenzo di Lorenzo. He was court painter to the Duke of Urbino and painted several altarpieces. He died in Urbino.
Life and painting
Santi was born in 1435 at Colbordolo in the Duchy of Urbino. He was a petty merchant for a time; he then studied under Piero della Francesca. He was influenced by Fiorenzo di Lorenzo, and seems to have been an assistant and friend of Melozzo da Forlì. He was court painter to Duke of Urbino Federico da Montefeltro and painted several altarpieces, two now in the Berlin Museum, a Madonna in the church of San Francesco in Urbino, one at the church of Santa Croce in Fano, one in the National Gallery at London, and another in the gallery at Urbino; an Annunciation at the Brera in Milan; a resurrected Christ in the Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest; and a Jerome in the Lateran.
The reputation of the court had been established by Federico da Montefeltro. The emphasis of Federico's court was more literary than artistic, but Santi was a poet of sorts as well as a painter, and had written a rhymed chronicle of the life of Federico, and both wrote the texts and produced the decor for masque-like court entertainments. His poem to Federico shows him as keen to show awareness of the most advanced North Italian painters, and Early Netherlandish artists as well. In the very small court of Urbino he was probably more integrated into the central circle of the ruling family than most court painters.
Federico, who died in 1482, was succeeded by his son Guidobaldo da Montefeltro, who married Elisabetta Gonzaga. Under them, the court continued as a centre for literary culture. In 1483, Santi's son Raphael was born. Santi died in Urbino in 1494.
Poetry and list of 15th-century painters
His poetry includes an epic in honor of one of his patrons, Federico da Montefeltro, followed by a discourse on painting. The event commemorates a visit to Mantua, where the Duke marveled at the skill of Andrea Mantegna, he then goes on to comment that "In this splendid and gentle art/ so many have been famous in our century/ that it make others seem destitute".
Santi then goes on to list famous names in painting, as known to him, this constitutes a remarkable concise list of 27 prominent painters of late 15th-century Italy and the Flanders, as one painter would have known. Santi's list reproduced in no order:
Fra Angelico
Domenico Ghirlandaio
Piero and Antonio del Pollaiuolo
Sandro Botticelli
Leonardo da Vinci
Filippino Lippi
Pietro Perugino
Luca Signorelli
Gentile Bellini
Giovanni Bellini
Andrea Mantegna
Andrea del Castagno
Cosimo Tura
Piero della Francesca
Ercole de' Roberti
Francesco di Pesello or Pesellino
Masaccio
Paolo Uccello
Pisanello
Domenico Veneziano
Melozzo da Forlì
Gentile da Fabriano
Antonello da Messina
Jan van Eyck
Rogier van der Weyden
References
Further reading
Schmarsow, Giovanni Santi (Berlin, 1887)
Poetry and list derived from Painting and Experience in Fifteenth Century Italy. Michael Baxandall. Oxford University Press 1980.
External links
Giovanni Santi at Panopticon Virtual Art Gallery
The Gubbio Studiolo and its conservation, volumes 1 & 2, from The Metropolitan Museum of Art Libraries (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on Giovanni Santi (see index)
Italian Renaissance painters
Court painters
1435 births
1494 deaths
People from the Province of Pesaro and Urbino
15th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Raphael
Giulio Leonardo Cantoni (29 September 1915 – 25 July 2005) was the director of the United States' National Institutes of Health's Laboratory of Cellular Pharmacology, later renamed the Laboratory of General and Comparative Biochemistry.
Early life
Cantoni grew up in Italy and got a medical degree from the University of Milan in 1938. Shortly after the fascists abolished the parliament, and introduced anti-Semitic laws, Cantoni, who was Jewish, fled with his family first to England. As Cantoni was boarding a ship heading for the America, World War II broke out, and as an Italian citizen he was interned in England and later in Canada. Eventually he was released and allowed to go to the United States in July 1941.
Author
After the war, Cantoni wrote a book about his journey during World War II called From Milano to New York; By Way of Hell: Fascism and the Odyssey of a Young Italian Jew.
Scientific career
Cantoni got a job at University of Michigan's medical school, where he worked until he became an assistant professor of pharmacology at Long Island College of Medicine in 1945. In 1948 he moved to the American Cancer Society, and after two years he moved again to Western Reserve University. In 1954 he started the National Institutes of Health's Laboratory of Cellular Pharmacology at the National Institute of Mental Health, where he remained as the director until his retirement in 1994. In 1983 he joined the United States National Academy of Sciences.
Research
Cantoni discovered the biological mechanism of methylation using S-adenosylmethionine.
Home life
Giulio Cantoni married Gabriella Cantoni and they had two daughters named Allegra and Serena. Before Cantoni died, he had four grand children, Ariella, Brendan, Ethan and Elliot.
References
Giulio Cantoni; NIH lab chief, biochemistry researcher; 89 THE WASHINGTON POST August 25, 2005
https://www.amazon.com/From-Milano-New-York-Hell/dp/059500475X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1332113187&sr=8-1
Cantoni, Giulio L.
1915 births
2005 deaths
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Italian pharmacologists
20th-century Italian Jews
Italian emigrants to the United States
Elin Krantz was a Swedish 27-year-old woman who was murdered in the Biskopsgården district of Gothenburg on 26 September 2010. Krantz was murdered by Ephrem Yohannes, a 23-year-old Ethiopian immigrant, in Biskopsgården where her body was found.
Yohannes was found guilty of Krantz's murder and received a 16-year prison sentence and deportation on release.
Background
On 26 September 2010, Elin Krantz, a 27-year-old Swedish woman from Falköping, took the tram home with a friend after an evening enjoying the nightlife of Gothenburg. Footage from Security cameras showed that after her friend got off the tram she was approached and was then followed by a man who attempted to rape her and subsequently beat her to death. Krantz's severely beaten corpse was found the next day in Gothenburg's Biskopsgården district. On 28 September, 23-year old Ephrem Yohannes, an Ethiopian citizen with a residence permit with clothes and appearance similar to that of the man captured on the security cameras, was arrested by plainclothes policemen at Gothenburg Central Station. Krantz' DNA was found on his clothing and Yohannes' DNA was found on her body.
Trial
Yohannes was convicted for murder and attempted rape and sentenced to 16 years in prison and subsequent deportation. The first sentence was appealed to the Hovrätt as the accused pleaded innocence. The prosecutor Stina Lundberg argued for a life sentence and aggravated sexual assault. In the autumn of 2011, the Court of Appeals upheld the original sentence. During the Hovrätt court proceeding, news broke that the wife and children of Yohannes had left Europe due to several threats to their lives. The parents of Elin Krantz and her five siblings were awarded criminal damages of around €60,000.
Yohannes was initially imprisoned in Norrtäljeanstalten, a high security prison in Norrtälje, but after attacking a fellow inmate he was transferred to Salbergaanstalten prison in Sala. Yohannes has received several warnings for inappropriate behaviour.
Aftermath
Krantz's body was interred at the Sankt Olof kyrkogård cemetery in her hometown of Falköping. In October 2010, over 1000 people gathered in the district - where her body was found - to commemorate her and to protest the violence.
References
Incidents of violence against women
September 2010 crimes
21st-century Swedish women
Swedish murder victims
Rape in Sweden
Gothenburg
Violence against women in Europe
2010 murders in Sweden
Femicide in Sweden
Nydri () is a town and a community on the eastern coast of the island of Lefkada, Greece. It is part of the municipal unit Ellomenos. The community includes the small village Rachi. The Greek National Road 42 (Vasiliki - Lefkada (city) - Amfilochia) passes through the town. Nydri is a popular tourist town. In the sea in front of Nydri are several small islands including Madouri, Skorpios, Skorpidi and Sparti. The island Skorpios is the property of the Ribolovlev family.
The German archaeologist Wilhelm Dörpfeld, having examined the geographical descriptions of Homer in the Iliad and the Odyssey believed that Lefkada was Homer's Ithaca, and that the palace of Odysseus was located west of Nydri on the south coast of Lefkada. He performed extensive excavations at Nydri and uncovered Mycenaean tombs, walls, ruins and artefacts which supported his hypothesis. Dörpfeld spent the last years of his life at Nydri and he is buried there.
Population
References
External links
Photo of Nydri, early in the 20th century, by Wilhelm Dörpfeld. Digital library of Heidelberg University.
Populated places in Lefkada (regional unit)
Mediterranean port cities and towns in Greece
The eighth and final season of Psych, containing 10 episodes, premiered on the USA Network in the United States on January 8, 2014. James Roday, Dulé Hill, Timothy Omundson, Maggie Lawson, Corbin Bernsen and Kirsten Nelson all reprise their roles as the main characters in the series.
USA Network confirmed on February 5, 2014 that the eighth season of Psych would be its last.
Production
Steve Franks continued as showrunner of the series. The song "I Know, You Know," performed by The Friendly Indians, continues to be used as the theme song for the show.
On December 19, 2012, it was announced that Psych had been renewed for an eighth season consisting of eight episodes. On April 22, 2013, USA Network ordered five additional scripts for potential episodes. On June 25, 2013, USA Network greenlit two additional episodes of those five scripts, one to be chosen by online poll. During the 2013 Comic-Con in San Diego, it was revealed that "Dream Therapy," now known as "A Nightmare on State Street," won with more than 50% of the votes. Season 8 premiered on January 8, 2014.
Cast
James Roday continues to portray the fake psychic detective Shawn Spencer. Dulé Hill appears as Burton "Gus" Guster. Timothy Omundson and Maggie Lawson portray detectives Carlton "Lassie" Lassiter and Juliet "Jules" O'Hara, respectively. Corbin Bernsen continues as Henry Spencer, and Kirsten Nelson returns as SBPD Chief Karen Vick.
Cary Elwes returned to portray the character of Pierre Despereaux for the fourth time in the series' run. He appeared alongside Vinnie Jones in the first episode of the season. Anthony Michael Hall reprises his role as Interim Chief Harris Trout, while Kristy Swanson, Kurt Fuller and Sage Brocklebank return as Marlowe Lassiter, Woody the Coroner and Buzz McNab, respectively. John Kapelos also returns as Tom Swaggerty, the Mayor of Santa Barbara, for the sixth episode of the season, called "1967: A Psych Odyssey," that marks the directorial debut of Kirsten Nelson. Phylicia Rashad returned as Gus' mother. Curt Smith returns as himself. Mira Sorvino appears as Head Detective Betsy Brannigan
Dana Ashbrook, Katharine Isabelle, Carlos Jacott, Ed Lover, Ralph Macchio, Lindsay Sloane, Janet Varney, Alan Ruck, and Ray Wise guest star in the third episode of the season, a special all-star remake of the season one episode "Cloudy... With a Chance of Murder", with Michael Weston reprising his role as Adam Hornstock from the original episode.
Tom Arnold, The Bella Twins, Corbin Bleu, Yvette Nicole Brown, Dean Cameron, Bruce Campbell, Olivia d'Abo, Loretta Devine, Sutton Foster, Vincent Gale, Kali Hawk, Vinnie Jones, Val Kilmer, Floriana Lima, Peggy Lipton, Deon Richmond, Peter Stormare, Vincent Ventresca, Vincent M. Ward, Celia Weston, William Zabka and Billy Zane also guest star in different episodes of the season.
Episodes
DVD release
Psych: The Complete Eighth Season, consisting of ten episodes, was released on April 1, 2014. The three-disc set includes deleted scenes, episode podcasts, montages, featurettes and a gag reel. The seventh season television special "Psych: The Musical" is also included.
References
Psych
2014 American television seasons
Motorcycle design can be described as activities that define the appearance, function and engineering of motorcycles.
Professionally it is a branch of industrial design, similar to automotive design using identical techniques and methodology, but confined by a set of conventions about what is acceptable to the buying public. These conventions have been defined by the acceptance of the industry and media as a whole to the assumption that the public will only purchase machines that bear more than a passing resemblance to competition machines of whatever kind. In some large OEM motorcycle manufacturers, the term designer can also be applied to the project leader or chief engineer charged with laying down the principal architecture of the vehicle. In recent years, it has also become associated with custom or "chopper" builder culture.
Professional design
Professional motorcycle designers almost always hold degrees in industrial design, industrial design engineering or similar, and have training in styling, modeling, as well as knowledge in aspects of technology associated with single track vehicles. Although no degree as a specialisation exists per se, the majority of candidates graduate through colleges and universities with established transportation design courses, and are trained as automotive designers.
Most OEM motorcycle manufacturers, such as Honda, Suzuki, Kawasaki, BMW, Ducati, Piaggio and others have in-house design studios dedicated to this purpose, while others such as Yamaha and KTM depend on specialised independent design consultancies.
Methodology
Design and engineering relationships
Due to the high importance of mechanical components or even exposed engines to motorcycle styling, almost always designers will have a greater sensitivity to and awareness of engineering than will typical car designers. In OEM situations, large teams of professional engineers and specialists will collaborate on each project development, allowing the designer to focus on the more intangible or subjective aspects of design, such as styling, human-machine interface psychology, and market and cultural relationships. In other matters such as pure mechanical ergonomics (such as seat height, handlebar placement, etc.), or basic layout (the location of major components, storage, etc.) there is usually considerable overlap between the designer and engineer. The designer will nominally approach each problem from a human interface, or "feel" or "irrational" point of view (example : "Does this material feel cold or warm, and is this feeling appropriate to this vehicle's target consumer?"), while the engineer will attack each problem with the "rational" or clinical approach of empirically weighing the cause and effect of each design decision against the project's technical and economic design targets (example : "Can this material be moulded into the designer's desired shape? Will that be too expensive to produce?")
Research and Concept Design
In OEM motorcycle design, the normal procedure of developing a new motorcycle involves the same steps as in other professional design disciplines : identifying a target consumer, researching them to identify benchmarks and project targets, then proposing concept directions in a written form known as a Design Brief or QFD. From this point, artwork is developed to visually communicate the designer's ideas. These are presented in 2Db drawing or illustrated form, from which a winning direction is down selected for further development. Once a satisfactory design is established on paper (the term paper is a generalization that can include traditional hand renderings, digital artwork or CAD drawings), then full scale modeling begins to realise the design in tangible 3D form.
Styling
Often used as an interchangeable term with "design", styling is in fact just one component of the design process. Typically, styling is developed through sketches, renderings and illustrations then realised in 3D form using automotive styling clay, specialised industrial modeling foams such as Sibatool, Renshape or Epiwood, or in increasingly limited cases plaster or body filler. As the most subjective part of the design process, the various members of the development team must depend heavily on the judgment, skill and experience of the appointed designer to create an appropriate look.
The most misunderstood element and the most dangerous to the success of a product, is the idea that team members should evaluate the design based on personal tastes or preferences. Industrial design is not an art form, but a focused creative expression using the scientific data and analysis in the Design Brief and QFD as ultimate guidelines. The target user, their needs and tastes should be reflected in the final design, not necessarily exclusively those of the design team. Of course, many complex variables such as the OEM brand identity, past successes and failures, and whimsical trends often skew or distort styling decisions. In instances where the factors are overwhelming, OEM's may err on the side of cautious conservative design.
Parallel development
Because of the need to reduce development time and costs, the "styling" design model is usually developed in parallel with the engineering 3D design. While there is an increasing amount of digital design input in the modern OEM design process, nearly all major motorcycle manufacturers still rely on full scale clay models to render the master style model, then scan and import the styling surfaces into suitable 3D software packages (Alias, CATIA, ISEM Surf) for integration into the 3D engineering CAD platform (CATIA, ProEngineer, etc.). Once combined, the design team can virtually refine the motorcycle by optimising component assembly, checking for any undesirable interferences between parts, and predict and eliminate possible engineering problems. Typically, designers and engineers will have the greatest number of conflicts during this phase of development, as designers will fight to maintain the original styling and design of the clay model and artwork into the production vehicle, while the engineer will eliminate all problems in the most efficient manner possible. The success of the final product depends heavily on the level of cooperation between these often conflicting needs.
Amateur and specialists
Custom builders
In recent years, largely due to the popularity of television programs like Orange County Chopper and Biker Build-off, the building of one of a kind "chopper" or "cruiser" type motorcycles has become more mainstream, leading to a flourishing builder industry. As a whole, these vehicles are not designed in the professional sense, but rather crafted by hand by metalworkers and artisans using traditional skills. The resulting vehicles tend to be very elaborate, expensive and difficult or impossible to reproduce in mass production, but are highly valued for the same reasons.
Among custom motorcycle culture, certain names have become famous for their creations and have led to mainstream acceptance of previously unacceptable design solutions such as extreme ergonomics, totally rigid rear wheels without the benefit of suspension, minimal lighting and limited ground clearance for cornering. These design characteristics are purely emotional in nature, being led by styling and image rather than technical or performance considerations.
"Specials"
Custom and specials motorcycles are similar to the above but tend to be super sport type motorcycles, or at least high-performance based, using many special add-on parts, one-of-a-kind or limited series frames, racing wheels and parts or hand-made components to maximise performance. While modifying motorcycles is an activity as old as the motorcycle itself, the "special" culture or "streetfighter" began to flourish in the mid-1970s as a response to the myriad high performance Japanese motorcycles then available, but whose power far exceeded their handling. Individuals would choose premanufactured parts from catalogs or from other bikes and redesign their particular machine to suit their desires. In general this activity is limited to one-of-a-kind vehicles and, as with custom motorcycles, uses very little genuine engineering or design methodology, although some small-scale manufacturers exist who make limited runs of a given model. In some cases, these tiny specialists were successful enough to grow into full-scale OEM companies such as the Buell Motorcycle Company and Bimota of Italy.
References
Cocco, G.; Motorcycle Design and Technology, 1999, Italy,
Heskett, J.; J. Heskett, 1980, Great Britain,
Royal College of Art, Moving Objects, Great Britain,
External links
Motorcycle Design Association
Automotive engineering
Design
Vehicle design
Palkonya (; or ) is a village in Baranya County, Hungary. This village was once settled by Turks in Hungary until 1699 and the Church was once a Mosque. Until the end of World War II, the majority of the Inhabitants was Danube Swabians, also called locally as Stifolder, because there Ancestors once came at the 17th century and 18th century from Fulda (district). Mostly of the former German Settlers was expelled to Allied-occupied Germany and Allied-occupied Austria in 1945–1948, about the Potsdam Agreement.
Only a few Germans of Hungary live there, the majority today are the descendants of Hungarians from the Czechoslovak–Hungarian population exchange. They got the houses of the former Danube Swabians Inhabitants.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Marla Ruzicka (December 31, 1976 – April 16, 2005) was an American activist-turned-aid worker. She believed that combatant governments had a legal and moral responsibility to compensate the families of civilians killed or injured in military conflicts.
In 2003, Ruzicka founded the Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict (CIVIC), an organization that counted civilian casualties and assisted Iraqi victims of the 2003 US invasion of Iraq. In 2005, she was killed by a roadside bomb in Iraq.
Early life
Born in Lakeport, California, Ruzicka attended Long Island University's Friends World Program, and spent four years traveling throughout Costa Rica, Kenya, Cuba, Israel, and Zimbabwe. After graduating in 1999, Ruzicka volunteered for the San Francisco-based organizations Rainforest Action Network and Global Exchange.
Afghanistan and Iraq
Prior to launching CIVIC in Iraq, she was based in Peshawar, Pakistan, and later Kabul, Afghanistan. Under the auspices of Global Exchange, she pressured the US government to set up a fund for Afghan families harmed in Operation Enduring Freedom. However, she soon struck out on her own to form CIVIC, and arrived in Kabul only a few days after the Taliban were removed from power. In Afghanistan, she began conducting a grassroots survey on the military campaign effects on Afghan civilians, in order to apply for compensation and aid. On April 7, 2002, she protested outside the U.S. Embassy in Kabul, alongside several civilians who had lost relatives as the result of U.S. air strikes.
In July 2002, Ruzicka began working with USAID and the Senate Appropriations Committee to allocate money to rebuild the homes of families that had suffered losses as a result of military action. After receiving CIVIC's first report, Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vermont) sponsored legislation to provide $10 million in U.S. aid to Afghan civilians who had been harmed by the US military. He said, "Marla Ruzicka is out there saying, 'Wait, everybody. Here is what is really happening. You'd better know about this.' We have whistle blowers in industry. Maybe sometimes we need whistle blowers in foreign policy."
She traveled to Baghdad after the April 2003 U.S. invasion. CIVIC's efforts were featured on Nightline and CNN, as well as in The New York Times and Elle magazine. "With a shoestring budget, almost no staff and a bundle of energy, Ruzicka has already had more impact on more lives than many seasoned K Street lobbyists," The Washington Post reported in 2004. Ruzicka was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in the summer of 2004.
Death
Ruzicka and her Iraqi translator, Faiz Ali Salim, were killed by a suicide car bombing on the Baghdad Airport Road on April 16, 2005. More than 600 people attended her funeral in her hometown of Lakeport; Barbara Boxer and Sean Penn were among those who spoke at her memorial service. There were also memorial services in New York City, Washington, D.C., Baghdad, Kabul, and San Francisco.
According to Rolling Stone, "Ruzicka is perhaps the most famous American aid worker to die in any conflict of the past ten or twenty years. Though a novice in life—she had less than four years of professional humanitarian experience—her death resonated far beyond the tightly knit group of war junkies and policymakers who knew her. She stands as a youthful representative of a certain kind of not-yet-lost American idealism, and darkly symbolic of what has gone so tragically wrong in Iraq."
Marla Ruzicka left a one line will state that her friend, war journalist Tara Sutton, would take care of CIVIC and appoint a new director.
At Senator Leahy's urging, President George W. Bush signed legislation on May 11, 2005, which renamed the civilian war victims the "Marla Ruzicka Iraqi War Victims Fund." As of 2006, the combined sum that Congress has allocated to assist Afghan and Iraqi civilians who were victims of U.S. warfare is thirty-eight million dollars.
Depiction in film media
Film rights to Ruzicka's life story were purchased by Paramount Pictures. The studio also bought the rights to the book Sweet Relief: The Marla Ruzicka Story by Jennifer Abrahamson, who had begun collaborating on the book with Ruzicka before her death. Kirsten Dunst agreed to play Ruzicka in the movie scripted by Lorene Scafaria.
Ruzicka appears briefly in the documentary Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room as one of the protesters who disrupt Jeffrey Skilling's speech at The Commonwealth Club.
References
External links
Sweet Relief: The Marla Ruzicka Story, Biography published by Simon & Schuster
CIVIC website
Iraqi Civilian War Casualties, The results of CIVIC's campaign in Iraq.
https://www.comune.re.it/Applicazioni/stradarioCAP.nsf/PESVieWeb/7EA1880ADE750DACC1257705003A6E51?opendocument, Municipality of Reggio Emilia new street dedication.
Magazines and newspapers
Independent, A legacy that puts so many to shame
The Globe and Mail, My friend died helping Iraqi civilians (Obituary by Mark MacKinnon)
Guardian, Marla Ruzicka (Obituary)
Lake County Record-Bee, Statement in honor of Marla Ruzicka - Senator Barbara Boxer transcript 04.18.05
Salon, Marla Ruzicka, RIP
Washington Post, Victims' Champion Is Killed in Iraq
The Washington Post, U.S. Activist Mends Lives Torn by War Compensation Sought For Victims' Families
Websites
Alternet, Mourning Marla Intrepid humanitarian aid worker Marla Ruzicka died in Baghdad Saturday when her car was caught in an insurgent attack , Jill Carroll.
Back to Iraq, Our Heart and Conscience - by Iraq-based journalist Christopher Allbritton.
Blogspot, Marla Ruzicka (1976-2005) in memory of a global humanitarian, lost in the line of duty, A blog of memories from Marla's friends
IMDb, - film about Marla's life
Google, Glimpses of Marla. A tribute by thefullmonte.com
Uruknet, Remembering Marla Ruzicka
Youtube, Remembering Marla.
NPR Podcast:Rough Translation, Home/Front
1976 births
2005 deaths
American anti-war activists
Terrorism deaths in Iraq
American humanitarians
Women humanitarians
American expatriates in Pakistan
People from Lakeport, California
Activists from California
Dharampal Singh Gudha, also known as Dharam Pal Singh or Dharampal Singh Gujjar, is an Indian runner who has controversially claimed to be the world's oldest marathon runner at 120.
Life
Gudha claims to have been born on 6 October 1897, comes from the village of Gudha in Meerut, and is a farmer by profession. He claims to have been running since he was a teenager.
"When I was young, I used to run from my village to the neighboring village, which was about 600 to 700 meters away. I would run several laps. I did not know how to run then, the technique of it, but I did it on instinct," he says. He gets up at 4 am and runs four kilometers daily. He takes part in Inter-State level races for Veterans in the 100, 200- and 400-meter categories. To date, Gujjar has taken part in more than three dozen races in different parts of the country.
Gudha has lost count of the number of marathons that he has run. However, he recollects running at marathons in Allahabad, Nainital, Uttarakhand and Chandigarh, and claims to have run in 50 others. He states that he ran his first marathon in 1970.
In 2017, National Geographic did a special episode in their Explorer series investigating his life and success as a runner in such an advanced age.
When asked about his continued fitness, he says it is all about having a controlled diet. He has led a strict healthy lifestyle since childhood and gives credit to his balanced diet of self-prepared chutney along with mineral water and lemon juice for his longevity. "I eat a strict and balanced diet and have no illness. I stopped eating ghee and other fatty items almost 40 years ago, neither do I drink nor smoke," he said. He has been a strict vegetarian since birth.
Film
An American film director, David Freid, has made a documentary on DharamPal Singh Gujjar, The Never-Ending Marathon of Mr. Dharam Singh, in 2017.
Controversy
Gudha's claims of being 120 years old has generated much controversy. While Gudha refers to his passport, voter ID Card and PAN card [a tax identification in India]—all stating 1897 as his year of birth, and all three government of India-issued valid identity documents—asserting he is 120 years old, he does not have a birth certificate to prove this age.
It has been suggested that Gudha has an old voter ID that has not been corrected in order to "hide his age". Yet, with the passport and PAN card corroborating the birth date and hence his story, there is no certainty.
Kurt Kaschke, president of European Masters Athletics, expressed the difficulty with proving ages of people in a certain age group. In a letter to Ken Stone, editor and founder of MasterTrack, Kaschke outlined some of the difficulties officials face in verifying the ages of some of their oldest runners: "Was a birth certificate valid if the original no longer existed? What should be done about athletes born during the First or Second World War, when many records were destroyed? How could a birth date be proved when a government was not able to verify a birth on a particular day? Or when a country did not issue birth certificates?" This is a problem commonly faced by competitors from countries of Africa and Asia, including India.
Awards
Gudha has won more than 20 medals in national and international athletic events in his age category, including a gold medal in the Malaysian Championships in 2014.
References
Indian male marathon runners
Athletes from Uttar Pradesh
Yasutaka (written: 康隆, 康剛, 康貴, 安孝, 泰隆, 泰卓, 泰崇, 泰宇, 恭崇, 靖崇, 保孝 or ヤスタカ in katakana) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese mathematician
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese businessman
, pen-name of Baku Nagai, Japanese writer
, Japanese musician
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese kokugaku scholar
, Japanese basketball player
, Japanese sumo wrestler
, Japanese volleyball player
, Japanese cyclist
, Japanese writer and actor
, Japanese tennis player
, Japanese footballer
Japanese masculine given names
Ludo Martens (12 March 1946 – 5 June 2011) was a Belgian activist and historian who founded and served as the first leader of the Workers' Party of Belgium. He wrote several works on the political history of Central Africa and the Soviet Union.
In 1968, Martens founded the group Alle macht aan de arbeiders (All Power to the Workers), which became the Workers' Party of Belgium in 1979. He served as president of the Workers' Party until 2008. Martens was the last foreigner to meet North Korean president Kim Il-sung before his death on 8 July 1994. According to a press release by the Workers' Party, Martens died on the morning of 5 June 2011 after a long illness.
Biography
Martens was born in 1946, as the eldest son of a furniture manufacturer. He grew up in Wingene, West Flanders, Belgium. While at school, he showed talent in linguistics and became a newspaper editor. He also had an interest in music and poetry. In 1965, Ludo entered the Louvain University to study medicine and during that time he became active in the Katholiek Vlaams Hoogstudentenverbond. Ludo got expelled from his university after writing an article about pedophilia within the church on Our Life, the magazine which he ran in the University. He was influenced by the student movements in 1968. Having visited Berlin, where he came into contact with Marxist–Leninist German students, he introduced the thought of Marxism into the Belgian student movement. In 1971, Ludo founded the Alle macht aan de arbeiders (AMADA) party, which renamed itself into the Workers' Party of Belgium in 1979. He was the last communist leader to meet Kim Il Sung, two weeks before the latter's death. Kim told Ludo: "I think it is very good that you have written a book about Stalin. I intend to read it". In 1999, Ludo requested his party to relieve him of the post of party president, a position he had held since the founding of the party, as he wished to pursue his passion for work in the Congo. The request was granted. In nearly a decade, following 1999, he wrote his book on Joseph Kabila and the Congolese revolution, while at the same time helping to lay the foundations of a Communist Party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Ludo died on the afternoon of June 5, 2011 after a long illness.
Another View of Stalin
In 1994, Martens published Another View of Stalin (), a work that challenges in particular the commonly accepted view of collectivisation in the Soviet Union and the Great Purge under Joseph Stalin. He explained his motivation for writing the book in the introduction: "Defending Stalin's work, essentially defending Marxism-Leninism, is an important, urgent task in preparing ourselves for class struggle under the New World Order." The leadership of the Workers' Party of Belgium, particularly president Peter Mertens in 2016, distanced from Martens' vision on Stalin, whom they call "a dictator." Harpal Brar wrote in Martens' obituary: "His book Another view of Stalin, while nailing the bourgeois, professorial and Khrushchevite revisionist lies about Stalin, brought to the fore the brilliance of Stalin's stewardship of the CPSU(B) and the USSR, which made such a monumental contribution to the march forward of the Soviet people and humanity at large".
Works
Pierre Mulele, ou, La seconde vie de Patrice Lumumba (Antwerp: Éditions EPO, 1985). .
Sankara, Compaoré, et la révolution burkinabé (EPO, 1989). .
Abo: une femme du Congo (EPO, 1992). .
L'U.R.S.S. et la contre-révolution de velours (USSR: The Velvet Counter Revolution) (EPO, 1991). .
Un autre regard sur Staline (Another View of Stalin) (EPO, 1994). .
Kabila et la révolution congolaise: panafricanisme ou néocolonialisme? (EPO, 2002). .
See also
Grover Furr
References
External links
"Another View of Stalin". Complete and free PDF-download of the text of the book in English. Retrieved 13 August 2021.
1946 births
2011 deaths
Anti-revisionists
Belgian communists
Belgian non-fiction writers
Flemish writers
Historical revisionism
Historians of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
People from Torhout
Shreya Bugade-Sheth (born 2 February 1988) is an Indian television actress. She is known for her comedy skits in Chala Hawa Yeu Dya.
Early life
Shreya was born on 2 February 1988 in Pune, but brought up in Mumbai. Her mother's name is Nutan Bugade. She did her schooling from St. Xavier High School and completed college from Mithibai College, Mumbai.
Career
She started her career in acting as a child artist from the Marathi drama Vatevarti Kacha Ga. She acted lots of plays in various languages. She made her debut with Tu Tithe Me serial in 2012. She also acted in many serial like Asmita, Tu Tithe Me, Fu Bai Fu, etc. She rose to prominence after her appearance in Chala Hawa Yeu Dya. She is a sole female lead in the show.
Personal life
In 2015, she got married to Nikhil Sheth, who is the Associate Creative Head of Zee Marathi.
Television
Stage works
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Actresses in Marathi television
Actresses in Gujarati cinema
Indian stand-up comedians
St. Xavier's College, Mumbai alumni
The 1970 Bulgarian Cup Final was the 30th final of the Bulgarian Cup (in this period the tournament was named Cup of the Soviet Army), and was contested between Levski Sofia and CSKA Sofia on 25 August 1970 at Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia. Levski won the final 2–1.
Match
Details
See also
1969–70 A Group
References
Bulgarian Cup finals
PFC CSKA Sofia matches
PFC Levski Sofia matches
This is a list of pre-season tournaments Major League Soccer clubs have been participants.
Multi-team tournaments
Yearly
Carolina Challenge Cup
Mobile Mini Sun Cup
Infrequently
La Manga Cup
Portland Timbers Tournament
One time event (so far)
Texas Pro Soccer Festival 2008
Orlando City Invitational
Defunct
Sounders Community Shield
Hawaiian Islands Invitational
Walt Disney World Pro Soccer Classic
Preseason cups
Lamar Hunt Pioneer Cup
Saturn Cup
Sources
Major League Soccer
Tarrytown is a neighborhood located west of Downtown Austin, Texas. The neighborhood is bordered by Lake Austin Boulevard on the south, Lake Austin on the west, West 35th Street on the north and Mopac Expressway on the east. Major roads in the area include Exposition Boulevard, Enfield Road and Windsor Road. Tarrytown also encompasses the sub-neighborhood of Brown Herman.
Tarrytown is most often defined as the area bounded by Enfield Road in the South, 35th Street in the North, MoPac Expressway in the East, and Lake Austin in the West. The neighborhood has two shopping outlets: Tarrytown Center and Casis Village, both of which feature local businesses. The neighborhood is also home to two schools, Casis Elementary and O. Henry Middle School. The neighborhood is serviced by two bus routes, No. 18 (Enfield/MLK Station) and Nos. 21-22 (Exposition/Chicon), both operated by the Capital Metropolitan Transportation Authority, or Cap Metro.
History
The land where Tarrytown currently exists was originally a estate known as Woodlawn, containing a mansion designed in 1853 by master builder Abner H. Cook (who also designed the Texas Governor's Mansion) for Texas State Comptroller, James Shaw. Shaw sold the estate to Texas governor Elisha M. Pease and his wife Lucadia Christiane Niles Pease in 1857.
In 1916, Governor Pease's daughter, Julia, and grandson Niles Graham joined Graham's cousin Murray subdivided most of the estate's land and formed the Enfield Realty and Home Building Company, which developed much of the neighborhoods in Old West Austin, including Old Enfield, Pemberton Heights, and Bryker Woods. The company's secretary, Paul Crusemann, married Pease's granddaughter, Carrie Margaret Graham, who became a partner and co-developer of the firm. The first phase of the Tarrytown development, named for the family's summer retreat in Tarrytown, New York, opened on November 4, 1934, with several additional phases opening in the following years. In 1939, Carrie Graham Crusemann and Niles Graham opened the Tarrytown Shopping Center on the intersection of Windsor Road and Exposition Boulevard.
Tarrytown caught the eye of the national media when animal rights activist Jeanne Crusemann Daniels, great-granddaughter of Governor Pease, inherited the Tarrytown Shopping Center in 1999 and imposed bans on the sale of animal products or items deemed harmful to animals. The ethically-minded restrictions led some tenants, including the popular burger restaurant Holiday House, to close their doors and over time, and they made way for companies more aligned with her vision of protecting animals from needless harm.
Education
Tarrytown is located in the Austin Independent School District, and its children are served by these public schools:
Tarrytown preschool
Casis Elementary School
O. Henry Middle School
Austin High School
References
Neighborhoods in Austin, Texas
Casper Dalsgaard Jacobsen (born July 12, 1979) is a Danish former footballer, who last played as a semi-professional goalkeeper for Vejle Boldklub in the Danish 1st Division.
External links
Danish national team profile DBU.dk
1979 births
Living people
People from Viborg Municipality
Danish footballers
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Casper Jacobsen
AaB Fodbold players
Aarhus Gymnastikforening players
Danish expatriates in Iceland
Viborg FF players
Vejle Boldklub players
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
Association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from the Central Denmark Region
Stirling Benjamin Peart (December 24, 1890 – November 26, 1963) was an American rugby union player who played wing for the United States men's national team in its first two capped matches in 1912 and 1913.
Biography
Peart was born on December 24, 1890 in California, the son of Benjamin Franklin Peart and Sophia Elizabeth Peart (born Fiske). Peart went to school at Woodland High School and later attended the University of California, graduating in 1915 with a degree in Agriculture. In 1910, Peart coached rugby at Woodland High School. While at the University of California, Peart sang in the glee club, played for the school's rugby team, and became a member of the Beta Xi chapter of the Kappa Sigma fraternity. During his time playing for the California rugby team, Peart was named captain, beginning in the 1913 season.
On November 16, 1912, Peart played for the United States at wing in its first capped match—a 12–8 loss to Australia. On November 15, 1913, Peart also played for the United States at wing in its first test match against New Zealand. Peart scored the only points for the United States in the match on a penalty goal; the match ended as a 51–3 defeat. Although he never made a test appearance for the United States at the position, Peart was also a capable substitute at fullback.
After his graduation from the University of California, Peart worked as a farmer and rancher in Yolo County, California. Peart married Gladys Vesta Elkins in 1921, and was the father of two children. Peart died on November 26, 1963 in Yolo, California.
References
1890 births
1963 deaths
American rugby union players
United States international rugby union players
Rugby union wings
Rugby union fullbacks
University of California, Berkeley alumni
The Union of Locomotive Drivers (, VML) was a trade union representing train drivers in Finland.
The union was founded in 1897 as the Finnish Drivers' and Stokers' Union, by drivers based in Lahti, Riihimäki, Hyvinkää, Hankoniemi, Helsinki, Toijala, Turku and Vyborg. The union affiliated to the Finnish Federation of Trade Unions (SAK) in 1943, and after the war also became a founding constituent of the Federation of Civil Servants (VY). It resigned from the SAK in 1960, disillusioned by its communist leadership.
In 1969, the VY was reformed as the Joint Organisation of State Employees (VTY), and through it, the VML joined the SAK's successor, the Central Organisation of Finnish Trade Unions. The VTY declined in size as the Finnish government put through a programme of privatisation, and in 1995, the VML resigned from it, disillusioned by its reduced influence. The VML instead affiliated directly to the SAK.
In 2018, the VML merged with the Railway Officers' Union, to form the Railway Union.
Presidents
1920: Heikki A. Pyhäluoto
1943: Kauko A. Lehtonen
1951: Gösta Widing
1965: Pekka Oivio
1974: Lasse Syrjänen
1984: Heikki Nurmi
1993: Markku Hannola
2001: Risto Elonen
2017: Tero Palomäki
References
Railway labor unions
Trade unions established in 1897
Trade unions disestablished in 2018
Trade unions in Finland
In molecular biology, P73 antisense RNA 1T (non-protein coding), also known as TP73-AS1 or PDAM, is a long non-coding RNA. It may regulate apoptosis via regulation of p53-dependent anti-apoptotic genes. It may play a role in the development of oligodendroglial tumours.
References
Further reading
Non-coding RNA
Bainbridge State College was a public college in Bainbridge, Georgia. It was part of the University System of Georgia which was merged it into Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College in 2017. The college's campus was located on of land just inside the Bainbridge city limits on U.S. Highway 84 East. A separate campus in Blakely, Georgia was Bainbridge College Early County (which was built in 1999 as Albany Technical College. The Early County Satellite Center was bought by Bainbridge College in 2006). There was also a campus in Donalsonville, Georgia that opened in 2016.
Students commuted from the nearby towns of Attapulgus, Blakely, Brinson, Cairo, Camilla, Climax, Colquitt, Donalsonville, Iron City, Pelham, Thomasville, and Whigham. With the inclusion of Gadsden County to the college's service area, students from neighboring Florida communities also attended as in-state students.
History
The college was established in 1970 with support of local citizens, including former Georgia governor Marvin Griffin, and its doors opened in 1973, during the governorship of Jimmy Carter. Dr. Edward Mobley was the first president. He served from the beginning of the college until 1999, when Dr. Clifford Brock took over, for a tenure that saw enrollment grow by 256 percent. Minority enrollment grew from 24 percent to more than 50 percent as students flocked to the formerly tiny school. Dr. Thomas Wilkerson became president in 2005.
The 1973 charter faculty consisted of Dr. Robert DuBay, Dean; Dr. R. Everett Langford, Chemistry and Geology; and Dr. Ray Chambers, History.
On February 13, 2013, the Board of Regents for the University System of Georgia officially announced that Bainbridge College had been converted into a 4-year state college, and its name was officially changed to Bainbridge State College.
In 2017, the college ceased to exist as a separate entity. The consolidation of Bainbridge State College with Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College (ABAC) became official December 2017 upon the approval of the Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia.
As of July 1, 2018, ABAC offered academic programs in Bainbridge. Southern Regional Technical College (SRTC) assumed responsibility for the technical programs available in Bainbridge.
References
External links
Entry for Bainbridge College on the New Georgia Encyclopedia webpage
Official website (archived)
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Educational institutions established in 1970
Education in Early County, Georgia
Schools in Decatur County, Georgia
Buildings and structures in Early County, Georgia
1970 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
University System of Georgia
Henri Perrot (21 August 1883 – 1961, in Paris) was a French engineer who was one of the pioneers of the automobile industry from the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. He holds numerous patents in the field of automotive drum/shoe braking.
Early life
Henri Perrot was born on 21 August 1883 at Place Saint-Charles, Paris, the son of Françoise Esterle and François Perrot who worked at the Brasier car factory. He studied at Jean-Baptiste-Say High School before gaining a scholarship to the Arts et Métiers ParisTech engineering school in 1888 at the age of 16.
When he left school in 1902, he went to Brasier and helped design the car that would win the Gordon Bennett Cup in 1904 and 1905. The car was driven by Léon Théry. For this Henri Perrot receives the Grand Bronze Medal of the Conseil national des professions de l'automobile (CSCA), "as a reward for the service rendered to the French Automobile Industry, contributing in a large extent to the construction of the car that retained Gordon Bennett Trophy."
Argyll
In 1908, Henri Perrot left Brasier and went to work for Argyll in Alexandria, West Dunbartonshire, Scotland and while there filed his first patent for a system of front wheels brakes (British Patent No. 6807 March 18, 1910 by Henri Perrot and Rubury).
At the London Olympia Motor Show in November 1910, a 12-hp Argyll car with pedal-operated front brakes and lever-operated rear brakes was displayed. At the 1912 London Show, Argyll introduced a 15 hp car with brakes on all four wheels simultaneously operated by either pedal or lever at the choice of the driver. This system was patented in the United States on 21 October 1913.
In 1912 and 1913 he designed a car for Argyll with a valveless engine and with a worm-gear rear axle. In May 1913 the car beat the world record for duration and distance for 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 hours, and 600, 700, 800, 900, and 1000 miles.
In August 1914, at the declaration of World War I, 1500 Argyll cars equipped with the Perrot braking system had been made in the United Kingdom.
Adoption by other companies
In 1919, Delage licensed the Perrot braking system and fitted it to their 6-cylinder chassis, it was also used by Hispano-Suiza on a car designed by Marc Birkigt with a mechanical servo and Henri Rougier reworked a limited quantity of his 1913/14 Turcat-Méry chassis including adding 4-wheel brakes using Henri Perrot's latest drum/shoe brake design. In June 1919 Talbot obtained a license for the braking system. Negotiations took place in 1920 with Renault, but were unsuccessful. However, at the 1920 Motor Show, Henri Perrot demonstrated his brakes on a Renault vehicle resulting in a license being taken up by them in 1921. By 1925, more than fifty car brands around the world were using the braking system.
At the 1924 24 Hours of Le Mans the first three cars (1st Bentley 3 Litre, 2nd and 3rd Lorraine-Dietrich B3-6) were all equipped with Perrot brakes.
Bendix Corporation
In 1924, after meeting at a European auto show, Vincent Hugo Bendix acquired the license to manufacture Perrot's shoe-brake patents and set up the Bendix Corporation with a factory in South Bend, Indiana.
Later life
Henri Perrot retired in 1949 from Bendix. He remained as a consulting engineer for the French branch of Lockheed in Saint-Ouen and also Ame du Ferodo. He was president of the Society of Automotive Engineers from 1950 to 1953 and became a chevalier of the Order of the Legion of Honour on 13 February 1949 and commander of the Spanish Civil Merite in October 1952.
In 1956, he co-authored the book "The Braking of Motor Vehicles on the Road" published by Eyrolles in Paris.
He died in 1961 in Monte Carlo.
See also
Bendix Corporation
Vincent Bendix
Henri Rougier
References
External links
Bendix History
1883 births
1961 deaths
French automotive pioneers
French automobile designers
French automotive engineers
Arts et Métiers ParisTech alumni
Bendix Corporation people
Bricks is the debut studio album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Benny Tipene. It was released on 17 October 2014. It was produced by Sam de Jong at Parachute Studios. The album was re-released in June 2015, containing three new songs and acoustic versions of 'Step On Up' and 'Give This Up'.
Track listing
Charts
Credits
Guitars, Bass & Vocal - Benny Tipene
Drums and Programming - Sam de Jong
Production and Engineering - Sam de Jong
A&R - Jaden Parkes
A&R Administration - Lizzie McGowan
Design - Harrison Burt & Jaden Parkes
Photography - C. Alex de Freitas
'No Good For Me' Original Arrangement - Josh Fountain
Recorded at Parachute Studios
Mixed by Nic Manders at Wairaki Rd
Mastered by Leon Zervos at Studio 301
References
2014 debut albums
Benny Tipene albums
Sony Music New Zealand albums
Albums produced by Sam de Jong
The 2009 Dubai World Cup was a horse race held at Nad Al Sheba Racecourse on Saturday 28 March 2009. It was the 14th running of the Dubai World Cup. It was the last edition of the Dubai World Cup to be run on dirt at Nad Al Sheba before being switched to the synthetic Tapeta surface at Meydan Racecourse.
The winner was WinStar Farm's Well Armed, a six-year-old bay gelding trained in the United States by Eoin Harty and ridden by Aaron Gryder. Well Armed's victory was the first in the race for his jockey, trainer and owner.
Well Armed had been trained in England by Clive Brittain in the early part of his career before being transferred to the Harty's American stable in 2007. Racing in California, he showed his best form on synthetic tracks winning the San Antonio Handicap, the San Diego Handicap and the Goodwood Stakes. In the 2008 Dubai World Cup he finished third behind Curlin and Asiatic Boy. In the 2009 Dubai World Cup he started at odds of 10/1 and won by a record margin of fourteen lengths from the French-trained Gloria de Campeao, with the South African-bred, Saudi Arabian-trained runner Paris Perfect four and a half lengths away in third. The 2/1 favourite Asiatic Boy finished twelfth of the fourteen runners.
Race details
Sponsor: Emirates Airline
Purse: £4,166,667; First prize: £2,500,000
Surface: Dirt
Going: Fast
Distance: 10 furlongs
Number of runners: 14
Winner's time: 2:01.01
Full result
Abbreviations: nse = nose; nk = neck; shd = head; hd = head; nk = neck
Winner's details
Further details of the winner, Well Armed
Sex: Gelding
Foaled: 4 April 2003
Country: United States
Sire: Tiznow; Dam: Well Dressed (Notebook)
Owner: WinStar Farm
Breeder: WinStar Farm
References
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Aleksandr Krutskevich (Олександр Круцкевич, born 13 November 1980) is a retired Ukrainian professional footballer who played as a defender, last for Araz-Naxçıvan in the Azerbaijan First Division. Krutskevich played in the UEFA Intertoto Cup 2008.
Krutskevich began his playing career with FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk.
Krutskevich was made a free agent when Araz-Naxçıvan folded and withdrew from the Azerbaijan Premier League on 17 November 2014.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Kazakhstani footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Feniks-Illichovets Kalinine players
FC Zirka Kropyvnytskyi players
Zhejiang Yiteng F.C. players
China League One player
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Araz-Naxçıvan PFK players
Transport Systems is third studio album of American singer, Ari Gold.
Overview
Gold's third studio album, Transport Systems is marketed as being about movement and progression, transportation, and transformation. "Go where the music takes you...and transport yourself. Ari is releasing a new album of his unique brand of soulful pop." Ari hit the Billboard Top 10 charts for the first time, 6 months after winning the prestigious 13th Annual USA Songwriting Competition with "Where The Music Takes You", where he won the Overall Grand Prize. Working with Steve Skinner and Grammy Award Winning producer Joe Hogue. The album also features special guests Sasha Allen and Dave Koz. LGBT-focussed magazine Pink said his lyrics lingered on "gender, sexuality, addiction and race." In early 2008, the song "Love Wasn't Built in a Day" won in The 7th Annual Independent Music Awards for Best R&B Song.
Track listing
Overture (Feels Like Gold) (featuring Adam Joseph)
Transport Me
Ride to Heaven
Where the Music Takes You (featuring Sasha Allen)
Play It Back
Mr. Mistress
Love Movement I
Human (featuring Mr. Man)
Good Relationship (That's What It Is)
Feeding the Fire
Love Movement II (You Better Preach!)
Soul Killer
I Can Forgive You
Love Wasn't Built in a Day (featuring Dave Koz)
Love Reprise (Bonus Hidden Track) (featuring Dave Koz)
References
2007 albums
Ari Gold (musician) albums
The 1946 Compton Tartars football team was an American football team that represented Compton College as a member of the Metropolitan Conference during the 1946 college football season. Led by head coach Tay Brown, the team compiled a 10–1 record (6–1 against conference opponents), won the Metropolitan Conference championship, defeated Kilgore College in the Little Rose Bowl, and outscored all opponents by a total of 284 to 94.
The team ranked sixth nationally among small college teams in total offense with an average of 331.1 yards per game. The offense was led by fullback John Finney and quarterback Bev Wallace. Finney averaged 6.3 yards per carry and was named "Player of the Year" by the All-Southern California board of football. In the Little Rose Bowl game, Wallace completed 11 of 16 passes for 176 yards and three touchdowns. Wallace later played three seasons for the San Francisco 49ers.
Compton took five of eleven spots on the 1946 All-Metropolitan Conference football team. The honorees were Bev Wallace and John Finney at back; Robert Boyd and Gene Nordyke at end; and Fred (Floyd) Hopper at guard.
Coach Tay Brown led Compton to four Little Rose Bowl games, compiled a 140–33–9 record at the school, and was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1980.
The team played its home games at Ramsaur Stadium in Compton, California.
Schedule
References
Compton College
Compton Tartars football
Pierre Georges Albert François Henry (; 9 December 1927 – 5 July 2017) was a French composer and pioneer of musique concrète.
Biography
Henry was born in Paris, France, and began experimenting at the age of 15 with sounds produced by various objects. He became fascinated with the integration of noise into music, now called noise music. He studied with Nadia Boulanger, Olivier Messiaen, and Félix Passerone at the Conservatoire de Paris from 1938 to 1948.
Between 1949 and 1958, Henry worked at the Club d'Essai studio at RTF, which had been founded by Pierre Schaeffer in 1943. During this period, he wrote the 1950 piece Symphonie pour un homme seul, in cooperation with Schaeffer. It is an important early example of musique concrète. Henry also composed the first musique concrète track to appear in a commercial film: the 1952 short film Astrologie ou le miroir de la vie by Jean Grémillon. Henry also scored numerous additional films and ballets.
Two years after leaving the RTF, he co-founded, with Jean Baronnet, the first private electronic music studio in France: Studio Apsone-Cabasse.
Among Henry's works is the 1967 ballet Messe pour le temps présent, a collaboration with composer Michel Colombier and choreographer Maurice Béjart that debuted in Avignon. In 1970 Henry collaborated with British rock band Spooky Tooth on the album Ceremony.
In 1997, a Métamorphose: Messe pour le temps présent compilation recording was released that brought together remixes of various compositions of Henry's by electronic artists Fatboy Slim, Coldcut, Saint Germain, The Mighty Bop and Dimitri From Paris. Composer Christopher Tyng was heavily inspired by Henry's Psyché Rock when writing the theme to the popular animated cartoon show Futurama. The theme is so reminiscent of Psyché Rock that it is considered a variation of the original which is a piece by Henry and Michel Colombier released in 1967. The track consists of bells, flutes, brass and rock ensemble (guitar, bass, drums) and electronic music. It is strongly inspired by The Troggs song Wild Thing (written by Chip Taylor) and Louie Louie, written by Richard Berry and first popularized by The Kingsmen.
Henry died on Wednesday 5 July 2017 at Saint Joseph's Hospital in Paris, at the age of 89.
Discography
1950 Symphonie pour un homme seul (in collaboration with Pierre Schaeffer)
1951 Le microphone bien temperé
Musique sans titre
Concerto des ambiguities mit Klavier
1952 First film music with musique concrète for Jean Grémillons film Astrologie
1953 Orphée 53, experimental opera for Donaueschingen Festival, first stage play with musique concrète (together with Pierre Schaeffer)
1955 Arcane (ballet)
1956 Haut voltage (ballet)
1958 Coexistence
1959 Investigations
1961 La Noire à Soixante
1963 La Reine Verte (ballet)
1967 Le Voyage (ballet)
1967 Variations pour une porte et un soupir (Variations For a Door And a Sigh)
1967 Messe pour le temps présent (in cooperation with Michel Colombier)
1968 L'Apocalypse de Jean (Die Apokalypse des Johannes) with spoken text
1968 Le Voyage (D'Après Le Livre Des Morts Tibétain)
1969 Ceremony (with Spooky Tooth)
1971 Nijinsky, clown de dieu (ballet)
1973 Machine Danse
1973 Kyldex I (cybernetic ballet)
1975 Futuriste, in memory of the Italian Futurists Luigi Russolo
1979 La Dixième Symphonie, tribute to Ludwig van Beethoven
1986 La Dixième Symphonie De Beethoven
1990 Le livre des morts égyptien (Book of the Dead)
1997 Interieur/Exterrieur
2015 Choix d'oeuvres de 1950–1985 (Selections of works 1950–1985 on VOD Records Cat VOD133 Edition of 400 on 10xVinyl records)
2021 Galaxie Pierre Henry
References
Footnotes
External links
Discography of vinyl records.
Pierre Henry at Virtual International Philharmonic
http://media.hyperreal.org/zines/est/intervs/henry.html
1927 births
2017 deaths
Musicians from Paris
French electronic musicians
French experimental musicians
Electroacoustic music composers
Sound artists
French classical composers
French male classical composers
Musique concrète
Officers of the National Order of Merit (France)
20th-century French composers
20th-century classical composers
20th-century French male musicians
21st-century French composers
21st-century classical composers
21st-century French male musicians
Siparuna gentryana is an evergreen monoecious tree which grows to 20 m in height. It is found in primary forest habitats in western Ecuador and Colombia. It is similar to the more widespread Siparuna cristata but can be distinguished by its much smaller fruits which are spiny rather than smooth.
References
New species of Siparuna
Siparunaceae
Trees of Colombia
Trees of Ecuador
Plants described in 2000
The Palos Verdes Public Library and Art Gallery is a historic building in Palos Verdes Estates, California. It was built in 1929–1930, and designed in the Mediterranean Revival style by architects Myron Hunt and Harold C. Chambers. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since April 7, 1995.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Los Angeles County, California
Mission Revival architecture in California
Library buildings completed in 1930
1930 establishments in California
Feng Aigang (born 20 December 1975) is a Chinese former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of China
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Chinese male sport wrestlers
Wrestlers at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for China
21st-century Chinese people
20th-century Chinese people
Alexandra Kleeman is an American writer. Winner of the 2020 Rome Prize, her work has been reviewed in The New York Times, The Guardian, Vanity Fair, Vogue, and the Los Angeles Review of Books.
Early life and education
Kleeman was born in Berkeley, California, in 1986 to an American professor of religious studies and a Taiwanese teacher of Japanese literature. She grew up in Japan and Colorado. Kleeman studied creative writing and cognitive science at Brown University, and received an MFA from Columbia University in 2012.
Career
In 2010 Kleeman's short story "Fairy Tale" was published in The Paris Review while she was in her first semester of her MFA program. In 2015 her first novel You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine was published. You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine was longlisted for both the New York Book Critics Circle John Leonard Prize and Center for Fiction First Novel Prize. Her short story collection Intimations was published in 2016. Kleeman was the recipient of the 2016 Bard Fiction Prize for promising writers under the age of 40. In August 2021, Hogarth published Kleeman's novel Something New Under the Sun.
Kleeman teaches writing at The New School in New York. She previously taught at Columbia University School of the Arts. She has written for The New Yorker, Paris Review, Harper's, Vogue, Zoetrope, New York Times Magazine, and n+1, among others.
Personal life
Kleeman is married to writer Alex Gilvarry and lives in Staten Island.
Bibliography
You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine, Harper, 2015,
Intimations: Stories, Harper, 2016,
Something New Under the Sun 2021
References
External links
New York Times Review of “Something New Under the Sun”
Living people
Brown University alumni
American women short story writers
American women novelists
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
Columbia University School of the Arts alumni
21st-century American short story writers
1986 births
Abra Honda is a barrio in the municipality of Camuy, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,943.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Abra Honda barrio was 1,420.
Ernesto Memorial Chapel
The Ernesto Memorial Chapel, a historic church, made of stone, is located in Abra Honda barrio.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Camuy, Puerto Rico
Flashpoint is a 1984 American neo-western action thriller film starring Kris Kristofferson, Treat Williams, Rip Torn, Jean Smart, Kurtwood Smith, and Tess Harper. The film is directed by William Tannen in his directorial debut, and is based on the novel of the same name by George LaFountaine, with a screenplay by Dennis Shryack and Michael Butler. The original score was composed and performed by Tangerine Dream. It was the first theatrical film produced by Home Box Office (HBO).
Plot
Border Patrol agents Bobby Logan and Ernie Wyatt are planting motion sensors in a remote area of the Texas desert when they stumble across what appears to be a decades-old Jeep buried in the sand. Upon excavating the vehicle, they find an intact skeleton in the driver's seat, a toolbox containing $800,000 in unused 10 & 20 dollar bills, and a hunting case containing a scoped sniper rifle with matching ammunition. The skeleton is accompanied by a wallet, containing the driver's license of a Michael J. Curtis from San Antonio, and a slip of paper with two phone numbers on it. Logan speculates that the money is from a bank heist in the early 1960s, and suggests that he and Wyatt take the money for themselves. While Wyatt is reluctant; they both finally agree to put out the jeep's license plate information to the Sheriff's department, and ask their telephone operator girlfriends to check out the two phone numbers.
After re-burying the jeep and its contents, the duo take two of the bills to be analyzed, and learn that they were circulated directly from the Federal Reserve in Dallas and are all dated between 1962 and 1963. On checking newspaper records in the town library, Logan can find nothing relating to any bank robberies in 1962/63. He does however pause to read the headlines of 22 November 1963, the day of John F. Kennedy's assassination.
When the two return to the station, they discover federal agents, led by self-proclaimed "fixer" Carson, have arrived, ostensibly to take control of the planned surveillance operation and possible bust of a drug trafficker in coordinating with the local Sheriff Wells. Logan quickly dislikes and distrusts Carson, who seems to be intimately familiar with Logan's service in the U.S. Army. Logan was a decorated infantry officer who served in the United States Army Special Forces and fought in Vietnam. Later on he left the Army and went on a self-imposed exile from higher government activities. Carson appears to deliberately blow Logan and Wyatt's cover when they are moving in to arrest a drug smuggler, almost killing Wyatt. They learn afterwards that Carson has taken over as head of station after the sudden promotion of their previous supervisor.
A local prospector discovers the Jeep burial and site and re-excavates it, summoning the attention of Carson and the US Army who cordon off the area. Logan and Wyatt's girlfriends tell them that the phone numbers are a number in Washington, D.C., and an old, unused number for the Dallas Police Department. They also tell them that the information has been passed onto two fellow Border Patrol agents, Roget and Lambassino. Upon driving to the house of the prospector, they find him murdered and the building burned to the ground. Following the tire tracks leading away from the house, they track down one of their station's Jeeps to a deserted farm, and find the corpses of Roget and Lambassino. Carson and his team subsequently arrive on the scene, intimating to a shocked Logan and Wyatt that the incident will be covered up.
Disgusted at Carson's callousness, Logan is ready to leave town for good, but he first sends him on a solo mission to Soledad Mountain to investigate a suspicious vehicle, while sending Wyatt to a location where he claims illegal immigrants are being smuggled across the border. Logan realizes the mission is a setup, and Carson is trying to eliminate anyone who knows about the jeep. He rushes to Wyatt's last known location, but arrives too late, finding him stabbed to death with Logan's hunting knife.
Grieving for his friend and determined to get revenge, Logan heads to the location where he and Wyatt had hidden the money and rifle. As he approaches, he is shot in the shoulder by Carson and his men. Logan manages to elude their line of sight, flanking behind them and killing Carson's men and shooting him in the leg. Carson limps to Logan's Jeep to try to escape, only to discover the keys aren't in the ignition. Logan empties his revolver into Carson, killing him.
Examining the rifle in the case, Logan is approached by Sheriff Wells holding a gun to his head, berating him for uncovering the Jeep and reawakening a twenty-year old nightmare. He reveals the truth about the Jeep and its contents, that Michael J. Curtis was part of a government conspiracy to assassinate John F. Kennedy, and was himself the true assassin. Wells admits complicity in the conspiracy, providing the assassin with the jeep, gun, and money. Curtis was meant to take these things and drive south to Mexico, but instead accidentally crashed his jeep in the desert during a storm, killing himself and leaving his car to the elements. Wells tells Logan to take the money and go to Mexico; he refuses and states his intention to go back to the station and report everything. Wells tells him that he can't, that he's been framed not only for the murder of Wyatt but also Roget and Lambassino. Wells tells Logan that he'll buy him time from Carson's men. With some reluctance, Logan boards the jeep and tells Wells to tell them he'll return one day. He drives away towards the border, leaving Wells staring out across the desert.
Cast
Kris Kristofferson as Bobby Logan
Treat Williams as Ernie Wyatt
Rip Torn as Sheriff Wells
Kurtwood Smith as Carson
Jean Smart as Doris
Tess Harper as Ellen
Kevin Conway as Brook
Miguel Ferrer as Roget
Guy Boyd as Bobby Joe Lambasino
Roberts Blossom as Amarillo
Mark Slade as Hawthorne
Terry Alexander as Peterson
William Frankfather as Lacy
Joaquín Martínez as Pedroza
Dick O'Neill as Hinshaw
Reception
Flashpoint received mixed reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 54% from 13 reviews.
Soundtrack
Flashpoint is the twenty-third major release and sixth soundtrack album by Tangerine Dream.
A CD version was released in 1984 on the Heavy Metal label but was soon recalled due to pressing errors that rendered the CD unplayable. The soundtrack was not released on CD again until 1995. The entire album was released as part of the bootleg Mystery Tracks (1993).
Track listings
Personnel
Edgar Froese– keyboards, electronic equipment, guitar
Christopher Franke– synthesizers, electronic equipment, electronic percussion
Johannes Schmoelling– keyboards, electronic equipment
The Gems "Flashpoint"
References
External links
1984 films
1980s mystery films
1984 action thriller films
American mystery films
American action thriller films
American detective films
American buddy cop films
1984 directorial debut films
Films about the assassination of John F. Kennedy
Films based on American novels
Films scored by Tangerine Dream
TriStar Pictures films
Films set in Texas
United States Border Patrol
Neo-Western films
Films directed by William Tannen (director)
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Jean-Fidèle Diramba (15 June 1952 – 5 January 2022) was a former football referee from the African state of Gabon. He is known for having officiated the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. Diramba officiated the 1990 Africa Cup of Nations Final in Algiers between Algeria and Nigeria.
Jean-Fidele Diramba was the referee in a World Cup USA '1994 qualifying match between Morocco and Zambia. Morocco won the match 1-0. The officiating created a lot of controversy from the Zambian side due to a number of decisions. Being from Gabon, off whose coast the Zambian team perished, increased the tensions since the Gabonese allegedly were impeding the progress of the investigation into the airplane crash. Protests were held in Lusaka the following day. FAZ (Football Association of Zambia) filed a protest with FIFA regarding the incident but complained about matters other than the refereeing. This action was not brought under scrutiny.
Diramba is an amateur golfer. He played in the 2008 Eisenhower Trophy.
References
External links
FIFA Profile
https://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9F0CE6DB1331F932A25753C1A965958260&sec=&spon=&pagewanted=all
1952 births
Living people
Gabonese football referees
Olympic football referees
21st-century Gabonese people
Swampy Plain River (and in some places Swampy Plains River), a perennial stream that is part of the Murray catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the Snowy Mountains bioregion of New South Wales, Australia.
Course and features
The river rises on the southern slopes of Mount Kosciuszko within the Kosciuszko National Park and, at an elevation of , is believed to be the highest river in Australia. From its headwaters, the river flows generally south, north and north west, joined by nine tributaries including the Geehi River, before reaching its confluence with the Murray River, near Khancoban, upstream from the Bringenbrong Bridge; descending over its course.
Swampy Plain River is impounded by Lake Cootapatamba close to its source, and by Khancoban Dam, close to its mouth. Located immediately upstream of the Khancoban Reservoir is the Murray-2 Power Station, a conventional hydroelectric power station. Water from the power plant is discharged into the reservoir, before passing over the spillway of Khancoban Dam, and down the Swampy Plain River.
The river passes near the towns of Geehi and Khancoban.
The river is a popular place for fly fishing, with a significant stock of brown and rainbow trout.
The historic and iconic Hannel's Spur Track leads up from a signed trailhead near the Swampy Plains River to the very summit of Mount Kosciusko. The trailhead is near the confluence of the Swampy Plains River and the Geehi River – this is the overlooked 3rd route to the summit of Australia's highest mountain. (Difficult)
See also
Rivers of New South Wales
Rivers of Australia
Snowy Mountains Scheme
References
External links
Rivers of New South Wales
Tributaries of the Murray River
Snowy Mountains
Snowy Mountains Scheme
Snowy Valleys Council
Paul Berch is a New Hampshire politician.
Education
Berch graduated from Calvin Coolidge High School. Berch earned a B.A. from George Washington University in 1967 and earned a J.D. from University of Chicago in 1970.
Career
Berch is a retired public service attorney. He worked in the private law sector and in the Windham County Public Defender Office from 1975 to 2009. On November 6, 2012, Berch was elected to the New Hampshire House of Representatives where he represents the Cheshire 1 district. Berch assumed office on December 5, 2012. Berch is a Democrat.
Personal life
Berch resides in Westmoreland, New Hampshire. Berch is married and has two children.
References
Living people
New Hampshire Democrats
Vermont lawyers
George Washington University alumni
University of Chicago alumni
People from Westmoreland, New Hampshire
Members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American lawyers
21st-century American politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Rudolf Huch (28 February 1862 – 13 January 1943) was a Brazilian- born German jurist, essayist and author, primarily of satirical novels and short stories. He also produced a number of educational novels. A theme to which he returned repeatedly in his writing was upward social mobility from the ranks of the provincial petty bourgeoisie. He is sometimes identified in sources by his pseudonym as "A. Schuster".
Life
Provenance and early years
Rudolf Huch was born in Porto Alegre, but spent most of his childhood and indeed of his adult life in and around the Braunschweig region of Germany. At the time of his birth his father, Richard Huch (1830 - 1887) was running a wholesale importing business in Brazil which he had acquired following the death of an older brother. However, when Rudolf was approximately eighteen months old the family returned to Germany, and it was here, in Braunschweig, that the child grew up and attended school, while his father pursued his business career, trading in "colonial goods" from, in particular, Brazil. The younger sister of Rudolf Huch, the author-historian Ricarda Octavia Huch, by whose career his own was always, to some extent, overshadowed, was born in Braunschweig in 1864.
The boy was enrolled at the prestigious Martino-Katharineum (secondary school) in the early summer of 1871. As teenagers, at the recommendation of the family doctor, Rudolf and Ricarda Huch took lengthy annual holidays at the spa resort of Bad Suderode in the hill country between Braunschweig and Leipzig. From his later writing it is clear that Rudolf Huch would always look back on those childhood vacations in the Harz "paradise" with particular affection. On leaving school he studied jurisprudence at the universities of Heidelberg and Göttingen, passing Parts I and II of his state law exams respectively in 1883 and 1887. At Göttingen he joined the Corps Brunsviga (student fraternity).
Lawyer
Huch remained in Braunschweig for some months, employed as a "Gerichtsassessor" (loosely, "trainee judge"), but the bankruptcy of his father's business ruled out any immediate possibility of a career in the government justice service. He then relocated in 1888 to nearby Wolfenbüttel, where he lived until 1897, working as a lawyer and notary. In 1897 he moved again, settling in Bad Harzburg. Here he would live for the rest of his life, apart from a five-year hiatus between 1915 and 1920, during which he made his home in Helmstedt.
Writer
During the 1890s Huch seems to have found work as a small town lawyer less than fulfilling, and he embarked on a parallel career as a writer. His work betrays an underlying pessimism and melancholy, possibly driven by a belief that as a writer he would always be overshadowed by more confident relatives who would leave their own larger footprints on literary history. His first published work involved literary criticism. He found wider prominence with his aphoristic volume "Mehr Goethe" ("More Goethe"), published in 1899, which he described as "a high spirited cavalry charge against the diverse literary nonsenses of modern life". in which he employed his satirical wit to uncover the contradictions in the book business, and to ridicule the fashionable superman archetypes of the time and the accompanying Nietzsche cult. He also railed against the nineteenth century revival of Naturalism and took delight in deriding its manifestations on the theatre stage.
As a writer of fiction Huch came to be seen as a writer of stories in the tradition of Goethe and, more recently, of Keller and Raabe. He himself was particularly conscious of his self-appointed role as an heir to Wilhelm Raabe, describing himself on at least one occasion as a "Romantiker von Geblüt" ("romantic by blood"). His mostly satirical narratives, critical of contemporary society, including a number of autobiographical pieces, found a wide readership during the first part of the twentieth century.
His first novel, "Tagbuch eines Höhlenmolchs" (literally "Dairy of a Giant Salamander") was probably written during 1894. It was published under the pseudonym "A. Schuster" in 1896, and reprinted in 1900, this time under the author's real name. The book is a brutal satirical assault against the social customs he had observed among the townsfolk of Braunschweig and Wolfenbüttel. During this first phase of his creativity Huch also wrote a number of stage plays. Most of these were comedies. An early exception was "Menschenfreund" ("Philanthropist"), a stage tragedy published in 1895.
Of the thirty or so mostly satirical novels that Rudolf Huch produced two, in particular, stand out for the way in which they retained the support of critics and readers, even after the author's death. These were both, in their ways, sociological studies, "Die Beiden Ritterhelm" ("Both the Knights' Helmets") and "Die Familie Hellmann" ("The Hellmann Family"), published in 1908/09 and 1909. The second of these was reprinted more than twenty times. It differs from earlier works in the extent to which the author moves beyond simple caricatures and stereotypes, demonstrating a hitherto undisclosed skill in respect of careful character development and an understanding of the positive nature of "true humanity" with all its overlapping elements. Also worth picking out for special mention is the 1911 picaresque novel, "Wilhelm Brinkmeyers Abenteuer, von ihm selbst erzählt" ("Wilhelm Brinkmeyer's Adventure, as related by himself"), structured as a series of adjusted memories cloaked in the hypocritical gestures of an honest man, which even today merits high praise as a timeless gem. The book's appeal and humour are driven by a tension between the reader's perception of reality and the way in which that reality is presented.
Among his more noteworthy short stories is "Der tolle Halberstädter" (loosely, "The Superman of Halbertadt": 1910) which bases its central figure of "Super Christian" on the military commander Christian the Younger of Brunswick (1599-1626), a previously little remembered younger son of Henry Julius, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1564-1613). Also worthy of mention and particularly popular with readers were his "Lied der Parzen" ("Song of the Parzen": 1920), drawing inspiration from Iphigenia in Tauris by Euripides (and, subsequently, by Goethe) and the Bad Honnef story "Spiel am Ufer" (loosely, "Game on the River Bank": 1927).
In addition to his books, Huch remained active as a culture and arts critic and as an essayist. Like his sister, he continued to contribute articles of literary scholarship. In particular, Aphorism was a device with which he was identified. Sympathetic commentators insist that despite the occasional savagery of his social and cultural criticism, there was always an underlying positivity shaped by the author's inherent humanism. "Sincerity, boldness, love and spirituality" were all core elements in Huch's version of the true human condition ("... wahres Menschentum").
In 1925 Huch also produced a new edition of Rudolf von Jhering's respected 1872 work "Der Kampf ums Recht" (loosely, "The Fight over Law and Justice") for the Leipzig-based Reclam-Verlag publishing house.
The final decade of Rudolf Huch's life, between 1933 and 1943, was lived under National Socialism. It has done nothing for Huch's posthumous reputation that after they came to power the National Socialists exploited the social criticism of the petty bourgeoisie the ooze from the pages of his novels to denigrate their political adversaries and infer endorsement of their state-mandated antisemitism. It is, however, hard to see Huch's books as inherently antisemitic, given the popularity they enjoyed within the German-Jewish community during the years of the republic. As political polarisation spilled onto the streets and the Reichstag became deadlocked, Huch was nevertheless one of those who moved towards Hitlerism. In 1933 he was accepted into the Prussian Academy of Arts (Poetry section) shortly after 40 members considered politically undesirable had been resigned from the institution. Those excluded in 1933 included his sister, who had been an academician since 1926. In October 1933 Huch's was one of 87 signatures on the infamous proclamation of loyalty to Adolf Hitler from German writers, which appeared in the Vossische Zeitung. A number of those who signed, when later they were moved to understand in greater depth the sheer inhumanity of Hitler's vision for Germany, recanted with varying levels of openness and conviction. Rudolf Huch (who was 71 when the declaration was published) did not. In 1934 he published the 76 page propaganda booklet "Israel und wir". Although there is no record of further public endorsement of the government on this level by Huch, his novels continued to be popular with readers through the twelve Hitler years. After he died at the start of 1943 work began on a tribute publication to be entitled "im Einvernehmen mit dem Dichter". Nevertheless, despite the abundance of his own published output, it never reached before two volumes, and after the war ended two years later work on it ceased. With the western two thirds of Germany divided and under military occupation after 1945, three of Huch's later works, published during the twelve Hitler years, were placed on the "Liste der auszusondernden Literatur" (loosely, "List of Literature to be weeded out") in the Soviet occupation zone.
Notes
References
19th-century German male writers
20th-century German male writers
German male essayists
German male novelists
Jurists from Lower Saxony
Corps students
Heidelberg University alumni
University of Göttingen alumni
German satirists
Nazi Party members
People from Porto Alegre
Writers from Braunschweig
1862 births
1943 deaths
Piers Holt Wilson (known as Peter; January 1883 – 3 February 1956) was an Anglican bishop in the mid part of the 20th century.
Early Years and Education
Wilson was born in Redgrave Hall, Redgrave, Suffolk, England to George Holt Wilson and Lucinda James. After the death of his mother when he was 3 years old, he was brought up by his sister Evelyn. He was educated at Sherborne School and Oriel College, Oxford. After studying at Oxford, he taught in a Prep School for boys. He entered Wells Theological College situated in Wells after he was ordained in 1909. He was a curate in Kettering, a town in the northern part of Northamptonshire. He was one of 7 curates to the vicar the Reverend Patrick Smythe. He became priest-in-charge of All Saints St Andrews in 1920 and later rector in 1930. In 1940 he was appointed Dean of the Diocese of Saint Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane.
Bishop
On April 8, 1943, he was elected as Bishop of Moray, Ross and Caithness, succeeding Bishop Arthur Maclean. He was enthroned as bishop on 29 June 1943 by the Primus of the Scottish Episcopal Church the Most Reverend Logie Danson. Bishop Wilson retired as Bishop of Moray, Ross and Caithness in 1953. He settled back in St Andrews. He died in 1956.
WWI
As soon as World War I began in August 1914, Wilson enlisted. He served in the Royal Army Medical Corps from 1914 to 1915, first as a stretcher-bearer then later as a Chaplain in the disastrous Gallipoli Campaign of 1915. After serving with the Royal Army Medical Corps, Wilson entered the Royal Army Service Corps then, from 1916 to 1919, he served as a chaplain in the Royal Armed Forces. He was mentioned in dispatches and awarded the military O.B.E. for his part in evacuating people from an airfield in France. He received a letter signed by Winston Churchill.
Marriage
Wilson married the widow of his friend who had died during WWI in 1915. Wilson married Ella Lee in 1920 and went to live in St Andrews after he was appointed rector of All Saints by his former vicar and by then Dean of St Ninian's Cathedral in Perth, Patrick Smythe.
Notes
1883 births
People educated at Sherborne School
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
Deans of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane
20th-century Scottish Episcopalian bishops
Bishops of Moray, Ross and Caithness
1956 deaths
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Army Medical Corps officers
Royal Army Service Corps officers
Royal Army Chaplains' Department officers
The High Energy Photon Source (HEPS) is a diffraction-limited storage ring synchrotron light source producing hard x-ray radiations for scientific applications that will be built in the Huairou District in suburban Beijing, with estimated completion in 2025.
See also
Beijing Synchrotron Radiation Facility (BSRF, in Beijing, China)
Shanghai Synchrotron Radiation Facility (SSRF, in Shanghai, China)
National Synchrotron Radiation Laboratory (NSRL, in Hefei, China)
Dalian Coherent Light Source (DCLS, VUV FEL in Dalian, China)
Soft X-ray Free Electron Laser (SXFEL, in Shanghai, China)
List of synchrotron radiation facilities
Notes
References
Groundbreaking Ceremony at the High Energy Photon Source in Beijing, Synchrotron Radiation News, 32:5, 40-40 (2019)
"China opens unique free electron laser facility", Science (January 2017)
Zhao, Zhentang et al. "SXFEL: A Soft X-ray Free Electron Laser in China", Synchrotron Radiation News Volume 30, 2017 - Issue 6
Light sources
Coatbridge West is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. Covering neighbourhoods in the south-west of Coatbridge (Barrowfield, Dundyvan, Kirkwood, Langloan, Old Monkland) and the separate village of Bargeddie, it elects three councillors. A boundary review in 2017 caused the loss of an area between Langloan Street, the A725 and the A89, with a small decrease in the electorate but no change in the number of seats. The ward had a population of 14,910 in 2019.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2017 Election
2012 Election
Labour Party councillor Tom Maginnis died on 29 November 2012. A by-election was held on 28 February 2013 and the seat was retained by Labour's Kevin Docherty.
On 8 March 2016, Labour councillor Jim Smith resigned from the party and became Independents.
2013 by-election
2007 Election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Coatbridge
Norman Martin Mischler (9 October 1920 – 10 September 2009) was an English first-class cricketer and British Indian Army officer. Mischler served in the British Indian Army during the Second World War. While in British India he played first-class cricket for the Europeans cricket team, before returning to England where he played first-class cricket for Cambridge University and the Free Foresters. He was a leading figure in the chemical industry.
Early life and military service
Mischler was born at Paddington in October 1920 to Martin Mischler and his wife, Martha Sarah Lambert. He was educated at St Paul's School. After leaving St Paul's he enlisted in the ranks of the British Army as a private. He was commissioned during the Second World War as a second lieutenant as of 17 August 1941 and joined the Royal Indian Army Service Corps. In December 1941, he made his debut in first-class cricket for the Europeans against the Parsees in the 1941–42 Bombay Quadrangular at Bombay. He made two further first-clas appearances for the Europeans, both against the Indians in the Madras Presidency Matches of 1942 and 1943. By the end of the war he had been mentioned in dispatches twice, once as a temporary captain in May 1946, and secondly as a temporary major in September 1946. Both were for service in Burma.
Return to England
He returned to England in 1946, where he began studying at St Catharine's College, Cambridge. While studying at Cambridge he played first-class cricket for Cambridge University in the 1946 and 1947 seasons, making eighteen appearances. He scored 434 runs for Cambridge, at an average of 14.96, with a high score of 76. He made three further appearances in first-class cricket for the Free Foresters against Cambridge University in 1949, 1950 and 1951. Mischler played as a wicket-keeper during his first-class career, taking 35 catches and making 10 stumpings. After graduating from Cambridge, Mischler worked in the chemical industry, most notably for Hoechst. He was vice-chairman of the German Chamber of Industry and Commerce in London from 1974 to 1984, for which he was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany (Officer's Cross) in 1985. He died at London in September 2009.
References
External links
1920 births
2009 deaths
People from Paddington
People educated at St Paul's School, London
British Indian Army officers
Indian Army personnel of World War II
English cricketers
Europeans cricketers
Alumni of St Catharine's College, Cambridge
Cambridge University cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
20th-century English businesspeople
The short-billed leaftosser (Sclerurus rufigularis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
Description
The short-billed leaftosser is a stocky bird with a short tail. It reaches a length of about and compared to other leaftossers its beak is short, being rather than long. Otherwise, it is similar in appearance to the tawny-throated leaftosser (Sclerurus mexicanus) being dark brown with a buffy-ochre throat and rufous breast. It may have a faint reddish-brown eye-stripe and pale brown eye-ring.
Distribution
This funarid has a widespread distribution in the northern Amazon rainforest. Its range includes Colombia, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana, Venezuela, Bolivia, Peru and Brazil, and extends into the Andean foothills up to an altitude of about .
Ecology
Leaftossers are secretive birds that move through the undergrowth probing the leaf-litter with their beaks. They are difficult to observe, but may be recognised by the calls they emit, particularly at dawn and dusk. Short-billed leaftossers feed on the ground, hopping rather than walking, probing moist soil and rotten wood with their beaks and flicking aside dead leaves while foraging for small invertebrates. Their diet includes spiders, insect egg cases, ants, beetle larvae and adult beetles.
Status
Compared to similar-sized ground-dwelling, birds, S. rufigularis is intolerant of fragmentation of its forest habitat and does not persist in isolated remnants of forest. This may be because of its inability to cross open ground and thus it is unable to disperse or recolonise forest fragments, or it may be due to a failure to adapt to the forest-edge changes in its habitat. However, even if the number of birds is declining somewhat, the bird has a very extensive range and a presumed large total population, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
External links
short-billed leaftosser
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
short-billed leaftosser
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rudisill–Wilson House is a historic home located near Newton, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built about 1820, and is a two-story, three-bay, central hall plan frame dwelling. It features exterior end chimneys and a shed porch with late-19th century brackets.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1820
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Kam-e Sorkh (, also Romanized as Kamsorkh) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 266, in 78 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Golf Club of Houston is a private golf club in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, near Humble and northeast of Houston. The club contains two 18-hole courses; the Member Course is private, while the Tournament Course is open to the public. The Tournament Course was designed by Rees Jones and tour pro David Toms.
The club hosted the Houston Open from 2003–2019.
History
The original 18-hole golf course on the location was El Dorado Country Club. It was designed by George Fazio in 1964, and included a log cabin style clubhouse, which had been a private home, and a small swimming pool surrounded by tall pine trees. El Dorado Country Club was closed in the early 1990s, a victim of a suffering Houston economy following the oil bust. The original clubhouse was demolished.
The Redstone Golf Club was then established in 2002. The first phase of Redstone Golf Club opened in July 2002 with a new 18-hole course designed by Jacobsen-Hardy Golf Design. It also included clubhouse facilities, maintenance facilities, and restaurant.
The club was purchased by Escalante Golf of Fort Worth in April 2013 and renamed that December to the Golf Club of Houston.
Scorecard
References
External links
Coverage of the Shell Houston Open on the PGA Tour's official site
Golf clubs and courses in Texas
Sports venues in Houston
Fort Confidence, located at the mouth of the Dease River on the eastern tip of the Dease Arm of Great Bear Lake, Northwest Territories, was a Hudson's Bay Company establishment (not a trading post), built in 1837 by Peter Warren Dease and Thomas Simpson as a base for their exploration of the Arctic coast. It served as a quarter for two winters. The structure was a log building, and burned down a short time later. In 1848, the post was rebuilt by John Bell and used by Sir John Richardson and Dr. John Rae as a base of operations during the search for famous explorer Sir John Franklin, who went missing along the Arctic Coast. These buildings were still standing in 1902, but had again been destroyed by fire by 1911 when George M. Douglas's expedition to the Coppermine River passed through the area. The remains of this fort consist of four stone and clay chimneys.
Fort Confidence was featured in Jules Verne's book The Fur Country.
Photo gallery
External links
Fort Confidence at the Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre
The Great Bear Lake: Its Place in History
Chapter 8 of The Fur Country
CHAPTER IX. Transactions at Fort Confidence^ winter 1837-8. — Death of Peter Taylor, — Winter Discoveries and Surveys. from Narrative of the Discoveries on the North Coast of America, effected by the Officers of the Hudson's Bay Company, during the years 1836—39 by Thomas Simpson
Hudson's Bay Company forts
Ghost towns in the Northwest Territories
Buildings and structures in the Northwest Territories
Confidence
Former populated places in the Sahtu Region
Former populated places in Arctic Canada
1837 establishments in Canada
The Journal of the Brazilian Chemical Society (print , eISSN , CODEN JOCSET) is a Brazilian scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1990 and is published by the Brazilian Society of Chemistry (Sociedade Brasileira de Química), located at the Instituto de Química da Universidade de São Paulo. The journal is online, and the full text is freely available. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2014 impact factor of 1.129, ranking it 100th out of 157 journals in the category "Chemistry Multidisciplinary".
The publishes other chemistry journals with the titles Química Nova and Química Nova na Escola (QNEsc).
The Journal of the Brazilian Chemical Society should not be confounded with publications from the Associação Brasileira de Química (ABQ) in Rio de Janeiro. The latter publishes the Anais da ABQ.
See also
Anais da ABQ
Brazilian Journal of Chemical Engineering
Química Nova
Revista Brasileira de Chímica
Revista Brasileira de Engenharia Química, Caderno de Engenharia Química
References
External links
Homepage of the journal: J Braz Chem Soc
Homepage of the Sociedade Brasileira de Química (SQB): SQB
Homepage of the Associação Brasileira de Química (ABQ): ABQ
Chemistry journals
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies of Brazil
Kinelsky (masculine), Kinelskaya (feminine), or Kinelskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Kinelsky District, a district of Samara Oblast, Russia
Kinelsky (rural locality) (Kinelskaya, Kinelskoye), name of several rural localities in Russia
Santa Mission (also: Santa Aratak or Santa Aratack) is a village in the Essequibo Islands-West Demerara Region of Guyana. Santa Mission is mainly inhabited by Lokono Amerindians. The village is located on the Kamuni Creek, a tributary of the Demerara River. The village of Hopetown, an early Chinese settlement, is located about from Santa Mission.
Overview
Santa Mission was founded in 1858 by Alfred Patterson, a lumberjack who was looking for Wallaba trees (Eperua falcata). The village is built on white sand hills along the blackwater Kamuni Creek.
The economy of Santa Mission is based on tourism, craft making, and logging. The village has a Nursery and Primary school, a healthcare centre, and a local library. In 2008, the festivities of the Amerindian Heritage Month were held in Santa Mission. As of 2015, it was the only indigenous village in Essequibo Islands-West Demerara with titled land.
Sights
Located on top of the hill is a giant silk-cotton tree. During the Dutch colonial era, the tree was used a navigation aid on the Demerara River. In the Lokono language, the tree is called Kamaka which means "mother of all trees." There is a village monument dedicated to the past toshaos (village chiefs) and a kamuni Women Craft shop. Near the village is the Arrowpoint Nature Resort, a privately owned tourist resort with its own nature reserve.
Transport
Santa Mission does not have a connection to the road network and can only be accessed via the river. Arrowpoint Nature Resort operates a ferry service from Timehri (Cheddi Jagan International Airport) which makes a stop at Santa Mission. The journey will take between 45 minutes and one hour.
Hopetown
In 1864, Chinese missionary O'Tye Kim petitioned the Court of Policy for a Chinese settlement. In 1865, Hopetown was founded on the Kamuni Creek and started with 25 settlers. The village was named Hopetown after Admiral James Hope who had visited the village. It is located at .
Hopetown flourished and peaked at 800 people in 1874. The economy was mainly based on charcoal production. When the demand dwindled, many Chinese moved to other towns. By 1914, about a third of the population was non-Chinese and there were only 46 Chinese left.
References
Indigenous villages in Guyana
Populated places in Essequibo Islands-West Demerara
Tourist attractions in Guyana
Moon Hooch is an American band from Brooklyn, New York, known for their dance-oriented percussion- and saxophone-based music. The band is a duo consisting of saxophonists Wenzl McGowen, Michael Wilbur, who tour with a live drummer. The band members met while attending The New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music, and got their start busking in New York City Subway stations.
Their self-titled debut album was released in 2013 and peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Jazz Albums chart. Their second album This Is Cave Music was released on September 16, 2014. and reached number 5 on the Billboard Jazz Albums chart.
History
Early years
The band first started busking in 2010, playing in front of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. The band started out playing mostly jazz, but then moved to dance music after a better audience reception. Later, they decided to busk in the New York City Subway. In the process they were banned from the Bedford Avenue station by the NYPD, who tried to prevent people from dancing on the platform edge. In 2011 they appeared as the house band on the Australian TV series Hamish and Andy's Gap Year where they were re-christened "The Busketeers". Their album artwork is designed by Ari Michael Warner.
2013–2015
After gaining a reputation from busking, Moon Hooch started to release albums, beginning with their self-titled debut on June 25, 2013. It was recorded in a 24-hour period at Bunker Studio in Brooklyn, and most of the copies were sold while the band was still busking. Their second album, This is Cave Music, was released on September 16, 2014 and was the first to use synthesizers, post-production work, and vocals. It received positive reviews, and many reviewers commented on the band's unique style. Their next album, Red Sky, would continue to use the same elements pioneered in This is Cave Music. Moon Hooch has been influential in the “brass house” genre, as well as pushing the boundaries of jazz.
2016–present
The band's second EP, following 2017's The Joshua Tree, was released on April 6, 2018, via Hornblow Recordings. The short three track EP was announced alongside the video for the first single of the album, "Acid Mountain."
On November 5th, 2019, Moon Hooch released the single Candlelight, followed by an announcement of the release of their newest album Life On Other Planets. The album is set to release on January 10, 2020, and will be followed by a large North American tour and a smaller European tour. On September 9th, 2021 the band released a new album titled Super Cone Bros referencing the character Mario.
Philosophy
The band believes deeply in environmental causes. They are strongly passionate about environmentalism and sustainable living, and use their influence to share this philosophy with others. In 2017, they announced that the band would be carbon neutral. Along with environmental activism, the band is also united in their practice of meditation. They say that it helps to give them focus, something they value in their work. The band also believes that meditation has allowed them to become better people.
Discography
Studio Albums
Moon Hooch (Hornblow/Palmetto, 2013)
This Is Cave Music (Hornblow/Palmetto, 2014)
Red Sky (Hornblow/Palmetto, 2016)
Life on Other Planets (Self-Released, 2020)
Super Cone Bros (Self-Released, 2021)
Extended Plays
Joshua Tree – EP (Hornblow, 2017)
Light It Up – EP (Hornblow, 2018)
Live albums
Live at the Cathedral (Hornblow, 2017)
Live in Nashville (Self-Released, 2020)
Singles
Mon Santo – Single (Hornblow, 2018)
Acid Mountain – Single (Hornblow, 2018)
Moon Hooch & Tonio Sagan – Rise (2019)
Give Yourself to Love - Single (2019)
Candlelight - Single (2019)
Nonphysical - Single (2019)
Band members
Michael Wilbur – tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone, bass saxophone, synthesizers, soprano clarinet, vocals
Wenzl McGowen – tenor saxophone, baritone saxophone, contrabass clarinet, EWI, synthesizers
Former band members
James Muschler – drums and percussion, tabla, synthesizers, soprano saxophone
References
External links
Official YouTube Channel
Official Bandcamp
American dance music groups
Musical groups from Brooklyn
American street performers
Palmetto Records artists
"Este Corazón" (English: "This Heart") is the third radio single and fourth and last official single from the Mexican band RBD's second studio album, Nuestro Amor (2005). Although having a version in Portuguese, it was only played as the second opening of the third season of the telenovela Rebelde and not released to radio in Brazil.
Release
The song was released in March 2006 to Mexican radio stations, as the album's fourth and last single.
Although the song had not been officially released in the United States, the song managed to chart within the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks at number 10. It was nominated by the public as one of the most romantic songs of the year for Univision's trendy Premios Juventud, which aired on July 13, 2006.
The song became a hit on the U.S. radio as it has been named 'Hot Shot' of the Hot Latin Songs on Billboard.com on June 13, 2006 when it climbed 57 spots from #96 to #39 during one week. It reached its peak on the Hot Latin Tracks Chart at number 10.
Music video
The video was only used as the second opening in the telenovela's third season. On February 14, 2006, the show's producers surprised the audience with the premiere of the opening video featuring the band performing the song.
Award
Charts
References
2006 singles
RBD songs
Spanish-language songs
Pop ballads
Songs written by Armando Ávila
Song recordings produced by Armando Ávila
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1964 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and ASK won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Silver Screen Pictures was first established in 2004 under the original name Silver Screen Productions before registering as Australian business, Silver Screen Pictures in 2006. The film, media and production company was first established in Brisbane, Australia by Director Alex Barnes and later partnered with by his Producer Justin Morrissey in early 2009. The company predominantly work in Music Videos, Corporate and documentary Production.
Not A Willing Participant
Silver Screen Pictures first major international production was the 27 minute documentary "Not A Willing Participant", 2009, which featured Australian Indigenous artist Vernon Ah Kee and his journey to represent Australia at the 53rd Venice Biennale of Art. The film premiered in Utah, USA at the Slamdance Film Festival, and later screened on the ABC (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) in 2010. "Not A Willing Participant" has also screened on Qantas inflight entertainment and the 2010 Dungog Film Festival.
References
External links
Film production companies of Australia
MINE in the context of chemotherapy is an acronym for one of the chemotherapy regimens used for treatment of relapsed or refractory aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Today this regimen is often combined with monoclonal antibody rituximab. In this case the regimen is called R-MINE or MINE-R.
The [R]-MINE regimen consists of:
Rituximab - anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody that can kill both normal CD20-expressing B cells and malignant ones;
Mesna to prevent the development of hemorrhagic cystitis which may otherwise result from ifosfamide administration;
Ifosfamide - an alkylating antineoplastic agent from oxazafosforine group;
Mitoxantrone - a synthetic anthracycline analogue (anthraquinone) that is able to intercalate DNA and thus prevent cell division (mitosis);
Etoposide - a topoisomerase inhibitor.
Dosing regimen
References
Chemotherapy regimens used in lymphoma
Simson Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
The Simson Provincial Park is located on the southern half of South Thormanby Island and is opposite Halfmoon Bay, British Columbia. The park is of mostly forested land, though it also contains the remains of an abandoned farm and orchard. The park is only accessible by sea. It takes its name from pioneer Calvert Simson whose family donated the land in order to create the park.
External links
Simson Provincial Park at BC Parks
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Sunshine Coast Regional District
Protected areas established in 1986
1986 establishments in British Columbia
Marine parks of Canada
The House of Aaron, less commonly known as the Aaronic Order or The Order of Aaron, is a US religious sect that believes they are descendants of Aaron and believe in the Aaronic writings. The sect is centered in Eskdale, Utah, a small farming community in Millard County, with additional branches in Partoun and Murray, Utah. The House of Aaron was founded in 1943 by Maurice L. Glendenning and has an estimated membership between 1,500 and 2,000.
Background
Glendenning was born 15 February 1891 in Randolph, Kansas. He and his family were unfamiliar with the Latter Day Saint movement and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). However, as a boy, he confided in his father that he could "hear heavenly music even when wide-awake". As a young teen, the heavenly music became interspersed with angelic voices uttering poetry, which he began to write down in notes he kept private out of fear of ridicule. As a young man, the "angelic poetry" evolved into doctrinal and philosophical statements, and he gradually began sharing the text of his messages with more and more friends and relatives.
In 1928, Glendenning and his family moved to Provo, Utah, looking for employment. Counseled by LDS missionaries, Glendenning began to feel that a number of LDS doctrines, including the priesthood and proper authority, helped him understand his experiences and writings. Glendenning and his wife were baptized into the LDS Church on August 14, 1929.
On January 15, 1945 he was excommunicated as the "Instigator of the Aaronic Order". LDS Church General Authorities asserted that Glendenning was an apostate or heretic. While LDS members could receive divine inspiration for themselves, no one could receive authentic divine messages for the church as a whole, except the President of the Church. However, Glendenning claims not to have received divine messages for the LDS church as a whole; rather, he was accused of wrongdoing presumably because he had claimed to receive divine inspiration that, if true, would affect the validity of some of the teachings of the LDS Church.
Glendenning died October 5, 1969 in Utah.
Sect classification
The House of Aaron does not consider itself to be part of the Latter Day Saint movement. However, religious researchers have categorized it as part of the Latter Day Saint movement, due to Glendenning's membership and excommunication from the LDS Church, the LDS roots of most of its founding members, the similarities between Glendenning's claims and those of Mormonism's founder Joseph Smith, and the Utah location of its commune and branches.
Current ministry and beliefs
The House of Aaron ministry is currently under the leadership of John M. Conrad, who states, "Our passion and mission is to assist in the gathering of Israel into a Holy Nation with Yeshua as King and the Torah (Word) as its constitution. Our focus is on Yeshua (Jesus)." The House of Aaron website states its mission is "to participate in and hasten the preparation of the Body of Jesus Christ for His second coming." Its vision is to "restore the Biblical, Levitical ministry to its prophesied fullness in Jesus Christ and to reconcile individuals, families, and fellowships to their places in the Body of Christ."
The following statement comes from the official House of Aaron website:
The House of Aaron is the Biblical name of the family of Israelite priests ordained by God to serve Him at the Tabernacle in the wilderness and, later, at the temple in Jerusalem. Aaronites were a family within the tribe of Levi. This entire tribe was called by God to minister to him and then to the people. The specific duties of the Levites were to assist Aaron in the work of the Tabernacle, in teaching, ministering in music and judging all the tribes of Israel. God made clear that Levi was to have no inheritance in the land but Him. (Deuteronomy 18:1–2) Thus, no territory was identified as Levi and Aaron's home. Instead, 48 Levitical cities were scattered about the land, some in each tribe to remind Levi that his ministry extended to all the tribes of Israel.
Scripture
The House of Aaron considers its beliefs to be strictly Biblical and part of the broader messianic movement united under the Alliance of Redeemed Israel (ARI). Its basic beliefs have never included the Book of Mormon, nor any other LDS scriptures.
In 1978 the Levitical Writings was published. This book was a compilation of 1944's Book of Elias, or the Record of John, 1948's New Revelations for the Book of Elias, or the Record of John, and 1955's Disciple Book.
Currently, House of Aaron says that the "Levitical Writings" is only mentioned and studied on occasion but is not used for doctrine. House of Aaron leader John Conrad states unequivocally that the Bible is "the undisputed basis of our doctrine and teaching."
Godhead
In contrast to the LDS Church's teaching of Godhead, the Aaronic Order teaches that Christ is seen as having a Heavenly Father, but also
is to be thought of as the Father and that the Holy Ghost is the spirit of God and Jesus Christ resumed after his resurrection.
Priesthood
The Aaronic Order believes that members given the Aaronic Priesthood in the pre-mortal existence, and need not be ordained. Members therefore believe that they are Biblical leaders who were predestined to come to the earth and fulfill their responsibilities.
Communal settlement
In 1955 the church established a communal settlement called Eskdale, Utah, named after Eskdale, Scotland. Eskdale has become a small unincorporated farming area in Millard County, Utah, located just east of the Nevada border.
In its early years, Eskdale community was isolationist, and a uniform was worn: the men in blue slacks and shirts with "Aaron" embroidered in gold over the pocket; women in blue and white dresses with "Levi" embroidered on their small, white caps. However, over the past several decades, the community has slowly become an open, integral part of the local valley, and the dress code has been relaxed.
Sabbath
Since 1958 they have observed the Seventh Day Sabbath because of a revelation from Glendenning.
Plural marriage
In 2005, due to numerous publications which claimed the House of Aaron practiced plural marriage, the House of Aaron was included in the Utah Attorney General's Office and the Arizona Attorney General's Office publication titled The Primer. It was included within the list of "Fundamentalist Groups" that are practitioners of plural marriage. However, in 2011 the House of Aaron was removed from the publication. The House of Aaron states that they have never believed in or practiced polygamy and House of Aaron leader John M. Conrad has described polygamy as "abhorrent and disgusting."
Citations
General and cited references
External links
House of Aaron website
Messianic Israel Alliance website
Excerpts from Levitical Writings
1943 establishments in Utah
Christian organizations established in 1943
Latter Day Saint movement in Utah
New restoration denominations in the Latter Day Saint movement
Seventh-day denominations
Perioperative stress dose of steroids to mitigate this rare but potentially fatal complications of perioperative use of steroid such as full-blown adrenal crisis in the perioperative period due to the secondary adrenal insufficiency. Various exogenous steroid preparations are used for a wide range of indications.
Stress doses
Emergency corticosteroid supplementation in patients taking exogenous corticosteroids:
Pediatric doses
Emergent intramuscular dosing can be given if child is not tolerating oral medications or unable to get IV within 15 minutes. IM hydrocortisone sodium succinate doses are:
25 mg for child 3 years and younger
50 mg for children >3 yrs – 12 years
100 mg for children 12 years and older.
References
Corticosteroids
Marc Vicente Cases (born 20 November 1973 La Seu d'Urgell) is a Spanish slalom canoeist who competed from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of 10th in the C-2 event in Sydney in 2000.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1973 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Spain
Spanish male canoeists
Haji Roz-ud-Din is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-262 (Killa Abdullah) as a candidate of Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA) in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 45,590 votes and defeated Malik Muhammad Usman Achakzai, a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP).
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
The INA War Museum () or the Indian National Army War Museum () is a WWII museum in Moirang, Manipur. It is the only official WWII museum in Manipur though many other WWII museums are opened in the state. This museum is situated inside the INA Memorial Complex. The museum focuses primarily on the rise of the Indian National Army (INA) and the contributions of Subhash Chandra Bose to the Indian independence movement. This museum is the only official museum dedicated to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
History
Moirang is the first place in Indian soil where the Indian national tricolour flag was hoisted. It was in this place where the INA War Museum and the INA Martyrs' Memorial Complex were developed. The INA War Museum was established in the year 1985. It was in tribute to Subhash Chandra Bose for his roles in the Indian Freedom Struggle.
Collections and features
The Indian National Army War Museum displays artefacts and relics of WWII found from various locations in Manipur. These relics dating back to 1944 include arms and ammunition, bayonets, helmets and other documents. It also displays hundreds of rare photographs of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose and the INA, maps, insignia, currency notes, Netaji's letters, INA badges and Japanese amulets.
Exhibits
The INA museum exhibits a gallery of historical personalities of Manipur including Manipuri soldiers in the Indian National Army.
See also
Imphal Peace Museum
Kakching Garden
Keibul Lamjao National Park - world's only floating national park in Manipur, India
Khonghampat Orchidarium
Loktak Folklore Museum
Manipur State Museum
Manipur Zoological Garden
Phumdi - Floating biomasses in Manipur, India
Sekta Archaeological Living Museum
Yangoupokpi-Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary
References
External links
The INA War Museum www.museumsofindia.org
Ganesan pays floral tribute to Netaji INA soldiers www.pothashang.in
Governor visits INA Museum www.pothashang.in
INA flag hoisting anniversary observed at Moirang www.pothashang.in
INA will be upgraded soon - CM www.pothashang.in
Governor hoists National Flag INA www.pothashang.in
President paid Homage Subhash Chandra Bose INA Moirang www.pothashang.in
Museums in Manipur
Museums in India
World War II museums
Hans-Joachim Griephan (born 26 September 1937) is a German journalist, publisher and founder of the "Wirtschaftsinformationsdienst" published since 1964, the .
Life and career
Griephan was born in Malchin. After a childhood in Mecklenburg, Griephan left the GDR in the early 1950s and went first to West Berlin, later to the federal capital Bonn. He began his journalistic career in 1958 at the Berliner Morgenpost and in 1961 moved to the US news agency United Press International as a correspondent, initially in the Berlin, then in the Bonn bureau.
In 1964, Griephan was for some months an editorial member of Die Zeitung – Ein deutsches Magazin at the publishing house in Stuttgart (together with Sigfrid Dinser and Helmut Markwort)
From 1964 to 1993, Griephan edited the journal Wehrdienst. Der Informationsbrief für die Verteidigungswirtschaft.
Griephan was a columnist for a time in 1979 for the Wirtschaftswoche (Hans-Joachim Griephan über Behördenaufträge). For the Welt am Sonntag, Hamburg, Griephan wrote from 1979 to 1981 a weekly column "Bonner Geschäfte". Von 1980 bis 1985 veröffentlichte das Unternehmermagazin Impulse, Cologne, Griephans Kolumne "Geschäfte mit dem Staat".
In Bonn, Griephan was managing partner of the 3-W-Büro Agentur für Wehr-Wirtschafts-Werbung from 1969 to 1993. GmbH bzw. Bonnservice Werbe & Beratungsdienste GmbH.
In 1979, the member of the Bundestag (SPD) filed a criminal complaint for insult against Griephan. When the was amended in 1978, Pensky had pushed through a strict restriction of any arms trade by German citizens and from West German soil. The offence ("Dämelack") was linked to the accusation that Pensky was causing difficulties for the German arms industry in the international arms trade. In a settlement, Griephan assumed the costs of the proceedings. He retracted his insult and Pensky the criminal charge.
Other activities
Until 1988 Griephan was deputy president of the e. V., founded in 1960 in Lübeck. (FRG), then president. In 1991 it moved its seat from Lübeck to Neubrandenburg. On Griephan's initiative, the Förderverein Reuter-Museen e. V. was founded in 1991 to support the four Reuter museums in Stavenhagen, Eisenach, Neubrandenburg and Dömitz. Griephan is founder and owner of the Fritz Reuter Literary Archive in Berlin (formerly Privates Fritz Reuter Literaturarchiv [FRLA], Bonn). He is considered an important autograph collector on 19th century literature. Since 2018, Griephan has been gradually transferring his collection as a gift to the Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin – Preußischer Kulturbesitz, which is making these holdings accessible in Estate 597 (Collection Hans-Joachim Griephan).
In the second half of the 1980s, triggered by his leadership activities in the Fritz Reuter Society, Griephan was subjected to spying by the Ministry for State Security of the GDR. The reason for this was the joint effort of the head of the Federal Agency for All-German Tasks (BfgA) Detlef Kühn and Griephan to gain influence on the handling of the Fritz Reuter legacy in the GDR, according to the GDR authorities "in the all-German sense". Such things were rejected there and attempts were made to stop it.<ref>Detlef Kühn: InternetArchiveBot Berlin 2011, .</ref> Informants about Griephan included in particular the unofficial collaborator Jürgen Borchert,Christiane Baumann: Das Literaturzentrum Neubrandenburg 1971-200?. Schriftenreihe des Robert-Havemann-Archivs, vol. 11, Berlin 2006. GDR dissident winner of the Fritz Reuter Art Prize of the Schwerin district (1980),; the prize is not to be confused with the biennial Fritz Reuter Prize awarded by the Hamburg Carl Toepfer Foundation. Klaus Meyer, ,Christiane Baumann: Das Literaturzentrum Neubrandenburg 1971–2005, . Marion Schmidt, ().
After Borchert committed suicide in the course of the affair, Griephan was accused in the regional newspapers in Neubrandenburg, Rostock and Schwerin, by the Evangelical Academy of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern as well as by the then PDS of having "finished Borchert off with the Stasi club" ().
For the election periods 1994 to 1999 and 1999 to 2004, Griephan was elected to the city council of Neubrandenburg for the CDU.Statistisches Amt Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (ed.), Statistische Sonderhefte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Wahlen 1999, 9 (1999), issue. 6, , see: .
Publications
Fritz Reuter und Berthold Auerbach. Ein Brief Reuters an Auerbach und ein Manuskript Auerbachs über Reuter, in Ulf Bichel/Friedrich Minssen/Helmut de Voss, Vom Reichtum des Erzählens. Fritz Reuter 1810–1874, München/Vienna 1985,
Die Bedeutung des Reutergeldes Fünfteilige Folge in Mecklenburg : Heimatzeitschrift für Landsleute und Freunde Mecklenburgs, volu. 26, 1984, No. 7 , No. 8 , No. 9 , No. 10 , No. 11
Headlines
From reports by upi correspondent Hans-Joachim Griephan:
Berlin: Ostberlin gleicht einer belagerten Stadt. Volkspolizei-Einheiten kampieren auf den Straßen. Unruhe und Empörung unter der Bevölkerung (in Göttinger Tageblatt and other papers, 14 August 1961)
Berlin: Volkspolizist mit Herz ließ Menschen durch den Stacheldraht. Möbel der Flüchtlinge zu Schleuderpreisen an SED-Funktionäre (in Offenbach-Post and other papers, 18 August 1961)
Berlin: General Clay: "Wenn es Ernst wird, bin ich da" (in Düsseldorfer Spätausgabe and other papers, 22 August 1961)
Berlin: Straße der Tränen. In der Bernauer Straße geht die Spaltung durch die Herzen – Beton und Stacheldraht (in Hamburger Echo and other papers, 1 September 1961)
Berlin: Strohhut-Emil sagt: "Ick will sterben ..." Ein Teller Erbsensuppe wartet bei Aschinger vergebens. Berliner Original muß im Osten bleiben (in Frankfurter Nachtausgabe and other papers, 13 January 1962)
Rostock: „Wie die Verpflegung – so die Bewegung“ Die Landwirtschaft im SED-Staat steht vor einer neuen Krise – Der Schlendrian als Form des Widerstandes (in Fuldaer Zeitung and other papers, 24 July 1962)
Berlin: Kranke Mutter am Strick in die Freiheit gezerrt. 13 Menschen erzählen die dramatische Geschichte ihrer Tunnelflucht (in Bremer Nachrichten and other papers, 14 March 1963)
Bonn: Das Palais Schaumburg sah Playboys und Besatzer. Ludwig Erhard neuer Herr im "Hause des Bundeskanzlers" – Nur das Schlafzimmer mochte Adenauer nicht (in Nord-West-Zeitung and other papers, 10 October 1963)
Lengede: Schaumgummi-Matratzen für die Eingeschlossenen. „Komfort“ in 90 Meter Tiefe. Frische Wäsche, aber unrasiert – Huhn sprang aus der Dose (in Bonner Generalanzeiger and other papers, 30 October 1963)
Lengede: Freude ohne Jubel über die Rettung nach 184 Stunden. Die drei Geretteten wollen sich überlegen, ob sie wieder einfahren (in Der Mittag and other papers, 2 November 1963)
Lengede: Die Mutter Courage von Lengede. "Mich schickt keiner weg" Glückliche Bergmannsfrau will an der Bohrstelle bis zum Ende warten (in Göttinger Tageblatt and other papers, 5 November 1963)
Lengede: So wurden die elf Bergleute geborgen. Lengede: "Wunder" wurde wahr. Bei strahlend blauem Himmel taumelte einer nach dem anderen ins Sonnenlicht (in Bonner Generalanzeiger and other papers, 8. November 1963)
Further reading
Kriminalist in Sachen Literatur. Bislang hat sich Hans-Joachim Griephan als Archivar von Reuter und Hahn einen Namen gemacht, jetzt kommt der Autor Friedrich Griese dazu. In Nordkurier, Neubrandenburg, 3 January 2011, .
„... eine unschätzbare Quelle für die Erforschung der Geistesgeschichte des 19. Jahrhunderts“. Handschriften von Ida Gräfin Hahn-Hahn im Fritz Reuter Literaturarchiv, in Bibliotheken, Archiven und Museen.'' In Winfried Wilhelmy (ed.), Bibliothecarius Martinianus, Geisteswissenschaftliche Studien im Umfeld der Mainzer Martinus-Bibliothek, Mainz/Würzburg 2018, . (Bistum Mainz), 978-3-429-05347-5 (echter).
References
External links
Schriften von Griephan in der Landesbibliographie Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
1
2
3
20th-century German journalists
German columnists
German publishers (people)
1937 births
Living people
People from Malchin
In 1997, a core set of six principles was established by ecological economist Robert Costanza for the sustainability governance of the oceans. These six principles became known as the "Lisbon Principles": together they provide basic guidelines for administering the use of common natural and social resources.
Principle 1: Responsibility. Access to environmental resources carries attendant responsibilities to use them in an ecologically sustainable, economically efficient, and socially fair manner. Individual and corporate responsibilities and incentives should be aligned with each other and with broad social and ecological goals.
Principle 2: Scale-matching. Ecological problems are rarely confined to a single scale. Decision-making on environmental resources should (i) be assigned to institutional levels that maximize ecological input, (ii) ensure the flow of ecological information between institutional levels, (iii) take ownership and actors into account, and (iv) internalize costs and benefits. Appropriate scales of governance will be those that have the most relevant information, can respond quickly and efficiently, and are able to integrate across scale boundaries.
Principle 3: Precaution. In the face of uncertainty about potentially irreversible environmental impacts, decisions concerning their use should err on the side of caution. The burden of proof should shift to those whose activities potentially damage the environment.
Principle 4: Adaptive management. Given that some level of uncertainty always exists in environmental resource management, decision-makers should continuously gather and integrate appropriate ecological, social, and economic information with the goal of adaptive improvement.
Principle 5: Full cost allocation. All of the internal and external costs and benefits, including social and ecological, of alternative decisions concerning the use of environmental resources should be identified and allocated. When appropriate, markets should be adjusted to reflect full costs.
Principle 6: Participation. All stakeholders should be engaged in the formulation and implementation of decisions concerning environmental resources. Full stakeholder awareness and participation contributes to credible, accepted rules that identify and assign the corresponding responsibilities appropriately.
See also
Earth System Governance Project
Environmental science
Environmental economics
Systems ecology
Ecological economics
Sustainability science
Sustainability accounting
List of environmental organisations
List of environmental agreements (international)
List of sustainability topics
Sustainable development
Natural resource economics
Energy economics
Bioeconomics
Natural capital
References
Water and the environment
International sustainable development
Oceans
Lisa Gwilym (born 17 June 1975) is a Welsh broadcaster. She is best known as a presenter for BBC Radio Cymru and the Welsh language television channel, S4C.
Television
Gwilym began her career at S4C in 1998 as a continuity presenter for the Planed Plant children's strand.
In October 2001, she joined the S4C live teen magazine programme Uned 5 (Unit 5) as a presenter. During her time on the show, she took part in the 2003 John Cooper Mini Challenge. She also co-presented a special documentary with then-colleague Gethin Jones from Madagascar. Gwilym quit as presenter in December 2014, but stayed with the programme as a producer.
Between April 2008 and December 2009, Gwilym presented S4C's now-defunct flagship arts programme, Sioe Gelf. In 2012, she was one of three presenters for the history series Darn Bach o Hanes. She also introduced ITV Wales's archive series Cofio and the live music series Y Stiwdio Gefn.
Gwilym has also presented and reported for S4C's coverage of the Welsh National Eisteddfod (in 2003, 2004 & 2009), the Brecon Jazz Festival, Sesiwn Fawr Dolgellau (Dolgellau's Big Session), Wakestock, the Tan y Ddraig (Dragon's Fire) concerts at Bryn Terfel's Faenol Festival and Hanner Cant, a music festival to mark the 50th anniversary of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg. She has also been a live reporter for Children in Need's Welsh opt-out coverage and worked on BBC Radio 1's BBC Introducing opt-out in Wales.
Gwilym currently presents the long-running S4C religious series Dechrau Canu, Dechrau Canmol and the fitness reality show FFIT Cymru.
Radio
In summer 2003, Gwilym joined BBC Radio Cymru to present a twice-weekly late night show for the station's C2 youth strand - broadcast live from BBC Cymru's studios in Bangor and featuring contemporary Welsh language music, features, news & interviews and listeners' texts & e-mails. The show ran until October 2007.
She went onto present early morning and weekend afternoon shows, and in November 2010, C2's flagship 8-10pm slot each weeknight. Following cutbacks in October 2012, she moved to a weekly three-hour show, broadcast 7–10pm on Wednesday nights, now known as Lisa Gwilym yn Cyflwyno (Lisa Gwilym Introducing).
Gwilym joined BBC Radio Wales in 2016 as a cover presenter. Following the death of Alan Thompson in September 2017, she began presenting a late night show on Sundays, making her the only presenter with regular shows on both of the BBC's radio networks in Wales. She left Radio Wales in January 2021.
As of February 2018, Gwilym also presents a weekly breakfast show for BBC Radio Cymru 2 on Sunday mornings.
Awards
Gwylim won the Y Selar Award for Best Music Presenter in 2015.
Personal life
Originally from Henllan in Denbighshire, Gwilym studied psychology at Cardiff University.
She now lives in Y Felinheli with her husband, actor Llŷr Ifans. In late 2013, she gave birth to their first child.
References
External links
Lisa Gwilym yn Cyflwyno... (BBC Radio Cymru)
Lisa Gwilym (BBC Radio Wales)
Online text blog for Y Sioe Gelf (in Welsh)
1975 births
Living people
People from Denbighshire
Place of birth missing (living people)
Welsh-language broadcasters
Welsh-language television presenters
Welsh radio presenters
Welsh television presenters
In statistics, expected mean squares (EMS) are the expected values of certain statistics arising in partitions of sums of squares in the analysis of variance (ANOVA). They can be used for ascertaining which statistic should appear in the denominator in an F-test for testing a null hypothesis that a particular effect is absent.
Definition
When the total corrected sum of squares in an ANOVA is partitioned into several components, each attributed to the effect of a particular predictor variable, each of the sums of squares in that partition is a random variable that has an expected value. That expected value divided by the corresponding number of degrees of freedom is the expected mean square for that predictor variable.
Example
The following example is from Longitudinal Data Analysis by Donald Hedeker and Robert D. Gibbons.
Each of s treatments (one of which may be a placebo) is administered to a sample of (capital) N randomly chosen patients, on whom certain measurements are observed at each of (lower-case) n specified times, for (thus the numbers of patients receiving different treatments may differ), and We assume the sets of patients receiving different treatments are disjoint, so patients are nested within treatments and not crossed with treatments. We have
where
= grand mean, (fixed)
= effect of treatment , (fixed)
= effect of time , (fixed)
= interaction effect of treatment and time , (fixed)
= individual difference effect for patient nested within treatment , (random)
= error for patient in treatment at time . (random)
= variance of the random effect of patients nested within treatments,
= error variance.
The total corrected sum of squares is
The ANOVA table below partitions the sum of squares (where ):
Use in F-tests
A null hypothesis of interest is that there is no difference between effects of different treatments—thus no difference among treatment means. This may be expressed by saying (with the notation as used in the table above). Under this null hypothesis, the expected mean square for effects of treatments is
The numerator in the F-statistic for testing this hypothesis is the mean square due to differences among treatments, i.e. it is The denominator, however, is not The reason is that the random variable below, although under the null hypothesis it has an F-distribution, is not observable—it is not a statistic—because its value depends on the unobservable parameters and
Instead, one uses as the test statistic the following random variable that is not defined in terms of :
Notes and references
Analysis of variance
Ablabera analis is a species of beetle first discovered by Carl Peter Thunberg in 1818. No sub-species are listed in the Catalogue of Life.
References
Melolonthinae
Beetles described in 1818
Expedia Inc. is an online travel agency owned by Expedia Group, an American online travel shopping company based in Seattle. The website and mobile app can be used to book airline tickets, hotel reservations, car rentals, cruise ships, and vacation packages.
It is owned and operated by Expedia Group.
History
Expedia.com launched on October 22, 1996, as a division of Microsoft.
In 1999, Microsoft spun off the company as a public company. Rich Barton became Expedia's CEO.
In July 2001, USA Networks, Inc. bought Expedia from Microsoft.
In December 2010, listings for AMR Corporation, the parent company of American Airlines and American Eagle Airlines, were suspended by Expedia due to a dispute over how America's fares and schedules appeared in the site's search results AMR and Expedia reached an agreement in April 2011, allowing tickets to once again be sold through the aggregate site.
In June 2014, Expedia started accepting bitcoins.
Starting the 2018-21 cycle, Expedia Group became the first ever global sponsors of the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Super Cup as Expedia extends to the another season until 2024 and Hotels.com will end the sponsorship after 2021-22 season.
Expedia's revenue dwindled from $12 billion in 2019 to $5.2 billion in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to the Travel Market Report, from January to December 2020 the U.S. Department of Transportation received 14,604 complaints about Expedia and other online travel agencies (OTAs) from customers trying to get refunds for cancelled flights. As the source notes: "On social media, customers complained of excessively long call times and being unable to get through to a representative, leading to travelers being unable to make any changes to their travel plans or start refunds. Some people said they could not get a hold of someone for as much as 24 hours and one person said they called over 30 times."
Starting the pandemic-hit 2020-21 season, Expedia struck the deal with the 2020 English champions, Liverpool F.C. as the another global sponsors of the website in 3 seasons until 2023.
Controversies and Criticism
Privacy concerns
In February 2019, TechCrunch reported that the Expedia mobile app in the iOS App Store was using session-replay functionality from Israeli firm Glassbox, to record users' activities and send the data to Expedia servers without users' informed consent, compromising users' privacy and contravening the rules of the iOS App Store.
Involvement in Israeli settlements
On 12 February 2020, the United Nations published a database of all business enterprises involved in certain specified activities related to the Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territories, including East Jerusalem, and in the occupied Golan Heights. Expedia and its parent company, Expedia Group, have been listed on the database in light of its involvement in activities related to "the provision of services and utilities supporting the maintenance and existence of settlements".
Legal issues
Expedia was involved in a number of lawsuits including class action lawsuits during the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular for refusing refunds for flights canceled over the coronavirus outbreak.
In August 2016, Buckeye Tree Lodge and Sequoia Village Inn, LLC filed a class-action lawsuit in California accusing the company and its partners of "brazen deceit" by coordinating with internet search engines and social media institutions to return false results on lodging entities in favor of those affiliated with their websites, in violation of the Lanham Act. The lawsuit was settled in April 2021, after the company promised not to engage in false advertising.
References
Further reading
External links
Expedia Group
American companies established in 1996
Hospitality companies established in 1996
Internet properties established in 1996
Travel ticket search engines
American travel websites
Universal Windows Platform apps
Air Canada Flight 624 was a scheduled Canadian domestic passenger flight from Toronto Pearson International Airport to Halifax Stanfield International Airport in Halifax, Nova Scotia. During heavy snow and poor visibility, at 00:43 ADT (03:43 UTC) on 29 March 2015, the Airbus A320-211 landed short of the runway and was severely damaged. Twenty-six people were injured.
Accident
Air Canada Flight 624 departed from Toronto Pearson International Airport (YYZ) bound for Halifax Stanfield International Airport (YHZ). It was carrying 133 passengers and five crew. The Airbus A320 operating the flight, registration C-FTJP, impacted the ground short of the threshold of runway 05 (which is not equipped for precision landing), smashing through an ILS-LOC antenna array. This impact caused the landing gear to separate from the aircraft. The plane also impacted a power line, which cut power to the airport. The aircraft then climbed an embankment up to the runway level, skidded on its belly and stopped past the threshold. The Halifax airport was without electricity for about 90 minutes.
The aircraft was extensively damaged, having lost all landing gear and its port engine. The wings and tailplane were also damaged. Both pilots, twenty-three passengers and a flight attendant were taken to hospital. None of the injuries were life-threatening, and all but one of those taken to hospital were released the same day. The weather at the time of the accident was described as "stormy" (winter conditions). The loss of power to the airport was due to the aircraft clipping transmission lines before hitting the ground. Electricity was restored to the airport by 02:12 ADT.
While the aircraft collided with objects outside the airport perimeter and was damaged beyond repair, Air Canada initially described the accident as a "hard landing".
Aircraft and crew
The aircraft was an Airbus A320-211 equipped with two CFM56-5A1 engines. Its serial number was 233 with a fleet number of 214, and it first flew in 1991. It was owned by GECAS and leased to Air Canada. As a result of the accident, the aircraft was written off.
The captain had been with Air Canada for more than nine years and had logged 11,765 flight hours, including 5,755 hours on the Airbus A320. The first officer had been with the airline for 15 years and had 11,300 flight hours, with 6,392 of them on the Airbus A320.
Investigation
The accident was investigated by the Transportation Safety Board of Canada. Three Bureau of Enquiry and Analysis for Civil Aviation Safety (BEA) investigators from France and two technical advisers from Airbus travelled to Canada to participate in the investigation. As a result of the accident, Air Canada revised its incorrect Airbus A320-200 Standard Operating Procedure.
The final report was released in May 2017, and showed no mechanical faults contributing to the accident. Instead pilot error was mainly to blame, as the crew followed relevant Air Canada flying procedures that contradicted Airbus and pilot training guidelines. Investigators determined that the airline's standard operating procedure in regard to the selected landing mode (Flight Path Angle Guidance) was over-reliant on the Airbus' automation and led to excessive loss of altitude. Per the SOP, the crew need not have monitored the aircraft's altitude or relation to the runway to make any subsequent adjustments to the flight path angle after the final approach fix. Subsequently, the captain and first officer failed to notice or respond to the fact that the aircraft autopilot selected a steep vertical angle flight path, causing a drop below the minimum safe altitude. Furthermore, limited visibility hampered the crew's ability to accurately perceive their surroundings.
Litigation
A class action lawsuit was introduced against Air Canada, the Halifax Airport, NAV Canada, Transport Canada, Airbus and the aircraft's pilots which alleges that negligence on the part of the defendants caused the crash, inflicting physical and psychological harm onto the passengers. Other separate lawsuits are being assessed by medical professionals, with settlements based on the relative severity of each client's injuries.
On 30 March 2017, Air Canada filed a lawsuit against Airbus, alleging that the manufacturer "failed to identify shortcomings of the Airbus A320", which included uncommanded descent below the pre-programmed glide path.
See also
Accidents and incidents involving the Airbus A320 family
Air Inter Flight 148, another case of an Airbus A320 descending improperly leading to a CFIT
References
Further reading
External links
Transportation Safety Board of Canada: "Collision with terrain involving an Air Canada Airbus A320 at Stanfield International Airport, Halifax, Nova Scotia"
Air Canada: "Air Canada provides Update on AC624"
Post-accident photos – TSBCanada on Flickr
Aviation accidents and incidents in 2015
Airliner accidents and incidents in Canada
Accidents and incidents involving the Airbus A320
Air Canada accidents and incidents
2015 disasters in Canada
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
March 2015 events in Canada
History of Halifax, Nova Scotia
Halifax Stanfield International Airport
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by pilot error
Jas M. Morgan is an Indigenous Canadian writer, who won the Dayne Ogilvie Prize for emerging LGBTQ writers in 2019.
Morgan, of Cree, Saulteaux and Métis heritage, is a professor in the Department of English at Ryerson University. They are also a doctoral student in art history at McGill University, and Editor-at-Large on Indigenous art for Canadian Art magazine. Their first book, Nîtisânak, was published in 2018, and was nominated for the Lambda Literary Award for Lesbian Memoir or Biography at the 31st Lambda Literary Awards, and for the Indigenous Voices Award for English-language literature. They were identified as a Canadian writer to watch by CBC Books in 2019.
They previously worked as editor for mâmawi-âcimowak, an Indigenous art journal. Their writing has also appeared in GUTS, Malahat Review, Teen Vogue, Room, and other popular publications. In 2019 they served as one of the CBC Nonfiction Prize readers. Additionally, Morgan curated the 2019 Arts and Literary Magazines Summit.
Bibliography
nîtisânak (memoir, 2018, published by Metonymy Press)
Critical Sass (poems, 2016, published by bawajigaywin)
Academic Publishing
"Distorted Love:Mapplethorpe, the Neo/Classical Sculptural Black Nude, and Visual Cultures of Transatlantic Enslavement," Imaginations, July 2019.
"Toward a Relational Historicization of Indigenous Art," Art Journal 77 no. 4 (2019): 127–128.
Prairie Families: Cree-Métis-Saulteux Materialities as Indigenous feminist Materialist Record of Kinship-Based Selfhood" (Master of Arts Thesis, 2018).
"I Wonder Where They Went": Post-Reality Multiplicities and Counter-Resurgent Narratives in Thirza Cuthand's Lessons in Baby Dyke Theory," Canadian Theatre Review 175 (2018): 47-51.
Awards
Dayne Ogilive Prize, Writers' Trust of Canada (2019)
Finalist, Lesbian Memoir/Biography Category, Lambda Literary Award (2019)
Finalist, Published Prose in English, Indigenous Voices Literary Award (2019)
Nominated for nîtisânak, Concordia University First Book Prize, Quebec Writers' Federation Awards (2019)
Nominated, Canadian Art Kinship issue edited by Nixon, Best Editorial Package, National Magazine Awards (2018).
Best Digital Editorial Package, "Sex Ed: Beyond the Classroom" in The Walrus, Digital Publishing Awards, National Media Awards Foundation (2019).
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Canadian non-fiction writers
21st-century First Nations writers
Canadian art critics
Canadian magazine editors
Women magazine editors
Canadian magazine writers
Canadian memoirists
Cree people
LGBT First Nations people
LGBT memoirists
Canadian LGBT poets
Saulteaux people
21st-century memoirists
The Resistance is an ongoing American comic book franchise created by J. Michael Straczynski, Mike Deodato and Frank Martin, and is being published by AWA Studios through its Upshot Studios imprint since 2020.
Premise
The Resistance is set in a shared fictional universe, in which humanity faced the Great Death, a pandemic that killed millions of people, but also causes the appearance of Reborns, survivors with superhuman powers, as well as the founding of a faction known as the Resistance.
List of works
The Resistance (2020)
The Resistance is the initial series of the franchise, written by J. Michael Straczynski, drawn by Mike Deodato and colored by Frank Martin. The series began on March 18, 2020, and ended on September 30, 2020. Straczynski said he wanted to give readers, especially millennials, something that would impart a measure of hope without "undue cotton candy" while confronting "dead-on" the real challenges people face, comparing the recent paradigm in comic books with the previous paradigms established by DC Comics during the "authoritarian" 1940-1950s and Marvel Comics during the "anti-authoritarian" 1960s. Deodato expressed that The Resistance is “exceptional, even more exciting" than the Netflix series, Sense8, which Straczynski was a writer.
The series received mixed reviews from critics.
E-Ratic (2020–2021)
E-Ratic is a limited series written and drawn by Kaare Andrews, and colored by Brian Reber. The series began on December 2, 2020, and ended on April 27, 2021. The series tells the story about a teenage high schooler who has just been bestowed with great powers, but he has to fight against interdimensional monsters.
The Resistance: Reborns (2021)
The Resistance: Reborns is a one-shot issue written by J. Michael Straczynski, drawn by C. P. Smith and colored by Snakebite Cortez. The book was published on January 6, 2021. The issue features an anthology of five stories that happen during the Great Death. Straczynski said he used his previous experience from Babylon 5 to expand The Resistance with other stories and characters through this anthology. Axel Alonso explained that The Resistance, which was created a year prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, somehow predicted the current issues in the world, considering it "the X-Men of the 21st century".
The Resistance: Uprising (2021)
The Resistance: Uprising is the sequel of The Resistance, written by J. Michael Straczynski, drawn by C. P. Smith and colored by Snakebite Cortez. The series began on April 7, 2021, and ended on September 29, 2021. Straczynski explained that while The Resistance was written prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, Uprising was written before the political events of December 2020–January 2021. Smith described the book as “an allegory of our times.” Alonso added that Uprising "is about maintaining hope during hopeless times. It's about people who look past their differences, recognize their common humanity, and refuse to surrender their values in an increasingly corrupt time.”
The series received mixed reviews from critics.
Moths (2021)
Moths is a limited series written by Straczynski, and drawn and colored by artist Mike Choi. The series began on June 2, 2021, and ended on November 24, 2021. Straczynski and Alonso said the series follows a young woman who, although she survives the pandemic, her lifespan is instead reduced by the abilities she receives. Choi said he "wanted to paint a book that was very much grounded in realism so that while the idea of 'superpowers' felt extraordinary, the characters' reactions to them were very ordinary. The characters in Moths are people who should reflect us and our experiences so that we can relate to them as much as possible, so how they're depicted and described are geared specifically towards that goal."
Knighted (2021–2022)
Knighted is a limited series written by Gregg Hurwitz, drawn by Mark Texeira and colored by Brian Reber. The series began on November 8, 2021, and ended on April 20, 2022. Hurwitz said he was inspired by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko's run on Spider-Man, as well as Mark Millar and John Romita Jr's run on Kick-Ass, and the two years Hurwitz spent writing Batman. This led him to the idea about what if the original superhero was a very bad person, while the protagonist was pure of heart but much too meek for his own good. Alonso said, “with Knighted, Gregg and Mark are deconstructing and, in fact, reinventing an all-too familiar super-hero paradigm in the context of a brand-new shared universe that's rooted in the 21st Century.”
The Joneses (2022)
The Joneses are a limited series written by Mike Moreci, drawn by Alessandro Vitti and colored by Ive Svorcina. The series began on April 6, 2022 and concluded on August 31, 2022. Moreci announced the series is focused on an interracial family with powers, with elements inspired in the Fantastic Four and The Incredibles.
E-Ratic 2: Recharged (2022–present)
E-Ratic 2: Recharged is the sequel of E-Ratic, written and drawn by Kaare Andrews, and colored by Brian Reber. The series began on September 7, 2022. The story follows the main character teaming up with a barbarian princess who claims to be from another dimension.
Collected editions
References
2020 comics debuts
Comics by J. Michael Straczynski
Fictional universes
Milett Figueroa (born 10 June 1992) is a Peruvian model, celebrity at El Gran Show and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Supertalent 2017 on December 3, 2016 in Seoul, South Korea. She is the first Miss Supertalent winner from Peru.
Pageantry
Miss Supertalent 2017
In November 2016, she traveled to Seoul, South Korea, to represent her country as "Miss Peru" at the Miss Supertalent 2016 and won the title of Miss Supertalent 2016
References
External links
Official Miss Supertalent Official Website
1992 births
Peruvian beauty pageant winners
Peruvian female models
Living people
People from Lima
Kestel is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
The H&BR Class G3 (LNER Class J75) was a class of steam locomotives of the Hull and Barnsley Railway (H&BR). The H&BR became part of the North Eastern Railway (NER) in 1922 and the NER became part of the London and North Eastern Railway (LNER) in 1923.
Rebuilding
The locomotives were built with domeless boilers working at 150 psi. Starting in 1922, 14 of the 16 were rebuilt with domed boilers working at 175 psi.
Withdrawal
They were withdrawn between 1937 and 1949. One locomotive survived into British Railways (BR) ownership in 1948 and was given the BR number 68365. None are preserved.
References
M3
0-6-0T locomotives
Kitson locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1901
Scrapped locomotives
YEC locomotives
Standard gauge steam locomotives of Great Britain
Prasophyllum pilligaense is a species of orchid endemic to New South Wales. It has a single tubular, shiny dark green leaf and up to thirty scented greenish brown to brownish and white flowers. It is only known from a few populations in the Coonabarabran district.
Description
Prasophyllum pilligaense is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single shiny, dark green, tube-shaped leaf, long and wide with a purplish base. Between about twenty and thirty sweetly scented, greenish brown to brownish flowers are densely crowded along a flowering spike long and reaching to a height of up to . As with others in the genus, the flowers are inverted so that the labellum is above the column rather than below it. The dorsal sepal is egg-shaped to lance-shaped, long, wide and has three to five darker veins and a pointed tip. The lateral sepals are linear to lance-shaped, long, about wide, free from each other and more or less erect. The petals are white with a red central area, narrow linear in shape, long and about wide. The labellum is white, narrow oblong, long, wide and turns upwards through about 90°. There is an egg-shaped, tapered yellow to yellowish green callus with a dark green base in the centre of the labellum and extending slightly past the bend. Flowering occurs between late September and late October.
Taxonomy and naming
Prasophyllum pilligaense was first formally described in 2018 by David Jones and Lachlan Copeland from a specimen collected at Rocky Glen near Coonabarabran and the description was published in Australian Orchid Review. The specific epithet (pilligaense) refers to the Pilliga forest to which this species is confined.
Distribution and habitat
This leek orchid has been found in five populations in the Coonabarabran district, growing with scattered shrubs in woodland.
References
pilligaense
Orchids of New South Wales
Endemic orchids of Australia
Plants described in 2018
Punceres is one of the 13 municipalities of the state of Monagas, Venezuela. The municipality's capital is Quiriquire.
Geography
Punceres is located to the north of Monagas State. Presents a vegetation of dry tropical forest and another of humid tropical forest, has an annual average temperature of 26.4 ° C and rainfall of 1,935 mm (annual average).
Government
Mayors
Jesus Mata. (2008—2013) PSUV.
Magalys Villalba. (2013—2017) PSUV.
Municipalities of Monagas
Pyewipe Junction engine shed was a motive power depot operated by the Great Eastern Railway (GER) located in Lincolnshire, England.
The depot was one of the GER's outposts and was located on the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Railway (GNGEJR) a few miles west of Lincoln railway station. This map of Lincoln's railways shows Pyewipe Junction in the top left hand corner. It is also the junction for the "avoiding line" towards Newark and Nottingham, which in 2013 is still generally used by freight services or trains diverted by engineering works on the East Coast Main Line which do not call at Lincoln station.
Opening
The Great Eastern and Great Northern operated a joint railway line (the GNGEJR) linking the Yorkshire coalfields to East Anglia and London. Largely a freight railway, it is known that the GER ran trains to York railway station, although they eventually came to an arrangement with the North Eastern Railway (NER), where the GER locomotive was replaced at Lincoln by a NER locomotive. The GER engine would have then proceeded to Pyewipe Junction engine shed for coaling and watering.
The GNGEJR reached Pyewipe Junction in 1882, where some sidings were established. By 1886 some locomotive sidings and a water column had been installed and in 1897 the LD&ECR was opened, which gave the GER running powers over that line as well. Mention of an engine shed at the junction appears in GER minutes in 1899 but nothing appeared to have been built until 1907 or 1908.
The four-track shed was about 150 feet long and 50 feet wide. It was located north of the running line and south of the Foss Dyke Navigation. By 1912 an additional siding was added. In 1914 50 men were recorded as working at the shed. During World War I the increased need for coal saw traffic on the GNGEJR rise, and the sidings and engine shed at Pyewipe Junction were extremely busy. Locomotive coaling was undertaken by hand and although a turntable is evident on plans of the site, it is not known whether it was installed when the shed opened.
Grouping
The GER became part of the London & North Eastern Railway (LNER) in 1923. This was the death knell for the shed, as the LNER had a former GNR shed in Lincoln, and although the GER shed was more conveniently located for the sidings, Pyewipe Junction shed closed on 2 October 1924, with the men transferring to Lincoln ex-GNR shed.
However locomotives were still being dealt with at the site into the 1930s, and in 1939 a water softener was installed on the site (possibly in anticipation of traffic levels in the forthcoming conflict).
The turntable was recorded as still in use in 1947.
BR days
The site was still in use into the 1960s as this Trackplan of Pyewipe Junction area in the 1960s shows. At this stage the turntable and ash pit were still evident as was the 1939 water softening plant.
Pyewipe West was used for crew and locomotive changes and for watering at least until 1963 by Grimsby to Whitland express fish trains and at least until 1962 by Summer weekend holiday traffic to Cleethorpes, Mablethorpe, Skegness and Yarmouth Vauxhall. The trains used the LD&ECR route via Pyewipe Junction. The fish train and most of the Lincolnshire Coast trains turned south off the LD&ECR at Clipstone East Junction to travel via Mansfield Central. The Yarmouth train and a few Lincolnshire Coast trains turned north at Langwith Junction to travel via Clowne South and Killamarsh South Junction, then to Sheffield Victoria or on to Manchester Central. The Summer holiday specials lasted until September 1964, so it is likely that the facilities at Pyewipe were used until then at least.
Other through traffic used the LD&ECR route, Walker shows an example of a steel train for South Wales and the "Boaty" - the Liverpool Central-Harwich Parkeston Quay Boat Train - was sometimes diverted via the LD&EC route.
It is unclear when the site fell out of use, but a number of factors suggest the 1960s:
Summer holiday specials ended in 1964
the Great Central Main Line closed as a through route in 1966, ending any possibility of through trains such as the Whitland Fish
the rundown of steam reduced the need for loco changes and watering stops
the rundown of freight traffic reduced the need for both direct trains and diversions.
The LD&ECR line west from Pyewipe remained in use until a derailment at Clifton-on-Trent on 21 February 1980 led to the immediate closure of the line from High Marnham Power Station through the station to Pyewipe Junction. These tracks were subsequently lifted.
From the site of Doddington and Harby onwards through the site of Skellingthorpe station almost to Pyewipe Junction the trackbed forms an off-road part of National Cycle Route 64.
The Quail Trackplans Map dated March 1988 show no sidings (freight or otherwise) at Pyewipe Junction.
Allocation
During the First World War, six R-O-D 2-8-0 locomotives were allocated to the shed for work on the GNGEJR.
The allocation on 1 January 1923 (the first day of the LNER) was as follows.
Total 12
It is likely that after Grouping Great Central Railway locomotives may have also used the facility. There was a small 2-road GC shed located at Pyewipe sidings opened in 1897 but it is not known when this closed. It had coaling and watering facilities.
The site today
Study of the site using the aerial view on sites such as Bing suggest the site is largely overgrown by woodland (2012).
External links
Pyewipe Junction on navigable 1947 O. S. map
References
Sources
Further material
Railway depots in England
Great Eastern Railway
London and North Eastern Railway
Buildings and structures in Lincolnshire
Transport in Lincolnshire
Rail transport in Lincolnshire
Adrian Georg Iselin (January 17, 1818 – March 28, 1905) was a New York financier who invested in and developed real estate, railroads, and mining operations. For many years during his early business career he was engaged in importing with his brother, William Iselin, being one of the most successful merchants of New York in the middle of the century. After retiring from the importing trade, he established the banking house of Adrian Iselin & Co. He is considered the founder of the Iselin family in the United States.
Early life
Iselin was born in Scotland on January 17, 1818 while his parents were making a tour of the British Isles. He was fifth of eleven children born to Isaac Iselin (1783–1841), who was born in Basel, Switzerland and emigrated to the United States in 1801, and Aimee Jeanne (née Roulet) Iselin (1792–1873), a Swiss-French daughter of John Roulet.
In Switzerland, the Iselin family had been merchants, public officials, and military and professional men since the 14th century. Adrian's father Isaac, who began his career in New York at Gouverneur & Kemble and later at LeRoy, Bayard and McEvers, amassed a large fortune in the importing business which was passed down to him and his siblings.
Iselin was educated abroad in Switzerland. However, he is also shown to have been matriculated at one point at Columbia College with the class of 1837 but did not graduate, according to official documents.
Career
Iselin first joined the New York dry goods company of Messers, Cattenet, Barbey and Co., shortly thereafter going independent and in 1840 forming Moran & Iselin, an imported dry goods firm that expanded to become involved with banking. When Moran retired in 1854, Iselin reorganized and continued the banking arm of the business under A. Iselin and Co. at his office located at 36 Wall Street.
Iselin was one of the directors of the Sioux City and St. Paul Railroad Company in Minnesota. The town of Adrian, Minnesota, which developed after completion of the rail lines, was named after his mother, Mrs. Adrian Iselin. In 1881, Iselin formed the Pittsburgh and State Line Railroad after Rochester and State Line Railroad was put into receivership.
Iselin eventually became the chief investor in the Rochester and Pittsburgh Coal and Iron Company. At the outbreak of the Civil War, his firm was so strong that it helped to finance the United States Government. In 1885, the Rochester and Pittsburgh Coal and Iron Company constructed the world's longest string of coke ovens in Walston, Pennsylvania, with 475 ovens over a length of 2 km (1.25 miles). Their output reached 22,000 tons per month.
At his death, he left the management of his investments and companies to two of his sons, Adrian Jr. and Columbus. Adrian Jr., who joined the firm in 1868, was responsible for the expansion of the Company into Indiana County, Pennsylvania. Ernest Iselin, son of Adrian Jr., was director of the company from 1929 to 1934 and chairman of the board from 1936 to 1954. The firm was in existence until 1936 when it was merged with Dominick & Dominick, an investment and merchant banking firm that exists to this day.
Later life
An avid yachtsman, Adrian was drawn to the Long Island Sound shore community of New Rochelle, New York in 1858 as the site of his country estate All View. Over forty years he transformed the farms along the New Rochelle waterfront and Davenport Neck peninsula into extraordinary waterfront estates for each of his children.
When he retired from business in 1878, Iselin decided to focus much of his attention on improving conditions within his community of New Rochelle. Using the family's large expanses of farm land in the northern end of town, he constructed a reservoir system which became the area's first water company. He also established the first City Savings Bank and built a fully equipped "gymnasium" for the resident public to use. Adrian and his wife, and subsequently their daughters Miss Georgine and Mrs. Elenora (Delancey Kane) were major funders of Catholic causes, establishing Saint Gabriel's Roman Catholic Church and its parochial school, as well as New Rochelle Hospital. Sons Adrian, Jr., William E., Columbus O'Donnell, and Charles Oliver were all successful businessmen. Adrian and Columbus bought extensive property in the community and developed the Residence, Neptune, Homestead and Sycamore "residence park" neighborhoods.
Personal life
On December 11, 1845, married Eleanora O'Donnell (1821–1897), the daughter of General Columbus O'Donnell and his wife Eleanora (née Pascault) O'Donnell, in Baltimore, Maryland. Eleanora was related to John Carroll, the first Roman Catholic bishop in the United States and the founder of Georgetown University. Her father was at the head of one of the foremost families of that city, and was a leading financier of Maryland, being connected with the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad and other important corporations. Together, they were the parents of seven children, including:
Adrian Iselin Jr. (1846–1935), who married Louise Caylus (1862–1909) in 1872. After her death, he married Sarah Gracie King Bronson (1850–1931), the widow of Frederic Bronson in 1914.
William Emil Iselin (1848–1937), who married Alice Rogers Jones (1850–1932).
Eleanora Iselin (1849–1938), who married DeLancey Astor Kane (1848–1915), brother of Woodbury Kane and great-grandson of John Jacob Astor, in 1872.
Columbus O'Donnell Iselin (1851–1933), who married Edith Colford Jones (1854–1930).
Charles Oliver Iselin (1854–1932), who first married Fannie Garner (1861–1890). After her death, he married Edith Hope Goddard (1868–1970) in 1894.
Georgine Iselin (1857–1954), who was made a Papal Countess in 1912 and did not marry.
Emilie Eleanora Iselin (1860–1916), who married John George Beresford (1847–1925), a cousin of Lord Charles Beresford and grandson of Henry Beresford, 2nd Marquess of Waterford, in 1898.
Socially, Adrian Iselin and his family were among the wealthiest of New York high society. In New York City Iselin was a stockholder in the Metropolitan Opera House and Real Estate Company, along with other wealthy men that included Cornelius Vanderbilt and J.P. Morgan. Iselin was one of the incorporators of the American Museum of Natural History, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. For many years he was the Consul of the Swiss Republic in New York.
Iselin's wife died in 1897 and left her entire estate to him. He died at his residence in New York City, 23 East 26th Street, on March 28, 1905. His funeral service was held at his New York City home followed by a burial at Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx. According to his obituary in The New York Times, Iselin's wealth was estimated to be between $20 and $30 million. His estate was formally valued at $18,500,000 by the New York State Tax Appraiser later in 1905.
Descendants
Through his son Columbus, he was the great-grandfather of Columbus O'Donnell Iselin (1904-1971), the oceanographer who was the director of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution and a Professor of Physical Oceanography at Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Through his son Charles, he was the grandfather of Eleanora "Nora" Iselin (1881–1939), who married Count Ferdinand von Colloredo-Mansfeld (1878–1967), an attache of the Austrian Embassy at Rome and a nephew of Prince Colloredo-Mansfeld, in 1909.
Family legacy
The coal-mining town of Iselin, one of the many company towns in Indiana county founded by the Rochester and Pittsburgh Coal and Iron Company, was named after him. The Iselin family also controlled the Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh Railway Company, which transported coal from Pennsylvania to markets along the Great Lakes and Canada.
He and his family were responsible for the building a number of Catholic churches in his Coal Company towns including St. Adrian's in Adrian, Pennsylvania, as well as several hospitals, including the Adrian Hospital in Punxsutawney, and the Indiana Hospital in Indiana, Pennsylvania.
In the 1870s, Unionville, previously known at Perrytown was renamed Iselin after Adrian Georg Iselin.
The town of Adrian Mines, Pennsylvania was named after the family as well.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
1818 births
1905 deaths
Philanthropists from New York (state)
Businesspeople from New York City
Businesspeople from New Rochelle, New York
Scottish emigrants to the United States
Burials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx, New York)
19th-century American philanthropists
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Iselin family
19th-century American businesspeople
Novosti Nedeli (; , lit. News of the Week), sometimes shortened to Novosti, is an Israeli weekly newspaper geared at the Russian-speaking population of the country. Based in Tel Aviv, it is the oldest Russian-language weekly in Israel.
History
Novosti Nedeli started in 1989 by a group of olim from the Soviet Union. In 1990 it was purchased by a group of Israeli journalists, including Eli Azur.
The publication became a daily in 1990, and continued in this format until 2003. In 2008, it partnered with The Jerusalem Post, allowing it to translate some of the latter's articles in Russian.
Exposés
In 2001, Novosti Nedeli covered the issue of fraud against Russian-speaking olim, leading to a special parliamentary session on the matter.
Attachments
Multiple magazines have been attached to Novosti Nedeli, published by the same company. These include: Echo (), Luch () and Sekret ().
Controversies
In 2003, the publication was sued by the publisher of Ogoniok, a Russian magazine, for plagiarizing 19 of its articles. Novosti Nedeli was ordered to pay a fine in 2007, totaling over ILS 315,000. In 2007, Novosti was handed a similar lawsuit by Kommersant, this time for ILS 4.64 million, for copying 232 articles.
Notable journalists
Knesset members Nino Abesadze and Marina Solodkin worked for Novosti Nedeli. Russian-Israeli-American journalist also wrote for the newspaper.
See also
List of newspapers in Israel
Vesti (Israeli newspaper)
References
Ashkenazi Jewish culture in Tel Aviv
Russian-language newspapers published in Israel
Newspapers established in 1989
Mass media in Tel Aviv
Weekly newspapers published in Israel
Palesa Nomthandazo Phumelele Modiga, professionally known as Zoë Modiga is a South African singer and songwriter. Modiga first gained recognition as contestant on The Voice South Africa 2016.
Modiga's second studio album Inganekwane (2020), debuted number one globally.
Career
Palesa Nomthandazo Phumelele Modiga was born Overport, Durban and raised in Pietermaritzburg, KwaZulu-Natal, her musical interest began at the age of 10, singing for local music competition.
From 2013 to 2015, Modiga enrolled College of Music, University of Cape Town in Jazz performance studies. That same year, Modiga won South African Music Rights Organisation's (SAMRO) Overseas Scholarships Competition for Jazz. Following year, she contested on The Voice South Africa and made it to the Top 8.
Her debut studio album Yellow: The Novel was released in 2017. The album was nominated Best African Artist Album and Best Jazz Album at the South African Music Awards.
On June 26, 2020, her second studio album Inganekwane was released. The album debuted number one globally.
Modiga headlined to 14th Annual Mzansi Fela Festival, which was held in State Theatre, Guateng in December 2021.
Discography
Yellow: The Novel (2017)
Inganekwane (2020)
Awards and nominations
References
South African women singer-songwriters
Living people
21st-century South African women singers
Women jazz singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from KwaZulu-Natal
MFD may refer to:
Fire departments
Madison Fire Department, US
Minneapolis Fire Department, US
Milwaukee Fire Department, US
Mumbai Fire Brigade, India
Science, technology, and medicine
Macroscopic Fundamental Diagram, a type of fundamental diagram of traffic flow in transportation engineering
Microfarad, a unit of electrical capacitance sometimes written as "MFD"
Minimum focus distance, in macro photography
Mode field diameter, an expression of distribution of the irradiance, across the end face of a single-mode fiber
Modular function deployment, a method for product modularization
Multifunction display, an interactive system for presenting various information
Mutation Frequency Decline, a gene/gene product used in transcription-coupled repair
Computing
Multifunction device, an office all-in-one device (copier, printer, scanner)
Micro Floppy Disk, the 3½-inch floppy disk format; See History of the floppy disk
Mini Floppy Disk, the 5¼-inch floppy disk format; See History of the floppy disk
Hiring
m/f/d, an initialism welcoming "male, female and disabled (or diverse)" candidates.
Transportation
Mansfield Lahm Regional Airport (IATA airport code)
Minoan Flying Dolphins, a Greek ferry company
See also
Mladá fronta DNES (MF DNES), a daily newspaper in the Czech Republic
Punjab has a long history of education.
Primary and secondary education
The Indian government lays emphasis on the primary education up to the age of fourteen years, referred to as elementary education in India. It has been a fundamental right enlisted in the constitution of the country under Article 21-A up till the age of 14 years. The Indian government has also banned child labour in order to ensure that the children do not enter unsafe working conditions. However, both free education and the ban on child labour are difficult to enforce due to economic disparity and social conditions. 80% of all recognized schools at the elementary stage are government run or supported, making it the largest provider of education in the country.
However, due to a shortage of resources and lack of political will, this system suffers from massive gaps including high pupil to teacher ratios, shortage of infrastructure and poor levels of teacher training. Figures released by the Indian government in 2011 show that there were 5,816,673 elementary school teachers in India. As of March 2012 there were 2,127,000 secondary school teachers in India.
Education has also been made free for children for 6 to 14 years of age or up to class VIII under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act 2009.
There have been several efforts to enhance quality made by the government. The District Education Revitalization Programme (DERP) was launched in 1994 with an aim to universalize primary education in India by reforming and vitalizing the existing primary education system. 85% of the DERP was funded by the central government and the remaining 15 percent was funded by the states. The DERP, which had opened 160000 new schools including 84000 alternative education schools delivering alternative education to approximately 3.5 million children, was also supported by UNICEF and other international programmes.
This primary education scheme has also shown a high Gross Enrollment Ratio of 93–95% for the last three years in some states. Significant improvement in staffing and enrollment of girls has also been made as a part of this scheme. The current scheme for universalization of Education for All is the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan which is one of the largest education initiatives in the world. Enrollment has been enhanced, but the levels of quality remain low.
Secondary education
The National Policy on Education (NPE), 1986, has provided for environment awareness, science and technology education, and introduction of traditional elements such as Yoga into the Indian secondary school system. Secondary education covers children aged 14 to 18, 88.5 million children according to the Census, 2001.
A significant feature of India's secondary school system is the emphasis on inclusion of the disadvantaged sections of the society. Professionals from established institutes are often called to support in vocational training. Another feature of India's secondary school system is its emphasis on profession based vocational training to help students attain skills for finding a vocation of his/her choosing. A significant new feature has been the extension of SSA to secondary education in the form of the Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan.
A special Integrated Education for Disabled Children (IEDC) programme was started in 1974 with a focus on primary education. but which was converted into Inclusive Education at Secondary Stage Another notable special programme, the Kendriya Vidyalaya project, was started for the employees of the central government of India, who are distributed throughout the country. The government started the Kendriya Vidyalaya project in 1965 to provide uniform education in institutions following the same syllabus at the same pace regardless of the location to which the employee's family has been transferred.
Schools of Repute
Little Flower Convent School, Dhariwal
DAV Public School, Amritsar
Doon International School, Amritsar
DPS Ludhiana
Guru Teg Bahadur International School, Dhariwal
Indus World School, Ludhiana
Kundan Vidya Mandir Sen Sec. School, Ludhiana
Rayat International school, SBS Nagar
Patel Memorial National College, Rajpura
Ryan International School, Amritsar
Ryan International School, Ludhiana
Shivalik Public School, Mohali
Yadavindra Public School, Patiala
Yadavindra Public School, Mohali
The Punjab Public School, Nabha
St.Xavier's High School, Rampuraphul
Tertiary education
Punjab is served by many public institutes of higher education (listed below). All the major arts, humanities, science, engineering, law, medicine, veterinary science, and business courses are offered, leading to first degrees as well as postgraduate awards. Advanced research is conducted in all major areas of excellence. Punjab Agricultural University is one of the world's leading authorities in agriculture. It was instrumental and played vital role in Punjab's Green Revolution in the 1960s-70s.
Universities
Central
Central University of Punjab, Bathinda
State
Panjab University, Chandigarh (a Punjab State University)
Baba Farid University of Health Sciences, Faridkot
Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar
[
ar.com/news/20140723/1/627869.cms#627869}}</ref> Jalandhar
Maharaja Ranjit Singh Punjab Technical University, Bathinda
Punjabi University, Patiala
Punjabi University Regional Centre for IT and Management, Mohali
Punjabi University Guru Kashi Campus, Talwandi Sabo
Guru Ravidas Ayurved University, Hoshiarpur
Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University, Ludhiana
Sri Guru Teg Bahadur State University of Law, Taran Taran
Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law, Patiala
Jagat Guru Nanak Dev Punjab State Open University
Private
Adesh University, Bathinda
Thapar University
Apeejay Institute of Management
Sri Guru Granth Sahib World University, Fatehgarh Sahib
GGS College of Modern Technology, Kharar
Indian School of Business, Ajitgarh
Guru Kashi University, Talwandi Sabo
DAV University, Jalandhar
GNA University, Phagwara
Sant Baba Bhag Singh University, Jalandhar
Akal University
Deemed
Sant Longowal Institute of Engineering and Technology, Longowal(Deemed)
Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology, Patiala(Deemed)
Autonomous colleges in Punjab
Many colleges of Punjab have been granted autonomous status by UGC.
Khalsa College, Amritsar
Mata Gujri College, Fatehgarh Sahib
S.G.G.S. Khalsa College, Mahilpur (Hoshiarpur district)
Amritsar College of Engineering & Technology
Beant College of Engineering and Technology Gurdaspur
Shaheed Bhagat Singh State Technical Campus, Ferozepur
Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College, Ludhiana
Reputed colleges (Technical /Professional)
Apeejay Institute of Management & Engineering Technical Campus, Jalandhar (Punjab)
Sikh Missionary College, Ludhiana
Desh Bhagat Group of Institutes, Gobindgarh, Moga, Muktsar under Desh Bhagat University
Indian Institute of Technology, Ropar
Indian Institute of Management Amritsar
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Mohali
Dr B R Ambedkar National Institute of Technology, Jalandhar
Global Institute of Management & Emerging Technologies, Amritsar
Institute of Nano Science and Technology (INST), Mohali
Giani Zail Singh Punjab Technical University Campus (Government Engineering College), Bathinda
Yadavindra College of Engineering, Punjabi University Guru Kashi Campus, Talwandi Sabo
Malout institute of Management & Technology, Malout ( Govt. of Punjab)
Bhutta College of Engineering & Technology, Ludhiana
Malwa College of Nursing
Baba Banda Singh Bahadur Engineering college,Fatehgarh Sahib
Sri Sukhmani Institute of Engineering & Technology, Dera Bassi(Mohali)
Other Institutes of Repute (General)
Aryabhatta group of institutions, Barnala
BBK DAV College for Women, Amritsar
BCM College of Education, Ludhiana
College of Engineering and Management, Kapurthala
Patel Memorial National College, Rajpura
Council of Computer Education Research and Training, Ludhiana
Desh Bhagat Group of Institutes, Gobindgarh, Moga, Muktsar under Desh Bhagat University
[Doraha college of Education, Doraha]
GHG Khalsa College of Education, GURUSAR Sudhar
Govt. Bikram College of Commerce, Patiala
Govt. College of Education, Sector 20 Chandigarh
Govt. Barjinder College, Faridkot
Desh Bhagat Pt. Chetan Dev Govt.College of Education, Faridkot
Malwa Group of Institutions
Khalsa College, Patiala
Kings Group of Institutions, Barnala,Punjab
Malwa College of Nursing, Kotkapura
Mohindra College, Patiala
PCTE Group of Institutes (including Punjab College of Technical Education), Ludhiana
Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh
Regional Centre Punjabi University, Bathinda
SGGS Khalsa College Sector 26 Chandigarh
State College of Education, Patiala
Swami Sarvanand Giri Panjab University Regional Centre, Hoshiarpur
Medical Colleges
As of 2015, there are more than 920 MBBS and 1,070 BDS seats across Punjab.
Government Medical Colleges
Government Medical College, Amritsar
Guru Gobind Singh Medical College, Faridkot
Government Medical College, Patiala
Dr. B.R. Ambedkar State Institute of Medical Sciences, Mohali
Private Medical Colleges
Gian Sagar Medical College & Hospital, Patiala
Sri Guru Ram Das Institute of Medical Sciences & Research, Sri Amritsar
Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences, Jalandhar
Christian Medical College, Ludhiana
Dayanand Medical College & Hospital, Ludhiana
Adesh Institute of Medical Sciences & Research, Bathinda
Chintpurni Medical College, Gurdaspur
Desh Bhagat School of Medical Sciences, Mandi Gobindgarh Desh Bhagat University
Notable people
The former Prime Minister of India, Dr Manmohan Singh was educated at Panjab University, Chandigarh and Oxford and Cambridge in UK.
Professor Har Gobind Khorana, famous Nobel laureate & biotechnologist was educated at Panjab University.
Sushma Swaraj Leader of BJP is an alumnus of Panjab University Chandigarh
IAS officer of 1989-batch, Iqbal Singh Chahal is the current BMC commissioner is an alumnus of Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology Patiala
Subodh Kumar Jaiswal, the current CBI director from May 2021, is an MBA postgraduate from University Business School, Panjab University Chandigarh
References
This is a list of women photographers who were born in Spain or whose works are closely associated with that country.
A
Laia Abril (born 1986), photographer, multiplatform storyteller
Pilar Albarracín (born 1968), multidisciplinary artist, photographer
Eulalia Abaitua Allende-Salazar (1853–1943), early Basque photographer
Ana Arce (born 1964), photographer, curler
Pilar Aymerich i Puig (born 1943), Catalan photographer, photojournalist
C
Colita (born 1940), photographer specializing in dance and portraits
Irene Cruz (born 1987), photographer and video artist
G
Cristina García Rodero (born 1949), documentary photographer
Carlota Guerrero (born 1989), artist, photographer and filmmaker
L
Ouka Leele (born 1957), photographer, poet
Amalia López Cabrera (1837–after 1866), pioneering professional photographer
M
Inka Martí (born 1964), journalist, editor, writer, and photographer
Cristina Martín Lara (born 1972), photographer, based in Berlin
Cristina de Middel (born 1975), documentary photographer, artist, based in London
Isabel Muñoz (born 1951), photographer, producing black-and-white photos of people such as bull-fighters, dancers or warriors
N
Anaïs Napoleón (c.1827–c.1916), early French-born photographer producing daguerreotypes in Spain
Nath-Sakura (born 1973), transgender Catalan reporter, photographer
O
Cristina Otero (born 1995), photographer, artist, specializing in self-portraits
P
Josefa Pla Marco (died 1870), pioneering professional photographer
R
Lua Ribeira (born 1986), feminist photographer
S
Benedicta Sánchez (born 1935), photographer and actress
U
Amalia Ulman (born 1989), Argentine-born Spanish contemporary artist
See also
List of women photographers
-
Spanish women photographers, List of
Photographers, List of Spanish
Women photographers, List of Spanish
Saint Peter's and Saint John's Anglican Church is an historic building in Baddeck, Nova Scotia. The church is one of only four remaining churches designed by Reverend Simon Gibbons, Canada's first Inuit priest. Built in 1883, the church is the second of six churches built by Gibbons in Nova Scotia.
It is believed that Gibbons first came into contact with the Cambridge Camden Society while building Saint Peter's and Saint John's Anglican Church. St. Peter's and St. John's was designated a Provincially Registered Property under the Heritage Property Act in 1990 due to its connection to Gibbons and because it best exemplifies the style of the Cambridge Camden society which advocated a return to simple Medieval styles. Typical of neo-Gothic architecture, the wooden church features buttresses, pointed arch windows, and a round-headed window on the east elevation.
The church continues to hold masses to this day.
See also
Historic Buildings in Baddeck, Nova Scotia
History of Baddeck
References
Churches completed in 1883
Heritage sites in Nova Scotia
Buildings and structures in Victoria County, Nova Scotia
Anglican church buildings in Nova Scotia
19th-century Anglican church buildings in Canada
1883 establishments in Nova Scotia
Lisa Mosconi is an Italian American neuroscientist, educator, and author known for her books The XX Brain and Brain Food. She is the Director of the Women's Brain Initiative and Director of the Alzheimer's Prevention Clinic, both at Weill Cornell Medical College where she is an Associate Professor of Neuroscience in Neurology.
Early life and education
Mosconi was born in Italy and both of her parents are nuclear physicists. There is a history of Alzheimer's disease in her family which affected her grandmother and her grandmother's two sisters. She received a five-year university degree in Experimental Psychology and Ph.D. in Neuroscience and Nuclear Medicine from the University of Florence, in collaboration with New York University School of Medicine. She moved to the United States when she was 24.
Research
Her research focuses on the early detection of Alzheimer's disease in at-risk individuals, women in particular. This is the topic of her book The XX Brain where she explains that menopause is a neurological as well as hormonal process; she believes in reframing brain health as a vital, yet overlooked component of women's health. Her research has shown that women with a specific genetic risk factor for Alzheimer's disease developed amyloid plaques, linked to the disease, during perimenopause, a time earlier than previously thought. This research changes the treatment and intervention window for health care professionals trying to prevent Alzheimer's and chronic diseases that affect people in older age. She is funded partially via a five-year grant from the NIH to study Alzheimer's and women's brains. She is a member of the AARP brain health council and is on the Aspen Brain Institute Scientific Advisory Council.
Mosconi's TED Talk on how menopause affects the brain has been viewed over four million times. Her book The XX Brain was a New York Times bestseller. Her book Brain Food discusses which foods are more beneficial for brain health and looks at research which shows that a poor diet and a lack of hydration can be damaging to the brain especially as it gets older.
References
External links
Official website
The XX Brain official site
Living people
American neuroscientists
21st-century women scientists
American women neuroscientists
American women academics
21st-century American women
Alzheimer's disease researchers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Weill Medical College of Cornell University faculty
Albert Edwin "Jack" Dollin (1866 – 22 April 1955) was an English professional footballer who played for Southampton St. Mary's in 1892–93, making two appearances in FA Cup matches. He was Southampton's first player signed as a professional.
Football career
Dollin was born in Southampton and had started his football career with Freemantle. In the close season of 1892, he joined Southampton St. Mary's. At the time of his signing, the club made no announcement about his professional status and this was kept secret for several years, probably to avoid the club being ostracised by other clubs. Speaking in 1948, Dollin revealed that he had been "paid £1 a week and found a job".
Described as a "versatile" player who could be "unpredictable in front of goal", Dollin played at outside-left in the qualifying matches in the 1892–93 FA Cup, defeating Newbury 4–1 (with three goals from Bob Kiddle) before crashing out with a 4–0 defeat against Maidenhead on 29 October 1892.
In the Hampshire Senior Cup, Dollin scored in 2–0 wins over the Royal Engineers from Aldershot and a side from Portsmouth, helping the "Saints" to reach the final against Dollin's former side, Freemantle. In the final, Freemantle took an early lead before Dollin equalised. With the score 1–1 and only a few minutes left to play, a Freemantle forward, Horton, was about to score past Ralph Ruffell in the Saints' goal when he was tripped by William Stride. Although the Saints protested that the foul was outside the penalty area, the referee awarded a penalty to Freemantle, which was converted by Shirley Hawkins, thus preventing St. Mary's from claiming the trophy for the third consecutive year.
By the end of the season, Dollin had suffered injuries to both knees and decided to revert to amateur status and returned to Freemantle. He later joined Eastleigh Athletic for whom he played until the mid-1900s.
References
1866 births
1955 deaths
Footballers from Southampton
English footballers
Southampton F.C. players
Association football forwards
Freemantle F.C. players
Eastleigh Athletic F.C. players
Kicha is an Indian film director, who has directed Tamil films. After making his debut in 1996 with Nethaji, he has gone on to make other ventures including Thee and Maasi.
Career
He began his career with Nethaji (1996), before re-emerging in the 2000s with a series of low budget films. In the late 2000s, he made a series of police films including Thee with Sundar C, Bhavani with Sneha and Maasi with Arjun. He also went on to produce his first film which he did not direct, making Prasath's Eppadi Manasukkul Vanthai (2012).
Filmography
References
Living people
Tamil film directors
Film directors from Tamil Nadu
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Indian film directors
21st-century Indian film directors
Screenwriters from Tamil Nadu
Film producers from Tamil Nadu
Tamil screenwriters
Tamil film producers
Tallulah Falls School is a private boarding and day school located in the town of Tallulah Falls, Georgia, United States, within Habersham and Rabun Counties. The school is located on a wooded campus in northeast Georgia on the southern slopes of Cherokee Mountain at the foothills of the Appalachian chain. The school was founded in 1909 by Mary Ann Lipscomb of Athens.
The school is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In the fall of 2014, TFS opened its expanded and renovated Upper School academic building. On the same day as the dedication, school officials broke ground on a new gymnasium project on the middle school campus. The $4.5 million structure was slated for completion in the fall of 2016.
In the Summer of 2017, construction began on a natatorium complex featuring a competition-sized pool with bleacher seating for 240 people.
References
External links
Boarding schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Educational institutions established in 1909
Schools in Habersham County, Georgia
Private high schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
Private middle schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
1909 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Habersham County, Georgia
G.I. Stories was a series of 53 booklets published during World War II by the newspaper Stars and Stripes. The series covered the ground, air, and service forces in the European theater of operations.
Each booklet was designed to be small enough to fit in a uniform pocket or to mail home. Booklets were stamped "Passed by censor for mailing home." Inside the covers of most booklets was a page for soldiers to record their personal information, and a page for autographs.
The total pages in each booklet was 40, consisting of 20 double-sided pieces of paper folded in the center and stapled. The pages included 32 text pages, a front and rear cover, and a color centerfold with a map of the divisions route or a photo montage. Eight pages were color including the covers.
References
Stars and Stripes: U.S. Military Newspapers in the Library of Congress
Lone Sentry G.I. Stories Series
The G.I. Stories: A Check List, C.E. Dornbusch with introduction by Murray Boltinoff, New York Public Library, 1950.
Mass media of the military of the United States
Books about World War II
St Peter and St Paul is a Grade I listed Church of England parish church in East Harling, Norfolk. It is part of Harling United Benefice, a group of five churches that also includes, St Andrew, Brettenham, St Mary, Bridgham, St Ethelbert, Larling and St John the Evangelist, Rushford.
History
A church is record here in the Domesday Book, suggesting continued worship for a millennium. The core of the building, including various windows and doorways, as well as the brickwork of the spire, date from between 1300 and 1340. Sir Robert Herling, whose tomb features in the Lady Chapel, made an initial donation. His daughter, Lady Anne Herling, and her two husbands, William Chamberlain and Sir Robert Wingfield, continued the transformation of the church throughout the 15th century. Most of the building work was complete in the middle of the 15th century, the east window arrived in the latter half, and the tower's parapet and spire towards the end. This flèche spire inspired G.E. Street's for St Peter Mancroft in 1882. The Herling emblems, including unicorns, birds, baskets and a quiver of feathers, feature throughout the church. A major restoration in 1871, costing £1500, replaced the box-pews with the current pews, gave the chancel roof a simple scissorbeam design, and restored the main roof and spire.
Exterior
The buttressed walls are flint with ashlar dressings. The roof is lead, as is the spire which is itself supported by eight flying buttresses. The porch has knapped flint and stone flushwork panelling. The western tower features arched two-light belfry windows on each of its four sides.
The churchyard was bounded by a flint wall in 1829 and was extended to the north in 1928. Most of the headstones in the churchyard date from the 18th century onwards. The lychgate was taken in 1977 from West Harling Church to form a new entrance.
Interior
At the west end is the tower, with a spiral staircase of 73 steps to the ringer's gallery. This also contains the clock mechanism, which was made in 1826 for West Harling Hall, brought here in 1933, and restored in 2004.
The nave roof is a fine single hammerbeam design, steeply pitched to 45 feet (13.7 metres). Twenty angel corbels support the wallposts of this roof. The spandrels linking the hammerbeams and wallposts are delicately carved with different designs. A collar beam at the roof's east end once supported a pulley for the rowell light. The north aisle, at 20.5 feet (6.2 metres), is wider than south, which is only 12 feet (3.7 metres) wide. The aisles and nave are distinguished by tall arcades with quatrefoil piers forming five bays on each side.
In the centre of the west end of the nave is a large mediaeval octagonal stone font, with fine carvings and a dark wood cover that dates from the 1600s. Nearby are a stone holy water stoup and on the wall a medallion of Sir Thomas Lovell (died 1524), who was Chancellor of the Exchequer to Henry VII and Henry VIII and who built East Harling Manor. The medallion is a plaster replica of a bronze bust (in Westminster Abbey) by Pietro Torrigiano. Also in this area, at the back of the seating, are two sections of mediaeval screenwork. The panels came from the lower wall and gates of a rood screen, and were moved here in 1973. The woodwork, with green, red and gold, is intricately carved with Biblical scenes and the Herling unicorn.
A rare mediaeval church lectern was lost during the 19th century restoration. The current wooden lectern has the form of a large eagle and was donated in 1879 by Elizabeth Norton. The 19th century pulpit was originally from another church and moved here around 1982. The original box pew seating was replaced by pine benches in 1871. These have finely carved ends that reproduce the earlier designs.
Lady chapel
At the south east of the nave is the lady chapel, which also contains two tombs. This is separated from the nave by a parclose screen. The north facing section of this screen is 14th century, with three-light openings and faded red and green colouring. The west-facing canopied section was once part of a rood screen, and is red, green and gold, with a dark blue sky and gold stars. The Herling unicorn features, as do human faces, dragons and owls. Along the very top are a row of 25 small lion heads with their tongues out. The lady chapel contains four benches, an altar table and communion rail.
Chancel
In the chancel are two sets of misericord stalls: the north set has two seats and the south four. These date from the 15th century, with 19th century restoration. The seats, when tipped up, reveal a structure upon which one may partially support oneself during long prayers. The face of this structure bears coats of arms. Each armrest has the carving of a beast clinging to it. These are
South (east to west)
A hairy bearded man with sword and shield
A wyvern
An old lioness
An eagle
A unicorn
North (east to west)
A griffin
A pelican in her piety
A lion
The high altar at the eastern end of the chancel is flanked by two tombs. Parishioners lining up at the communion rail may examine the fine mediaeval stained glass in the east window. To the north of the chancel, is St Anne's Chapel and the Jesus Chapel. The latter once formed the ground floor of a two-storey sacristy and was formerly used as the parish schoolroom. This chapel for small services has its own communion rail, carved wooden altar and two chairs.
Organ
The organ was made by J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd in 1854 for St James' Church in Hatcham, London. When that church closed, the organ was moved here in 1982 and rebuilt. The small organ it replaced was transferred to Binham Priory church. The organ console and small set of pipes face south into the centre of the church while a larger set of pipes face west down the north aisle. The console, action and playing aids were refurbished and extended in 2012. It has 35 speaking stops across two manuals and pedals.
Bells
The church has a ring of eight bells (six until 1992).
Treble and 2nd bells. Cast by Mears & Stainbank of Whitechapel in 1908 for St John de Sepulchre, Norwich, and rehung here in 1992.
3rd and 4th bells. Cast by Thomas Gardiner of Norwich in 1746.
5th bell. Cast by Christopher Grave of Haddenham, near Ely.
6th bell. Cast by John Darbie of Ipswich in 1677, and recast by Taylor's of Loughborough in 1912.
7th bell. Cast by John Draper of Thetford in 1616, and also recast by Taylor's of Loughborough in 1912.
Tenor bell. Cast in Norwich around 1520. It weighs .
Tombs
The church contains five tombs or monuments featuring the Herling (also spelled Harling) and Lovell families.
The oldest tomb is of Sir Robert Herling (died 1435), and Lady Joan. The tomb chest is recessed in the south wall of the Lady Chapel. A Purbeck marble tomb-slab supports two alabaster figures: a knight and a lady. These figures are thought to be late 14th century, possibly from an earlier tomb for parents or grandparents. Overhead is an elaborate canopy with fine stone carving, including coat of arms.
The Easter Sepulchre forms a hagioscope or squint between the chancel and St Anne's Chapel. It also serves as the tomb of Lady Anne Herling (died 1498), daughter of Sir Robert Herling, and her first husband, Sir William Chamberlain (died 1462). Sir William also appears in the bottom right of the Eastern Window. Atop the Easter Sepulchre in the chancel-side is Sir William Chamberlain's coat of arms. Anne's coat of arms features on the top of the chapel side.
At the north of the chancel is the tomb of Sir Francis Lovell (died 1550) and Dame Ann (died 1551). Sir Francis was nephew and heir of Sir Thomas Lovell (died 1524). Three coats of arms feature at the top and on the face of the tomb-chest. A morion helmet hangs on the wall above this tomb.
In matching style, at the south of the chancel is the tomb of the son of Sir Francis, another Sir Thomas Lovell (died 1557) and Dame Elizabeth (died 1591). Again three coats of arms feature at the top and on the face of the tomb-chest. A bascinet helmet hangs on the wall above this tomb.
In the Lady Chapel, is the elaborate tomb of yet another Sir Thomas Lovell (died 1604) and Dame Alice (died 1602). Painted and gilded effigies lie atop the tomb-chest, their hands clasped in prayer. Sir Thomas's head rests on his helmet, which is identical to a helmet that hangs on the wall above the tomb, and at his feet is a peacock's feathers. Alice's head lies on a cushion and at her feet is a Saracen's scalp, held up by a pair of arms. The canopy is supported by three Corinthian columns and topped with three black obelisks. Many coats of arms feature in the canopy and face of the tomb-chest.
East window
The mediaeval stained glass east window dates largely from the middle fifteenth century, with the top lights containing foliage patterns from the nineteenth century. Twenty main panels in total with 16 depicting scenes from the Joyful, Sorrowful and Glorious Mysteries of Mary, two contain fragments, and two depict donors.
The windows panels have twice been removed from the church. First, to East Harling Hall in the 1640s, possibly to avoid being destroyed by the Puritans. Second, for protection during World War II. Some elements have been incorporated from windows previously elsewhere in the church: the two angels in the upper centre and the red squirrel in the very top left. The red squirrel is from the arms of the Lovell family and appears in many locations in the church (and in the Holbein painting of Anne Lovell Portrait of a Lady with a Squirrel and a Starling).
References
Norfolk Churches: East Harling.
Norfolk Stained Glass: East Harling.
Historic England: Church of St. Peter and St. Paul
The Church of St Peter & St Paul, East Harling, Norfolk. 2012. Roy Tricker. Postprint, East Harling.
Church of England church buildings in Norwich
15th-century church buildings in England
Grade I listed buildings in Norfolk
Adam Bloom (born 8 December 1970) is a British comedian and writer. He has played The Edinburgh Festival for many years, once winning The Edinburgh Festival Polygram Punter Comedy Award. In 1998 he won The Time Out Comedy Award for Best Stand-Up. He appeared at The Melbourne International Comedy Festival 1999 and 2000, winning a Stella Artois award for the former appearance.
Radio and television appearances
Bloom was a guest on RMITV's The Loft Live Episode 12 of Season 8 13 April 2000 broadcast on Channel 31 Melbourne.
He has also appeared on Mock the Week, "Never Mind The Buzzcocks", Russell Howard's Good News and The Young Person's Guide To Becoming a Rockstar.
Bloom wrote and starred in the BBC Radio 4 show The Problem with Adam Bloom which ran for three series (2003–2005).
In 1999 Channel 4 commissioned 'Beyond a Joke', Bloom's own half-hour special, a mockumentary about a comedian's life off-stage.
Notable works
MP3 Recording
Stand Up Great Britain
Adam Bloom Live
Adam performed at the ‘Just For Laughs' comedy festival in Montreal in 1998, 2001, 2005 & 2013, recording TV galas in 2001 & 2005 which were broadcast in several counties around The World. He was also part of the ‘2004 Just Laughs Tour' performing to 42,000 people in 17 cities across Canada.
In 2011 Adam provided additional material for The Antics Roadshow, a 48-minute TV documentary directed by Banksy.
On 11 September 2015 he performed at the comedy stage at Banksy's Dismaland, the art exhibition in Weston-Super-Mare.
In November 2019 he was asked to be the sole judge of Banksy's 'Gross Domestic Product' competition where Adam got to choose which of hundreds of thousands of entrants from over 200 countries won the chance to buy original Banksy art at affordable prices ranging from signed spray cans to the bullet-proof vest worn by Stormzy at Glastonbury Festival.
References
External links
Living people
English male comedians
1970 births
20th-century English comedians
21st-century English comedians
People from the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
The AIR Awards of 2007 is the second annual Australian Independent Record Labels Association Music Awards (generally known as the AIR Awards) and was an award ceremony at Toff of the Town, in Melbourne, Australia on 10 December 2007 to honour outstanding achievements in sales by Australian independent artists. Four genre categories were added the list of awards from the previous year and German liquor brand, Jägermeister were named as the sponsor of the event for the first time.
In 2015, Angus of Sneaky Sound System reflected on the night saying "We felt incredibly proud. Being an independent artist we'd put so much time, energy and money into the album so to receive these awards felt really very special. The AIR Awards mean a lot. Platinum awards and chart success and glowing reviews are wonderful of course, but it is just as gratifying to be recognised by your fellow independent artists for the quality of you recordings."
Performers
British India
Ben Winkleman
Urthboy
Blue King Brown
Nominees and winners
AIR Awards
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface; other final nominees are listed alphabetically.
See also
Music of Australia
References
2007 in Australian music
2007 music awards
AIR Awards
Želite li da postanete milioner? (, Do you want to become a millionaire?) is a Serbian game show based on the original British format of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?. The show is hosted by Ivan Zeljković.
The main goal of the game is to win 5 million Serbian dinars (earlier – 3 million dinars) by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There are four lifelines – fifty fifty (pola-pola), phone a friend (pozovi prijatelja), ask the audience (pitajte publiku) and switch the question (zamena pitanja, since 2007, this lifeline is unlocked when player wins 5,000 dinars). From 2010 to 2011 when show move to Prva Srpska Televizija fourth lifeline switch the question (zamena pitanja) was replaced to ask one of the audience (glas naroda, there contestant ask 3 people from audience for answer; this lifeline is unlocked when player wins 5,000 dinars).
Želite li da postanete milioner? is broadcast from 2002 to 2011. From 2002 to 2006 it was shown on RTV BK Telecom, from 2007 to 2009 on B92, and from 2010 to 2011 on Prva Srpska Televizija. From 2002 to 2006 the biggest prize was 3 million dinars, but from 2007 to 2011 it is 5 million. When a contestant gets the fifth question correct, he leaves with at least 5,000 dinars (earlier 3,000). When a contestant gets the tenth question correct, he leaves with at least 150,000 dinars (earlier 96,000).
The biggest prize ever won on this show (2,500,000 dinars) was won by Agošton Legvari from Bačko Gradište and Saša Tomić from Požarevac.
The game's prizes
References
External links
Official site
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
Serbian game shows
2002 Serbian television series debuts
2011 Serbian television series endings
id:Super Milyarder 3 Milyar
sr:Желите ли да постанете милионер?
Opisthotropis rugosa, the Sumatran stream snake, is a species of natricine snake found on Sumatra in Indonesia.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 1890
Reptiles of Indonesia
Taxa named by Theodorus Willem van Lidth de Jeude
Palo Alto County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,996. The county seat is Emmetsburg. It is named after the Battle of Palo Alto, the first major battle of the Mexican–American War.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.0%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 18
Iowa Highway 4
Iowa Highway 15
Adjacent counties
Emmet County (north)
Kossuth County (east)
Pocahontas County (south)
Clay County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 8,996 in the county, with a population density of . 96.59% of the population reported being of one race. 91.05% were non-Hispanic White, 0.58% were Black, 3.05% were Hispanic, 0.26% were Native American, 0.43% were Asian, 0.07% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.57% were some other race or more than one race. There were 4,516 housing units, of which 3,831 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 9,421 in the county, with a population density of . There were 4,628 housing units, of which 3,994 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,147 people, 4,119 households, and 2,673 families residing in the county. The population density was 18 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 4,631 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.62% White, 0.09% Black or African American, 0.19% Native American, 0.31% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.19% from other races, and 0.57% from two or more races. 0.76% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,119 households, out of which 28.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.30% were married couples living together, 5.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.10% were non-families. 30.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.00% under the age of 18, 9.50% from 18 to 24, 23.20% from 25 to 44, 21.90% from 45 to 64, and 21.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 94.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,409, and the median income for a family was $41,808. Males had a median income of $28,344 versus $19,655 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,733. About 6.60% of families and 10.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.20% of those under age 18 and 9.10% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Ayrshire
Curlew
Cylinder
Emmetsburg
Graettinger
Mallard
Rodman
Ruthven
West Bend (partially)
Townships
Booth
Ellington
Emmetsburg
Fairfield
Fern Valley
Freedom
Great Oak
Highland
Independence
Lost Island
Nevada
Rush Lake
Silver Lake
Vernon
Walnut
West Bend
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Palo Alto County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Palo Alto County, Iowa
References
External links
Palo Alto County Economic Development
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
The 1979–80 Marquette Warriors men's basketball team represented the Marquette University in the 1979–80 season. The Warriors finished the regular season with a record of 17–8. The Warriors would receive an at-large bid into the NCAA Tournament where they would fall in the first round to Villanova.
Roster
Schedule
Team players drafted into the NBA
References
Marquette
Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball seasons
Marquette
Marquette
Marquette
William Ecclestone (1873 – 1937) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half.
References
1873 births
1937 deaths
Footballers from Preston, Lancashire
English footballers
Association football wing halves
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Kettering Town F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Barrow A.F.C. players
Lancaster F.C. players
Clitheroe F.C. players
English Football League players
One Life is the third English-language studio album and eighth overall album by Greek-Swedish singer Helena Paparizou. It was released on 26 March 2014 through Lionheart Music Group and Universal Music. Its twelve tracks are a mix of new songs and English-language versions of songs from Paparizou's Greek-language album Ti Ora Tha Vgoume (2013). On 15 April 2014 the album was released through EMI Music in Greece.
Recording and production
In 2013, Clavicord studios posted some photos on Facebook showing Helena in the studio session with her Greek producer Giannis Doxas. After the summer period Helena Paparizou's forum revealed more details on this album. For example, some of the possible producers/songwriters are Jimmy Jansson, Fredrik Sonefors, Bobby Ljunggren, Micah Wilshire, Oscar Holter, Jakob “Jakke” Erixson, Kristofer Östergren, Gabriel Russel, Nalle Ahlstedt, Petri Somer, Nicole Fuentes, Pasi Siitonen, Risto Asikainen, her0ism and Nikos Antypas.
Release and promotion
The album was released on 26 March 2014. It is being administered by Universal International Music, a Netherlands-based office of Universal Music Group, per Paparizou's latest multi-territory deal. As a result, the album carries the "Universal Music" logo and Swedish label which is Lionheart Music Group.
On 29 May, Paparizou released the lead single of the album, "Save Me (This Is An SOS)" which was promoted in various Swedish events and TV shows. In September, Paparizou sang a sample from a new song titled "Just One More Night" the English version of her Greek song "Den Tha Kimithis Apopse", at the MAD North Stage Festival by TIF Helexpo, in Thessaloniki. On 15 April 2014 the album was released through Minos - EMI in Greece.
Singles
"Save Me (This Is An SOS)"
"Save Me (This Is An SOS)" was released as the lead single at radio stations in both Greece and Sweden on 29 May. Music blog Idolator gave a positive review, saying the production shares similarities with hit songs by the likes of Shakira and Jennifer Lopez. Paparizou performed a mashup of "Save Me" and "Freed From Desire" by Gala at the annual Mad Video Music Awards. The song, along with the greek version "Sou Stelno SOS" peaked at #5 at the greek international airplay chart, and at #13 at the official combined airplay chart.
"Survivor"
"Survivor" is the second single released from the album. It was Paparizou's entry in Sweden's Melodifestivalen 2014, which placed 4th in the final on March 8th. The track was released on iTunes and Spotify on 22 February and was later certified Gold.
"Don't Hold Back On Love"
"Don't Hold Back On Love" is the third official and final single from the album. Paparizou performed that song for the first time at the semi final of The Voice of Greece. The music video was released in July 30, directed by Alexandros Grammatopoulos.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Official site
Elena on iTunes
Listen "Ti Ora Tha Vgoume?"
2014 albums
Helena Paparizou albums
Hofmann Spur () is an ice-covered spur between Allison Glacier and Dale Glacier on the west side of the Royal Society Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named after David J. Hofmann of the University of Wyoming and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, who has conducted upper atmospheric research through high-altitude ballooning in Antarctica for over 15 years, contributing greatly to the understanding of the ozone hole.
References
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
John David Dingell Sr. (February 2, 1894 – September 19, 1955) was an American politician who represented Michigan's 15th congressional district from 1933 to 1955. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the father of the longest-serving member of Congress, former U.S. Representative John Dingell.
Early life
Dingell was born in Detroit, Michigan, the son of Marie Ciesielski Opalewska and Joseph A. Dzięglewicz, who were Polish immigrants from Bączal Górny. The family's surname ended up being anglicized to 'Dingell'. A graduate of St. Casimir's Parochial School in Detroit, he worked as a newsboy, printer and newspaperman. He had also engaged in the construction of natural gas pipelines, was a wholesale dealer in beef and pork products and an organizer and trustee of Colorado Springs Labor College.
Dingell married Grace Blossom Bigler (1894–1962) and had four children: John Jr., Patricia Ann, James, and Julè. Patricia Ann, known as Patsy, died shortly after her first birthday. Dingell settled his family in Detroit, where he worked as a printer at the Detroit Free Press, helping to organize a union. Dingell suffered from asthma and tuberculosis, which caused the family to briefly relocate to Colorado Springs to seek treatment there. There, John Jr. was born in 1926.
Political career
Dingell first ran for office in 1924 when he ran for a seat in the Colorado House of Representatives from El Paso County but was defeated.
Following the 1930 U.S. Census, Michigan gained four new seats in the U.S. House of Representatives. In 1932, Dingell was elected as a Democrat from the newly formed 15th District in western Detroit over former Mayor of Detroit Charles Bowles. He was reelected eleven times and served until his death at Walter Reed Army Hospital in Washington, D.C., at the age of 61. He is interred at the Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in Southfield, Michigan.
At the outset of his Congressional career, Dingell was a "New Deal stalwart." Reflecting the prevailing prejudices of the period, a memorable letter from Dingell to President Franklin D. Roosevelt on August 18, 1941, suggested that ten thousand Japanese-Hawaiian Americans be incarcerated in order to ensure "good behavior" from Japan. Following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, Dingell "demanded that [Admiral Husband] Kimmel and [General Walter] Short be court-martialed."
Legacy
After the September 19, 1955, death of the elder John Dingell, a special election called to fill the remainder of Dingell's term was won by his son, John Jr., who took his father's place in Congress on December 13, 1955. John Dingell Jr. retired from the House of Representatives as the longest-serving member of Congress in history at 59 years and 21 days and its longest serving Dean at 20 years on January 3, 2015, and his wife Debbie Dingell was elected to succeed him. As of 2021, the three Dingells had represented the southeastern Michigan area for 88 consecutive years.
A hallmark of their service has been a proposal for a national health insurance system, first introduced by John Sr. in 1933 and re-introduced since at every Congress by the father and then the son.
Dingell's grandson, Christopher D. Dingell, has also taken to politics, having been elected to the Michigan State Senate in 1986.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1950–99)
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
1894 births
1955 deaths
Politicians from Detroit
American politicians of Polish descent
People from Washington, D.C.
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Michigan
Dingell family
20th-century American politicians
James Edgar Claxton (December 14, 1892 in Wellington, British Columbia, Canada – March 3, 1970 in Tacoma, Washington, United States) was a black Canadian-American baseball pitcher, and the first black man to play organized white baseball in the twentieth century.
Early life and background
Jimmy Claxton was born on December 14, 1892 in Wellington, British Columbia to American parents. Claxton's parents were 32-year-old William Edgar Claxton, a miner from Lynchburg, Virginia, and 18-year-old Emma Richards from Illinois. Claxton's mother had turned 18 just 24 days before the wedding, which was January 14, 1892. The Claxtons moved to Tacoma, Washington when Jimmy was three months old.
The Claxton family was of a multiracial background, including people of black, Native American, French, Irish, and English ancestry. Jimmy and his siblings have been classified as white, black, and mulatto by various census-takers. Claxton's World War I draft registration card lists his race as Ethiopian. The minister officiating the marriage of Claxton's parents noted "The bridegroom is a coloured man; the bride a white woman" on the marriage record, which laid the groundwork for difficulties for Jimmy Claxton later.
Baseball career
Claxton began playing baseball at age thirteen, as a catcher for the town team of Roslyn, Washington. He later moved to pitcher. At age 18, he struck out eighteen players in a single game while pitching for a team from Chester, Washington.
By 1916, Claxton had made his way to the Oakland, California, where he played for an all-black team. In Oakland, he came the attention of the management of the Oakland Oaks of the Pacific Coast League. Claxton was introduced to the team owner by a part Native American friend as a fellow member of an Oklahoma tribe. At the time, African Americans were segregated in professional baseball, but Native Americans were allowed.
On May 28, 1916, Claxton broke the professional baseball color line when he played two games for the Oaks. Claxton pitched in two games of a doubleheader for a combined total of two and one third innings. He allowed three runs, four hits, and four walks. The Zee-Nut candy company produced a baseball card for Claxton, making him the first African American baseball player to appear on a baseball card. Within a week, a friend of Claxton revealed that he had both African American and Native American ancestors, and Claxton was promptly fired. In an interview with the Contra Costa Times in 1964, Claxton explained that no reason was given for his dismissal, but he believed it was due to his race. Oaks manager Rowdy Elliott claimed that Claxton was released because of his performance. It was nearly thirty years before another black man played organized white baseball.
After leaving the Oaks, Claxton played for Shasta Limited, an all-black semi-professional team based in northern California. While with the Shastas, he set a bush league record by striking out nineteen players in a single game. He won a state semi-professional championship while pitching with the Shastas.
Claxton played for many different teams in the negro leagues, including the Chicago Union Giants and the Cuban Stars.
In 1932, he pitched for both Pollock's Cuban Stars and the Washington Pilots of the East–West League.
He pitched his final game at age 63, during an old-timer's game in Tacoma, Washington.
Claxton died on March 3, 1970 in Tacoma.
See also
Jackie Robinson
William Clarence Matthews
References
Sources
Baseball by Ken Burns; New York: Alfred Knopf, 1994
Primary sources
1891 Canadian census.
Marriage records. Claxton and Richards. BC Archives.
External links
and Seamheads
The Baseball Biography Project
Jimmy Claxton. Mount Benson School History.
1892 births
1970 deaths
African-American baseball players
Black Canadian baseball players
Canadian expatriate baseball players in the United States
Jackie Robinson
Sportspeople from Nanaimo
Canadian people of African-American descent
Native American sportspeople
History of Black people in British Columbia
Baseball people from British Columbia
Washington Pilots players
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
Pollock's Cuban Stars players
The following Union Army units and commanders fought in the Battle of Franklin (1864) of the American Civil War. Order of battle compiled from the army organization during the campaign. The Confederate order of battle is shown separately.
Abbreviations used
Military rank
MG = Major General
BG = Brigadier General
Col = Colonel
Ltc = Lieutenant Colonel
Cpt = Captain
Bvt = Brevet
Other
k = killed
mw = mortally wounded
w = wounded
Army of the Ohio
MG John M. Schofield
IV Corps
MG David S. Stanley (w)
XXIII Corps
BG Jacob D. Cox
Cavalry Corps
MG James H. Wilson
Escort:
4th U.S. Cavalry: Lt Joseph Hedges
See also
U.S. War Department, The War of the Rebellion: a Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies, U.S. Government Printing Office, 1880–1901.
Notes
References
Battle of Franklin: Union order of battle (Civil War Trust)
American Civil War orders of battle
Notopleura madida is a species of flowering plant in the family Rubiaceae. It is endemic to Ecuador.
Palicoureeae
Endemic flora of Ecuador
Endangered plants
Harrytoombsia is an extinct genus of arthrodire placoderm from the Early Frasnian stage of the Late Devonian period. Fossils are found from Kimberley, Australia. It was a fast-swimming predator, and it had sharp blades of enamel-like material around the outer edge of the jaw for catching prey.
Phylogeny
Harrytoombsia is a member of the superfamily Incisoscutoidea, which belongs to the clade Coccosteomorphi, one of the two major clades within Eubrachythoraci. The cladogram below shows the phylogeny of Harrytoombsia:
References
Arthrodires
Fossil taxa described in 1979
Robin Mat(t)hews may refer to:
Robin Matthews (politician), United Kingdom leader of the European party Libertas
Robin Matthews (economist) (1927–2010), economist and chess problemist
Robin Matthews (cricketer) (born 1944), English cricketer
Robin Mathews (poet) (born 1931), Canadian poet, professor, and political activist
Robin Mathews (make-up artist)
Robin Matthews (Emmerdale), fictional character on ITV soap opera Emmerdale
Gan HaDarom (, lit. Garden of the South) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located on the coastal plain near Ashdod, it falls under the jurisdiction of Gederot Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The moshav was founded in 1953 by Jewish refugees from Iraq on Operation Ezra and Nehemiah.
Gan HaDarom was built the land of the Palestinian village of Isdud, which was depopulated in 1948.
The first settlers in Gan HaDarom lived in a ma'abara in neighboring Gan Yavne until the infrastructure was complete for permanent habitation. In 1957–58, twenty new houses were built, and 15 families who arrived from Poland moved into them.
Most residents of the modern moshav make their living by working in nearby cities Ashdod and Yavneh. The minority who work in agriculture mainly cultivate poultry, citrus, avocado, and other fruit and vegetables.
References
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1953
Iraqi-Jewish culture in Israel
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1953 establishments in Israel
The International Bar-B-Q Festival is an event held in Owensboro, Kentucky, every second weekend in May since 1979, except 2020 when it was cancelled. The festival provides an opportunity for sampling many varieties of barbecued meats, including chicken, mutton, and burgoo. Cooking teams compete for the Governor's Cup, awarded to the team judged to have the best barbecued cuisine. Other attractions include square dancing, musical performances, and arts and crafts. The Kentucky Department of Tourism recently (in 2006) projected an expected attendance of 85,000 for the festival.
The COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 caused the festival to go on hiatus until May 2021, when strict measures will be undertaken hereafter, such as social distancing and wearing masks.
See also
Cuisine of Kentucky
References
External links
International Bar-B-Q Festival Home Page
Commemorative Coca-Cola bottle for 20th anniversary of the festival
Pictures from the festival featured in Southern Living Magazine
Festival featured by the Travel Channel
Festivals established in 1979
Festivals in Kentucky
Owensboro, Kentucky
Barbecue
Tourist attractions in Daviess County, Kentucky
1979 establishments in Kentucky
Food and drink festivals in the United States
List of the protected natural heritage on the administrative territory of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.
Protected areas
Landscapes of outstanding features
Natural monuments
Protected habitats
Internationally important areas
Ecologically important areas
The surroundings of some protected area are declared ecologically important areas, a wider, super-areas which may comprise more, territorially disconnected, singular protected areas. Together, they all form the proclaimed ecological network of Serbia, and are based on some internationally declared important areas.
Internationally important ecological corridors
Future and former protected areas
Planned and proposed protected areas
Areas which have been surveyed for protection, are placed under the "preliminary protection". It means they are treated as being protected, until the protection is officially declared (in which case it continues), or rejected.
Former protected natural heritage
Notes
Notes:
References
Geography of Belgrade
Protected areas of Serbia
Chaplain (Major General) Cecil Roland Richardson, USAF (born c. 1947), retired as the 16th Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force, effective June 1, 2012, with an official retirement ceremony on May 30, 2012. He was appointed to that assignment on May 28, 2008.
Richardson, a member of the Assemblies of God, was the first Pentecostal minister to be promoted to flag officer rank in the U.S. Air Force. He has said that his role was to be "a pastor to Christians, and a chaplain to all."
Early military career
Before ordination, Richardson served in the Air Force as an enlisted man, working as a Russian interpreter and intercept operator.
Education
Richardson's educational background includes:
1973 Bachelor of Arts degree in Biblical studies, Evangel University, Springfield, Mo.
1976 Master of Divinity degree in Hebrew studies, Trinity Evangelical Divinity School, Deerfield, Ill.
1981 Squadron Officer School, by correspondence
1988 Air Command and Staff College, by correspondence
1992 Air War College, by seminar
Assignments
Richardson served as Deputy Air Force Chief of Chaplains from April 2004-May 2008, and began serving as Chief of Chaplains May 2008. Prior to these positions, his assignments included:
Enlisted assignments
June 1966 - May 1967, Russian language student, Syracuse University, N.Y.
June 1967 - August 1967, electronic intercept student, Goodfellow AFB, Texas
August 1967 - December 1968, Russian intercept operator, Karamursel Air Base, Turkey
January 1969 - January 1970, Russian interpreter, National Security Agency, Fort George G. Meade, Md.
Chaplain assignments
April 1977 - June 1980, Protestant chaplain, 314th Tactical Airlift Wing, Little Rock AFB, Ark.
June 1980 - July 1981, senior Protestant chaplain, 5073rd Air Base Group, Shemya AFB, Alaska
July 1981 - July 1983, Protestant chaplain, 1606th Air Base Wing, Kirtland AFB, N.M.
July 1983 - July 1984, Air Staff Training officer, Office of the Chief of Chaplains, Bolling AFB, D.C.
July 1984 - June 1986, senior Protestant chaplain, 410th Bombardment Wing, K.I. Sawyer AFB, Mich.
June 1986 - June 1988, installation staff chaplain, 7276th Air Base Group, Iraklion Air Station, Greece
June 1988 - July 1991, Chief, Education and Professional Development Division, Office of the Command Chaplain, Air Mobility Command, Scott AFB, Ill.
July 1991 - June 1993, senior chaplain, 62nd Airlift Wing, McChord AFB, Wash.
June 1993 - August 1995, assignments officer, Office of the Chief of Chaplains, Bolling AFB, D.C.
August 1995 - February 1997, Executive Director, Armed Forces Chaplains Board, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense, the Pentagon, Washington, D.C.
February 1997 - June 2000, Command Chaplain, U.S. Central Command, MacDill AFB, Fla.
July 2000 - June 2003, Command Chaplain, Air Combat Command, Langley AFB, Va.
July 2003 - April 2004, Director, USAF Chaplain Service Institute, Maxwell AFB, Ala.
Awards and military decorations
Among Richardson's numerous military awards and decorations are:
See also
Chiefs of Chaplains of the United States
Armed Forces Chaplains Board
References
Chiefs of Chaplains of the United States Air Force
United States Air Force generals
Living people
American Pentecostal pastors
Deputy Chiefs of Chaplains of the United States Air Force
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Party of Serbian Unity (; abbr. ССЈ, SSJ) was a nationalist political party in Serbia, founded by Željko Ražnatović "Arkan".
It is today known as the Council of Serbian Unity, restored after seceding from the Serbian Radical Party.
The key goals of the party were:
Unity of the Serbian people
Preserving the integrity and territory of Serbia
Parliamentarism and Democracy
Preservation of tradition, family and the Cyrillic script.
Following the assassination of Željko Ražnatović Arkan in 2000, Borislav Pelević became president of the party. At the last legislative election in 2003, the SSJ was a part of the For National Unity alliance, which failed to receive any seats. The SSJ merged into the Serbian Radical Party in 2007.
In 2013, the party was re-founded as the Council of Serbian Unity by Pelević. The new party took part in the 2014 parliamentary election as part of the Patriotic Front coalition, but failed to reach the threshold.
Electoral results
References
External links
Council of Serbian Unity official website
Defunct political parties in Serbia
Political parties established in 1993
Conservative parties in Serbia
Eastern Orthodox political parties
Far-right politics in Serbia
Nationalist parties in Serbia
Serb nationalist parties
Right-wing parties in Europe
Lithuanian partisans is a generic term used during World War II by Nazi officials and quoted in books by modern historians to describe Lithuanian anti-communist fighters, thus collaborators with the Nazis during the first months of the German occupation of Lithuania during World War II. A part of the Lithuanian partisans who fought against the Red Army during the June Uprising, were later organized into various auxiliary units by German Nazis. A minority of the units assisted and actively participated in mass executions of the Lithuanian Jews mostly in June–August 1941.
The term "Lithuanian partisans" might apply to several different and unrelated groups during 1941 and later:
A group led by Nazi agent Algirdas Klimaitis and active in Kaunas at the end of June 1941
Tautinio Darbo Apsaugos Batalionas (TDA) was formed in Kaunas as basis for independent Lithuanian army, but soon transformed into a Nazi auxiliary unit participating in executions of the Jews at the Seventh and Ninth Forts
Rollkommando Hamann and its Lithuanian auxiliaries from TDA, responsible for mass murders in the countryside
Lithuanian Police Battalions formed in Vilnius from 3,600 deserters from the 29th Lithuanian Territorial Corps of the Red Army
Ypatingasis būrys formed in Vilnius and participant in the Ponary massacre
References
1941 in Lithuania
The Holocaust in Lithuania
Lithuanian collaboration with Nazi Germany
Oru Muthassi Katha () is a 1988 Indian Malayalam-language drama film directed by Priyadarshan and written by Jagadeesh. The film stars Vineeth and Nirosha, supported by Thiagarajan with K. B. Ganesh Kumar , M. G. Soman, Innocent and Lizy playing other important roles.
Plot
The story is set in a fisherman village in the western coast of Kerala. The story revolves around the antagonist Chemparundu who is responsible for many murders in the village. Karthu, the daughter of Chemparundu falls for Chanthu, an orphan. As the story progresses, Unnikrishnan, a young man with mysterious intentions arrives at the village for fishing business.
Cast
Vineeth as Chanthu
Nirosha as Karthu
Thiagarajan as Chemparundu Machan
K. B. Ganesh Kumar as Unnikrishnan
M. G. Soman as Mayinkutty
Sukumaran as Rajasekharan
Jalaja as Parvathi
Innocent as Thampuran
Lizy as Thresia
Maniyanpilla Raju as Abdu
Jagadish as Thankappan
Jagathy Sreekumar as Chellayyan
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Uppooppa
Sukumari as Akkan
Kuthiravattam Pappu as Koyammedikka
Bobby Kottarakkara as Varghese
Jose as Bapputty
Santhosh as Karuppayyan
Jayalalita as Valli
V. K. Pavithran
Philomina as Unnili, Guest Appearance in Song "Nalla Muthassiyamma"
Soundtrack
The music has been provided by Ouseppachan for the lyrics written by Shibu Chakravarthy.
Trivia
This is one of the rare Malayalam films of Priyadarshan without his friend and actor Mohanlal.
filmmaker V. K. Pavithran appeared in a cameo for Oru Muthassi Katha
Malayalam scriptwriter and actor Sreenivasan dubbed for Thiagarajan
References
External links
1991 films
1990s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Priyadarshan
Films scored by Ouseppachan
Karl Höfer (10 April 1925 – 30 November 1990) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1959.
References
External links
1925 births
1990 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The chestnut seedeater (Sporophila cinnamomea) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay (where it can still be seen at the Quebrada de los Cuervos).
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
chestnut seedeater
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Uruguay
chestnut seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Serbian Radical Party (, SRS) is an ultranationalist political party in Serbia. It was founded in 1991, and its founder and current leader is Vojislav Šešelj.
The SRS was founded in 1991 as a merger of two minor right-wing parties whose leaders were Vojislav Šešelj and Tomislav Nikolić. They later became the President and Deputy President of the party respectively. During the first half of the 1990s, the SRS supported the ruling Socialist Party of Serbia regime, which had contributed greatly to the rise of SRS through the use of media. The party had strong support until the 2000 election, when they suffered a major defeat, but they would soon quickly rise up again to become one of the major parties. Šešelj led the party from its foundation in 1991 until his indictment in 2003, when he voluntarily surrendered to the ICTY to defend himself against charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity that he was alleged to have committed during the Croatian War of Independence and the Bosnian War. His deputy president Tomislav Nikolić assumed de facto leadership of the party until its split in 2008.
During the years of Nikolić's leadership, SRS became a moderate nationalist party, but because of disagreements with Šešelj, Nikolić took many of the high-ranking members of the party to form the Serbian Progressive Party (SNS), which would become the ruling party in 2012. After the split, Dragan Todorović assumed de facto leadership, and the party went into a major decline, only pulling 4% of the vote in 2012 and 2% in 2014, the first time that SRS was not represented in the parliament. Shortly after Šešelj's return to Serbia in 2014, the party gained back some of its popularity, officially returning to its far-right roots. The SRS placed third with 8% of the vote in the 2016 election. In late 2019, the party went into decline again, and in the 2020 election it ended up only with 2% of the vote and gaining no seats in the parliament again.
The SRS is positioned on the far-right on the political spectrum, supporting the creation of a Greater Serbia. It is Eurosceptic and Russophilic, was formerly considered anti-Western, and was described as "neofascist" in the 1990s due to its vocal support of ultranationalism. Regarding social issues, SRS is traditionalist, and has been described as right-wing populist. It also holds local branches in some of the neighboring states.
Ideology
The party's core ideology is based on Serbian nationalism and the goal of creating a Greater Serbia. The party is also strongly opposed to European integration (euroscepticism) and globalization, advocating closer ties with Russia instead. The SRS is extremely critical of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY), where Šešelj was incarcerated from 2003 to 2014. The party regards former general Ratko Mladić and former Republika Srpska president Radovan Karadžić as "Serbian heroes".
In 2007, the party advocated the use of military force to prevent the independence of Kosovo.
Due to Tomislav Nikolić's support for the accession of Serbia to the European Union conflicting with the party's original hardline policy, Nikolić was expelled in 2008. With his supporters breaking apart from the SRS, he founded the Serbian Progressive Party (SNS) which succeeded the SRS as the country's leading party.
History
Foundation
The Serbian Radical Party (SRS) was formed on 23 February 1991 by the merger of Vojislav Šešelj's Serbian Chetnik Movement (SČP) and the National Radical Party (NRS). The SČP had been formed in 1990, although it was denied official registration due to its overt identification with the historical Chetniks. Formation of the new party followed Šešelj's breakaway from the Serbian Renewal Movement (SPO) due to internal quarrels with Vuk Drašković; the SPO having been founded by the merger of Šešelj's former Serbian Freedom Movement and Drašković's faction from the Serbian National Renewal. Šešelj was chosen as the first president of the SRS while Tomislav Nikolić, a member of the NRS, became deputy president.
Rise under SPS
Led by Milošević, the Socialist Party (SPS) contributed greatly to the rise of the SRS through its use of the media. With the SRS allowed to promulgate its ultranationalist views on state television, the SPS could present itself as a comparatively moderate, yet still patriotic party. Šešelj promoted popular notions of an "international conspiracy against the Serbs," the foremost of which involved Germany, the Vatican, the CIA, Italy, Turkey, as well as the centrist Serbian political parties. Such conspiracy theories were also promoted by Milošević-controlled media. In 1991, Šešelj became a Member of Parliament as an independent candidate, and created a belligerent image by engaging in physical fights with opponents of the government.
The 22.6% of the vote won by the SRS in the 1992 parliamentary election confirmed the party's rapid rise and made it the second largest parliamentary party. Šešelj campaigned for the election on issues such as driving Albanians out of Kosovo to Albania, expelling Muslims from Sandžak, and forcing the Croats out of Vojvodina. Having helped engineer the party's election to parliament, the SPS formed an informal coalition with the SRS, and collaborated on ousting moderate politicians from public office.
Milošević breaks with SRS
By late 1993 the parties had turned against each other. Milošević saw it necessary to change his policies and distance himself from the SRS in order for his new peacemaking orientation to be taken seriously by the West, as well as to counter the effects of United Nations sanctions against the country. Many socialists also feared competition from the party based on its strong growth record. As discord erupted among the opposition including the SRS, Milošević called new elections in 1993. These cut SRS support almost in half, while the SPS increased its share of the vote from 28% to 38%. Although most people had grown tired of the wars, UN sanctions and the catastrophic economic situation, the SRS had also been subjected to powerful state propaganda and exclusion by the media. Following Milošević's agreement to the Dayton accords in 1995 to bring peace to Bosnia, Šešelj denounced Milošević as "the worst traitor in Serbian history", and likened the event to Serbia's greatest defeat since the Battle of Kosovo fought against the Ottoman Empire in 1389.
In 1995, Šešelj and the SRS joined in a technical coalition with the centrist Democratic Party (DS) and the conservative Democratic Party of Serbia (DSS). This gave Šešelj a degree of democratic legitimacy, although the coalition withered away by the end of the same year.
Kosovo war and Milošević's overthrow
When Šešelj beat the SPS candidate for the 1997 presidential election, despite the contest being declared invalid due to low turnout, he was again brought into the Serbian government. In 1998 the SRS and SPO entered the so-called "war" government, and as Deputy Prime Minister, Šešelj passed new information laws and helped launch propaganda offensives against Kosovo Albanians. U.S. officials in turn branded him a "fascist", while the U.S. Department of State declared that they would never deal with him. Following the 1999 NATO occupation of Kosovo, Šešelj resigned from government until his party was enticed to re-enter the administration by the SPS. As the party had held posts under Milošević's regime, it was excluded from the Democratic Opposition of Serbia (DOS), and suffered a major defeat in the 2000 parliamentary election when Milošević was ousted.
Indictment of Šešelj
During the Yugoslav Wars some SRS supporters including Šešelj were active in paramilitary units loyal to the federal government, serving as his "iron fist" during military campaigns. Milošević's regime at times supported Šešelj and provided him with arms, whilst at others it accused him of war crimes. The SRS was also provided with resources to establish paramilitary volunteer forces such as the White Eagles. As the SRS protested against Milošević's extradition to the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in 2001, Milošević urged his supporters to vote for the SRS rather than his own SPS. The ICTY also indicted Šešelj, who has been on trial since 2007 following his surrender in 2003. Deputy President Nikolić became the new de facto SRS leader and presented a more moderate face, with a new approach to international cooperation and a vision of Serbia acting as a "link between the West and the East."
Nikolić leadership
During the 2003 parliamentary election, the SRS condemned cooperation with the war crimes tribunal, corruption scandals in government, poor living standards, and slightly moderated its formerly aggressive rhetoric. While it won a clear plurality with 28% of the vote and 82 seats, the party was still viewed as a pariah by its democratic rivals and was thus left in opposition. In the 2007 parliamentary election it won 29% of the vote and 81 seats. The SRS caucus in parliament elected Nikolić as its president and Aleksandar Vučić vice-president. Nikolić was later chosen as parliamentary speaker, supported by the DSS amidst a deadlock in coalition talks. He stepped down just five days later, as the DS and DSS agreed to form a coalition government.
At the National Assembly's first session on 14 February 2007, politicians voted overwhelmingly to reject the proposal by UN Special Envoy Martti Ahtisaari on the preliminary resolution of the status of Kosovo. New elections were called in 2008 as the DS-DSS coalition collapsed due to EU recognition of Kosovo's declaration of independence. In the 2008 parliamentary election the SRS again won 29% of the vote, and 78 seats, leading to the formation of a DS-SPS-led government coalition. The party also won 17 seats in the Kosovska Mitrovica-based Community Assembly of Kosovo and Metohija consisting of Kosovan Serb municipalities who defied Kosovo's declaration of independence.
2008 split
After disagreements with Šešelj, on 8 September 2008, Nikolić formed the new parliamentary group Napred Srbijo! ("Forward Serbia!") along with a number of other SRS members. Šešelj responded with a letter on 11 September addressed to SRS members, in which he condemned the Nikolić group as "traitors" and "Western puppets", while calling on SRS members to remain loyal to the ideologies of "Serbian nationalism, anti-globalism, and Russophilia." Nikolić and his group were officially expelled from the SRS the next day, in response to which Nikolić announced that he would form his own party. On 14 September, SRS general secretary Aleksandar Vučić also resigned from the SRS. Nikolić and Vučić then launched the Serbian Progressive Party (SNS) on 21 October of the same year.
Following their departure, Dragan Todorović took over as the party's acting leader from Nikolić; however the office of deputy chairman was officially abolished. By April 2011 the SRS had about 7% of support in opinion polls, while the SNS and its coalition partners held about 40%. In the 2012 parliamentary election the Radical Party received only 4.63% of the popular vote, thus failing to cross the 5% threshold to enter parliament for the first time in the party's history.
Šešelj's return
With their leader back in Serbia in 2014, the party campaigned for the parliamentary election of 2016 aiming to restore its presence prior to 2008.
International relations
The Serbian Radical Party maintains ties with the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia and had ties with the French National Front party in the 1990s. The SRS also has minimal ties with the far-right Golden Dawn party in Greece, focusing on religious similarities, and the Forza Nuova party in Italy.
The party counted Iraq's Saddam Hussein and the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party as one of its political and financial backers until the 2003 invasion of Iraq, as the parties found common cause in defiance of the United States. Similar sentiment led the party to back Libya's Muammar Gaddafi following the 2011 military intervention in Libya by NATO. Serbia and Libya had maintained good relations since Gaddafi vocally opposed NATO intervention in Serbia in the 1990s, while he also backed Serbia's opposition to Kosovo's independence. The SRS has also expressed support for Syrian president Bashar al-Assad following the Syrian Civil War. Šešelj advocates for a neutral position on the Israel-Palestine conflict, balancing Serbia's strong relations with both countries.
On 9 March 2016 Šešelj and Zmago Jelinčič, president of the Slovenian National Party, signed an agreement with the intention of bringing their parties closer in terms of partnership and political alliance.
Presidents of the Serbian Radical Party
Acting leaders during the incarceration of Šešelj
Šešelj was incarcerated at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) from 2003 to 2014.
Ref:
Electoral results
Parliamentary elections
Acting leaders (2003–2014)
Years in government (1991– )
Presidential elections
Positions held
Major positions held by Serbian Radical Party members:
See also
Serbian nationalism
Greater Serbia
Party of Serb Radicals
Serbian Radical Party "9th January"
Serbian Radical Party of the Republika Srpska
References
Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Serbian Radical Party Official website
Facebook
Twitter
Conservative parties in Serbia
Eurosceptic parties in Serbia
Far-right political parties
Far-right politics in Serbia
Nationalist parties in Serbia
Political parties established in 1991
Serbian irredentism
Anti-Islam sentiment in Europe
Organizations that oppose LGBT rights
Right-wing populism in Serbia
1991 establishments in Serbia
Eastern Orthodoxy and far-right politics
Serb nationalist parties
Right-wing populist parties
Neo-fascism
In mathematics and theoretical computer science, entropy compression is an information theoretic method for proving that a random process terminates, originally used by Robin Moser to prove an algorithmic version of the Lovász local lemma.
Description
To use this method, one proves that the history of the given process can be recorded in an efficient way, such that the state of the process at any past time can be recovered from the current state and this record, and such that the amount of additional information that is recorded at each step of the process is (on average) less than the amount of new information randomly generated at each step. The resulting growing discrepancy in total information content can never exceed the fixed amount of information in the current state, from which it follows that the process must eventually terminate. This principle can be formalized and made rigorous using Kolmogorov complexity.
Example
An example given by both Fortnow and Tao concerns the Boolean satisfiability problem for Boolean formulas in conjunctive normal form, with uniform clause size. These problems can be parameterized by two numbers (k,t) where k is the number of variables per clause and t is the maximum number of different clauses that any variable can appear in. If the variables are assigned to be true or false randomly, then the event that a clause is unsatisfied happens with probability 2−k and each event is independent of all but r = k(t − 1) other events. It follows from the Lovász local lemma that, if t is small enough to make r < 2k/e (where e is the base of the natural logarithm) then a solution always exists. The following algorithm can be shown using entropy compression to find such a solution when r is smaller by a constant factor than this bound:
Choose a random truth assignment
While there exists an unsatisfied clause C, call a recursive subroutine fix with C as its argument. This subroutine chooses a new random truth assignment for the variables in C, and then recursively calls the same subroutine on all unsatisfied clauses (possibly including C itself) that share a variable with C.
This algorithm cannot terminate unless the input formula is satisfiable, so a proof that it terminates is also a proof that a solution exists. Each iteration of the outer loop reduces the number of unsatisfied clauses (it causes C to become satisfied without making any other clause become unsatisfied) so the key question is whether the fix subroutine terminates or whether it can get into an infinite recursion.
To answer this question, consider on the one hand the number of random bits generated in each iteration of the fix subroutine (k bits per clause) and on the other hand the number of bits needed to record the history of this algorithm in such a way that any past state can be generated. To record this history, we may store the current truth assignment (n bits), the sequence of initial arguments to the fix subroutine (m log m bits, where m is the number of clauses in the input), and then a sequence of records that either indicate that a recursive call to fix returned or that it in turn made another call to one of the r + 1 clauses (including C itself) that share a variable with C. There are r + 2 possible outcomes per record, so the number of bits needed to store a record is log r + O(1).
This information can be used to recover the sequence of clauses given as recursive arguments to fix. The truth assignments at each stage of this process can then be recovered (without having to record any additional information) by progressing backwards through this sequence of clauses, using the fact that each clause was previously unsatisfiable to infer the values of all of its variables prior to each fix call. Thus, after f calls to fix, the algorithm will have generated fk random bits but its entire history (including those generated bits) can be recovered from a record that uses only m log m + n + f log r + O(f) bits. It follows that, when r is small enough to make log r + O(1) < k, the fix subroutine can only perform O(m log m + n) recursive calls over the course of the whole algorithm.
History
The name "entropy compression" was given to this method in a blog posting by Terence Tao and has since been used for it by other researchers.
Moser's original version of the algorithmic Lovász local lemma, using this method, achieved weaker bounds than the original Lovász local lemma, which was originally formulated as an existence theorem without a constructive method for finding the object whose existence it proves. Later, Moser and Gábor Tardos used the same method to prove a version of the algorithmic Lovász local lemma that matches the bounds of the original lemma.
Since the discovery of the entropy compression method, it has also been used to achieve stronger bounds for some problems than would be given by the Lovász local lemma. For example, for the problem of acyclic edge coloring of graphs with maximum degree Δ, it was first shown using the local lemma that there always exists a coloring with 64Δ colors, and later using a stronger version of the local lemma this was improved to 9.62Δ. However, a more direct argument using entropy compression shows that there exists a coloring using only 4(Δ − 1) colors, and moreover this coloring can be found in randomized polynomial time.
References
Randomized algorithms
Analysis of algorithms
The Peleduy () is a river in Yakutia (Sakha Republic), Russia. It is the 22nd longest tributary of the Lena with a length of and a drainage basin area of .
The river flows across a largely desolate area. Tolon village is located by the river in its middle course and the settlement of Peleduy is located by the Peleduy at the confluence with the Lena. There is rock salt mining and wood processing in the basin of the river. At Peleduy there is a shipping yard for shipbuilding, maintenance and overhaul.
History
In 2006 the Talakan - Vitim oil pipeline burst in two places. About of oil spilled into the river, soiling a long stretch of the Peleduy with an oil film from the mouth of the stream running into Taloye lake, by the mouth in the Lena. The oil contamination penetrated to a depth of in the affected riverbank areas.
Course
The Peleduy is a left tributary of the Lena. It has its sources in the southwestern area of the Lena Plateau. The river flows in a roughly southeastern direction among large boulders within a fairly straight channel. In its middle reaches it bends northeastwards within a floodplain and not far south of the course of the Nyuya it bends southeastwards again. Finally it meets the left bank of the Lena by Peleduy village from its mouth.
Tributaries
The largest tributaries of the Peleduy are the Mulisma and Kodardakh from the right and the Delinda, Gadala, Kurchakh, Karam and Khoron from the left. The river freezes between October and May. Permafrost is prevalent in the river basin.
Flora and fauna
The vegetation of the Peleduy basin is mainly pine and larch taiga, with yearly snow cover between October and April in the area.
The main fish species in the river are dace, pike, roach, perch, ide, valyok, tugun, bream and grayling.
See also
List of rivers of Russia
References
External links
Beastly bacteria on extinct ancient carcasses offers 'cure' for modern oil pollution
Rivers of the Sakha Republic
The following is a list of the Podestà of Rovereto from 1417 until 1752, ordered by the dates of their assignments which are put in parentheses.
For about a century (from 1416 until 1509) Rovereto belonged to the Serenissima. The Palazzo Pretorio, or Palazzo Podestà, was the abode of the podestà. The palace is typically Venetian, and was built by Andrea Valier, Rovereto's first podestà, upon the Venetians' arrival in 1416. While the city was under Venetian sway for almost a century, today the Palazzo dei Podestà and the Castle are the only vestiges of Venetian rule. With the conclusion of the war against Venice conducted by the League of Cambrai and the Venetian defeat at the Battle of Agnadello, Rovereto was occupied by Imperial troops. Maximilian I confirmed the privileges and the statutes to the fedeli consoli e cittadini e alla comunità della città di Rovereto (loyal consuls and citizens and the community of Rovereto), thus confirming Rovereto's rank of city.
15th century
Andrea Valiero (1417–1424)
Francesco Basadonna (1424–1427)
Ermolao Zaccaria (1427–1432)
Paolo Foscolo (1432–1434)
Andrea Gussoni (1434–1435)
Leonardo Marcello (1435–1438)
Pietro Coppo (1438–1441)
Giacopo Dolfino (1441–1442)
Luca Caravello (1442–1444)
Giovanni Soranzo (1444–1447)
Andrea Calbo (1447–1450)
Andrea Molino (1450–1451)
Francesco Calbo (1451–1454)
Luca Pisani (1454–1457)
Matteo Memo (1457–1458)
Moisè Contarini (1458–1462)
Natal Cornaro (1462–1464)
Bartolomeo Pesaro (1464–1467)
Franscesco Nani (1467–1470)
Andrea Foscolo (1470–1473)
Alvise Quirini (1473–1476)
Pietro Veniero (1476–1478)
Gabriel Pizzamano (1478–1482)
Francesco Navagiero (1482–1485)
Andrea Michieli (1485–1486)
Nicolò Priuli (1486–1487)
Tommaso Duodo (1487–1489)
Paolo Malpiero (1489–1490)
Girolamo Marino (1490–1493)
Ettore Tagliapietra (1493–1494)
Girolamo Gritti (1494–1497)
Niccolò Pesaro (1497–1500)
16th century
Maffeo Micheli (1500–1502)
Girolamo Nani (1502–1504)
Gio: Franscesco Pisani (1504–1507)
Bartolomeo Dandolo (1507–1509)
Rovereto annexed to the Holy Roman Empire
Niccolò Franzini (1509)
Franscesco degli Agostini (1509–1511)
Gio: Antonio Dorigati di Tesino (1511–1513)
Gio: Paolo Schratemperg Trentino (1513–1516)
Carlo Manzoni Padovano (1516–1517)
Simon Buttalosso Trentino (1517–1518)
Gio: Andrea Scudelli Trentino (1518–1520)
Giulio Manzoni Padovano (1520–1522)
Antonio Gardellino Bassanese (1522–1525)
Gio: Andrea Scudelli Trentino (1525–1526)
Alessandro Ghelfo Trentino (1526–1529)
Tommaso Tabarelli da Terlago (1529–1532)
Girolamo Thonner (1532–1536)
Simon Guarienti da Rallo (1536–1537)
Pietro Alessandrini Trentino (1537–1539)
Gervasio Alberti Trentino (1539–1540)
Domenico Calvetto (1540–1541)
Antonio Schratemperg (1541–1543)
Gio: Giacopo Malanotte (1543–1544)
Francesco Scudelli (1544–1545)
Gio: Paolo Schratemperg (1545–1547)
Girolamo Grandi (1547–1548)
Francesco Aliprandi Mantovano (1548–1549)
Francesco Cazzuffi Trentino (1549–1551)
Francesco Queta Trentino (1551–1552)
Odorico Costeda Trentino (1552–1554)
Gerardo Berneri di Arco (1554–1555)
Alberto Alberti Trentino (1555–1558)
Bernardino Malanotte (1558–1560)
Paolo Tesino (1560–1561)
Graziadeo Rolandini (1561–1563)
Girolamo Pilati (1563–1565)
Agostino Argnocco (1565–1566)
Giambattista Calavino (1566–1569)
Girolamo Cajano (1569–1570)
Girolamo Pilati (1570–1572)
Antonio Queta Trentino (1572–1573)
Antonio Bianchi (1573–1575)
Girolamo Pilati (1575–1576)
Giorgio del Mestre di Gradisca (1576–1578)
Gio: Maria Zuppini di Gradisca (1578–1580)
Giulio Marini di Gradisca (1580–1582)
Lauro Basilio di Trieste (1582–1584)
Vincenzo Mainoldi Cremonese (1584–1586)
Orazio Mainoldi Cremonese (1586–1588)
Giorgio Savoni di Riva (1588–1590)
Alessandro Alberti Trentino (1590–1591)
Giorgio Savoni di Riva (1591–1593)
Cristoforo Campi di Cles (1593–1595)
Girolamo Pilati Trentino (1595–1597)
Antonio Leone di Gorizia (1597–1599)
Biagio Rith di Gradisca (1599–1601)
17th century
Carlo Rusca di Pergine (1601–1603)
Livio Pompeati Trentino (1603–1605)
Giulio Maggi Cremonese (1605–1607)
Pier Francesco Noceti Pontremolese (1607–1611)
Gio: Paolo Dodo Pontremolese (1611–1615)
Giambattista Codazzi di Lodi (1615–1617)
Felice Alberti di Pergine (1617–1619)
Andrea Pompeati Trentino (1619–1624)
Pietro Pilati Trentino (1624–1626)
Paolo Antonio Barboi Cremonese (1626–1629)
Enrico Andrea Applani Milanese (1629–1633)
Antonio Maria Novelli Pontremolese (1633–1637)
Lorenzo Torresani di Cles (1637–1639)
Gio. Antonio Odescalchi di Como (1639–1644)
Mainardo Trussi Cremonese (1644–1648)
Fulvio Gallo Pontremolese (1648–1652)
Francesco Andreasi Mantovano (1652–1653)
Giovanni Cataneo di Tortona (1653–1654)
Girolamo Aroldo di Casal Maggiore (1654–1659)
Simon Pietro Barbi di Cembra (1659–1664)
Stefao Maraffi Pontremolese (1664–1667)
Francesco Maria Noceti Pontremolese (1667–1670)
Carlo Spadazza di Fusignano (1670–1672)
Stefano Marachi Pontremolese (1672–1675)
Francesco Maraffi Pontremolese (1675–1681)
Zaccaria Serati Pontremolese (1681–1686)
Giovanni Mantegazza Milanese (1686–1688)
Zaccaria Serati Pontremolese (1688–1694)
Gio. Carlo Salvadori di Riva (1694–1698)
Francesco Tranquillini di Mori (1698–1701)
18th century
Gio. Carlo Medici Modanese (1701–1705)
Francesco Tranquillini di Mori (1705–1710)
Francesco Ettori Imolese (1710–1714)
Gio. Sebastiano Vespignani (1714–1719)
Gio. Carlo Salvadori di Riva (1719–1720)
Carlo Andrea Giovanni Mantovano (1720–1724)
Gio. Sebastiano Vespignani Imolese (1724–1729)
Giuseppe Finali Milanese (1729–1732)
Cesare Tommaso dalla Porta Milanese (1732–1738)
Antonio Loria Mantovano (1738–1745)
Domenico Antonio Nocker dal Borgo di val Sugana (1745–1752)
Felice Chiusole da Chiusole (1752)
References
Bibliography
Girolamo Tartarotti. Memorie antiche di Rovereto e de' luoghi circonvicini, raccolte, e pubblicate da Girolamo Tartarotti roveretano, 1754.
Mayors of places in Italy
Rovereto
Rovereto
Podestà
NGC 3301, also known as NGC 3760, is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Leo. Its apparent magnitude in the V-band is 11.1. It was first observed on March 12, 1784 by the astronomer William Herschel. It is a member of the Leo II Groups, a series of galaxies and galaxy clusters strung out from the right edge of the Virgo Supercluster.
References
External links
3301
Lenticular galaxies
Leo (constellation)
031497
Barmer tehsil is a tehsil in Barmer District of Rajasthan state in western India. The tehsil headquarters is the city of Barmer.
Demographics
In the 2001 census, Barmer tehsil had 286,922 inhabitants, with 154,590 males (53.9%) and 132,332 females (46.1%), for a gender ratio of 856 females per thousand males.
Villages
There are fifty panchayat villages in Barmer tehsil.
Notes
Tehsils of Barmer district
The 2014 Giro della Toscana Int. Femminile – Memorial Michela Fanini will be the 20th edition of the Giro della Toscana Int. Femminile – Memorial Michela Fanini, a women's cycling stage race in Italy. It was rated by the UCI as a category 2.2 race (having dropped down from 2.HC the year previously) and will be held between 12 and 14 September 2013.
Stages
Prologue
12 September 2014 – Campi Bisenzio to Campi Bisenzio,
Stage 1
13 September 2014 – Segromigno in Piano to Segromigno in Piano,
Stage 2
13 September 2013 – Lucca to Capannori,
Classification leadership
References
2014
Giro della Toscana
Giro della Toscana Int. Femminile
Una Maid en Manhattan is a Spanish-language American telenovela produced by Telemundo Studios. It is based on the 2002 film Maid in Manhattan, starring Jennifer Lopez and Ralph Fiennes.
Plot
Una Maid in Manhattan tells the story of Marisa Luján (Litzy), who runs a small hotel in a village in Michoacan. Before the events shown in the show, she falls in love with Victor, an American man who visits Michoacán every year for the Christmas holidays. She becomes pregnant with Victor's child. She leaves Victor, after finding out he cheated, and moves with her son Lalo, to NY where she works as a maid in Manhattan hotel. She meet her Prince Charming Christobal Parker, Whom she fell in love with and their love was unconditional. Even if their love was unconditional they had obstacles which they conquered together. Sara, childhood friend of Christobal, who lusts for him and will do anything to get Christobal's love, and she may be a problem.
Cast and characters
Main
Litzy as Merissa Luján
Eugenio Siller as Cristóbal Parker Salas
Vanessa Villela as Sara Montero
Jorge Eduardo García as Eduardo "Lalo" Mendoza Luján
Recurring
Shalim Ortiz as Frank Varela
Maricela González as Calixta Meléndez
Paulo Quevedo as Víctor Mendoza
Tina Romero as Carmen Moreno "La Nana"
Liz Gallardo as Leticia Robles "Leti"
Ismael La Rosa as Tadeo Falcón "Tito"
Jorge Baldini as Franco Rios
Juan Pablo Llano as Bruno Rivera
Karen Sentíes as Amelia Salas de Parker
Fred Valle as Tyron Parker "Ty"
Jorge Hernández as Estanislao "Polaco"
Wanda D'Isidoro as Catalina Lucero
Ana Sobero as Marcela Villa
Sandra Eichler as Alicia
Salim Rubiales as Tarek
Maite Embil as Belinda Delgado
Karina Mora as Yazmín "Yaya" Mendoza
Xavier Coronel as Javier Serran
Jeimy Osorio as Tania Taylor
Rodrigo Mejía as Gregorio "Goyo"
Aneudy Lara as Jerome Taylor
Carlos Athié as Lucas Gonzalez
Henry Zakka as Amador Colina
Mónica Pasqualotto as Mireya Sanz
Patricio Doren as Hugo Reyes
Daniela Nieves as Alejandra Varela
Fidel Pérez Michel as Richard Garcia
Luke Grande as Dr. Martinez
Khotan Fernández as Miguel Morales "Miguelito"
Iván Hernández as Steve Martinez
Liannet Borrego as Sylvia
Ernesto Tapia as Ronnie
Adela Romero as Gloria Mendoza
Victor Corona as Esteban
Osvaldo Strongoli as Teófilo "Teó"
Sofia Sanabria as Vicky
Samir Succar as Officer Conner
Hely Ferrigny as Manuel Mendoza
Lina Maya as Natasha
Gualberto Gonzalez as Lazcano
Lupillo Rivera as himself
Carlos Cuervo as Joaquin
Yami Quintero as Flavia Montes
Hector Alejandro as Marcus
Raúl Durán as Julius Thompson
Duvier Poviones as Bob
Catalina Mesa as Pilar
Dayami Padron as Patricia
Carlos Pítela as Don Serapio
Omar Nassar as Benjamin Singer
Raul Arrieta as Anselmo
Gilbert Peralta as Memo
Fernando Fermor as Tomás
Episodes
Release dates, episode name & length, and U.S. viewers based on Telemundo's broadcast.
Production
Production and filming of Una Maid en Manhattan officially started in late 2011. From November 29, 2011 to July 9, 2012, Telemundo aired the serial weeknights at 8pm/7c, replacing Mi Corazón Insiste. From July 10 to 23, 2012, Telemundo aired half-hour episodes of Una Maid en Manhattan and Rosa Diamante, both sharing the 8pm/7c time slot. As with most of its other telenovelas, the network broadcast English subtitles with closed captions on CC3.
Reception
Telemundo's November 29 broadcast of Una Maid en Manhattan averaged nearly 1.6 million viewers. The series finale broadcast on July 23 averaged 2.1 million viewers, and became one of Telemundo's strongest novelas ever during its run.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2011 telenovelas
2012 telenovelas
2011 American television series debuts
2012 American television series endings
Sony Pictures Television telenovelas
Spanish-language American telenovelas
Telemundo telenovelas
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Television shows set in Miami
Television shows set in New York City
Works about immigration to the United States
Sir David Lionel Natzler (born 16 August 1952) is a former Clerk of the House of Commons, the principal constitutional adviser to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, and adviser on all its procedure and business. He was the 50th person to hold the role. Appointed by letters patent in March 2015, he was designated acting Clerk upon the retirement of Sir Robert Rogers in August 2014. He announced his retirement in a letter to the Speaker on 14 November 2018.
Clerk of the House of Commons
Natzler had previously served as Clerk Assistant to Sir Robert Rogers. On notice of Rogers' proposed retirement, Commons Speaker John Bercow secured the agreement of the House of Commons Commission to a change in the person specification for the role of Clerk of the House of Commons and Chief Executive of the House of Commons Service.
Following a controversial recruitment process, Bercow proposed the selection of Carol Mills, then secretary of the Department of Parliamentary Services in the Parliament of Australia, for the job of Clerk of the House and Chief Executive, sending the formal nomination to the Prime Minister with the request that it be passed to the Sovereign, who makes the appointment by letters patent. The appointment process was questioned by many MPs and the nomination itself was opposed by several.
As a result, on the retirement of Rogers, Natzler was appointed as acting Clerk. The House of Commons established a committee on the governance of the House, chaired by former Cabinet Minister Jack Straw. The committee reported in December 2014. Inter alia the committee recommended that "The Clerk of the House should remain Head of the House service, appointed by Letters Patent, but should not also be titled Chief Executive" and that "a new post of Director General of the House of Commons should be created, reporting to the Clerk but with clearly delineated autonomous responsibilities for the delivery of services."
The recommendations of the report were debated and agreed to by the House on 22 January 2015.
Mills subsequently withdrew from the process, the specification of the job she had applied for having changed substantially. In March 2015 Natzler was confirmed as the new Clerk.
In a letter to the Speaker of the House of Commons on 14 November 2018 Natzler announced his intention to retire on 1 March 2019. On 5 February 2019, Clerk Assistant John Benger was announced as Natzler's successor.
Personal life
He is the son of Pierre Natzler (1917–2020), an Austrian who served as an agent in the Special Operations Executive (SOE) during World War II.
Natzler is married with two sons and one daughter.
Honours
In the 2018 Birthday Honours, Natzler was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) for parliamentary service.
References
External links
Clerk of the House of Commons. www.parliament.uk
David Natzler talking about the making of legislation.
Terry Barnes on the pause in the appointment of a Clerk.
Clerks of the House of Commons
Living people
1952 births
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Wilberforce family
Stegea jamaicensis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Jamaica.
References
Moths described in 1964
Glaphyriinae
Saikaku is a crater on Mercury. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. The crater is named for Japanese poet Ihara Saikaku.
References
Impact craters on Mercury
Polar Bears is a play by British writer Mark Haddon first produced by the Donmar Warehouse in London. Following previews from 1 April 2010, the play opened on 6 April 2010 where it ran until 22 May. The world premier production was directed by Jamie Lloyd. The German Oldenburgisches Staatstheater staged the play in 2012 under direction of K.D. Schmidt
Original Cast
Sandy – Paul Hilton
John – Richard Coyle
Kay – Jodhi May
Margaret – Celia Imrie
Jesus – David Leon
Girl – Skye Bennett/Alice Sykes
References
External links
Production Listing
2010 plays
British plays
Joy Bangla () is a slogan and war cry used in Bangladesh and India's West Bengal, Tripura, Barak Valley and Manbhum District to indicate nationalism towards the geopolitical, cultural and historical region of Bengal and Bangamata (also known as Bangla Maa or Mother Bengal). It is also recognised as the national slogan of Bangladesh. It translates roughly to "Victory to Bengal" or "Hail Bengal".
History
Purnachandra Das, an Indian schoolteacher and revolutionary from Madaripur, Bangladesh was imprisoned in the Berhampur Jail for his involvement in the independence movement. Bengali Kazi Nazrul Islam composed the poem 'Purna-Abhinandan' from the book of poems 'Bhangar Gaan' at the request of Kalipada Roychowdhury on the occasion of the release of Purnachandra Das from prison. Kazi Nazrul Islam first used the word Joy Bangla in this poem. The name of the slogan Joy Bangla comes from this poem named "Pūrṇa Abhinandan" (1922) by Kazi Nazrul Islam. The middle two lines of the fifth stanza are as follows:
In Bengalī script
জয় বাংলা'র পূর্ণচন্দ্র, জয় জয় আদি অন্তরীণ,
জয় যুগে যুগে আসা সেনাপতি, জয় প্রাণ অন্তহীন।
Transliteration
Joy Bangla'r pūrṇochondro, joy joy adi ontorīṇ
joy jugē jugē asa sēnapoti, joy prāṇ ontohīn
English Translation
Hail to the Purnachandra, hail to the eternally enveloped,
All hail to the warriors who came here generation after generation, hail to the ceaseless eternal souls.
It appeared in the 11-point charter put forth by the Sarbadaliya Chhatra Sangram Parishad on 4 January 1969. After the release of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, the SCSP held a rally at the Ramna Race Course ground on 22 February 1969, to honour him. When Mujib was conferred the title of Bangabandhu, cries of Joy Bangla came from all over the park.
Joy Bangla was the slogan and war cry of the Mukti Bahini that fought for the independence of Bangladesh during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. In Bangladesh Liberation War, 27 March 1971 Major Ziaur Rahman broadcast announcement of the declaration of independence on behalf of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and he finished with "Joy Bangla".
After the assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, Khondakar Mostaq Ahmad replaced Joy Bangla with Bangladesh Zindabad.
National slogan of Bangladesh
The High Court on 4 December 2017 directed the government of Bangladesh to explain "why 'Joy Bangla' would not be declared as national slogan of the county.'"
On 10 March 2020, The High Court made the declaration naming "Joy Bangla" as the official national slogan of Bangladesh.
Justice FRM Nazmul Ahasan and Justice KM Kamrul Kader announced this after settling a rule on a writ petition filed two years ago.
The High Court also added that this order will be done fulfill within next three months.
Bangladesh constitutional office-holders and all state officials will be use on all national days and in appropriate cases, at the end of their speeches in state programmes. All of educational institution teachers and students must be use the Joy Bangla motto at the end of assemblies.
On 20 February 2022 the cabinet division has decided to make Joy Bangla as the national slogan. On 2 March 2022 The government has issued a notification declaring 'Joy Bangla' as the national slogan of Bangladesh. According to the notification:
1.(a) ' Joy Bangla ' will be the national slogan of Bangladesh.
(b) Officials of all government offices should chant the slogan 'Joy Bangla' at the end of all national day celebrations and other functions of the state and the government.
(c) Teachers and students should say the slogan 'Joy Bangla' at the end of daily gatherings and for concluding speeches at meetings and seminars in all educational institutions.
Political slogan
In Bangladesh
The salutation "Joy Bangla" is the official slogan of the Bangladesh Awami League. The phrase "Joy Bangla, Joy Bangabandhu" is used by the party members at the end of speeches and communications pertaining to or referring to patriotism towards Bangladesh and Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib.
In West Bengal
The slogan Joy Bangla is also officially used by Mamata Banerjee and by her party Trinamool Congress as part of attempt to create a territorial and ethnolinguistic identity for Bengalis in India. It is used in particular, as a closing remark for political speeches.
In popular culture
On 7 March 1971 Sheikh Mujibur Rahman called for independence and asked the people of Bangladesh to launch a major campaign of civil disobedience and organized armed resistance at a mass gathering of people held at the Race Course Ground in Dhaka.
The struggle now is the struggle for our emancipation; the struggle now is the struggle for our independence. Joy Bangla!..(For more info, see: 7th March Speech of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman)
The surrender ceremony of the Pakistani military also took place at the Race Course Ground on 16 December 1971. About 93,000 Pakistani troops surrendered, making it the largest military surrender that occurred after World War 2. Lieutenant General Jagjit Singh Aurora, Joint Commander of Indian and Bangladesh Forces accepted the surrender without a word, while the crowd on the race course erupted in celebrations, shouting victory slogans, "Joy Bangla".
The phrase has also given its name to
Joy Bangla weekly (1971), one of the two official mouthpieces of the provisional Mujibnagar government, that led the Bangladesh's independence war.
Joy Bangla Banglar Joy, a patriotic and popular song. It was the signature tune of the Swadhin Bangla Betar Kendra.
Joy Bangla Concert, annual benefit concert by Young Bangla.
Joy Bangla Youth Award, the flagship Award event of Young Bangla.
See also
Bangladesh Liberation War
Bangladesh Zindabad
Bengali nationalism
Pakistan Zindabad
References
Battle cries
Bangladesh Liberation War
Bengali words and phrases
Bangladeshi political slogans
American Beauty is a lost 1927 American silent film romantic drama produced and distributed by First National Pictures. This film was directed by Richard Wallace and starred Billie Dove. It is based on a short story American Beauty by Wallace Irwin. Walter McGrail and Margaret Livingston are also in the cast.
The story
Billy Dove stars as the title character, Millicent Howard, whose appearance and persona bring her a life of luxury. A millionaire named Claverhouse asks her to marry, but she values love more than wealth, and she sacrifices everything for another man, who is less wealthy, Jerry Booth. A number of scenes require Millicent to disrobe except for her underthings. The actress, Billy Dove, is known for her love affair with Howard Hughes.
Cast
Billie Dove Millicent Howard
Lloyd Hughes Jerry Booth
Walter McGrail Claverhouse
Margaret Livingston Mrs. Gillespie
Lucien Prival Gillespie
Al St. John Waiter
Edythe Chapman Madame O'Riley
Alice White Claire O'Riley
Yola d'Avril Telephone Girl
References
External links
lobby poster
1927 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
Films directed by Richard Wallace
Films based on short fiction
First National Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1927 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
1927 lost films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
The Minister for Internal Security was a cabinet ministry of the Government of Ceylon that existed from January 1960 to March 1960 during the caretaker government of W. Dahanayake. Senator Layard Jayasundera served as Minister for Internal Security and Sydney de Zoysa served as Permanent Secretary. The Ministry had under it the Ceylon Police Force which at the time was tasked with internal security duties and had prior to January 1960, been under the Minister of Justice briefly after the Bandaranaike assassination. The police had traditionally been under the Ministry of External Affairs and Defence, which was a portfolio retained by the Prime Minister of Ceylon.
See also
Ministry of External Affairs and Defence
Minister of Defence (Sri Lanka)
References
1960 establishments in Ceylon
1960 disestablishments in Ceylon
Internal Security
Ceylon
Ceylon, Internal Security
Ceylon, Internal Security
Mercado de las Carnes (), also known as La Plaza de los Perros (), but formally, Plaza Juan Ponce de León (Juan Ponce de León Plaza), was the first building in Puerto Rico to mix social and architectural elements via the pedestrian mall concept. The historic Art Deco architecture structure is located in Ponce, Puerto Rico, and dates from 1926. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The Plaza was rebuilt in 1992, under the administration of Mayor Churumba. It is located in the alley connecting Mayor and Leon streets, in the block between Estrella and Guadalupe streets. The Plaza and the alley are one and the same.
History
Ponce's Plaza de los Perros (English: Plaza of the Dogs), receives its name from the packs of stray dogs that gathered there to feed on the discarded meat scraps. A product of the rapid urban growth experienced in the city during the early 20th century, the Plaza was built in 1926 to relieve the overcrowded farmer's market ("Plaza del Mercado") and provide an adequate marketplace for perishable meat products.
Significance
Located across the street from the historic Plaza del Mercado (Farmer's Market) the Plaza de los Perros serves as an urbanistic and commercial complement to the marketplace. Occupying a long, narrow lot, previously belonging to two back-to-back structures, the meat market connects two of Ponce's busiest commercial streets, Mayor and Leon, providing mid-block circulation to the main market by means of the pedestrian mall concept so popular today. Of significance is the adaptation of such innovative concepts to traditional social and architectural elements (the farmers' market and Moorish detailing), representing the contemporary modernistic trends in architecture. The double-function of such a traditional space was an innovation in Ponce and in Puerto Rico as a whole.
Of great importance is that the building's design bears the signature of Rafael Carmoega, one of the most established Puerto Rican architects of the 20th century. A graduate of the Cornell University School of Architecture and subsequent director of the Architectural division of Puerto Rico's Department of the Interior, Carmoega also designed the Capitol Building, the University of Puerto Rico Main Campus at Rio Piedras, the School of Tropical Medicine, and the Mayaguez City Hall, all listed on the National Register, in addition to other significant buildings. In his interest to preserve Hispanic traditions in the wake of the recent change of sovereignty from Spain to the United States, Carmoega utilized the Spanish Baroque and Neo-Mudejar vocabularies in his designs, emphasizing the use of glazed, mosaic tiles in many buildings. The Plaza de los Perros is a fine example of this latter style, incorporating glazed mosaics, horseshoe arches, and galleries in a mosque-like space for commercial usage.
Physical appearance
Overall
The old "Mercado de las Carnes", or Meat Market, occupies a narrow through-lot connecting Mayor and Leon streets at the center of the block between Estrella and Guadalupe streets. In plan, the concrete, wood, and sheet-metal structure consists of an elongated quadrangle created by galleries opening onto an attenuated interior court. The neo-mudejar and Art Deco decorative facades appear to be independent of the actual utilitarian structure inside, as they shift slightly in opposite direction off the central court axis to accommodate the mall.
Façade
The east and west facades are identical, each consisting of a rectangular mass of approximately in height and 30 in width, which defines the major façade element. This rectangle is divided into five ground-storey bays: a series of three central bays flanked by slightly narrower wall areas. The bays are defined by a series of four vertical buttress-like piers which extend slightly above the ridge of the building.
Entryways
The three central bays form the frontispiece of the facade, each of similar dimensions and created as access to the interior court. Each bay contains a horseshoe arch approximately one-half the height of the facade and almost the full width of the bay. Above each arch, a decorative spandrel panel contains glazed mosaic tiles in intricate Moorish patterns. Within each bay, a horizontal band stretching between the concrete piers separates the spandrel area from the parapet above. The parapet is completely solid above the central bay, whereas the parapets of the flanking bays are articulated with open, semi-circular concrete forms. At this level, the concrete piers are decorated with vertical rectangular panels of glazed multi-colored mosaic tiles.
The bays flanking the frontispiece are solid and without articulation, although the southern bay has been punctured at ground level by wide, wooden doors as access to a street-side refreshments stand. A concrete cantilever shades the entrance and a vertical sign above announces the name of each business.
Interior
At the interior court, a series of simplified, square, Tuscan columns creates a gallery enclosing individual market areas within each bay. The stoa-like galleries are sheltered by a wood and sheet-metal roof pitched inward toward the court. Additional continuous wood and sheet-metal eaves, stemming from the colonnade and suspended by link-chains from the architrave provide shelter within the court for those doing their shopping.
Alterations
This property has remained basically unaltered all elements described contribute to the structure's value. The only alteration is the refreshments stands' sign and the covering of the upper part of the stand's arch which are non-contributing elements.
Effect of 2020 Puerto Rico earthquakes
The roof of the structure was damaged due to the 2020 Puerto Rico earthquakes and Plaza Juan Ponce de Leon had to be closed for repairs. As a result, vendors had to vacate their shops and remove their merchandise. Provisional repairs were announced to take approximately two weeks, after which merchants could then move back in. Municipal government plans were to prepare plans for a more permanent restoration of the roof at a later date.
See also
Plaza de Mercado de Ponce
La Gran Enciclopedia de Puerto Rico, Vol XIX, "Arquitectura y Leyes", Editorial Rumbo, Madrid. 1976.
Acevedo Cruz, Joaquin. Conservacion: Area de la Plaza del Mercado de Ponce. Escuela de Arquitectura U.P.R., 1982 (unpublished).
References
External links
Commercial buildings completed in 1926
National Register of Historic Places in Ponce, Puerto Rico
1986 in Puerto Rico
1926 establishments in Puerto Rico
The Yingfeng Riverside Park () is a park along the Keelung River in Zhongshan District and Songshan District of Taipei, Taiwan.
History
The park was completed in 2002.
Geography
The park covers an area of 60 hectares.
Facilities
The park features facilities for skating, softball, football, baseball, wood ball and miniature golf. The park also features Taiwan's first leash-free sports park for dogs, which measures approximately 1 hectare in area and contains two parts, one for big canines and the other for smaller ones. It includes dog-waste removers, eight benches and four wash basins.
Transportation
The park is accessible within walking distance south of Dazhi Station of Taipei Metro.
See also
List of parks in Taiwan
Guanshan Riverside Park
References
External link
2002 establishments in Taiwan
Dog parks
Parks established in 2002
Parks in Taipei
Valentina Vitalyevna Ogiyenko (, born 26 May 1965) is a Russian volleyball player, who was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1965 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Krasnodar
Soviet women's volleyball players
Russian women's volleyball players
Volleyball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Volleyball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic volleyball players of the Soviet Union
Olympic volleyball players of the Unified Team
Olympic volleyball players of Russia
Olympic silver medalists for the Unified Team
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in volleyball
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Competitors at the 1986 Goodwill Games
Competitors at the 1990 Goodwill Games
Goodwill Games medalists in volleyball
Competitors at the 1994 Goodwill Games
Sociedade Esportiva Nova Andradina is a football club from Nova Andradina, Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Sul-Matogrossense. Their colours are white and black.
Honors
Campeonato Sul-Matogrossense: 1
1992
Association football clubs established in 1989
Football clubs in Mato Grosso do Sul
1989 establishments in Brazil
The 2018–19 NBL season was the 41st season of the National Basketball League since its establishment in 1979. A total of eight teams have contested the league. The regular season had been played between October 2018 and February 2019, followed by a post-season featuring the top four in March 2019.
Australian broadcast rights to the season are held by Fox Sports, in the fourth year of a five-year deal, with two game per week simulcast on the Nine Network. In New Zealand, Sky Sport are the official league broadcaster.
As Australia and New Zealand are participating in 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup qualification, the league will take a break during the FIBA international windows of 26 November to 4 December 2018 and 18–26 February 2019.
The Perth Wildcats won their ninth NBL championship after defeating Melbourne United in the Grand Final.
Pre-season
The pre-season featured games in China and Malaysia. As well, it featured the NBLxNBA 2018 Tour in which five NBL teams played a total of seven games. Five NBL teams played a total of seven games against NBA teams in the 2018 pre-season.
Regular season
The regular season started on 11 October 2018 and finished on 17 February 2019. Eight teams participated, with the top four advancing to the finals series.
Ladder
The NBL tie-breaker system as outlined in the NBL Rules and Regulations states that in the case of an identical win–loss record, the overall points percentage between the teams will determine order of seeding.
1Perth Wildcats won on overall points percentage. Melbourne United finished 2nd on overall points percentage.
2Brisbane Bullets won on overall points percentage.
3New Zealand Breakers won on overall points percentage.
Finals
The 2019 NBL Finals were played in February and March 2019, consisting of two best-of-three semi-final series and the best-of-five Grand Final series. In the semi-finals, the higher seed hosts the first and third games. In the Grand Final, the higher seed hosts the first, third and fifth games.
After winning both of their semi-finals in straight games, the Perth Wildcats and Melbourne United progressed to the Grand Final where the Wildcats triumphed 3–1.
Playoff bracket
Awards
Pre-season
Most Valuable Player (Ray Borner Medal): Bryce Cotton (Perth Wildcats)
Season
Most Valuable Player (Andrew Gaze Trophy): Andrew Bogut (Sydney Kings)
Rookie of the Year: Harry Froling (Adelaide 36ers)
Best Defensive Player: Andrew Bogut (Sydney Kings)
Best Sixth Man: Reuben Te Rangi (Brisbane Bullets)
Most Improved Player: Reuben Te Rangi (Brisbane Bullets)
Fans MVP: Bryce Cotton (Perth Wildcats)
Coach of the Year (Lindsay Gaze Trophy): Dean Vickerman (Melbourne United)
Referee of the Year: Michael Aylen
All-NBL First Team:
Casper Ware (Melbourne United)
Bryce Cotton (Perth Wildcats)
Lamar Patterson (Brisbane Bullets)
Nick Kay (Perth Wildcats)
Andrew Bogut (Sydney Kings)
All-NBL Second Team:
Jerome Randle (Sydney Kings)
Melo Trimble (Cairns Taipans)
Nathan Sobey (Adelaide 36ers)
Daniel Johnson (Adelaide 36ers)
Shawn Long (New Zealand Breakers)
Finals
Grand Final Series MVP (Larry Sengstock Medal): Terrico White (Perth Wildcats)
References
Australia,NBL
2018–19 in Australian basketball
2018 in New Zealand basketball
Martin Müller (born 25 July 1966) is a Swiss former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Switzerland
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Swiss male sport wrestlers
20th-century Swiss people
Nick Dodge (born 1 May 1986) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right wing. He was drafted by the Carolina Hurricanes in the 6th round (183rd overall) of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Born in Oakville, Ontario, Dodge played junior hockey with the Oakville Blades in the OPJHL before playing four years (2004–08) of ECAC college hockey with the Clarkson Golden Knights team at Clarkson University.
Dodge turned professional for the 2008–09 season, suiting up for the Hurricanes' AHL affiliate, the Albany River Rats. Dodge played out his three-year entry-level contract within the Hurricanes AHL affiliates, in the River Rats and the Charlotte Checkers, before retiring from professional hockey having played in 217 AHL games.
Career statistics
Awards and honours
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Albany River Rats players
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Carolina Hurricanes draft picks
Charlotte Checkers (2010–) players
Clarkson Golden Knights men's ice hockey players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Oakville, Ontario
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
The Battle of B'ir Kora was a military engagement during the Toyota War. Fought between the Libyan army and the Chadian FANT on the morning of 19 March 1987, the battle saw the Chadians encircle and destroy several Libyan units.
History
Background
Following years of conflict between Libya and Chad over the Aouzou Strip, in 1983 the Libyan Army organized an expeditionary force to invade and occupy northern Chad, under the pretexts that the expedition would support pro-Libyan Chadian rebels. Once established in the north, the Libyans conducted operations in support of various insurgent groups fighting against the Chadian government of Hissène Habré. The Libyan forces in Chad possessed a significant material and air power advantage over the Chadian army, but by 1986 had lost the support of Chadian rebels they were supposedly supporting.
At the start of 1987, the Libyan Expeditionary forces continued to hold strategic positions in the Chadian Sahara. However, on 2 January of that year a pro-government Chadian army (FANT) engaged a Libyan force garrisoning the town of Fada at the Battle of Fada. The battle was a Chadian victory, and resulted in the Chadians pushing further into Libyan-controlled territory. The defeat at Fada provoked the Libyan military into launching a number of airstrikes in Central Chad, strikes which in turn spurred the French government (which supported the Chadian government) to bomb Libyan-held targets in Chad. The arrival of the French Air Force in Chad effectively nullified the Libyan Air Force's ability to conduct combat operations against FANT, granting the organization a window of opportunity to attack Libyan positions without fear of Libyan air power.
Battle
First engagement
In early March, Chadian commanders led by Hassan Djamous decided the Libyan Expeditionary Forces needed to be reduced in size before the Libyans could be driven from Chad altogether. To accomplish this, it was decided that the Chadian defenses around Fada would be intentionally weakened; it was hoped that this reduction would be detected and that the Libyans would launch a counterattack to retake the town. FANT forces also launched a number of hit-and-run attacks against Libyan positions in Ouadi Doum (alternatively spelled Wadi Doum), where the Libyans had established an airbase.
In mid March, the Libyan army organised a task force of 1,500 men and advanced against Fada. However, on the evening of 18 March the Libyans were surrounded by multiple FANT units near B'ir Kora. When the Chadian attack began at dawn on the 19th, the Libyans (who had arranged their tanks and other vehicles to form makeshift laagers) were unable to hold their camp's perimeter when faced with the highly mobile Chadians. To draw the Libyans out of their defensive positions, the Chadians launched a diversionary attack against one segment of the Libyan defenses, while also preparing a much larger attack aimed at the opposite side of the Libyan line. The diversion worked, and when the Libyans committed their reserves to meet the Chadian feint, the main Chadian force was able to penetrate the Libyan rear and cause havoc. The Libyan defenses soon collapsed, resulting in the destruction of the Libyan force.
Second engagement
As the initial Libyan task force was being destroyed by the FANT ambush, the encircled Libyans were able to request reinforcements from Ouadi Doum. These requests were granted by the Libyan commander at Ouadi Doum, who dispatched a second task force to relieve the embattled first. However, by the time the relief force was dispatched the first Libyan force had already been destroyed, and in the intervening time the Chadians had begun to plan a second ambush. Just as had happened with the first force, the Chadians attacked and overran the Libyan relief force 12 miles north of B'ir Kora on the 20 March.
Casualties
The engagements at B'ir Kora resulted in heavy casualties for the Libyan army; both the initial task force and subsequent relief force were nearly annihilated. In total, the Libyan army had lost 800 men killed, 86 tanks destroyed, and 13 tanks captured.
Aftermath
The Chadian victory at B'ir Kora paved the way for FANT and other pro-government forces to mount further attacks against the Libyan army's positions in Northern Chad. These conflicts—collectively known as the Toyota War—continued until September 1987, and resulted in the withdrawal of Libyan soldiers from Northern Chad.
References
Fada
B'ir Kora
1987 in Libya
1987 in Chad
Fada
March 1987 events in Africa
Battles involving Libya
Battles involving Chad
Santa Fe Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Lakeland, Florida. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orlando. There are 310 students.
History
Santa Fe Catholic High School, a coeducational institution of the Diocese of Orlando, was founded in 1960 and officially opened on September 5, 1961, as Central Catholic High School. Classes were held for 50 students in grades nine and ten in the administration building at Lodwick Airport, known now as Tigertown. In 1962, St. Augustine Bishop Joseph P. Hurley dedicated the school Classes were held for the first time in the present administration building. A few months later, the name was changed to Santa Fe Catholic High School. In 1964, Santa Fe had its first graduating class, the organization of a football team and the formation of the National Honor Society.
Faced with increasing enrollment, the administration organized a building fund in 1969 to raise money for additions to Santa Fe. The McDonald Building was dedicated in 1969. In 1970, the school broke ground for the new gymnasium. In 1972, Monsignor Martin Power, Pastor of Saint Joseph's in Lakeland, died, and Reverend Patrick Sheedy, the new Pastor, raised money for the Martin Power Center. The new center was started in January 1973.
Administration
The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools has accredited the school since 1972.
Academics
In 2018–2019, there were 16 Advanced Placement courses, 22 Honors classes.
Athletics
There are 14 sports. (Baseball,Basketball, Cheerleading, Crimsonettes Dance Team, Cross Country, Drumline, Football, Golf, Soccer, Softball, Swimming, Tennis, Track and Field, Volleyball)
Clubs
There are 18 clubs and organizations.
Student body
SAT mean scores were 1,087 (Florida mean score was 990). ACT mean score was 22.6 (Florida mean score was under 20). 98% of graduates were accepted into college. 78% percent receive Florida Bright Futures Scholarships.
In 2010, there were 15 international students from five countries who were being hosted by American families for the school year.
61% of the students were taking honors/AP courses. There are four honor societies.
In 2010, there were 16 students in special-needs programs.
Notables
Matt Diaz, Atlanta Braves baseball player
Joe Nemechek, NASCAR driver,
Michael Happoldt, co-founder of Skunk Records
Mike Stanton, Former professional baseball player (Houston Astros, Cleveland Indians, Seattle Mariners, Chicago White Sox)
Notes and references
External links
School Website
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Schools in Lakeland, Florida
Educational institutions established in 1961
High schools in Polk County, Florida
Roman Catholic Diocese of Orlando
1961 establishments in Florida
Private high schools in Florida
Duncan Barkes is a radio presenter who has worked for a number of British talk radio stations including LBC, talkSPORT, BBC Radio Five Live and BBC Radio London. His shows were usually late night or overnight phone-in programmes. Barkes has also written for various national and regional newspapers. In February 2021 he announced he was leaving the BBC to work as a political adviser for a Conservative Party MP. He currently combines presenting the occasional radio show on various different radio stations whilst working in public affairs in Sussex.
Writing career
He has written columns for many newspapers including the Daily Express, where he wrote articles on a number of political and social issues. He has also written a syndicated newspaper column. It started off as the "Barkes At Large" column and it ran for seven years in various newspapers across West Sussex. The column tackled a wide range of issue and often sparked controversy. Barkes has also written his own book titled The Dumbing Down Of Britain. He is a member of the Chartered Institute of Journalists.
Broadcasting career
His broadcasting career spans over 25 years and includes regional and commercial stations such as Spirit FM, Jazz FM, BBC Southern Counties Radio, Radio City, Radio City Talk, Talksport, and LBC. Barkes did not renew his contract with LBC; he instead decided to join BBC Radio London on 5 July 2015 to present "London's Late Night Radio Phone-in". In 2015, Barkes was nominated in the ‘Radio Programme of the Year' category as part of the Broadcasting Press Guild Awards facing competition from BBC Radio 4 and BBC Five Live. During his time at Radio London he achieved record high audience figures in the late night slot.
Campaigning career
Barkes has a long history working as a campaigner and media consultant managing various press offices and PR departments. He has also campaigned on numerous issues that range from social campaigns protecting local health services to national campaigns conceived to raising awareness issues. During his time campaigning he has worked alongside several politicians, these include Ken Livingstone and UKIP leader Nigel Farage. Barkes has also worked with Nigel Farage on the run-up to the 2010 General elections. He also acted as a spokesperson for Farage after he was involved in a near fatal plane crash of which he freed and dragged Farage from the wreckage. Other media work that Duncan Barkes has undertaken whilst working as a media consultant and campaigner, has included placing clients on a variety of news programmes including Question Time. He's also worked with a number of campaigning groups to offer strategic media advice. He has never been a member of any political party despite his past work as a political media consultant.
References
External links
Dumbing Down Britain on Amazon.com
Duncan Barkes (BBC Radio London)
BPG Radio Nomination
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
British radio presenters
British publishers (people)
KNM ER 992 is a old fossilized lower jaw discovered by Richard Leakey in 1971 at Lake Turkana, Kenya. The mandible was considered by C. Groves and V. Mazak to be the holotype specimen for Homo ergaster.
See also
List of fossil sites (with link directory)
List of hominina (hominin) fossils (with images)
References
External links
Homo ergaster fossils
Prehistoric Kenya
The 1976 Tour de Suisse was the 40th edition of the Tour de Suisse cycle race and was held from 9 June to 18 June 1976. The race started and finished in Murten. The race was won by Hennie Kuiper of the TI–Raleigh team.
General classification
References
1976
Tour de Suisse
June 1976 sports events in Europe
Royal Trust Bank v Buchler [1989] BCLC 130 is a UK insolvency law case, which decided that before a creditor may enforce security, it must show it is appropriate to do so.
Facts
Mr Buchler's company borrowed £500,000 from Royal Trust Bank. It purchased and refurbished some property to let it out again. The loan was secured by a charge entitling the bank to appoint a receiver. When an administrator was appointed, he decided it would be best to go ahead letting the property and then sell. Letting failed. The administrator decided to sell. The property got £850,000, and the bank sought leave under the Insolvency Act 1986 s.11(3) (see now, Schedule B) to enforce its security.
Judgment
Peter Gibson J refused the bank leave. He held the bank failed to discharge its burden of showing a proper case to enforce security. The decision to delay the property's sale was a sound one, and if it was sold the bank could be paid in full. If the bank was allowed to appoint a receiver, costs would be increased, which would decrease assets available to all creditors.
See also
UK insolvency law
Notes
United Kingdom insolvency case law
1989 in case law
1989 in British law
Upper Mediezie Ward also known as Upper Agri Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 17 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Upper Agri Ward:
Schools
Fernwood School
Stella Higher Secondary School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No.17
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Nikola Dobrović (, ; 12 February 1897 – 11 January 1967) was a Serbian architect, teacher, and urban planner. Dobrović designed a number of buildings including the Yugoslav Ministry of Defence building, later destroyed during the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia.
Biography
Dobrović was born in the Hungarian city of Pécs, 1897. He got his degree in architecture in 1923 from the High Technical School in Prague. After gaining experience in prominent Prague architectural offices and in his own practice, he moved to Dubrovnik in the early nineteen-thirties with the radical, programmatic mission of bringing modern architecture to this small but historically very important city on the Dalmatian coast. He was invited in 1930 by Dubrovnik municipal conservator Kosta Strajnić, well known as the author of the first monographs on Josip Plečnik and the sculptor Ivan Meštrović, to explain to the authorities what modern architecture actually was. To depict in the local press the exemplary architecture that would be suited to the so-called new, modern Dubrovnik, Strajnić put forward Dobrović's radical project for hotel-Kursalon on Pile, in close proximity to the most monumental part of the medieval city walls, as an alternative to the eclectic project by the Viennese architect Alfred Keller. As for Dobrović, although his project was never to be realized, his entrance to Dubrovnik was truly grand.
Notes
References
1897 births
1967 deaths
People from Pécs
Brutalist architects
Serbian architects
20th-century Serbian people
Austro-Hungarian emigrants to Yugoslavia
Austro-Hungarian Serbs
Glasgow International (GI) is a biennial visual arts festival that takes place in Glasgow, Scotland. While Glasgow has a thriving contemporary art scene of its own, GI offers a platform to artists from other countries as well, showcasing the best of both local and international contemporary art. The festival started in 2005.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and especially its impact on the arts, the 2020 edition of the GI was postponed. The ninth edition of GI, opening in 2021, presented a hybrid of in person and online exhibitions and events, including 38 exhibitions in 27 venues across Glasgow. In 2021 the Commissioned Programme included works by Jenkin van Zyl, Yuko Mohri, Ana Mazzei, Sarah Forrest, Nep Sidhu, and France-Lise McGurn.
GI is curating Scotland's contribution to the Venice Biennale in 2022. Scotland will be represented by Alberta Whittle.
References
External links
Arts festivals in Scotland
Events in Scotland
Events in Glasgow
Biennial events
The 1986 Senior PGA Tour was the seventh season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of 28 official money events with purses totalling $6,450,000, including three majors. Bruce Crampton won the most tournaments, seven. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1986 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold.
Source:
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Casa del Telegrafista (house of the telegrapher) is a museum in Aracataca. The town is the birthplace of author Gabriel Garcia Marquez and photographer Leo Matiz. The museum is located to the north of the town.
References
Museums in Colombia
Michael McGeady (born 11 May 1978) is an Irish professional golfer. He turned professional in 2005. He tied for second in the 2006 Ireland Ryder Cup Challenge and secured his first win as a professional in 2008 at the SWALEC Wales Challenge. In October 2013, he won the Irish PGA Championship at Roganstown.
Professional wins (2)
Challenge Tour wins (1)
Challenge Tour playoff record (1–0)
Other wins (1)
Team appearances
Amateur
European Amateur Team Championship (representing Ireland): 2005
References
External links
Irish male golfers
European Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Derry (city)
Sportspeople from County Donegal
1978 births
Living people
Iceland competed at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary from 18 June to 3 July.
Swimming
Icelandic swimmers have achieved qualifying standards in the following events.
References
Nations at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships
Iceland at the World Aquatics Championships
2022 in Icelandic sport
Skúsime to cez vesmír (which translates to Flying through the Universe) is the second album by Slovak rock band Tublatanka released in 1987 by Opus Records. It contains the hit singles Skúsime to cez vesmír and Dnes.
Track listing
"Vo veľkej škole dní"
"Šlabikár II"
"Neváham..."
"Dotyk rúžom na pohár"
"Skúsime to cez vesmír"
"Dnes"
"Mám byť iný"
"Veľké nádeje"
"Už som váš"
"Tuláčik s dobrou povesťou"
Lyrics written by Martin Sarvaš
Music written by Maťo Ďurinda
Credits
BAND
Maťo Ďurinda - lead vocals (except on "Neváham"), lead and rhythm guitars, piano
Palo Horváth - bass guitar, backing vocals, lead vocals on "Neváham", co-lead vocals on tracks 1, 2, 5, 6, 8
Ďuro Černý - drums, percussion
Guests
Braňo Černák, Peter Uherčík, Paľo Sevský, Dušan Horecký, Peter Sámel, Jano Kuric, Peter Penthor, Robo Stanke, Ľubo Bočev, Tomáš Krnáč, Miro Binder, Peter Peteraj, Bohuš Dobál, Igor Skovay, Karol Vilček, Sergej Michalič, Maroš Hnidiak, Vlado Mrazko, Dušan Králik, Ilja Thurzo, Fedor Šrobár, Vít Fila, Jožo Hanák - backing vocals on "Vo veľkej škole dní"
See also
The 100 Greatest Slovak Albums of All Time
References
1987 albums
Tublatanka albums
Capsela is a construction toy brand consisting primarily of gears and motors in spherical plastic capsules that can be connected to form various static or dynamic toys suitable for land or water. The capsules typically have six hollow octagonal connectors protruding, where an octagonal sleeve piece bridges between two capsules. The hollow connection pegs on a capsule can have electrical or rotary adapters inside, reaching into the next capsule. There are electric motor capsules, gear capsules, switch capsules, pontoon capsules, and others; there are also battery holders, wheels, propellers, impellers, lights, wires, and miscellaneous supporting pieces.
Capsela products were originally manufactured by the Mitsubishi Pencil Company.
Product line
Capsela products were originally sold in at least four ranges:
A series of increasingly complex generic construction sets, similar in style to Meccano or Lego Technic. (Sets 135, 150, 200, 250, 400, 450, 500, 700 and 1000, ranging from 30 to 108 parts.)
Capsela Computer, the flagship range, based around a multi-function computer capsule capable of controlling motors and lights. Sets CRC2000 and ICR5000, the latter featuring an infrared remote control.
Capsela Voice Command systems (3000 and 6000) have a small computer capable of responding to a number of voice commands. The 6000 system has a rudimentary wireless infrared remote control.
A sister product branded as SpaceLink, has no motorized parts (with the exception of spring powered wheel units) and instead focuses on science fiction-themed accessories (cockpits, small action figures, rockets, etc.). This range appears to have been designed to be more appealing to children than the more educational original products. This includes sets 330, 345, 360, 610, 650, 670, 690, 805, 820, 835, 850, 860 and 895, ranging from 8 to 53 parts.
Capsela Powertram, a series designed to bridge Capsela and Spacelink, containing motor-driven construction components and Spacelink accessories. The Powertram unit is a motor driven platform which houses its own batteries and allows land vehicles to be constructed without the need for a separate switch box, battery compartments, wires and motors. This includes sets 275 and 375, with 26 and 42 parts respectively.
Robot (set 204) – this set comes with a worm gear capsule with a larger gear ratio.
Robotic Workshop
In January 1987, Access Software announced The Robotic Workshop, a kit designed for home computers that used a range of Capsela parts. The kit includes more than 50 Capsela parts, including two motors, gears, wheels, and sensors. The kit also includes an electronic control unit that plugs into the user port of a Commodore 64, an instruction manual with 50 tutorial projects, and special programming software on a floppy disk. It was later released for Apple, Atari, and IBM computers.
Use in schools
Capsela has been used in school science technology classes, and to promote technical careers in engineering, robotics, and mechatronics to younger high school students, sometimes specifically targeting girls.
References
1980s toys
Construction toys
Educational toys
Electronic toys
The Australian golden whistler (Pachycephala pectoralis) or golden whistler, is a species of bird found in forest, woodland, mallee, mangrove and scrub in Australia (except the interior and most of the north) Most populations are resident, but some in south-eastern Australia migrate north during the winter. Its taxonomy is highly complex and remains a matter of dispute, with some authorities including as many as 59 subspecies of the golden whistler (one of the highest numbers of subspecies in any bird), while others treat several of these as separate species.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Australian golden whistler was originally described in the genus Muscicapa by the English ornithologist John Latham in 1801.
Subspecies
The taxonomy of the golden whistler complex is difficult, and remains a matter of dispute. Some authorities include a wide range of – often strikingly different – taxa from Indonesia, East Timor, Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, Vanuatu and Fiji as subspecies of P. pectoralis, in which case the combined species simply is known as the golden whistler (a common name sometimes also used exclusively for the Australian species).
Presently, six remaining subspecies are recognized:
P. p. pectoralis - (Latham, 1801): Found in eastern Australia
Norfolk golden whistler (P. p. xanthoprocta) - Gould, 1838: Originally described as a separate species. Found on Norfolk Island (Australia).
Lord Howe golden whistler (P. p. contempta) - Hartert, 1898: Originally described as a separate species. Found on Lord Howe Island (Australia).
P. p. youngi - Mathews, 1912: Found in south-eastern Australia
P. p. glaucura - Gould, 1845: Originally described as a separate species. Found in Tasmania and the Bass Strait Islands (Australia)
P. p. fuliginosa - Vigors & Horsfield, 1827: Originally described as a separate species. Found in south-central Australia
Some authorities also consider the following related species as subspecies of the Australian golden whistler:
Rusty-breasted (fulvous-tinted) whistler from south-western Wallacea, Bali and Java in Indonesia.
Yellow-throated whistler from central and south-eastern Wallacea.
Baliem whistler from west-central New Guinea.
Black-chinned whistler from North Maluku in Indonesia.
Bismarck whistler from the Bismarck and Louisiade Archipelagos in Papua New Guinea.
Oriole whistler from the Solomons (except Santa Cruz Islands), and the islands of Bougainville and Buka in far eastern Papua New Guinea.
Fiji whistler from central and northern islands in Fiji.
White-throated whistler from southern islands in Fiji, and the central and northern Santa Cruz Islands in the Solomons.
Additionally, all except the nominate subspecies of the Melanesian whistler are sometimes included as subspecies of P. pectoralis (in which case P. caledonica is known as the New Caledonian whistler). Historically even the New Caledonian, Tongan and Samoan whistler have been treated as subspecies of P. pectoralis. Strong published evidence in favour of either treatment is limited, and further study is warranted to resolve the situation.
Description
The male has a bright yellow underside and nape, olive-green back and wings, a black head and chest-band, and a white throat. A notable exception is the Norfolk golden whistler (P. p. xanthoprocta) where the plumage of the male is female-like. In Australia females are overall dull brownish-grey, though some have yellowish undertail coverts. Both sexes have a black bill, dark legs and red-brown eyes.
Australian golden whistlers have a strong, musical voice.
Distribution and habitat
The Australian golden whistler can be found in almost any wooded habitat, especially dense forests. It eats berries, insects, spiders, and other small arthropods. They usually feed alone and obtain food from the lower to middle tree level, or they may alternatively take part in mixed-species feeding flocks.
Behaviour
This species breeds between September and January. Male and female both work on the nest, which is a shallow bowl made of twigs, grass, and bark, and bound together with spider web. Only one brood is raised per season and both birds share incubation and care of young. Eggs hatch 15 days after they are laid and the young leave the nest after 12 days.
Status
The Australian golden whistler is considered to be of the least concern, and it is generally described as common to fairly common.
The Norfolk golden whistler (P. p. xanthoprocta) declined for many years due to habitat loss and fragmentation and possibly also due to introduced predators such as the black rat. Most of the population is now restricted to the Norfolk Island National Park. This has resulted in it being listed as vulnerable by the Australian Government. Another island subspecies, the Lord Howe golden whistler (P. p. contempta) remains common, but was listed as vulnerable by the Australian Government due to its small range. It is not listed anymore.
References
External links
Golden whistler videos, photos & sounds on the Internet Bird Collection
Australian golden whistler
Australian golden whistler
Birds of the Maluku Islands
Birds of the Lesser Sunda Islands
Birds of Melanesia
Australian golden whistler
Articles containing video clips
The 2015–16 season was the 84th season in Granada history and the 22nd in the top-tier.
Players
Current squad
Out on loan
Competitions
Overall
Overview
La Liga
League table
Results summary
Result round by round
Matches
See also
2015–16 La Liga
External links
Club's official website
Granada CF seasons
Granada CF
SCORE Class 7SX is a stock production Mini Pickup class that competes in the SCORE off-road race series races including the Baja 1000, Baja 500, Baja Sur 500, San Felipe 250, and the SCORE Desert Challenge.
This class is a stock production class and all components must remain stock except those modifications allowed.
Vehicle Description
Built from a two or four-wheel drive mini or mid-sized pickup truck. Engine displacement may not exceed 4000cc.
Vehicles must have been series produced in quantities of at least 5000 units within a 12-month period and be readily available to the general public in the U.S.A. Vehicle must be marketed as mini or mid-sized pickups.
Class Requirements
Engine
Engine must be of the same manufacturer, basic design with a maximum of 6 cylinders.
Suspension
Suspension must be of the same basic design and concept as originally produced. Suspension parts may be strengthened, reinforced or replaced.
Body
Body must maintain original shape, size, configuration and appearance. Vehicles must weight 3000lbs minimum.
References
SCORE International (2011). "2011-2015 Off-Road Racing Rules and Regulations".
SCORE International. " 2009 New Classes & Existing Class Rule Amendments"
External links
Official SCORE International website
Official SCORE International Journal
Official SCORE International Carbon TV channel
Rik Van Steenbergen (9 September 1924 – 15 May 2003) was a Belgian racing cyclist, considered to be one of the best among the great number of successful Belgian cyclists.
Early life
Van Steenbergen was born in Arendonk into a poor family. He worked as an errand boy and a cigar-roller. He began racing at 16 and became one of Belgium's best juniors from 1940 to 1942.
Career
He started cycling as a professional during World War II in 1942, after being an amateur since he was 14. The next year, he won his first important races, and became Belgian road cycling champion. In 1944, he won the Tour of Flanders Classic, which he won again two years later.
During his career, which lasted until 1966, Van Steenbergen won several more classics: Paris–Roubaix, Paris–Brussels and Milan–San Remo. He also won the World Road Cycling Championships three times (1949 Copenhagen, 1956 Copenhagen and 1957 Waregem), equalling the (still standing) record of Alfredo Binda. His last world title, a year after his second, was won in front of a home crowd. In addition, he placed third in the first post-war championships in 1946. He held the Ruban Jaune for seven years for winning the 1948 Paris-Roubaix in a record average speed for a professional race, covering the 246 km at an average of 43.612 km per hour.
Van Steenbergen also excelled on the track, and won 40 Six-day events, and improved two world records. His track capabilities made him an excellent road sprinter. However, he usually had difficulty climbing, which prevented him from winning major stage races. He nevertheless placed 2nd in the 1951 Giro d'Italia. Some suggest he could have competed for victory in stage races had he concentrated on them, instead of racing almost every race he could enter. It is estimated Van Steenbergen won slightly fewer than 1000 races, though accounts differ widely.
Career achievements
Highlights
3 World Road Cycling Championships (1949, 1956, 1957)
8 major classics wins (Tour of Flanders x 2, Paris–Roubaix x 2, La Flèche Wallonne x 2, Paris–Brussels, Milan–San Remo)
7 Belgian Road Championships
4 Stage wins in the Tour de France
15 Stage wins in the Giro d'Italia (including second overall 1951)
6 Stage wins in the Vuelta a España
6 European Track Championships
40 Six Day wins
9 Belgian Track Championships
Major results
Source:
1942
National Road Championships
1st interclubs road race
1943
National Road Championships
1st Road race
1st interclubs road race
1st Championship of Flanders
1944
1st Tour of Flanders
1945
National Road Championships
1st Road race
1st Halle–Ingooigem
1st Across Flanders
1946
UCI Road World Championships
3rd Road race
1st Tour of Flanders
1st Tour des Quatre-Cantons
1947
Tour de Luxembourg
1st Stage 4
1st GP de Soignies
1948
1st Paris–Roubaix
1st Critérium des As
1949
UCI Road World Championships
1st Road race
Tour de France
1st Stages 12 & 21
1st La Flèche Wallonne
1st Tour of Limburg
1950
1st Paris–Brussels
1st Grand Prix d'Europe
1951
2nd Overall Giro d'Italia
1st Stages 1 & 15
Held after Stages 1, 7, & 13–17
1st overall Tour de l'Ouest
1st Stage 2, 4 and 7
1st Grand Prix d'Europe
3rd Paris–Roubaix
1952
Giro d'Italia
1st Stages 6, 9 & 10
Tour de France
1st Stage 1
Held after Stages 1–2
1st Paris–Roubaix
Roma–Napoli–Roma
1st Stage 4
1st Critérium des As
1st overall Vuelta a la Argentina
1st Stages 1, 8, 12 & 13
1953
Giro d'Italia
1st Stage 9
1954
National Road Championships
1st Road race
Giro d'Italia
1st Stages 5, 16, 17 & 22
1st Milan–San Remo
3rd Roma–Napoli–Roma
1955
Tour de France
1st Stage 16
1st Critérium des As
3rd Tour of Flanders
1956
UCI Road World Championships
1st Road race
Vuelta a España
1st Stages 1, 7, 8, 11, 14 & 17
5th Overall
1st Points classification
Tour de l'Ouest
1st Stage 8
1st Acht van Chaam
2nd Critérium des As
3rd Paris-Brussels
1957
UCI Road World Championships
1st Road race
Giro d'Italia
1st Stages 1, 11, 17b, 20 & 21
Roma–Napoli–Roma
1st Stages 1b and 5b
1st Critérium des As
2nd Paris-Roubaix
1958
1st La Flèche Wallonne
Tour of the Netherlands
Winner Stage 4a
1st Acht van Chaam
1st Critérium des As
1959
National Road Championships
1st interclubs road race
Tour de l'Ouest
1st Stage 3
2nd Milan-San Remo
1960
1st Acht van Chaam
1961
National Road Championships
1st interclubs team time trial
1st Elfstedenronde
2nd Critérium des As
1962
National Road Championships
1st interclubs team time trial
Records
Most UCI World Road Championships: 3 in 1967, 1971 & 1974 (shared record)
Most Critérium des As wins: 5 in 1948, 1952, 1955, 1957 & 1958
Retirement
After his cycling career he entered a dark period. He was named in connection with many unsavory practices. He had a gambling addiction and was suspected of drug trafficking, conspiracy and incitement to debauchery.
During this period, in 1968, he also starred in the Belgian adult movie Pandore as the character Dimitri. The movie tells the story of an industrialist who neglects his young wife. The couple is looking for solace in extramarital relationships. They make a trip to Greece to save their relationship, but over there the woman pays more attention to Dimitri, a local fisherman. In the context of that era the movie was a sensational, provocative, scandal movie.
Van Steenbergen also ended up in jail for a while. He came close to prison for smuggling a suspect package over the Dutch border. But his marriage with the British Doreen Hewitt saved him from ruin and he got his life back on track.
Death and commemoration
Rik Van Steenbergen died in Antwerp after a prolonged sickness, at the age of 78. The funeral was in the Sint Pauluskerk of Westmalle, attended by about 2000 people, including Eddy Merckx, Rik Van Looy, Roger De Vlaeminck, Walter Godefroot, Johan De Muynck, Lucien Van Impe, Freddy Maertens and Briek Schotte. The UCI president Hein Verbruggen and Belgian prime minister Guy Verhofstadt also attended.
The following year, a statue was erected in his honour on the Wampenberg in Arendonk.
Awards and honours
Ruban Jaune: 1948
Most succesfull World Cycling Champion (3x gold, 1x bronze), record shared with Alfredo Binda and Óscar Freire
Swiss AIOCC Trophy: 1967
GP Rik Van Steenbergen: from 1991
Introduced in the UCI Hall of Fame: 2002
Statue in Arendonk: 2004
UCI Top 100 of All Time: 4,900 points
Books
Walter Rottiers: Rik Van Steenbergen. Das Ass der Asse. Bielefeld, Covadonga-Verlag, 2005. 144 p. (German)
Rik van Steenbergen: Geschiedenis der Kruistochten. Rebo Productions. 1987 203 p. (Flemish)
Fred De Bruyne: Rik van Steenbergen. Mechelen, Uitgave G. Kolff, 1963. (Flemish)
See also
Memorial Rik Van Steenbergen
References
External links
Official Tour de France results for Rik Van Steenbergen
1924 births
2003 deaths
Belgian male cyclists
Belgian Tour de France stage winners
UCI Road World Champions (elite men)
Belgian Giro d'Italia stage winners
Belgian Vuelta a España stage winners
Cyclists from Antwerp Province
People from Arendonk
The Bernède quartet was a French string quartet established in 1963 in Paris and disestablished in 1991.
Members
First violin
Jean-Claude Bernède (1935–1991)
Second violin
Jacques Prat (1963–1967)
Gérard Montmayeur (1967–1970)
Marcel Charpentier (1970–)
Viola
Bruno Pasquier (1963–1967)
Guy Chêne (1967–1970)
Michel Laléouse (1970–)
Serge Collot (1923–2015)
Cello
Paul Boufil (1963-1976)
Jean-Claude Ribéra (1976-1979)
Pierre Penassou (1925–2000)
Premieres
Quartet nº 3 by Claude Ballif
Entre la fumée et le cristal, for vibraphone and string quartet, Op.13 by in 1989
Quatuor nº 2 by Michel Philippot
Works by Xenakis
References
External links
Quatuor Bernède on data.bnf.fr
Le Quatuor Bernède on Discogs
Quatuor Bernède on Rate your music
Fauré Piano Quartet No1 in C minor Op.15 - Samson François and quatuor Bernède on YouTube
Bernede
Organizations disestablished in 1991
Thinking and Destiny by Harold W. Percival on "The law of thought". Its basic premise is that thinking creates karma or destiny. The book shows how to perfect our thinking and learn how to think without creating thoughts.
Ideas
The book is based on what Percival called “The law of thought.” It was produced over a period of 34 years and has 14 chapters, each with sections. Percival also provides succinct definitions of many words, from Accident and Alcoholism to Wrong, as they are used in his book. In Thinking and Destiny he offers a complete cosmology of the universe, with ideas such as the universe having nature and intelligent sides. Percival defines the nature side of the universe, in part, as an unintelligent mechanism through which units that are conscious only as their functions become self-conscious intelligences by means of what he termed “The Eternal Order of Progression.”
The Law of Thought
In Thinking and Destiny, Percival explains how all of life's lessons are the result of our own thinking and can be used to learn what to do and what not to do, and that we can perfect our thinking and learn how to think without creating thoughts. Thinking without creating thoughts is said to be the way to stop creating karma or destiny. Thinking is shown to be the cause and solution to reincarnation, otherwise known as the wheel of birth, life and death. Percival leaves it to the reader to choose what to do with the often startling information provided and assures that the lessons will be learned eventually.
Conscious of Consciousness
In his foreword to the book, the author explained that his experiences of being “conscious of Consciousness” allowed him to focus the Conscious Light within on subjects to see their essence. He further stated that the book was dictated because it was difficult to do this kind of thinking and write at the same time. While the contents of Thinking and Destiny are from no other book or body of authority, he indicated that the authority for the truth in the book is in the reader who can judge the statements by the truth that is in him or her. To be able to think in this concentrated way and to be “conscious of Consciousness” are shown to be potentially within the grasp of all humans.
The Great Way
In a postscript to Thinking and Destiny it is stated that the most one person can do for another is to tell him or her that there is the Great Way, as shown in the book. The Great Way is how and where the human body is transformed into an immortal body. The author offers specific information for the few who really want it, and shows why each person must do the work in life, not after death. The individual will embrace the ideas or put them off, but death remains the cost of life until conscious immortality is attained. The truth is faced as a matter of honesty and courage.
The Word Foundation
In 1950 Harold W. Percival established The Word Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization, to keep Thinking and Destiny and all of his other works in print and to share with the people of the world what he called “the royal good news” about the doer said to be indwelling in every human body. Three of his other books expanded on themes from Thinking and Destiny. They are: Man and Woman and Child, Democracy Is Self-Government, and Masonry and Its Symbols.
Contents
Introduction
The Purpose and Plan of the Universe
Objections to the Law of Thought
Operation of the Law of Thought
Physical Destiny
Psychic Destiny
Mental Destiny
Noetic Destiny
Re-existence
Gods and their Religions
The Great Way
The Point or Circle
The Circle or Zodiac
Thinking: the Way to Conscious Immortality
Editions
Thinking and Destiny, by Harold W. Percival, was originally published by The Word Publishing Company, New York in 1946 and is now in its fourteenth printing. Its subtitle is: “With a Brief Account of the Descent of Man into this Human World, and, How He Will Return to the Eternal Order of Progression.” To support the text, Percival included sections for Symbols, Illustrations and Charts and Definitions of Terms and Phrases as they are used in the book.
Influence
Percival's works were noted as a major influence upon Richard Matheson, the famous author and screenwriter. He said that his book The Path was based largely on Thinking and Destiny.
In the book, The Bhagavad Gita: The Song of the Exalted Self, 1999, by Owen Slight, the author states that Harold W. Percival's Thinking and Destiny, like the Bhagavad Gita, reveals relevant, instructive and long lasting lessons regarding the higher self and the human plight—long lost lessons of everlasting truth contained both in the Sanskrit Bhagavad Gita and Thinking and Destiny. Both books contain complete systems of knowledge. The plight of Arjuna is shown by Percival to be our own.
References
Further reading
Percival, Harold W., Thinking and Destiny, The Word Foundation, Inc. Fourteenth Printing, 2010
External links
The Word Foundation
Conceptions of self
Collective intelligence
Metaphysics
Reasoning
Jonathan Vankin is an American author, journalist and comic book writer/editor.
Biography
Vankin is best known for his books Conspiracies, Cover-Ups and Crimes and, with co-writer John Whalen, the Greatest Conspiracies series, beginning in 1995 with The 50 Greatest Conspiracies of All Time. The latter has now been through four updated editions in addition to the original, the latest being The World's Greatest Conspiracies in 2010. In 2005 Vankin and Whalen co-authored a second book, Based on a True Story (But With More Car Crashes), a comparison of 100 films that purported to be "based on a true story," with the actual events that inspired the fictionalized screenplays.
Most recently, Vankin wrote the book Close To Zero: How Donald Trump fulfilled his apocalyptic vision and paid his debt to Putin with a devastating biological warfare attack on America, an account of Donald Trump's response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The Daily Kos said of the book "If that makes it seem as if this book is going to pull no punches, that's right. And it shouldn't. Because, as the contents make clear, Trump didn't just fail to provide for the nation in the face of a deadly pandemic, he deliberately failed. Making this the greatest crime in modern American history."
Vankin co-wrote the book for the Off Broadway musical Forever Dusty, based on the life of British pop star Dusty Springfield. His co-writer in this case was Kirsten Holly Smith who also performed the lead role of Dusty Springfield in the Off Broadway production.
Vankin has also written comic books. His graphic novel, Tokyo Days, Bangkok Nights was published in January, 2009. Also in 2009, he collaborated with co-writer and illustrator Arnold Pander on the graphic novel Tasty Bullet, published by Image Comics.
He wrote the Vertigo Comics series The Witching in 2004-2005 and the DC Comics series The Brightest Day Aftermath: The Search For Swamp Thing in 2011. The latter series is notable for featuring the first appearance by Vertigo Comics character John Constantine outside of a Vertigo-branded comic since the early 1990s.
Again collaborating with Whalen, Vankin has written for the 1999 TV series The Crow: Stairway to Heaven.
Vankin was senior editor at Vertigo Comics, concentrating on original graphic novels from 2004 - 2011. He was responsible for the graphic novel The Quitter which brought Harvey Pekar to Vertigo Comics. He later edited two new volumes of Pekar's American Splendor series. He also acquired and shepherded the critically acclaimed graphic novel Incognegro written by Mat Johnson as well as The Green Woman written by renowned horror author Peter Straub and actor/writer Michael Easton.
Vankin, formerly a news editor of San Jose, California's Metro newspaper, is a graduate of Brandeis University.
Bibliography
Close To Zero: How Donald Trump fulfilled his apocalyptic vision and paid his debt to Putin with a devastating biological warfare attack on America Twilight of the Idols Inc., 2021, )
The Fifty Greatest Conspiracies of All Time: History's Biggest Mysteries, Coverups, and Cabals (with John Whalen, Citadel Press, 1994, )
Conspiracies, Cover-Ups and Crimes (Illuminet, 1996, )
The Big Book of (with various artists, Paradox Press):
The Big Book of Scandal: Trashy but True Tales from the Tawdry Worlds of Celebrity, High Society, Politics, and Big Business! (1998, )
The Big Book of Grimm (1999, )
The Big Book of the 70's (2000, )
Tokyo Days, Bangkok Nights trade paperback (with artists Seth Fisher, Giuseppe Camuncoli & Shawn Martinbrough, Vertigo/DC Comics, January 2009, )
The 80 Greatest Conspiracies of All Time (with John Whalen, Citadel Press, 2004, )
The Witching #1-10 (with Leigh Gallagher, Vertigo, 2004–2005)
Based on a True Story: Fact and Fantasy in 100 Favorite Movies (with John Whalen, Chicago Review Press, 2005, )
Notes
References
Aspire to Conspire: Author Jonathan Vankin has a theory, David Templeton, Metro Silicon Valley, August 14, 1997 (originally from the August 14–20, 1997 issue of the Sonoma County Independent)
External links
Forever Dusty web site
Forever Dusty Facebook page
Conspire (archived at Internet Archive)
Vertigo Pop! Tokyo - An Interview with Jonathan Vankin, Adam Arnold, AnimeFringe, October, 2002
, Keith Dallas, Comics Bulletin, February 11, 2008
American writers
American journalists
American comics writers
American print editors
Comic book editors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brandeis University alumni
Gorban is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Gorban, Gura Bohotin, Podu Hagiului, Scoposeni and Zberoaia.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Populated places on the Prut
Moonfire may refer to:
The book originally published as Of a Fire on the Moon (1970) by Norman Mailer, later republished as Moonfire (2009)
An American action adventure film called Moonfire (1973)
A music album called Moonfire (2011) by rock band Boy & Bear
Guni (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kazbekovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 3,101 as of 2010. There are 59 streets.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
Geography
Guni is located 7 km southeast of Dylym (the district's administrative centre) by road. Khubar and Gertma are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Kazbekovsky District
Kosmos 391 ( meaning Cosmos 391), also known as DS-P1-I No.11 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1971 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme.
Launch
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket, from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk. The launch occurred at 12:00:00 UTC on 14 January 1971.
Orbit
Kosmos 391 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 70.9 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 95.3 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 21 February 1971.
Kosmos 391 was the tenth of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the seventh.
See also
1971 in spaceflight
References
1971 in spaceflight
Kosmos satellites
1971 in the Soviet Union
Spacecraft launched in 1971
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Watercolor Painting in a Rainy Day 2 () is a 1993 South Korean film, the sequel of Watercolor Painting in a Rainy Day (1989).
Plot
Ji-su is finally released from jail and reunites with his stepsister Ji-hyeon. However his father had dark secret that neither of them knew before; both Ji-su and Ji-hyeon are half-siblings.
Cast
Ok So-ri
Lee Geung-young
Kim Myeong-su
Kim Seok-hun
Kim In-moon
Lee Nak-hoon
Gwak Chan
Park Cheol-gu
Park Sang-ah
Kim Ji-young
External links
Watercolor Painting in a Rainy Day 2 Cine 21 (Korean)
Incest in film
South Korean romantic drama films
1993 films
South Korean sequel films
1990s Korean-language films
Films directed by Kwak Jae-yong
Chetthathirat (, ) or Borommaracha II (; 1613 – 1629) was the eldest son of King Song Tham and older brother of Athittayawong and Phra Sisin or Phra Phanpi Sisin (), all three of the House of Sukhothai. In childhood he was known as Chetthakuman (พระเชษฐากุมาร), meaning 'Chettha the Infant', or simply Chettha.
Reign
Chetthathirat reigned for a period of around a year, after the death of his father, according to Songtham's wishes, and conveyed to Okya Sri Vorawong () or Phraya Siworawong – an influential royal page. The events were detailed by Jeremias van Vliet.
The king's last wish, however, was objected to by some leaders in the kingdom, including the Kalahom Chaophraya Maha Senabodi. Siworawong gained supporters in the government, and even used the services of Yamada Nagamasa the Okya Senaphimok (). Upon king Songtham's death, Chetthathirat took the throne and Siworawong arrested and executed those who had been opposed to the idea. The king was made Siworawong as Okya Kalahom Siworawong () or Chaophraya Kalahom.
Siworawong then induced Phra Sisin, who had entered the priesthood, to come to the palace with his followers. Siworawong captured him and ordered his execution. However, Chetthathirat spared his life but exiled him to Phetchaburi. Later Chetthathirat did execute Phra Sisin, when he plotted rebellion.
Death
Upon the death of Siworawong's mother, he held a grand cremation ceremony over several days, attended by every government servant. This jealously infuriated the king who was attempting to conduct government business, and punished those servants. Siworawong sought to protect those servants and they vowed their support in opposing the monarch. They attacked the palace, captured the king and executed him. The throne was given to his younger brother Phra Athittayawong.
References
1613 births
1629 deaths
Sukhothai Dynasty
Kings of Ayutthaya
17th-century monarchs in Asia
Executed monarchs
Thai male Chao Fa
Princes of Ayutthaya
Executed children
17th-century Thai people
The 1971 Bexley Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Bexley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
In mathematics education, a representation is a way of encoding an idea or a relationship, and can be both internal (e.g., mental construct) and external (e.g., graph). Thus multiple representations are ways to symbolize, to describe and to refer to the same mathematical entity. They are used to understanding, to develop, and to communicate different mathematical features of the same object or operation, as well as connections between different properties. Multiple representations include graphs and diagrams, tables and grids, formulas, symbols, words, gestures, software code, videos, concrete models, physical and virtual manipulatives, pictures, and sounds. Representations are thinking tools for doing mathematics.
Higher-order thinking
The use of multiple representations supports and requires tasks that involve decision-making and other problem-solving skills. The choice of which representation to use, the task of making representations given other representations, and the understanding of how changes in one representation affect others are examples of such mathematically sophisticated activities. Estimation, another complex task, can strongly benefit from multiple representations
Curricula that support starting from conceptual understanding, then developing procedural fluency, for example, AIMS Foundation Activities, frequently use multiple representations.
Supporting student use of multiple representations may lead to more open-ended problems, or at least accepting multiple methods of solutions and forms of answers. Project-based learning units, such as WebQuests, typically call for several representations.
Motivation
Some representations, such as pictures, videos and manipulatives, can motivate because of their richness, possibilities of play, use of technologies, or connections with interesting areas of life. Tasks that involve multiple representations can sustain intrinsic motivation in mathematics, by supporting higher-order thinking and problem-solving.
Multiple representations may also remove some of the gender biases that exist in math classrooms. For example, explaining probability solely through baseball statistics may potentially alienate students who have no interest in sports. When showing a tie to real-life applications, teachers should choose representations that are varied and of interest to all genders and cultures.
Assessment
Tasks that involve construction, use, and interpretation of multiple representations can lend themselves to rubric assessment, and other assessment types suitable for open-ended activities. For example, tapping into visualization for math problem-solving manifests multiple representations. These multiple representations arise when each student uses their knowledge base and experience—to create a visualization of the problem domain on the way toward a solution. Since visualization can be categorized into two main areas, schematic or pictorial, most students will make use of one method, or sometimes both methods to represent the problem domain.
Comparison of the different visualization tools created by each student is an excellent example of multiple representations. Further, the instructor may glean from these examples elements which they incorporate into their grading rubric. In this way, it is the students that provide the examples and standards against which scoring is done. This crucial factor places each student on equal footing and links them directly with their performance in class.
Special education and differentiated instruction
Students with special needs may be weaker in their use of some of the representations. For these students, it may be especially important to use multiple representations for two purposes. First, including representations that currently work well for the student ensures the understanding of the current mathematical topic. Second, connections among multiple representations within the same topic strengthens overall skills in using all representations, even those currently problematic.
It is also helpful to ESL/ELL (English as a Second Language/English Language Learners) to use multiple representations. The more one can bring a concept to "life" in a visual way, the more likely the students will grasp what the teacher is talking about. This is also important with younger students, who may have not had a lot of experience or prior knowledge on the topics that are being taught.
Using multiple representations can help differentiate instruction by addressing different learning styles,.
Qualitative and quantitative reasoning
Visual representations, manipulatives, gestures, and to some degree grids, can support qualitative reasoning about mathematics. Instead of only emphasizing computational skills, multiple representations can help students make the conceptual shift to the meaning and use of, and to develop algebraic thinking. By focusing more on the conceptual representations of algebraic problems, students have a better chance of improving their problem-solving skills.
NCTM representations standard
National Council of Teachers of Mathematics has a standard dealing with multiple representations. In part, it reads
"Instructional programs should enable all students to do the following:
Create and use representations to organize, record, and communicate mathematical ideas
Select, apply, and translate among mathematical representations to solve problems
Use representations to model and interpret physical, social, and mathematical phenomena"
Four most frequent school mathematics representations
While there are many representations used in mathematics, the secondary curricula heavily favor numbers (often in tables), formulas, graphs and words.
Systems of manipulatives
Several curricula use extensively developed systems of manipulatives and the corresponding representations. For example, Cuisinaire rods, Montessori beads , Algebra Tiles, Base-10 blocks, counters.
Use of technology
Use of computer tools to create and to share mathematical representations opens several possibilities. It allows linking multiple representations dynamically. For example, changing a formula can instantly change the graph, the table of values, and the text read-out for the function represented in all these ways. Technology use can increase accuracy and speed of data collection and allow real-time visualization and experimentation. It also supports collaboration.
Computer tools may be intrinsically interesting and motivating to students, and provide a familiar and comforting context students already use in their daily life.
Spreadsheet software such as Excel, LibreOffice Calc, Google Sheets, is widely used in many industries, and showing students the use of applications can make math more realistic. Most spreadsheet programs provide dynamic links among formulas, grids and several types of graphs.
Carnegie Learning curriculum is an example of emphasis on
multiple representations and use of computer tools. More specifically, Carnegie learning focuses the student not only on solving the real life scenarios presented in the text, but also promotes literacy through sentence writing and explanations of student thinking. In conjunction with the scenario based text Carnegie Learning provides a web based tutoring program called the "Cognitive Tutor" which uses data collected from each question a student answers to direct the student to areas where they need more help.
GeoGebra is free software dynamically linking geometric constructions, graphs, formulas, and grids. It can be used in a browser and is light enough for older or low-end computers.
Project Interactivate has many activities linking visual, verbal and numeric representations. There are currently 159 different activities available, in many areas of math, including numbers and operations, probability, geometry, algebra, statistics and modeling.
Another helpful tool for mathematicians, scientists, engineers is LaTeX. It is a typesetting program that allows one to create tables, figures, graphs etc, and to provide one with a precise visual of the problem being worked on.
Concerns
There are concerns that technology for working with multiple representations can become an end in itself, thereby distracting the students from the actual mathematical content.
Additionally, it is also objected that care should be taken, so that informal representations do not prevent students from progressing toward formal, symbolic mathematics.
See also
Heuristic
References
Mathematics education
Ómar Ingi Magnússon (born 12 March 1997) is an Icelandic handball player for SC Magdeburg and the Icelandic national handball team. In 2021, he was named the Icelandic Sportsperson of the Year.
Club career
In summer 2014 he switched over to Valur where he was supposed to be a part of the youth setup. He soon started to break through to the first team and earned a squad role, at age 17. He played there until 2016 when he transferred to the Danish club Aarhus Håndbold after an impressive season in Iceland where he was chosen young player of the year. At the beginning of the 2018/19 season in Denmark he transferred to league rivals Aalborg Håndbold, joining fellow nationals Janus Daði Smárason, Arnór Atlason and coach Aron Kristjánsson. With Aalborg he won the Danish Cup competition in 2018 and the Danish championship in 2019 and 2020. For the 2020/21 season he moved to the German Bundesliga club SC Magdeburg. With Magdeburg he won the EHF European League in 2021 and the IHF Super Globe in 2021. He was the top scorer in the Handball-Bundesliga 2020/21, with 274 goals. His superb performance in 2021 earned him the award of Icelandic Sportsperson of the Year. In 2022 he got a silver medal in EHF European League, and became German Champion with Magdeburg. He was voted MVP in the Handball-Bundesliga 2021/22.
International career
He participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship. On 22 January 2022, he scored 10 goals in a 29-21 victory against France in the 2022 European Men's Handball Championship, despite Iceland missing eight players due to Covid-19. It was also France's biggest loss in the history of the European championship.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Omar Ingi Magnusson
Omar Ingi Magnusson
Omar Ingi Magnusson
UMF Selfoss handball players
Valur men's handball players
SC Magdeburg players
Norman Field (27 August 1927 – 1993) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1927 births
1993 deaths
English footballers
Association football midfielders
English Football League players
Portsmouth F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Express Train may refer to:
Express train, a train making a limited number of stops
Express trains in India, a type of trains in India
Express Train, a model for the peopling of Polynesia by Austronesian peoples
Cape Kaiser () is the north end of Lecointe Island, lying just east of Brabant Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica. It was discovered by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1897–99, under Gerlache, and named by him for a supporter of the expedition.
References
Headlands of the Palmer Archipelago
Philip E. Eaton (born 1936) is a Professor Emeritus of Chemistry at the University of Chicago. He and his fellow researchers were the first to synthesize the "impossible" cubane molecule in 1964.
Working with Mao-Xi Zhang he is reported as having been the first to make octanitrocubane (their paper was published in the year 2003) Because of its eight nitro groups and highly strained C-C bonds - octanitrocubane is a very powerful high explosive.
Early years
Philip E. Eaton was born in 1936 in Brooklyn, New York. When Eaton was seven his family relocated to Budd Lake, New Jersey. Here he began attending Roxbury Grammar School and later Roxbury High School. It was during these high school years that he began to find his passion for science. It was the support of his parents and teachers that made him decide to major in chemistry.
Education
Eaton attended Princeton University seeking a major in chemistry. Eaton received his B.A. in 1957 before attending Harvard University and earning his M.A. in 1960 and Ph.D. in 1961. During his time in school he became familiar with cage chemistry, specifically Kepone.
Teaching Experience
Upon graduating from Harvard Eaton accepted an assistant professorship position at the University of California, Berkeley. During this time he taught introductory organic chemistry. In 1962, he transferred to the University of Chicago where he remains today.
Research
After arriving at University of Chicago Eaton began his research which he is now most well known for, cubane synthesis. In 1964 Eaton and Thomas W. Cole Jr. synthesized the "impossible" cubane molecule. It was given this name because of its unusual cubic geometry. Many scientists believed that the 90 degree bond-angles would be too strained to allow this molecule to form. He later studied larger prismanes.
Awards
Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Fellow (1963)
Research Award, Rohm and Haas Company (1975)
Alexander von Humboldt Prize (1985)
Alan Berman Research Rublication Award, Naval Research Laboratory, U.S. Navy (1995)
Arthur C. Cope Scholar Award, American Chemical Society (1997)
References
External links
Home page at Chicago University
http://www.synarchive.com/syn/14
http://chronicle.uchicago.edu/000302/octa.shtml
1936 births
Living people
University of Chicago faculty
Organic chemists
Harvard University alumni
Princeton University alumni
People from Brooklyn
Parankylosauria is a group of basal ankylosaurian dinosaurs known from the Cretaceous of South America, Antarctica, and Australia. It is thought the group split from other ankylosaurs during the mid-Jurassic period, despite this being unpreserved in the fossil record.
History of research
During the Mesozoic era, the southern continents (South America, Antarctica, Australia, and Africa in addition to India and Zealandia) were unified into a supercontinent known as Gondwana. This was in contrast to the supercontinent of Laurasia in the Northern Hemisphere, with both originating from the breakup of Pangaea. Gondwana itself gradually split apart over the course of the Jurassic and Cretaceous eras. Ankylosaurian dinosaurs from Laurasia have historically been far more extensively recorded and studied. Reports of the group in Gondwana date back to 1904, with a specimen from Australia and include referrals of Loricosaurus, Lametasaurus, and Brachypodosaurus to group among assorted fragmentary material. Much of this material including would later be shown to be misidentified and not belonging to ankylosaurs, including the named genera. The first definitive ankylosaur to be recognized from Gondwana was discovered in Australia in 1964 and later named in 1980 as Minmi paravertebra. The validity of this taxon, as well, has been challenged, though it is remains recognized as an ankylosaurian. The possibility of a biogeographic connection between South America and ankylosaurs in Australia was raised alongside discovery, though based on conjecture.
Ankylosaurs from Gondwana have remained very mysterious. Fossil material continues to be scant and southern taxa have been difficult to interpret in a phylogenetic context. Vertebrae of Antarctopelta from Antarctica, for example, were so foreign compared to those of euankylosaurs that it was questioned if they might instead belong to a marine reptile, which would make the genus based on a chimeric specimen. The discovery of the genus Stegouros, published and named in 2021, helped to clear up the previous confusion. The type specimen of the genus preserved enough of the skeleton to make it clear that there was a previously unrecognized monophyletic grouping of these southern ankylosaur taxa. Thus the study naming the genus, by Sergio Soto-Acuña and colleagues, coined Parankylosauria based on the two aforementioned genera and Kunbarrasaurus. The name, referencing its parent group, means "at the side of Ankylosauria".
Anatomy
Known members of Parankylosauria are all small animals, ranging from , and possessed proportionally large skulls. The most distinctive trait of the group is their macuahuitl, named after the mesoamerican weapon of the same name. This trait is similar to the thagomizer of stegosaurs and tail clubs known in ankylosaurines, though evolved independently from each. This was a structure at the end of the tail formed by a series of five pairs of robust osteoderms (bones in the skin) fused together, surrounding the sides of the tail and surrounding the entirety of it near the tip. This weapon is known directly in the genus Stegouros, suspected based on indirect evidence in Antarctopelta, and not confirmed in Kunbarrasaurus, for which a complete tail is not known. In the former taxon the weapon is associated with dramatic shortening of the tail, made up of far fewer vertebrae than any other kind of thyreophoran. As with many other members of this group, osteoderms would have covered much of the body of parankylosaurs, functioning as spiny armor.
Parankylosaurs, compared to the more well studied euankylosaurs, retain more traits seen in more primitive thyreophorans and stegosaurs. This is most applicable in the body, most distinctively seen in the possession of rather long and slender limbs. The skull, comparatively, is more similar to that of other ankylosaurs, thought to indicate the acquisition of advanced skull traits earlier in ankylosaur evolution. Also unlike euankylosaurs, it is thought, based on the preserved osteoderms of Kunbarrasaurus and lack of flank osteoderms associated with other known genera, that parankylosaurs may not have had rather light coverings of dermal armor compared to their relatives. They possessed a pelvic shield, formed from a thin sheet of bone over the hip region, more reinforced than the superficial shielding of stegosaurs but not as overbuilt as those found in euankylosaurs.
Classification
The clade is phylogenetically defined as all taxa closer to Stegouros than to Ankylosaurus, making it a counterpart to Euankylosauria, which has the opposite definition. The following cladogram is reproduced from the phylogenetic analysis in the 2021 study by Sergio Soto-Acuña and colleagues:
In 2022, a study by Timothy G. Frauenfelder and colleagues on a new specimen (SAMA P40536) tentatively referred to Kunbarrasaurus tested their new specimen in the dataset of the 2021 study, finding a similar placement and composition of Parankylosauria, but also coded the specimen for an older phylogenetic dataset of a 2016 paper by Victoria Arbour and Phil Currie. The resulting analysis found Kunbarrasaurus and the new specimen to nest together in a similar position on the tree to where Parankylosauria was found in the 2021 dataset, supporting that conclusion. The tree of the second dataset is reproduced below:
See also
Timeline of ankylosaur research
References
Ankylosaurs
Albian first appearances
Maastrichtian extinctions
The following are the national records in track cycling in South Korea maintained by the Korea Cycling Federation.
Men
Women
References
General
South Korean records 26 June 2022 updated
Specific
External links
Korea Cycling Federation
South Korea
Records
Track cycling
track cycling
BII Tower is a skyscraper building in Surabaya. It is situated in the city center and has a height of 200 meters. It is one of the highest tower in Surabaya. It is owned by Bank International Indonesia.
The BII Tower is located in front of the Surabaya Plaza and also the submarine museum.
External links
Buildings and structures in Surabaya
Skyscrapers in Indonesia
Skyscraper office buildings in Indonesia
Skyscrapers in Surabaya
George Winslow (born July 28, 1963) is a former punter in the National Football League. 1987 Winslow was signed as a free agent. He first played with the Cleveland Browns during the 1987 NFL season. Released during the 1987 season. Buffalo signed Winslow in 1988, but released him August 1988 during pre-season. After a year away from the NFL, he played with the New Orleans Saints during the 1989 NFL season. The Saints released Winslow October 1989. November 1989 he had a tryout with the Eagles, but was not signed.
Winslow was voted All-Decade Team and All-Catholic Team for his time at La Salle High School. While in college, one coach stated "The kid had one kick that hung up there for 6.2 seconds."
George's son Ryan Winslow has played in the National Football League (NFL) as a punter as well.
References
Players of American football from Philadelphia
Cleveland Browns players
New Orleans Saints players
American football punters
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Villanova Wildcats football players
1963 births
Living people
Abgineh (, also Romanized as Ābgīneh) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. In the 2006 census, it was first mentioned, despite not having its population reported.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The inverted spectrum is the hypothetical concept of two people sharing their color vocabulary and discriminations, although the colors one sees—one's qualia—are systematically different from the colors the other person sees.
Overview
The concept dates back to John Locke. It invites us to imagine that we wake up one morning, and find that for some unknown reason all the colors in the world have been inverted, i.e. swapped to the hue on the opposite side of a color wheel, the complementary color. Furthermore, we discover that no physical changes have occurred in our brains or bodies that would explain this phenomenon. Supporters of the hypothesis of qualia as non-physical entities argue that, since we can imagine this happening without contradiction, it follows that we are imagining a change in a property that determines the way things look to us, but that has no physical basis. In more detail:
Metaphysical identity holds of necessity
If something is possibly false, it is not necessary
It is conceivable that qualia could have a different relationship to physical brain-states
If it is conceivable, then it is possible
Since it is possible for qualia to have a different relationship with physical brain-states, they cannot be identical to brain states (by 1).
Therefore, qualia are non-physical.
The argument thus states that if we find the inverted spectrum plausible, we must admit that qualia exist (and are non-physical). Some philosophers find it absurd that an "armchair argument" can prove something to exist, and the detailed argument does involve many assumptions about conceivability and possibility, which are open to criticism. Perhaps it is not possible for a given brain state to produce anything other than a given quale in our universe, and that is all that matters. The question, however, can arise how these critical philosophers, using the same armchair technique that they are criticizing, refute the robust argumentation of the Inverted spectrum experiment?
C. L. Hardin criticizes the idea that an inverted spectrum would be undetectable on scientific grounds:
Paul Churchland using the Hurvich–Jameson (H–J) opponent process criticizes the inverted spectrum on scientific grounds:
In some cases, the inverted spectrum scenario is clearly possible. For example, if a world is simulated on a computer and we are looking at this world on a screen, perhaps through the eyes of one of the characters in the simulation, then clearly it is possible to invert the spectrum from our perspective. This is because some small changes to the code used for displaying the world would make it so that it would display in red what was displayed in green before, etc., without changing the underlying simulated physics. Though this would entail that code on a computer which represents a creature with sight is equivalent with a creature with sight. It is not clear whether we can conclude from such examples that an inverted spectrum is possible in ordinary life.
Inverted spectrum arguments have applications to behavioralism, physicalism, representationalism, functionalism, skepticism and the hard problem of consciousness.
In his book I Am a Strange Loop, Douglas Hofstadter argues that the inverted spectrum argument entails a form of solipsism in which people can have no idea about what goes on in the minds of others—contrary to the central theme of his work. He presents several variants to demonstrate the absurdity of this idea: the "inverted political spectrum", in which one person's concept of liberty is identical to another's concept of imprisonment; an inverted "sonic spectrum" in which low musical notes sound like "high" ones and vice versa (which he says is impossible because low sounds can be felt physically as vibrations); and a version in which random, complex qualia such as riding a roller coaster or opening presents are reversed, so that everyone perceives the world in radically different, unknowable ways.
See also
Dualism (philosophy of mind)
Functionalism
Further facts
Mary's room
Ontological argument
Philosophical zombies
Philosophy of mind
Philosophy of perception
Physicalism
Qualia
Subjective character of experience
The map is not the territory
Notes
External links
Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
David Cole
Color
Thought experiments in philosophy
Wei Heng (; 1915 – 29 January 1967), also known as Wei Laiyu (), was a Chinese Communist revolutionary and politician from Shanxi province. He was the Communist Party First Secretary and top leader of Shanxi province until he was overthrown by the rebel Red Guards at the beginning of the Cultural Revolution. He was tortured and committed suicide in January 1967.
Early life
Wei Heng was born in 1915 to a poor peasant family in Shapochi village () in Lingchuan County, Shanxi province. His father Wang Changju () was a manual labourer who struggled to make ends meet, and Wei Heng was adopted by a relative surnamed Wei in a neighbouring village. Wei attended primary and secondary school and then became a primary school teacher. However, his adoptive father began to gamble and smoke opium, and the Wei family fortunes began to gradually decline.
Career
After the Second Sino-Japanese War broke out, Wei Heng joined the Communist Red Army in January 1938. He served as a guerrilla fighter and later political operative in his native Shanxi. He joined the Communist Party of China in October 1938, and was selected as a delegate to the 7th National Congress of the Communist Party held in Yan'an in 1945. He took part in the Yan'an Rectification Movement.
After the founding of the People's Republic of China in 1949, Wei served in a series of leadership posts in locales in Shanxi province, including a stint as Party Secretary of Yuncheng. In April 1952, Wei Heng began working as part of the Communist Party's Shanxi Provincial Committee as head of its Organization Department, and then the provincial Secretary for Commission for Discipline Inspection. He became the provincial governor, and by June 1965 began serving as First Secretary (i.e. top leader) of the province.
Downfall and death
Beginning with the 1967 January Storm at the early stage of the Cultural Revolution, the radical Red Guards started an intense wave of power seizures all over China, with the encouragement of the Central Cultural Revolution Group. The radicals toppled provincial governments and established revolutionary committees. In Shanxi, Wei Heng was outmaneuvered by his deputy Liu Geping, a Muslim who had the personal support of Mao Zedong and especially Kang Sheng, as well as top leaders of the Shanxi Military District. Liu became the leader of the Shanxi General Command of Revolutionary Rebels, and seized power of the Shanxi provincial government on January 12.
Wei Heng was detained by the Red Guards and held in solitary confinement on January 15. He was tortured by the rebels and committed suicide on January 29. He was the third provincial-level chief to choose suicide as an escape from torture, after Wan Xiaotang of Tianjin and Yan Hongyan of Yunnan. On January 25, the People's Daily published an editorial celebrating the power seizure in Shanxi, and the national government certified the Shanxi Revolutionary Committee on March 28.
Rehabilitation
After the end of the Cultural Revolution, provincial party authorities posthumously rehabilitated Wei in January 1979. In June 1985, the party "completely vindicated" Wei Heng and denounced his persecution.
References
1915 births
1967 deaths
Politicians from Jincheng
Suicides during the Cultural Revolution
Governors of Shanxi
People's Republic of China politicians from Shanxi
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Shanxi
CPPCC Committee Chairmen of Shanxi
Chinese politicians who committed suicide
The 2013 League of Ireland Premier Division was the 29th season of the League of Ireland Premier Division. The division featured 12 teams. St. Patrick's Athletic were champions, winning their eighth top level League of Ireland title. Dundalk finished as runners-up.
Teams
Stadia and locations
Personnel and kits
Overview
The Premier Division featured 12 teams. Each team played each other three times, totalling 33 games. The regular season began on 8 March and concluded on 25 October. St. Patrick's Athletic clinched the title on 13 October 2013, with two games to go, after a 2–0 win against the holders, Sligo Rovers.
Final Table
Results
Matches 1–22
Matches 23–33
Promotion/Relegation play-off
Bray Wanderers, the eleventh placed team from the Premier Division, played off against Longford Town, the winners of the 2013 First Division play off. The winner of this play off would play in the 2014 Premier Division.
Bray Wanderers win 5–4 on aggregate and retained their place in the Premier Division.
Goal scorers
Top scorers
Hat-tricks
Awards
Player of the Month
PFAI Players' Player of the Year
PFAI Young Player of the Year
Team of the Year
Television coverage
Live coverage of matches in Ireland were shown on RTÉ Two and Setanta Sports. MNS on RTÉ Two showed match highlights and analysis on each Monday night during the season.
See also
2013 League of Ireland First Division
2013 League of Ireland Cup
Notes
References
League of Ireland Premier Division seasons
1
1
Ireland
Ireland
James Philipps (1594–2 May 1674) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1653 and 1662. He was a supporter of the Parliamentary cause during the English Civil War.
Life
Philipps was the eldest son of George Philipps of Tregibby who was a member of a leading Cardiganshire family and had been High Sheriff in 1606. He matriculated from Jesus College, Oxford in 1610. During the Civil War, he was acting as a Commissioner of Sequestration in west Wales. He was also a colonel in the Parliamentary army and was appointed a member of the High Court of Justice. He became High Sheriff of Cardiganshire in 1649.
In 1653, Philipps was nominated one of the representatives for Wales in the Barebones Parliament. He was elected Member of Parliament for Cardiganshire in 1654 for the First Protectorate Parliament. In 1656 he was elected MP for Cardiganshire and Pembrokeshire and chose to sit for Pembrokeshire in the Second Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Cardiganshire in 1659 for the Third Protectorate Parliament.
In April 1660 Philipps was elected MP for Cardigan in the Convention Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Cardigan in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament but was unseated on petition on 30 April 1662.
Family
Philips married firstly Frances Phillips daughter of Sir Richard Phillips Bt. of Picton, Pembrokeshire. He married secondly in 1647 Katherine Fowler daughter of John Fowler merchant of London. Katherine, praised as one of the best poets of her generation, died in June 1664 and Philipps married thirdly Anne Rudd daughter of Sir Richard Rudd Bt. of Aberglasney, Carmarthenshire.
References
1594 births
1675 deaths
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Roundheads
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
High Sheriffs of Cardiganshire
17th-century Welsh politicians
English MPs 1653 (Barebones)
English MPs 1654–1655
English MPs 1656–1658
English MPs 1659
English MPs 1660
English MPs 1661–1679
Martin Edward "Marty" McCormick (born June 19, 1964 in Cleveland) is an American slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s. He finished 15th in the C2 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
He started off his career as a K1 paddler, but later started competing in C2 together with Elliot Weintrob.
World Cup individual podiums
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1964 births
American male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of the United States
Sportspeople from Cleveland
Ayer Hitam is a federal constituency in Batu Pahat District, Johor, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat from 1974 to 1986, from 2004 to present.
The federal constituency was created in the 1974 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
It was abolished in 1986 when it was redistributed. It was re-created in 2003.
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018, the Ayer Hitam constituency has a total of 27 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Johor federal constituencies
Trogen is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany.
Geography
Trogen is nestled between hills in a valley.
The Town is located about six kilometers northeast of the county seat Hof (Saale) on the Bundesautobahn 72 (junction 3 Hof / Töpen), and Bundesautobahn 93 (junction 2 Hof-East) and the federal highway B173.
The community is located in the Bavarian part of Vogtland. It is part of the district of Hof and thus also of the administrative region of Upper Franconia (Oberfranken).
The neighboring village Feilitzsch is only a few hundred meters away from Trogen.
History
The first documentary mention of Trogen dates from December 21, 1306. The later Margrave of Kulmbach-Bayreuth were since 1373 rulers in Trogen.
In Trogen were three knight seats (Wasserburg, Trogen-Zech, Oberes Gut) were in the possession of the Counts of Reuss (Imperial County of Reuss), the Margrave of Kulmbach-Bayreuth and Kursachsen (Electorate of Saxony).
As a part of the 1792 Prussian Principality of Bayreuth Trogen fell in the Treaties of Tilsit in 1807 to France and came in 1810 to Bavaria. As part of the administrative reforms in Bavaria, the municipality of today was founded with the community edict of 1818.
Sports
The towns association football club, 1. FC Trogen, experienced its greatest success in 2012 when it won promotion to the northern division of the Bayernliga but lasted for only one season at this level.
Education
Trogen has since 1999 a Kindergarten with 100 seats for children.
Volunteer fire department
Trogen has its own volunteer firefighters. This department has 146 members, approx. 45 of them are active. 4 vehicles are held by this institution.
Coat of arms
The Trogener Coat of Arms dates from 1979.
Blazon: Above silver Zinnenschildfuß in black a growing red-armored and crowned golden lion holding in his forelegs a shield divided by silver, red and black.
The three pinnacles symbolize the three knight seats (Wasserburg, Trogen-Zech, and Oberes Gut). The lion stands as a symbol of the former governors of Weida.
The shield comes from the coat of arms of the barons of Feilitzsch.
References
Hof (district)
Johnny Foreigner vs Everything is the third studio album by British indie rock band Johnny Foreigner. It was released on CD and MP3 on 5 December 2011 through Alcopop! Records, and on Double Vinyl LP in Summer 2012. The record marked their first studio album to be released without the aid of a Grammy-nominated producer (Machine producing their first record, Alex Newport producing their second); as well as their first studio album not released on Best Before Records. The album cover, as with their other albums, features drawings by Lewes Herriot.
The album was assigned a Metacritic rating of 66, indicating "generally favourable reviews". Some controversy arose when the NME website chose a writer who had already had disagreements with the band's lead singer Alexei to review the album. This writer gave the album a highly negative review and a score of 3.0/10. This was responded to with a backlash by fans and readers alike, who together used the NME's album rating system to give the album a score of 9.4/10.
The double vinyl version of the album adds the Certain Songs are Cursed EP—minus the original mix of "What Drummers Get"—and two original songs from the (Don't) Show Us Your Fangs and You vs Everything singles.
Track listing
References
Johnny Foreigner albums
2011 albums
Alcopop! Records albums
Gelora Brawijaya Stadium is a stadium in Surabaya. It was the home base of Persebaya Surabaya, until the opening of Gelora 10 November Stadium which had more capacity and modern in functionity.
References
Buildings and structures in Surabaya
Football venues in Indonesia
Sport in East Java
Hidden Valley Highlands Ski Area is a ski and snowboard resort in Huntsville, Ontario, Canada. Hidden Valley offers 15 groomed trails, three quad chairlifts, one handle tow, two snow cats, night skiing and snowboarding, and a terrain park.
Facts
Average snowfall: 343 cm (125 inches)
Season: Late November–Mid March
Lifts: 3 Quad Chairs, 1 Handle Tow
Snowmaking: 80%
Uphill capacity: 6500 persons per hour
Longest run: 580 meters (1902 feet)
Vertical: 100 meters (333 feet)
Night skiing: Yes
Terrain park: Yes
Ski-able acres: 35 acres (14 hectares)
Summit elevation: 389 meters (1276 feet)
Base elevation: 289 meters (949 feet)
Cafeteria: Yes
Membership
The Muskoka Ski Club was established in 1971 as the Hidden Valley Highlands Ski Club. The name was changed in 2008. As of 2010, the ski area has 692 individual members from 192 family units.
Surrounding resorts and hotels
Hidden Valley Resort
Delta Grandview Resort
Holiday Inn (under construction)
King William Inn
See also
List of ski areas and resorts in Canada
Hotel and leisure companies of Canada
Tourist attractions in the District Municipality of Muskoka
Huntsville, Ontario
1971 establishments in Ontario
The Blue Beach Resort is a luxury beach resort hotel that opened in Gaza in the summer of 2015.
The hotel features cabana boys serving clients on its private beach, and an Olympic-size swimming pool. Guests stay in 162 "chalet-style" rooms set in landscaped grounds with views of the Mediterranean. It is part of the entertainment district along Al-Rashid Street in Gaza City that features "dozens of new and modern resorts, chalets and coffee shops," other neighborhoods also have upscale shopping malls, apartment buildings, and entertainment venues.
Blue Beach joins the 5-star hotel, Mashtal, built in 2011, at the high end of the Gaza luxury hotel market.
The Washington Post describes the hotel as one of a number of luxury businesses catering to wealthy Gazans. According to economic analyst Nizar Sha'ban, “Most foreigners who visit the Strip and stay in its hotels are journalists, aid workers, UN and Red Cross staff."
See also
Tourism in the Palestinian territories
References
Hotels in Gaza City
Hotels established in 2015
Hotel buildings completed in 2015
The CALICE (Calorimeter for Linear Collider Experiment) collaboration is an R&D group of more than 280 physicists and engineers from around the world, working together to develop new, high performance detectors for high energy positron-electron () experiments at future International Linear Collider (ILC). It is a part of the European EUDET project.
The physics requirements of a future TeV-scale machine, such as the ILC, demand extremely high performance calorimetry. This is best achieved using a finely segmented system that allows to reconstruct events using the so-called "particle flow approach" (PFA).
The calorimeter systems for high energy physics experiments usually consist of three main subsystems: electromagnetic calorimeter (ECAL) to detect electromagnetic showers produced by electrons (or positrons) and photons, hadronic calorimeter (HCAL) to measure hadron-induced showers, and muon tracker (or so-called tail catcher) to identify highly penetrating particles such as muons.
CALICE has developed prototypes of the three main calorimetric subsystems of a future detector: an ECAL followed by an HCAL and a tail catcher/muon tracker (TCMT), and is evaluating the performance of alternative technological solutions within this combined system.
The collaboration studies the performance of such calorimeters within a long, detailed program for an ECAL and several options of high granular analogue and digital calorimeters with sensitive layers of gas or plastic scintillator. The Tile subgroup has built a one cubic-meter steel/scintillator sandwich sampling hadronic calorimeter called physics prototype for study series in various test particle beams.
High granularity is achieved by 38 scintillator tile layers . Each layer is a 2-cm thick steel plate 90 × 90 cm2 followed by a 0.5-cm scintillator plate that consists of more than 200 scintillator tiles.
The mosaic of the HCAL layers exhibits a hundred 3 × 3 cm2 tiles in the center, surrounded by a large area covered with 6 × 6 cm2 tiles and finally enclosed by a strip of 12 × 12 cm2 tiles. These nearly 8000 tiles in total are read out individually by wavelength-shifting fibers which illuminate small silicon photomultipliers mounted on each tile and insensitive to large magnetic fields.
Present status
The very important experimental part of this project is now in progress: a combined test beam program involving exposure of combined prototype calorimeter system to real particle beams from different accelerators and subsequent data analysis. In test beam studies, the Tile-HCAL with an effective thickness 4.5 nuclear interaction lengths () is headed by an electromagnetic calorimeter (Silicon-Tungsten) near 1- in thickness and followed by a 5- thick tail catcher to measure the hadronic shower leakage.
The sampling calorimeter has been calibrated to get its signal vs. the incident particle energy dependence using test beams of different incident particle sorts with known energies in the range from 4 GeV to 120 GeV. The corrections for the calorimeter non-linearity and the external temperature influence have been taken into rooster. For test beams with energy 50 GeV the precision of incoming particle energy reconstruction was estimated to be near 4%.
Given some number of unknown incoming particles, it is possible to reconstruct their energies using the picture of particle showers from the calorimeter. That picture has to be analyzed by a PFA program. In addition, novel deep analysis (DA) algorithms have been developed to separate different sorts of secondary particles inside showers in order to improve the energy reconstruction.
The unprecedented granularity of the CALICE calorimeter prototype provides an opportunity to test the particle flow concept. These days the work is in progress to check the output quality of the PFA programs. Due to large amount of test beam data, it becomes possible to use real events instead of simulated ones as input information for that programs. Since in the test beams all the particles are almost at the same coordinate position, artificial events are created consisting of several incoming particles separated by some distance in order to check if the PFA program can reconstruct the incoming particles correctly.
References
External links
Scientific publications of the CALICE collaboration INSPIRE-HEP
Research and development organizations
Meyer may refer to:
People
Meyer (surname), listing people so named
Meyer (name), list of people with the name
Fictional characters
Meyer Wolfsheim, from The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald
Meyer Meyer, from the 87th Precinct series by Ed McBain
Companies
Meyer Corporation
Fred Meyer, Inc., American hypermarket chain; currently a subsidiary of Kroger
Meyer Sound Laboratories
Places
United States
Meyer Township, Michigan
Meyer, Illinois, unincorporated community in Adams County, Illinois
Meyer, Franklin County, Illinois, unincorporated community
Meyer, Iowa, in Mitchell County
Myers, Montana (also spelled Meyer), unincorporated community in Treasure County
Other
USS Meyer (DD-279), Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy
Meyer locomotive
Meyers Konversations-Lexikon, major German encyclopedia that existed from 1839 until 1984
See also
Von Meyer, Myer (disambiguation), Meyr, Meier, Meijer (surname), Meir (disambiguation), Mayer (disambiguation), Maier, Mayr, Mair
Meyers, Myers
Justice Meyer (disambiguation)
The large scrubwren (Sericornis nouhuysi) is a bird species. Placed in the family Pardalotidae in the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy, this has met with opposition and indeed is now known to be wrong; they rather belong to the independent family Acanthizidae.
It is found in New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy
Sericornis nouhuysi includes the following subspecies:
S. n. cantans - Mayr, 1930
S. n. nouhuysi - Van Oort, 1909
S. n. stresemanni - Mayr, 1930
S. n. adelberti - Pratt, 1982
S. n. oorti - Rothschild & Hartert, 1913
S. n. monticola - Mayr & Rand, 1936
References
large scrubwren
Birds of New Guinea
large scrubwren
large scrubwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Miguel Rafael Martos Sánchez (born May 5, 1943), often simply referred to as Raphael, is a Spanish singer and television, film and theater actor. Raphael is recognized as one of the most successful Spanish singers in the world, having sold more than 70 million records worldwide in 7 languages.
Childhood
Raphael was born Miguel Rafael Martos Sánchez in Linares, province of Jaén (Spain). As a consequence, he is nicknamed both "El Ruiseñor de Linares" ("Nightingale of Linares") and "El Divo de Linares" ("The Divo from Linares") but is also known as "El Niño". His family moved to Madrid when he was nine months old, and he started singing when he was just three years-old. He joined a children's choir at age four. When he was 9, he was recognized as the best child voice in Europe at a contest in Salzburg, Austria. His two idols, when he was growing up, and with whom he announced, on October 6, 2014, his plans to record posthumous duets with, were said to be US singer Elvis Presley and French diva Edith Piaf.
Career
Raphael began his professional career by signing with the Dutch record label Philips. To distinguish himself, he adopted the "ph" of the company's name and christened himself 'Raphael'. His first singles were "Te voy a contar mi vida" and "A pesar de todo", among others. Raphael adopted his own peculiar singing style from the beginning; he is known for acting each one of his songs while on stage, emphasizing his gestures with high dramatic effect. It is not unusual for Raphael to ad lib lyrics as to localize a song depending on the venue he's singing at, wear Latin American peasant costumes and dance folk dances within a song, kicking and demolishing a mirror, or doing the moves of a flamenco dancer or a bullfighter onstage. He also possesses a wide vocal range, which he often used in the beginning of his career as to evoke a choirboy approach to some songs.
When he was nineteen, he won first, second and third awards at the famous Benidorm International Song Festival, Spain, in 1962 and 1963 with the songs: "Llevan", "Inmensidad" and "Tu Conciencia". After a brief relation with Barclay record label, who produced just an EP, he signed a contract with Hispavox recording company, and began a long artistic relationship with the musical director of this label, the late, talented Argentinian orchestrator Waldo de los Ríos and intensify the partnership with outstanding Spanish songwriter Manuel Alejandro.
In 1966 and 1967 he represented Spain at the XI and XII Eurovision Song Contest in Luxembourg, singing "Yo soy aquél" and Vienna, "Hablemos del amor" and placing both 7th and 6th position, although he did not win. This marked Spain's strongest showing in the contest at the time, leaving the door open for victory the following year, which Spain achieved with "La, la, la". This served as a turning point in Raphael's career, making him an international star. He traveled and performed worldwide in Europe, Latin America, Puerto Rico, the United States, Russia and Japan. Songs such as "Yo soy aquel" (his signature song), "Cuando tú no estás", "Mi gran noche", "Digan lo que digan", "Tema de amor", "Estuve enamorado" and "Desde aquel día" cemented his status as a major international singing star.
Raphael also began a lucrative film career, appearing in, Cuando tú no estás (Mario Camus, 1966), which was followed by Al ponerse el Sol (Mario Camus, 1967) Digan lo que digan (Mario Camus, 1968, filmed in Argentina), El golfo (1969, filmed in México), El ángel (1969), Sin Un Adiós (1970, partially filmed in England) and Volveré a nacer (1972).
Latin American popularity
As Raphael became a success in Latin America, he made a habit of recording Latin American folk standards including "Huapango torero", "Sandunga" and "Llorona"; they were hits in Mexico.
He appeared live on The Ed Sullivan Show with great success on October 25, 1970, singing (in Spanish, English and Italian) "Hallelujah" and "Hava Nagila". He appeared again on December 27, 1970, with the songs "Maybe" (Somos), "When my love is around" (Cuando llega mi amor) and "The sound of the trumpet" (Balada de la trompeta).
In 1975, Raphael began his own successful program on Spanish Television called El Mundo de Raphael, where he sang with international stars. He also had a radio program, where he and his wife spoke with and interviewed outstanding personalities, and he starred in soap operas, starting with the Mexican production Donde termina el camino, shown in the spring of 1978 and later in other countries like Peru and Chile.
Raphael succeeded in the early 1980s with songs such as "¿Qué tal te va sin mí?", "Como yo te amo", "En carne viva" and "Estar enamorado". During 1984 and 1985 he recorded two albums with songs written by José Luis Perales like "Ámame", "Yo sigo siendo aquel", "Dile que vuelva", "Y... Cómo es él" and "Estoy llorando hoy por ti".
In 1984 a parody of "Yo soy aquél" was used in a radio spot in Puerto Rico's gubernatorial race. Then-governor Carlos Romero Barceló used the parody (complete with a Raphael sound-alike) namely as a jab against opponent, Raphael's namesake, (and noted Spanophile), former governor Rafael Hernández Colón. Raphael was surprised by the unauthorized use of the music, but was highly amused by the reference.
In 1987 he left Hispavox and signed a contract with Columbia (now Sony Music), where he again recorded songs written by Roberto Livi like "Toco madera" and "Maravilloso corazón". In 1991 he had a hit with "Escándalo" in Spain, Latin America, and in Japan, where it reached number one. At the end of the 1990s, after ending a contract with PolyGram, he went back to EMI. In 1998 the artist published the first part of his memoirs titled ¿Y mañana qué?, from his childhood until his marriage in 1972.
Raphael took part in the 2000 Spanish version of the stage musical Jekyll & Hyde for seven months, with great success.
Personal life
He married aristocrat, journalist and writer Natalia Figueroa, in Venice (Italy) on July 14, 1972. They have three children: Jacobo, Alejandra and Manuel.
Raphael's health faced a major setback in 2003, when his liver started failing due to a latent bout with hepatitis B; he recovered successfully after a transplant. Since then he is an active organ donation promoter.
Awards and accomplishments
Raphael has received numerous awards. He was inducted into the International Latin Music Hall of Fame in 2003.
Discography
Raphael (1965)
Raphael Canta (1966)
Al Ponerse El Sol (1967)
Digan Lo Que Digan (1967)
El Golfo (1968)
Huapango Torero + 3 (EP – México) (1969)
El Angel (1969) – Ecuador Only
Raphael – El Idolo (Philips EP's Compilation) (1969)
Aqui! (1969)
Corazón, Corazón (1970) México
Live at the Talk of the Town (1970) (recorded at the London Talk of the Town)
Aleluya... (1970)
Algo Más (1971)
Háblame De Amor (From 'Top Star Festival' LP) (1971)
Volveré A Nacer (1972)
Le Llaman Jesús! (1973)
From Here On... (1973) – English Album
Raphael (A La Huella...) (1974)
Raphael (De... Para...) (1974)
Qué Dirán De Mí (1974)
Sombras + 3 (1974) (EP. – Ecuador)
No Eches La Culpa Al Gitano (From "Juntos Para Ayudarte" LP) (1974)
Recital Hispanoamericano (1975) – With Los Gemelos
Con El Sol De La Mañana (1976)
Raphael Canta... (1976)
El Cantor (1977) (México)
Una Forma Muy Mía De Amar (1978)
Y... Sigo Mi Camino (1980)
Vivo Live Direct – 20th Anniversary (Live Double Album) (1980)
En Carne Viva (1981)
Raphael: Ayer, Hoy y Siempre (1982)
Enamorado De La Vida (1983)
Eternamente Tuyo (1984)
Yo Sigo Siendo Aquel – 25th Anniversary (1985)
To-do Una Vida (1986)
Las Apariencias Engañan (1988)
Maravilloso Corazón, Maravilloso (1989)
Andaluz (1990)
Ave Fénix (1992)
Fantasía (1994)
Desde el fondo de mi alma (1995)
Punto y Seguido (1997)
Vete (1997) – Duet with Nino Bravo
Jekyll & Hyde (2001)
Maldito Raphael (2001)
De Vuelta (2003)
Vuelve Por Navidad (2004)
A Que No Te Vas (2006) – Duet with Rocio Jurado
Cerca de ti (2006)
Maravilloso Raphael (2007)
Raphael 50 Anos Después (CD + DVD) (2008)
Viva Raphael! (2009)
50 Años Después – En Directo y Al Completo (3 CD + DVD) (2009)
Te Llevo En El Corazón (3 CD + DVD) (2010)
Te Llevo En El Corazón. Essential (2011)
El Reencuentro (2012)
El Reencuentro En Directo (CD + DVD) (2012)
Mi Gran Noche (2013)
50 Exitos De Mi Vida (3 CD + DVD) (2013)
De Amor & Desamor (LP + CD) (2014)
Raphael Sinphónico (CD + DVD) (2015)
Ven A Mi Casa Esta Navidad (CD) (2015)
Infinitos Bailes (LP + CD) (2016)
6.0 En Concierto (2021)
Filmography
Las Gemelas (1963) – As Alberto
Cuando Tú No Estás (1966) – As Rafael
Al Ponerse El Sol (1967) – As David Alonso
Digan lo que digan (1968) – As Rafael Gandía
El Golfo (1968)- As Pancho
El Ángel (1969)- As El Angel
Sin Un Adiós (1970) – As Mario Leiva
Volveré A Nacer (1973) – As Alex
Rafael en Raphael (Documentary) (1974) – As himself
Donde Termina El Camino (TV) (1978)- As Manuel
Ritmo, Amor y Primavera (1981) – As himself
Jekyll & Hyde (Musical) (2000) – As Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Balada Triste de Trompeta" (The Last Circus) (2010) – As himself, through use of Sin Un Adiós footage
Mi Gran Noche (2015) – As Alphonso
Tours
De vuelta Tour (2003-2004)
Raphael Para todos Tour (2005)
Más cerca de ti Tour (2007-2008)
50 años después Tour (2009-2010)
Te llevo en el corazón Tour (2010-2011)
El reencuentro Tour (2012)
Mi gran noche Tour (2013–2014)
De Amor y Desamor Tour (2014–2015)
Raphael Sinphonico World Tour (2015–2016)
Loco por Cantar World Tour (2017-2018)
Raphael RESinphónico World Tour (2018–2020)
Raphael 6.0: 60 años sobre los escenarios (2020-)
Notes
References
External links
Raphael's official site
Raphael's Worldwide site
Raphael's Russian site, the biggest in the world
Letra de su canción Yo Soy Aquél (Spanish and English)
Letra de su canción Hablemos Del Amor (Spanish and English)
1943 births
Living people
People from Linares, Jaén
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Spain
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1966
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1967
Spanish male singers
Singers from Andalusia
EMI Latin artists
Sony Music Latin artists
The 2013–14 Israeli Noar Premier League was the 20th season since its introduction in 1994 as the top-tier football in Israel for teenagers between the ages 18–20, and the 3rd under the name Noar Premier League.
Maccabi Haifa won the title, whilst Bnei Yehuda and Hapoel Ramat HaSharon were relegated.
Final table
References
External links
2013-2014 Noar Premier League IFA
Noar Premier League 13-14 One.co.il
Israeli Noar Premier League seasons
Youth
Phtheochroa melasma is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Guatemala.
References
Moths described in 1968
Phtheochroa
Veterans Memorial Early College High School is a public high school in Brownsville, Texas, United States. It is one of six high schools operated by the Brownsville Independent School District and classified as a 5a school by the UIL. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics
The Veterans Memorial Chargers compete in the following sports:
Baseball
Basketball
Cross-country
Football
Golf
Powerlifting
Soccer
Softball
Swimming and diving
Tennis
Track and field
Volleyball
Clubs and associations
Health Occupations Students of America
Skills USA
Technology Student Association
UIL One Act Play
References
External links
Education in Brownsville, Texas
Brownsville Independent School District high schools
Buildings and structures in Brownsville, Texas
The 5th Yerevan Golden Apricot International Film Festival was a film festival held in Yerevan, Armenia from 13–20 July 2008. The festival had more than 450 submissions from 67 countries; viewers had an opportunity to see over 160 films. Among the honorable guests of the festival were Wim Wenders, Enrica Antonioni, Goran Paskaljevic, Dariush Mehrjui, Catherine Breillat, and others. A Special Tribute was paid to Michelangelo Antonioni by honoring him with a posthumous Parajanov's Thaler. Additionally, Wim Wenders and Dariush Mehrjui were honored with Parajanov's Thaler Lifetime Achievement Awards. The main prizewinners of the 5th Golden Apricot were Anna Melikian from Russia for her film The Mermaid (Golden Apricot 2008 for the Best Feature Film), Meira Asher from Israel for the film Women See The Lot of Things (Golden Apricot 2008 for the Best Documentary Film), and Eric Nazarian from the USA for The Blue Hour (Golden Apricot 2008 for the Best Film in the “Armenian Panorama”). The FIPRESCI Award went to Huseyn Karabey with his film My Marlon and Brando and the Ecumenical Award to Eric Nazarian with his film The Blue Hour.
About the Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival
The Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival (GAIFF) () is an annual film festival held in Yerevan, Armenia. The festival was founded in 2004 with the co-operation of the “Golden Apricot” Fund for Cinema Development, the Armenian Association of Film Critics and Cinema Journalists. The GAIFF is continually supported by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the RA, the Ministry of Culture of the RA and the Benevolent Fund for Cultural Development.The objectives of the festival are "to present new works by the film directors and producers in Armenia and foreign cinematographers of Armenian descent and to promote creativity and originality in the area of cinema and video art".
Awards GAIFF 2008
See also
Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival
Atom Egoyan
Anna Melikyan
Eric Nazarian
Wim Wenders
Michelangelo Antonioni
Catherine Breillat
Eran Riklis
Aditya Assarat
Cinema of Armenia
2008 in film
References
Yerevan International Film Festival
21st century in Yerevan
2008 in Armenia
2008 film festivals
2008 festivals in Asia
2008 festivals in Europe
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Whitehorse () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church that includes Yukon and the northern portion of British Columbia north of latitude 57 degrees.
As of 2003, the diocese contains 23 parishes, 4 active diocesan priests, 9 religious priests, and 9,000 Catholics. It also has 8 women religious, 10 religious brothers, and 1 permanent deacon. The Diocese of Whitehorse is a suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archdiocese of Grouard-McLennan.
Bishops
Diocesan bishops
The following is a list of the vicars apostolic and bishops of Whitehorse, and their terms of service:
Émile-Marie Bunoz, O.M.I. (1908-1944, appointed Vicar Apostolic of Prince Rupert, British Columbia
Jean-Louis-Antoine-Joseph Coudert, O.M.I. (1944-1965)
James Philip Mulvihill (1965-1967 as Vicar Apostolic; 1967–1971)
Hubert Patrick O'Connor (1971-1986), appointed Bishop of Prince George, British Columbia
Thomas Joseph Lobsinger (1987-2000)
Gary Gordon (2006-2014), appointed Bishop of Victoria, British Columbia
Hector Vila (2015-present)
Coadjutor bishop
Jean-Louis-Antoine-Joseph Coudert, O.M.I. (1936-1944), as Coadjutor Vicar Apostolic
References
Diocese of Whitehorse page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14, 2006
Whitehorse
Christianity in Yukon
Catholic Church in Yukon
Ludgershall is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority area of Buckinghamshire, England. It is near the boundary with Oxfordshire, about south-east of Bicester and west of Waddesdon.
Toponym
The toponym is said to be derived from the Old English for "nook with a trapping spear" but this is disputed. It occurs in more than one place in England (see Ludgershall (disambiguation)). The Domesday Book of 1086 records the village as Litlegarsele. The place spelt at Lotegarshale, seen in 1381, may refer to the Buckinghamshire village, or the one in Wiltshire.
History
Henry II granted land in the parish to the priory of Santingfeld in Picardy, France. It is possible that a hospital was founded on this land, although it is uncertain. In the reign of Henry VI, when all alien church possessions were seized by the Crown, this land was given to King's College, Cambridge.
The theologian John Wyclif was vicar of Ludgershall 1368–74.
St Mary the Virgin Church
The parish church of St Mary the Virgin on Church Lane is a Grade I listed church, dating from the 14th century with 19th century additions. The Bible scholar John Wycliffe is reported to have been an early vicar.
Ludgershall Bike Night
The village plays host to an annual charity motorbike night, typically on the first Monday in July. The free to attend meet sees riders of vintage, classic and contemporary motorcycles gather on the village green. The event is attended by multiple motorcycle clubs and enthusiasts alike.
References
Sources & further reading
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Elliot Weintrob (born March 2, 1965 in Washington, D.C.) is an American slalom canoeist who competed in the early-to-mid 1990s in the C2 class together with Martin McCormick. He finished 15th in the C2 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
World Cup individual podiums
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1965 births
American male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of the United States
Sportspeople from Washington, D.C.
The Amorous Ones () is a 1968 Brazilian drama film written and directed by Walter Hugo Khouri. The film was selected as the Brazilian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 41st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee. The film was also entered into the 1969 Melbourne International Film Festival.
Plot
A young university student lives in a permanent state of perplexity and emotional indecision, which is reflected in all his attitudes and positions taken on life. Of bourgeois fomentation, he lives almost in poverty, living at his friends' house and arranging money for small services and loans obtained from his sister.
Cast
Paulo José as Marcelo
Jacqueline Myrna as Marta
Lilian Lemmertz as Lena
Anecy Rocha as Ana
Stênio Garcia
Newton Prado
Inês Knaut
Ana Maria Scavazza
Flávio Porto
Abrahão Farc
See also
List of submissions to the 41st Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Brazilian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1968 films
1968 drama films
1960s Portuguese-language films
Brazilian drama films
Films directed by Walter Hugo Khouri
Viana is a commune, with a population of 1,382,854 (2014 census), located in the municipality of Viana in Luanda Province, Angola.
References
Communes in Luanda Province
The 1944 Coupe de France Final was a football match held at Parc des Princes, Paris on May 7, 1944, that saw EF Nancy-Lorraine defeat EF Reims-Champagne 4–0 thanks to goals by Marcel Parmeggiani, Marcel Poblomme (2) and Michel Jacques.
Match details
See also
1943–44 Coupe de France
External links
Coupe de France results at Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation
Report on French federation site
Coupe De France Final
1944
Coupe de France Final
Coupe de France Final
Tobias Pilegaard Mikkelsen (; born 18 September 1986) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a winger, he last played for Helsingborgs IF in the Allsvenskan. He has eight senior caps for Denmark, as well as a total of 11 youth caps with the U20 and U21 teams.
Club career
Brøndby
After helping Lyngby BK gain promotion to the Danish Superliga, Mikkelsen switched to league rivals Brøndby IF in the summer of 2007. On 21 July 2007, he made an impressive home debut for Brøndby in their match against FC Nordsjælland scoring a goal and also notching an assist a 2–2 draw. He was signed to fill in the right winger spot in a 4–3–3 system, but coach Tom Køhlert and later Kent Nielsen decided to use a 4–4–2 formation which resulted in sparse time on the pitch for the young winger.
Nordsjælland
On 18 August 2009, Mikkelsen signed for FC Nordsjælland. In Nordsjælland Mikkelsen won the Danish Cup twice, in 2010 and 2011. In the 2011–12 season, he won the Danish Superliga with Nordsjælland for the first time, which provided direct qualification for the Champions League.
Greuther Fürth
On 26 July 2012, Mikkelsen signed a three-year deal with German outfit SpVgg Greuther Fürth.
Rosenborg
On 16 January 2013, Mikkelsen signed a four-year contract with Norwegian side Rosenborg BK.
On 30 July 2015, he scored a brace in a 3–2 win over Hungarian side Debreceni in the first leg of the Europa League third qualifying round.
On 25 October 2015, Mikkelsen helped Rosenborg win the 2015 Tippeligaen with two rounds left. A month later, Rosenborg secured the double, winning 2–0 in the final of the Norwegian Cup against Sarpsborg 08.
Nordsjælland
On 8 January 2016, Mikkelsen returned to his former club FC Nordsjælland signing a two-year deal.
Brisbane Roar
In May 2018 Mikkelsen was linked with a move to Australian club Brisbane Roar and subsequently signed a one-year contract in June. Mikkelsen made his Roar debut in the FFA Cup in August 2018 at home to Melbourne City
International career
Mikkelsen received his first international call up to the Danish national team in November 2011, to face Sweden and Finland, making his debut for Denmark against Finland 15 November 2011.
Mikkelsen was once again called up in December 2011, for Denmark's tour of Thailand in January.
International goals
Scores and results list Denmark's goal tally first.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Nordsjælland
Danish Superliga: 2011–12
Danish Cup (2): 2009–10, 2010–11
Rosenborg
Tippeligaen: 2015
Norwegian Football Cup: 2015
References
External links
Tobias Mikkelsen at Brondby.com
Tobias Mikkelsen at DBU.dk
Living people
1986 births
Danish footballers
Denmark youth international footballers
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Denmark international footballers
Lyngby Boldklub players
Brøndby IF players
FC Nordsjælland players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
Rosenborg BK players
Brisbane Roar FC players
Danish Superliga players
Bundesliga players
Eliteserien players
UEFA Euro 2012 players
Danish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Association football wingers
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
People from Helsingør
Sportspeople from the Capital Region of Denmark
Tara Feser (born February 2, 1980) is a Canadian wheelchair basketball player and Paralympian.
She started playing wheelchair basketball after graduating from high School in 1988 because of knee dislocation. Back in high school, she used to play regular basketball.
She has been part of Canada Women's National Wheelchair Basketball Team since 2008.
She was part of the Canadian team that came in 5th place in the women's wheelchair basketball at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
References
External links
No. 15 - Tara Feser at Wheelchair Basketball Canada
Ask A Player - Tara Feser at Wheelchair Basketball Canada
1980 births
Living people
Canadian women's wheelchair basketball players
Paralympic wheelchair basketball players of Canada
Wheelchair category Paralympic competitors
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Insulted and Humiliated (German: Erniedrigte und Beleidigte) is a 1922 German silent drama film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara, Erich Kaiser-Titz and Ralph Arthur Roberts. It is an adaptation of the 1861 novel Humiliated and Insulted by Fyodor Dostoevsky. It premiered at the Marmorhaus in Berlin.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Fritz Lederer.
Cast
Lya Mara
Erich Kaiser-Titz
Ralph Arthur Roberts
Lydia Potechina
Margarete Schön
Anton Edthofer
Fred Goebel
Nikolai Malikoff
Albert Patry
Tatjana Tarydina
References
External links
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Frederic Zelnik
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
1922 drama films
German drama films
Films based on works by Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Films based on Russian novels
Silent drama films
Juraj Stahuljak (16 July 1901, Sv. Jana – 8 February 1975, Zagreb) was a Croatian composer, organist, choir conductor and pedagogue.
Biography
Juraj Stahuljak (Sv. Jana by Jastrebarsko, 1901 – Zagreb, 1975) was the son of Vladimir Stahuljak (Bjelovar, 1876 – Zagreb, 1960), the first in the family to have music as one of his professions. After studying composition in Zagreb in 1904, Vladimir Stahuljak set out for Budapest, where at the M. Somogy Conservatory he took a degree in composition. When in addition to his musical education he also acquired a certificate to teach Croatian and German, he was eligible for employment in a number of Croatian cities. His first job was in Sv. Jana near Jastrebarsko, from 1900 to March 1903, where his son Juraj was born on 16 July 1901. The father was posted to various different positions and from 1903 to 1908 he lived with his family, in Remete, from 1908 to 1912 in Koprivnica, from mid-August 1912 to February 1914 in Čavle-Cernik over Sušak, and in Sušak itself, to which, after more than a year in Zadar, (March 1914 – mid-1915) the father had been forced to flee because of political denunciations on account of his Croatian patriotism, returning for several months, before joining the teaching staff of the Teacher's School in Petrinja in 1915. The family stayed 10 years in Petrinja, from 1915 to 1925; in this period, Vladimir Stahuljak passed the state exam and in 1918 obtained a certificate as music teacher. Then came a fairly short episode in Kragujevac and from 1926 to his retirement in 1932 he was a teacher in Zagreb. This short review of the career of Vladimir Stahuljak seems essential, for every setting in which the family lived up to 1915 left its marks on the composer Juraj Stahuljak.
From 1915 to 1919 Juraj Stahuljak attended the Upper Town high school in Zagreb, living the while in the Catholic orphanage called Orfanotrofij, since the family, forced to flee from Zadar, had become poor. After graduating from high school, he first of all enrolled in a law course, and at the same time embarked on a course in the Conservatory of the Croatian Music Institute. Poor financial conditions forced him to maintain himself by playing in a cinema, and this is how he earned his living from 1920 to 1924. However, the study of law did not occupy him enough, and he left it, enrolling in the Faculty of Philosophy, taking the study groups history and geography. He took his degree in 1928 and started to work as teacher of history and geography in Zagreb high schools. He remained in this profession until his retirement in 1956.
Coming from a family in which music was part of everyday life, in which the children, with their cellist, composer, choir master and organist father, and their noted singer mother Paula (née Huber) received both musical impulses and professional tuition, along with the obligatory performance of music in the home, Juraj Stahuljak quite naturally devoted himself to the study of music. He attended the Croatian Music Institute Conservatory for five years, his teachers being distinguished educators of that time: in music theory he was taught by Ćiril Junek, in piano playing by Vjekoslav Rosenberg-Ružić, in singing by Milan Reizer; he learned harmony in the class of Fran Lhotka, counterpoint and fugue in that of Franjo Dugan Sr, while in vocal composition he received tuition from Antun Dobronić, and in instrumentation from Blagoje Bersa. The very names of these outstanding teachers and composers would tend to suggest a thorough mastery of the musical material. The continuation of his studies at the Zagreb Conservatory, or rather the Royal Conservatory, and after that the Royal Music Academy was crowned with a degree in 1924. The young composer also took a degree in singing and music before a special commission, as the practice of the time required, and he thus became qualified to teach in secondary schools.
One of the lasting forms of reproductive music in which Stahuljak was engaged was organ playing in churches, which he began when he was only eleven, standing in for his father; after his arrival in Zagreb for his education he also played it in the Church of St Peter, where he ran the women's voice choir of the church. In addition, he ran the choir of the cadets of Orfanotrofij. He rounded off his career as organist, always in the context of Catholic liturgical practice, with two decades playing the organ of the Parish Church of St John in Zagreb's Nova Ves, in the concluding period from 1956 to 1969. Thus organ playing and choir conducting composed a permanent component in the life of this musician; in addition, one should mention his very frequent work as an accompanist at the piano, particularly together with the distinguished violinist Miroslav Šlik in the 1930s. But what particularly picks him out as a creative personality is his work in composition, with which he started as a fifteen-year-old, writing his first work, Fantasy for piano.
Works (selection)
Sonata for violin and piano Op 11 (1929)
Misa Poetica Op 12 for soloists, choir, orchestra and organ (1930)
Quartet I. for Two Violins, Viola and Violoncello Op. 6 (1932)
String Quartet No 2 in C minor Op 15 (1932)
Piano Quintet from the cycle Vlatko Op 14 No 1 (1933)
Croatian Mass Op 24 for two-part female choir and organ (1942)
The Charm of a Spring Night, suite (1950)
Days of Heart and the Repentance Op 28, song cycle for baritone and piano (1953)
References
Croatian composers
Croatian musicians
20th-century composers
Male classical composers
1901 births
1975 deaths
20th-century male musicians
Paget Valerie Brewster (, ; born March 10, 1969) is an American actress and singer. She was first recognized for her recurring role as Kathy on the fourth season of the NBC sitcom Friends. Her breakthrough role came as FBI Supervisory Special Agent Emily Prentiss on the CBS crime drama Criminal Minds, on which she appeared regularly from 2006 to 2012, and then returned for two guest appearances, before returning regularly in 2016. Her other roles include voicing Elise and Mr. Mumbles on Dan Vs., portraying Debra Chambers and Frankie Dart in the fifth and final seasons of Community, respectively, and voicing Judy Ken Sebben / Birdgirl in Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law and Birdgirl. Brewster has also voiced Sara Kingsley on the Fox sitcom Grandfathered and Donald Duck's twin sister Della in the 2017 series of DuckTales.
Early life
Brewster was born in Concord, Massachusetts. Both her mother, Hathaway Brewster ( Tew), and father, Galen Brewster, worked as school administrators.
Brewster grew up in Massachusetts and moved to New York City to attend Parsons School of Design. During her first year, she made her acting debut and eventually dropped out of design school to pursue her acting career. In the mid 1990s, Brewster moved to San Francisco and enrolled in acting classes.
Career
Between 1994 and 1995, Brewster hosted a late-night talk show in the San Francisco Bay Area called Paget for 65 episodes at KPIX-TV. She first came to prominent attention in her recurring role as Kathy in the fourth season of NBC's Friends. She appeared in Andy Richter Controls the Universe and Huff. On film she played Ms. Indestructible, the female lead in James Gunn's low-budget superhero comedy The Specials (2000). She played Amy Pierson, a calculus teacher afraid of the water, in the independent film The Big Bad Swim, which premiered at the 2006 Tribeca Film Festival.
In 2005, she began voice work as Judy Ken Sebben / Birdgirl, a recurring character on the animated series Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law (and later played a similar guest character on American Dad!).
Brewster had a long run with the show Criminal Minds, playing multilingual Supervisory Special Agent Emily Prentiss until the show's sixth season, when she and A. J. Cook were released from their contracts by CBS in a cost-cutting move. Owing to complaints from fans, both she and Cook were rehired and kept for the following season. In February 2012, Brewster announced via Deadline that she was leaving Criminal Minds at the end of the season to return to her comedic and sitcom roots. Brewster reprised her role as Emily Prentiss in season nine for the 200th episode, and season 11 as a special guest star. In 2016, Brewster returned to Criminal Minds once again as a series regular.
Brewster subsequently portrayed bureau chief PDA Paula Foster in the Public Integrity Unit of the District Attorney's office on NBC's long-running police drama Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. Her character handled the case against SVU commanding officer Captain Donald Cragen (Dann Florek), suspected of murder after awakening next to a dead woman in the 13th-season finale.
Brewster was a regular on The Thrilling Adventure Hour, a staged production in the style of old-time radio that was recorded monthly at Largo in Los Angeles. She played the recurring character of Sadie Doyle, the alcoholic socialite who can communicate with the supernatural alongside her husband, Frank (Paul F. Tompkins), in the "Beyond Belief" segments. In early April 2013, Brewster appeared in Modern Family as Trish in episode 20, "Flip Flop", playing an art expert who is dating Gloria's ex-husband, Javier. In August 2013, Brewster appeared in episode 106 of the Drunk History television series on Comedy Central. In January 2015, Brewster began appearing on Community. In February 2014, it was announced that she had been cast in a new ABC comedy called St. Francis. In August 2016, it was announced that she would be reprising her role as Emily Prentiss on Criminal Minds and would once again be a series regular. Brewster also regularly appears on Will You Accept This Rose, a Nerdist podcast hosted by Arden Myrin about The Bachelor franchise.
Personal life
On the March 30, 2006, episode of Late Night with Conan O'Brien, Brewster revealed that she had received a handwritten note indicating Hugh Hefner would like her to pose for Playboy. She seriously considered the offer, but even though she said that she admired Playboy more than magazines such as Maxim and FHM, and her parents gave her their blessing, she eventually turned it down.
She has volunteered as an actress with the Los Angeles Young Storytellers Program.
On March 17, 2013, Brewster became engaged to Steve Damstra, a member of the bands Folded Light and Whirlwind Heat. Brewster and Damstra married on November 28, 2014, in Los Angeles, in a ceremony officiated by Matthew Gray Gubler, their close friend and Brewster's Criminal Minds co-star. , the couple resides in Los Angeles.
Filmography
Film
Television
Web
References
External links
20th-century American actresses
20th-century American singers
20th-century American women singers
21st-century American actresses
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Actresses from Massachusetts
American film actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
American voice actresses
Living people
People from Concord, Massachusetts
Television personalities from San Francisco
Year of birth missing (living people)
The (Italian; Volta Temple in English) is a museum in the city of Como, Italy that is dedicated to Alessandro Volta, a prolific scientist and the inventor of the electrical battery. Volta was born in Como in 1745, held his first professorship there until 1779, and retired to Como in 1819.
The neoclassical building was designed by Federico Frigerio (1873–1959). It was completed in 1927 to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the scientist's death, but was inaugurated in 1928. It hosts a collection of scientific instruments used by the physicist including his early voltaic piles (batteries). The first floor has a display of his personal belongings and his awards.
In 1984 the museum was featured on the back of the 10,000 lire banknote. Volta's portrait was depicted on the front of the same banknote. The notes circulated until 2001, when the Euro notes replaced them. Banknotes based on the Italian lira have since been replaced by notes denominated in Euros.
Near the Tempio Voltiano are the new statue by Daniel Libeskind named Life Electric and the Faro Voltiano. both dedicated to Volta.
References
Further reading
Neoclassical architecture in Lombardy
Buildings and structures in Como
Infrastructure completed in 1927
Voltiano
Biographical museums in Italy
Science museums in Italy
Alessandro Volta
The Jaisalmer Folklore Museum is a natural history museum located on the banks of Garsisar Lake, in Mehar Bagh Garden, Jaisalmer, in the Indian state of Rajasthan. The museum was founded by NK Sharma. The museum has different sections such as photographs section, costumes, fossils, ornaments of horses and camels, jewellery, and coterie of paintings. Videos of music instruments and traditional dances can be seen in the museum.
There is an entry charge to visit the museum.
References
External links
Museums in Rajasthan
Natural history museums in India
Jaisalmer
Folk museums in Asia
Rajasthani folklore
Indian folk culture
Claudia Anne Hammond (born 23 May 1971) is a British author, TV presenter, and frequent radio presenter on the BBC World Service and BBC Radio 4.
Early life
Hammond was born in the market town of Biggleswade in Bedfordshire on 23 May 1971, and grew up in the county.
Education
She was educated at Dame Alice Harpur School (a former independent school for girls in Bedford that is now part of Bedford Girls' School) which she left in 1989. She then studied applied psychology at the University of Sussex, moving on to the University of Surrey, where she gained an MSc in health psychology, carrying out research into doctor–patient communication in a breast cancer unit.
Career
Author
Hammond is the author of four books, including Mind Over Money: the psychology of money and how to use it better, published in May 2016 by Canongate Books. The Telegraph newspaper described this as: "Part fascinating psychological exploration, part practical guide - exposing the myriad ways money messes with our heads and suggesting means by which we might get a handle on it".
Her first book, Emotional Rollercoaster, published in 2005, was on the science of emotions. Reviews were positive; one said that although it contained "rare errors" these mistakes are "vastly outweighed by the wealth of fascinating observations", and that "humour, sensitivity and warmth... emanate from every page".
Hammond's second book, Time Warped: Unlocking the Mysteries of Time Perception, was published by Canongate in May 2012. The Financial Times called it "a fascinating and at times mind-boggling book that will change the way you think about time".
In 2019, Canongate published her book The Art of Rest. The book draws on research from "The Rest Test", the largest global survey into rest, which was completed by 18,000 people across 135 different countries.
Radio presenter
Hammond has said that her decision to attempt to work in radio came early in her life and quite suddenly. "I was at a children's book festival and, after I had queued up to get Roald Dahl's autograph, he asked me what I wanted to do when I grew up. I'm told I said "I want to work in radio". That was the first my parents knew about it. It was probably the first time I realised." She presents programmes about psychology on BBC Radio 4, including All in the Mind. She also presents Health Check on BBC World Service Radio. In 2020, she presented Inside Health – the Virus, a version of Inside Health in the wake of the coronavirus 2020 pandemic. In October 2020, she presented the BBC Radio 4 programme The Touch Test, analysing results of a survey into the sense of touch. She also presented a 1: 45 programme called The Anatomy of Touch.
In March 2022, she presented the Radio 4 programme The Anatomy of Kindness, dealing with the results of the Kindness Test, a survey in which 60,000 respondents completed a questionnaire asking about human kindness.
TV presenter
In addition to presenting Health Check on BBC World News every Friday, Hammond has appeared on several other TV programmes (such as The One Show and BBC Breakfast) commenting on psychological topics. In the past, as a reporter, she covered science and medical issues for Channel 5 News.
Journalistic philosophy
Hammond has said she tries to "give people a better understanding of the role psychology plays. Helping people articulate and get across a seemingly technical piece of good research is central to my approach. I also like bringing different specialists together – it's amazing how often people who are hugely expert in one area of psychology know next to nothing about related work in a slightly different field."
Despite her varied portfolio, Hammond gave 'be choosy' as a piece of careers advice in one interview:
"Popular programmes are fine – "I sometimes go on Richard & Judy to talk about psychological research – but if I think a show is going to dumb it down, I say no. And sometimes what they're looking for is a qualified therapist, and that's not me."
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Claudia Hammond homepage
BBC World Service presenter profile (including a video).
Emotional Rollercoaster on ISBNDb
Review of Emotional Rollercoaster in The Independent
1971 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Surrey
Alumni of the University of Sussex
BBC newsreaders and journalists
BBC Radio 4 presenters
BBC World Service
British journalists
British radio presenters
British women psychologists
British women television journalists
English psychologists
People educated at Dame Alice Harpur School
People from Bedfordshire
People from Biggleswade
Recipients of the President's Medal (British Academy)
Women radio presenters
Robert Hollis (14 January 1851 – 25 May 1937) was an English-born Australian politician.
He was born at Belper in Derbyshire to labourer Robert Hollis and Mary Ann Wragg. He worked in the railways from the age of thirteen, becoming an engine driver in 1878. In 1875, he married Alice Turton at Ripley; they would have six children. Hollis was active in the local Liberal Party, and following his emigration to Australia he was a founding member of the Labour Party in 1891. A prominent member of the Locomotive Engine Drivers, Firemen and Cleaners Association, he was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in 1901 as the Labor member for Newtown-Erskine, moving to Newtown in 1904. He was a Labor backbencher until 1916, when he was expelled from the party for supporting conscription; he followed the Premier, William Holman, into the Nationalist Party, but was defeated at the elections in 1917. Hollis died at Ashfield in 1937.
References
1851 births
1937 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
La Llama Eterna is the first studio album by the Asturian power metal band Avalanch, released in 1997. This work was later released in English under the name Eternal Flame on April 17, 2002.
Track listing
"La Llama Eterna" – 5:08
"El Mundo Perdido" – 6:29
"El Despertar" – 1:17
"Vicio Letal" – 4:52
"Esclavo de la Ira" – 5:35
"Avalon, la Morada del Rey Arturo" – 1:12
"Excalibur" – 6:22
"Sigue así" – 4:43
"Rainbow Warrior" – 5:58
"Juego cruel" – 6:05
"La Taberna" – 3:30
"Avalanch" – 12:33
"El Cierre de la Taberna – 2:01
Personnel
Vocals: Juan Lozano
Bass: Francisco Fidalgo
Chorus: Elena Pérez Herrero, Mauricio Septién, Fernando Mon, Juan Moyano
Percussion: Fernando Arias
Flute: Lluis
The rest of the instruments: Alberto Rionda
References
1997 albums
Avalanch albums
Tehreek-e-Azaadi Jammu and Kashmir (तहरीक-ए-आज़ादी जम्मू और कश्मीर) abbreviated as TAJK is a terrorist front organisation, run by Hafiz Muhammad Saeed. By Indian government, It is claimed to be a front for Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD). In June 2017, it was banned by Pakistan after India raised the issue at the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), a global anti-financial terror body at Paris in February 2017. On 8 June 2017, TAJK was placed on the list of "proscribed organisations" by the National Counterterrorism Authority (NCTA), an Internal Counterterrorism Authority of Pakistan under Interior Ministry.
See also
Lashkar-e-Taiba
All Parties Hurriyat Conference
Kashmir conflict
al Qaeda
List of designated terrorist organizations
References
Hafiz Muhammad Saeed
2017 establishments in Pakistan
Organizations established in 2017
Far-right politics in Pakistan
Jihadist groups in India
Jihadist groups in Pakistan
Jihadist groups in Jammu and Kashmir
Organisations designated as terrorist by India
Organizations designated as terrorist in Asia
Organisations designated as terrorist by Pakistan
Ahl-i Hadith
Organizations designated as terrorist by the United States
Islamist front organizations
Castle Hill railway station is an underground rapid transit station built by the Metro Trains Sydney consortium at Old Castle Hill Road, Castle Hill, in Sydney, Australia. The station, located opposite the Castle Towers shopping centre, was built as part of Transport for NSW's Sydney Metro Northwest project, to serve train services to Rouse Hill and Chatswood. The station is planned to eventually serve trains to the Sydney central business district and Bankstown as part of the government's 20-year Sydney's Rail Future strategy.
History
The NSW Government announced a future railway line from Epping to Castle Hill as part of its Action for Public Transport strategy in 1998. In the years that followed, Castle Hill Station formed part of successive north-western rail proposals, including the Metropolitan Rail Expansion Plan in 2005 and a short-lived metro proposal in 2008.
Work on the North West Rail Link got underway with the election of the O'Farrell Government in 2011. The new station was opened to passengers 26 May 2019. The station is operated by Metro Trains Sydney which was also responsible for the design of the station as part of its Operations, Trains and Systems contract with Transport for NSW.
The underground pedestrian tunnel to Castle Towers opened on 5 December 2019 in conjunction with the mall's expansion.
Services
Castle Hill has two platforms and two crossovers, which can be used to terminate westbound trains on either platform if there is a problem on the line. It is served by Metro North West Line services. Castle Hill station is served by a number of bus routes operated by Busways and Hillsbus.
References
External links
Castle Hill Station description at Sydney Metro Northwest project website
Northwest Rapid Transit corporate website
Castle Hill Station details Transport for New South Wales (Archived 17 June 2019)
Easy Access railway stations in Sydney
Sydney Metro stations located underground
Railway stations in Australia opened in 2019
Castle Hill, New South Wales
The Hills Shire
Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Jean-Marc (Françoise ou La vie conjugale) is a 1964 French film directed by André Cayatte telling the story of a marriage break-up told from the woman's point of view.
The film's companion piece Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Françoise tells the story from the man's point of view.
Cast
Jacques Charrier as Jean-Marc
Marie-José Nat as Françoise
Michel Subor as Roger
Macha Méril as Nicole
Alfred Adam as Fernand Aubry
Giani Esposito as Ettore
Jacques Monod as Rouquier
Yves Vincent as Granjouan
Blanchette Brunoy as Mme Aubry
Jacqueline Porel as Line
Jean-Henri Chambois as The president
Rosita Fernández as The maid
as Mme Monier
Yvan Chiffre as Christian
Corinne Armand as Christine
Julien Verdier as The doorman
Henri Crémieux as Rancoule
Michel Tureau as Milou
Marie-Claude Breton as Minouche
Michèle Girardon as Patricia
Georges Rivière as Philippe
Reception
In a joint review of the two films, Bosley Crowther of The New York Times wrote that the two main actors "skillfully [portrayed] the characteristics of nobility and selflessness or pettiness and shame" but that "the two main characters in these films are distinctly commonplace people, inadequate to responsibility, immature and hardly worth the exceptional attention that is given to them".
References
External links
1964 films
Films directed by André Cayatte
1964 drama films
1960s French-language films
French black-and-white films
1960s French films
The Military Information Division (MID) was the first military intelligence branch of the United States Army and the United States Department of War, operating from 1885 to 1903.
History
The MID was established by Brigadier General Richard C. Drum, the then Adjutant General of the United States Army in October 1885 under his office in Washington, DC. Thus becoming the de facto first standing military intelligence agency of the United States. While the Union Army had a Bureau of Military Information, it reported to the Commanding General for less than a year prior to being disbanded at the end of the Civil War in 1865.
The original duties of the MID consisted of collecting military data on foreign nations. Drum also asked senior Army commanders to have their officers to submit intelligence reports from their travels to foreign nations. "Initially, the division acted as a relatively passive repository for military related information." In 1889, the MID saw the formation of, directed and controlled what became the Defense Attaché System, with the United States Armed Forces officers being dispatched to London, Berlin, Paris, Vienna, and St. Petersburg. The Secretary of War, Redfield Proctor, required all information from the attachés to be analysed by the MID. "By 1898, the MID had 16 attaché posts in Europe, Mexico, and Japan. Until the early 1940s, the attaché system constituted the foundation of the Army's strategic collection effort."
Spanish–American War
With the beginning of the Spanish–American War in April 1898, the United States Army entered a conflict with existing military intelligence preparation for the first time. Since 1882, the MID had been collecting terrain and order of battle intelligence on the Spanish in Cuba and the Caribbean and had consequently produced detailed maps of likely theaters of operation. Such intelligence was assisted by the reports of the United States Army attaché in Madrid, Captain Tasker H. Bliss who became the Chief of Staff of the United States Army, on Spanish deployments in the region. In April 1898, the Chief of MID, Major Arthur L. Wagner ordered two experienced military observers of MID to be deployed to the region to collect specific information on Spanish defence capabilities before the deployment of American forces. First Lieutenant Andrew S. Rowan was deployed to Cuba and First Lieutenant Henry H. Whitney was deployed to Puerto Rico. "As the war progressed, the MID published comprehensive handbooks for both Caribbean countries." The Spanish–American War ended in August 1898 with an American victory.
Philippine–American War
After the American naval victory in the Battle of Manila Bay of May 1898, the American troops were deployed to the Philippines in July 1898. With American victory in the Spanish–American War in August 1898, fighting broke out as the Filipinos sought independence. This led to the Philippine–American War in June 1899. Consequently, the American Military Governor of the Philippines formed the Bureau of Insurgent Records (BIR) to translate and collate captured documents and to provide information about the Filipino forces beyond tactical reconnaissance. In December 1900, the bureau became the Division of Military Information (DMI) under the United States Military Government of the Philippines and was responsible for military intelligence and counterinsurgency capabilities. The Chief of DMI, Captain Ralph Van Deman who had served on the staff of the Chief of MID Major Arthur L. Wagner and was later called the "Father of American Military Intelligence", expanded the capabilities of the DMI to include a mapping section, improved liaison with other agencies, relayed intelligence to the field commanders, provided photographs and descriptions of known Filipino insurgents, and coordinated localised intelligence officers to gather information on the surrounding terrain, attitudes of local villagers, and the dispositions of Filipino insurgent groups. In 1902, the DMI became a branch the MID with the end of the Philippine–American War in July 1902.
Reorganisation into Army General Staff
In 1903, Secretary of War Elihu Root reorganised the United States Department of War and also established the United States Army General Staff to coordinate and perform administrative, planning and intelligence functions. The Second Division of the United States Army General Staff consequently acquired the MID from the Adjutant General's Office. The Second Division was given four major duties: collecting and disseminating information on foreign countries; directing the work of the attaché system; supervising mapping, and maintaining a reference collection. "For the moment, the intelligence function had achieved equal standing with other staff missions."
See also
Cuban Pacification
United States Army Military Intelligence Corps
United States Army Intelligence and Security Command
Office of Naval Intelligence
Military Intelligence Division (United States Army)
G-2 (intelligence)
References
Further reading
Government, Intelligence in the Civil War. Washington, D.C., Central Intelligence Agency, 2005.
Records of the Military Intelligence Division
Army Lineage Series: Military Intelligence
Military units and formations established in 1885
Defunct United States intelligence agencies
Military intelligence agencies
Llangwyfan named after St. Cwyfan is a hamlet in the community of Aberffraw, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 130.8 miles (210.6 km) from Cardiff and 218 miles (350.8 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Area codes 614 and 380 are telephone area codes in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) for all or part of four counties in central Ohio, surrounding and including the state capital of Columbus. Area code 614 is one of the original area codes assigned for Ohio in 1947, while area code 380 is an overlay code covering the same territory.
History
The first nationwide telephone numbering plan of 1947 divided Ohio into four numbering plan areas (NPAs), roughly forming a quadrant layout for telecommunication services in the state.
Area code 614 was assigned to the southeastern quadrant, from Columbus to the Ohio River along the West Virginia border, stretching as far north as Steubenville.
Despite central Ohio's growth in the second half of the 20th century, this configuration remained in place for 51 years. In 1998, nearly all of the southern portion of the old 614 territory was split into the new area code 740. Ameritech, at that time the predominant incumbent local exchange carrier (ILEC), had proposed a split of 614 which generally would have seen Franklin, Delaware and Marion counties retaining 614, with the rest of the Columbus suburbs following the rural portion of the old 614 into the new 740.
A complaint before the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio (PUCO) claiming unequal treatment of the suburban counties was brought by Granville attorney J. Drew McFarland, later joined by the Village of Granville, Licking and Fairfield counties and others, wishing for an overlay area code. The PUCO instead reduced the 614 footprint to Columbus itself (which is mostly in Franklin County, with portions spilling into Delaware and Fairfield counties) and Franklin County. A subsequent appeal made slight variations that allowed all of Dublin and Westerville to retain 614 (both cities are mostly in Franklin County, but spill into neighboring counties) and most of Pickerington (which is mostly in Fairfield County but does spill into Franklin) to remain in 614 as well. The case represented the first time nationally that an ILEC's plan was substantially modified by consumer action. The reconfigured 614 now comprised all of Franklin County and portions of Delaware, Fairfield and Union counties.
With 614 reduced to be all but synonymous with Columbus, it appears on some T-shirt designs that use 614 as an abbreviation or short form to identify the city.
In 2001, it was planned to overlay area code 614 with area code 380, in anticipation of exhaustion. However, the anticipated growth did not materialize and number pooling replaced the proposal. On January 14, 2015 the PUCO instructed the telecommunications industry to finally implement the new area code on February 27, 2016. Ten-digit local dialing has been required since January 30, 2016.
See also
List of NANP area codes
References
External links
Telecommunications-related introductions in 1947
614
614
Bhojpur is a village in Sambalpur district, Odisha, India.
Geography
It is located at , at an elevation of 269 m above MSL.
Location
National Highway 200 passes through Bhojpur. It is 13 km from Kuchinda.
References
Cities and towns in Sambalpur district
Anthony Evan Hecht (January 16, 1923 – October 20, 2004) was an American poet. His work combined a deep interest in form with a passionate desire to confront the horrors of 20th century history, with the Second World War, in which he fought, and the Holocaust being recurrent themes in his work.
Biography
Early years
Hecht was born in New York City to German-Jewish parents. He was educated at various schools in the city – he was a classmate of Jack Kerouac at Horace Mann School – but showed no great academic ability, something he would later refer to as "conspicuous". However, as a freshman English student at Bard College in New York he discovered the works of Wallace Stevens, W. H. Auden, T. S. Eliot, and Dylan Thomas. It was at this point that he decided he would become a poet. Hecht's parents were not happy at his plans and tried to discourage them, even getting family friend Ted Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss, to attempt to dissuade him.
In 1944, upon completing his final year at Bard, Hecht was drafted into the 97th Infantry Division and was sent to the battlefields in Europe. He saw combat in Germany in the "Ruhr Pocket" and in Cheb in Czechoslovakia. However, his most significant experience occurred on April 23, 1945, when Hecht's division helped liberate Flossenbürg concentration camp. Hecht was ordered to interview French prisoners in the hope of gathering evidence on the camp's commanders. Years later, Hecht said of this experience, The place, the suffering, the prisoners' accounts were beyond comprehension. For years after I would wake shrieking.
Career
After the war ended, Hecht was sent to Occupied Japan, where he became a staff writer with Stars and Stripes. He returned to the US in March 1946 and immediately took advantage of the G.I. bill to study under the poet-critic John Crowe Ransom at Kenyon College, Ohio. Here he came into contact with fellow poets such as Randall Jarrell, Elizabeth Bishop, and Allen Tate. He later received his master's degree from Columbia University. In 1947 Hecht attended the University of Iowa and taught in the Iowa Writers' Workshop, together with writer Robie Macauley, with whom Hecht had served during World War II, but, suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder after his war service, gave it up swiftly to enter psychoanalysis.
In spring, 1947, he taught at Kenyon. His first poems, "Once Removed" and "To a Soldier Killed in Germany", were published in The Kenyon Review. Later that year, he suffered a nervous breakdown and returned to his parents' home in New York City and entered psychoanalysis.
In 1948, his poems begin to appear in The Hudson Review, Poetry, and Furioso. He later won the Furioso Poetry Award and enrolled at Columbia University as a candidate for a master's degree in English literature.
Hecht released his first collection, A Summoning of Stones, in 1954. Even at this stage Hecht's poetry was often compared with that of W. H. Auden, with whom Hecht had become friends in 1951 during a holiday on the Italian island of Ischia, where Auden spent each summer. In 1993 Hecht published The Hidden Law, a critical reading of Auden's body of work. In his second book, The Hard Hours, Hecht first addressed his own experiences of World War II – memories that had caused him to have a nervous breakdown in 1959. Hecht spent three months in hospital following his breakdown, although he was spared electric shock therapy, unlike Sylvia Plath, whom he had encountered while teaching at Smith College.
Hecht's main source of income was as a teacher of poetry, most notably at the University of Rochester, where he taught from 1967 to 1985. He also spent varying lengths of time teaching at other notable institutions such as Smith, Bard, Harvard, Georgetown, and Yale. Between 1982 and 1984, he held the esteemed position of Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress. Hecht won a number of literary awards including: the 1968 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry (for The Hard Hours), the 1983 Bollingen Prize, the 1988 Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize, the 1989 Aiken Taylor Award for Modern American Poetry, the 1997 Wallace Stevens Award, the 1999/2000 Frost Medal, and the Tanning Prize.
Hecht died on October 20, 2004, at his home in Washington, D. C.; he is buried at the cemetery at Bard College. One month later, on November 17, Hecht was awarded the National Medal of Arts, accepted on his behalf by his wife, Helen Hecht.
The Anthony Hecht Poetry Prize is awarded annually by the Waywiser Press.
Literary style, inspirations, and themes
Hecht is known for his masterful use of traditional forms and linguistic control. Extraordinarily erudite, his verse often features allusions to French literature, Greek myth, and tragedy, and English poets and poetry stretching from Wallace Stevens to John Donne.
He is often described as a "traditionalist".
In The Hard Hours (1967), Hecht begins to use his experiences as a soldier in Europe during World War II.
Bibliography
Poetry
A Summoning of Stones (1954)
The Hard Hours (1967)
Millions of Strange Shadows (1977)
The Venetian Vespers (1979)
The Transparent Man (1990)
Collected Earlier Poems (Alfred A. Knopf, Inc., 1990)
Flight Among the Tombs (1998)
The Darkness and the Light (2001)
Collected Later Poems (Alfred A. Knopf, 2003)
Translations
Aeschylus's Seven Against Thebes (1973) (with Helen H. Bacon)
Other Works
Obbligati: Essays in Criticism (1986)
The Hidden Law: The Poetry of W. H. Auden (1993)
On the Laws of the Poetic Art (1995)
Melodies Unheard: Essays on the Mysteries of Poetry (Johns Hopkins University Press) (2003)
Literary Genius: 25 Classic Writers Who Define English & American Literature (2007) (Illustrated by Barry Moser)
References
External links
Modern American Poetry Society
Hecht's page at Academy of American Poets
Anthony Hecht Poetry Prize
Stuart A. Rose Manuscript, Archives, and Rare Book Library, Emory University: Anthony Hecht papers, 1894-2005
United States Army personnel of World War II
American Poets Laureate
American male poets
Bard College alumni
Bard College faculty
Columbia University alumni
Formalist poets
Georgetown University faculty
American people of German-Jewish descent
Harvard University faculty
Iowa Writers' Workshop faculty
Jewish poets
Kenyon College alumni
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry winners
Smith College faculty
United States Army soldiers
United States National Medal of Arts recipients
University of Iowa alumni
University of Rochester faculty
Yale University faculty
Horace Mann School alumni
1923 births
2004 deaths
Bollingen Prize recipients
20th-century American poets
21st-century American poets
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
World War II poets
American expatriates in Japan
Werner Baumann (born 6 October 1962) is a German businessman and chief executive officer (CEO) of Bayer, succeeding Marijn Dekkers on 1 May 2016.
Early life
Werner Baumann was born on 6 October 1962 in Krefeld, Germany. Baumann was the first of his family to attend university, studying economics at RWTH Aachen University and the University of Cologne. Despite having interest in working for an auditing firm, he chose to work at Bayer, thinking he could finish his doctorate degree.
Career
Baumann began working for Bayer, the German multinational, pharmaceutical and life sciences company, in 1988. He started his career in the finance department and later worked under Werner Wenning, current chairman of the supervisory board, as his assistant in Bayer's Spanish business division.
Baumann began to rise through the ranks and went on to hold the position of chief financial officer and chief of strategy. As chief of strategy, Baumann played a key role in the Bayer AG acquisition of Schering in 2006.
In February 2016, Baumann was announced as the next CEO of Bayer, succeeding Marijn Dekkers. After only four weeks as CEO, Baumann launched a US$62 billion all cash takeover bid for Monsanto, an American agricultural, seed, and agrochemical company. The acquisition took over 20 months to complete and closed on 7 June 2018. Losses for Bayer investors reach tens of billions of Euros just two years after the acquisition. His position as CEO of Bayer has been renewed in 2020 until 2024 before the general meeting of shareholders that will take place in 2021.
Other activities
Baden-Badener Unternehmer-Gespräche (BBUG), Member of the Board of Trustees
German Future Prize, Member of the Board of Trustees
Personal life
Baumann is married, with four children and resides in Krefeld, Germany.
References
1962 births
German chief executives
Living people
People from Krefeld
Bayer people
WCVP may refer to:
WCVP (AM), a radio station (600 AM) licensed to Murphy, North Carolina, United States
WCVP-FM, a radio station (95.9 FM) licensed to Robbinsville, North Carolina, United States
Linda Ryan is a Cypriot international lawn bowler who has won 19 titles at the Cypriot National Championships.
Bowls career
In 2009 she won a medal at the European Bowls Championships. She won a pairs silver medal with Fran Davis, at the 2015 Atlantic Bowls Championships held in her home country
Ryan was selected as part of the two woman team by Cyprus for the 2016 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was held in Avonhead, Christchurch, New Zealand. In 2017, she won her second European Championships medal.
References
Living people
Cypriot bowls players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Amediella may refer to:
A genus of gall midges in the family Cecidomyiidae, Amediella (fly)
A monotypic subgenus of lesser dung flies in the genus Minilimosina, Minilimosina endrodyi
Davi Ramos (born November 5, 1986) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist and Brazilian jiu jitsu practitioner who competes in the Lightweight division of Absolute Championship Akhmat (ACA). A professional since 2010, he most notably competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Ramos made his professional MMA debut in July 2010. Over the next six years, he amassed a record of 6 wins against 1 defeat.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Ramos made his UFC debut in March 2017 as a replacement for Max Griffin against Sérgio Moraes at UFC Fight Night: Belfort vs. Gastelum. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
In his second fight for the promotion, Ramos faced Chris Gruetzemacher on December 9, 2017 at UFC Fight Night: Swanson vs. Ortega. He won the fight via rear-naked choke submission in the third round.
For his third fight with the promotion, Ramos faced Nick Hein on May 12, 2018 at UFC 224. He won the fight via rear-naked choke submission in the first round.
Ramos faced John Gunther on November 10, 2018 at UFC Fight Night 139. He won the fight via a rear-naked choke in round one.
Ramos faced promotional newcomer Austin Hubbard on May 18, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 152. He won the fight via unanimous decision.
Ramos faced Islam Makhachev on September 7, 2019 at UFC 242. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Ramos was expected to face Arman Tsarukyan on April 11, 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Overeem vs. Harris. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the event was eventually postponed . The bout eventually moved to UFC Fight Night 172 on July 19, 2020. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
After two years off not being offered a new contract and not having any bouts booked, Ramos requested and was granted a release from the UFC.
Absolute Championship Akhmat
After his release, Ramos signed with ACA, announcing that he would compete in the ACA Lightweight Grand Prix, with his first bout being against Artem Reznikov at ACA 140 on June 17, 2022. He lost the bout via unanimous decision.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|10–5
|Artem Reznikov
|Decision (unanimous)
|ACA 140: Ramos vs. Reznikov
|
|align=center|5
|align=center|5:00
|Sochi, Russia
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|10–4
|Arman Tsarukyan
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Figueiredo vs. Benavidez 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|10–3
|Islam Makhachev
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 242
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–2
|Austin Hubbard
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: dos Anjos vs. Lee
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Rochester, New York, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 9–2
|John Gunther
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Korean Zombie vs. Rodríguez
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 1:57
|Denver, Colorado, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 8–2
|Nick Hein
|Submission (rear-naked choke)
|UFC 224
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 4:15
|Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–2
| Chris Gruetzemacher
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| UFC Fight Night: Swanson vs. Ortega
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 0:50
| Fresno, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–2
| Sérgio Moraes
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC Fight Night: Belfort vs. Gastelum
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Fortaleza, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–1
| Nick Piedmont
| Decision (unanimous)
| Phoenix FC 1
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Zouk Mikael, Lebanon
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–1
| Mike Flach
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| RFA 42: Giagos vs. Estrazulas
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:07
| Visalia, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 4–1
| David Rickels
| Decision (unanimous)
| Bellator 130
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Mulvane, Kansas, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Claudiere Freitas
| Submission (armbar)
| Talent MMA Circuit 8
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:07
| Valinhos, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| José Alberto Quiñónez
| TKO (punches)
| EFA: Mexico vs. Brazil
|
| align=center| N/A
| align=center| N/A
| Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Mexico
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Rony Silva
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Nitrix Champion Fight 16
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:03
| Americana, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Juan Manuel Puig
| Submission
| CXC: Battle at the Beach
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:36
| Cabo San Lucas, Mexico
|
References
External links
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
Lightweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Living people
1986 births
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
The Clyde was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales which was creating in 1904, named after the Clyde River and replacing Moruya. It was abolished in 1913 and replaced by Bega.
Members for The Clyde
Election results
1910
1907
1904
References
Clyde
Constituencies established in 1904
Constituencies disestablished in 1913
1904 establishments in Australia
1913 disestablishments in Australia
is a 1958 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Haku Komori and produced by Shintoho.
Cast
Kinuko Obata
Toshio Hosokawa (actor) (細川俊夫)
James P. Hughes
Yōko Mihara
See also
Soldier Girls, 1981 documentary film
Soldier's Girl, 2003 film
References
External links
Japanese black-and-white films
1958 films
Films directed by Haku Komori
1950s Japanese films
The 1985-86 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Toulouse that beat Agen in the final.
Formula
The 40 clubs were divided in 4 pools of ten.
The best two teams of each pool were admitted directly to the "last 16", while the teams classified from 3rd to 6th played a barrage
Qualification round
The teams are listed as the ranking, in bold the teams admitted directly to "last 16" round.
Knockout stages
Barrage
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale 1986 lnr.fr
1986
France 1986
Championship
Wabash County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 11,947. Its county seat is Mount Carmel. It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known locally as "Little Egypt".
History
Wabash County was formed in 1824 out of Edwards County. This averted t an armed confrontation between the militias of Albion and Mt. Carmel after the county seat was moved from a town near the current city of Mount Carmel to Albion.
The county is named for the Wabash River, which forms its eastern and southern borders. The name "Wabash" is an English spelling of the French name for the river, "Ouabache."''' French traders named the river after the Miami Indian word for the river, "Wabashike," (pronounced "Wah-bah-she-keh"), the word for "pure white." Much of the river bottom is white limestone, now obscured by mud.
A remnant of the county's original Eastern Woodlands ecosystem can be found in the Forest of the Wabash'', located within the county's Beall Woods State Park.
In the 1920s a notable hotel and resort operated in Wabash County nearby the Grand Rapids Dam on the Wabash River. Named the Grand Rapids Hotel, it was owned by Frederick Hinde Zimmerman. During the hotel's nine-year existence, it catered to individuals from all over the United States. In July 2011, John Matthew Nolan published a detailed history of the Grand Rapids Hotel.
Earthquake
On the morning of April 18, 2008, at 4:37am local time, one of the largest earthquakes in Illinois history hit the area. The epicenter of this tremor was in Lick Prairie Township, near the middle of the county. The tremor was felt for a wide radius, more than 400 miles away in Nebraska.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.9%) is water. It is the fifth-smallest county in Illinois by area.
Two rivers, the Wabash River to the east and the Little Wabash River to the west join at the southern tip of the county; the Little Wabash separating the two counties, Wabash County from the Edwards County.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Mount Carmel have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Major highways
Illinois Route 1
Illinois Route 15
Adjacent counties
Lawrence County - north
Knox County, Indiana - northeast
Gibson County, Indiana - south and mostly east
Edwards County - west
Richland County - northwest
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 11,947 people, 5,012 households, and 3,310 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,585 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.9% white, 0.6% black or African American, 0.6% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.5% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.6% were German, 12.3% were English, 11.7% were American, and 8.4% were Irish.
Of the 5,012 households, 29.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were married couples living together, 9.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 34.0% were non-families, and 29.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.91. The median age was 42.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $46,026 and the median income for a family was $55,611. Males had a median income of $44,932 versus $28,292 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,350. About 7.2% of families and 13.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.2% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Mount Carmel (seat)
Villages
Allendale
Bellmont
Keensburg
Unincorporated communities
Adams Corner
Cowling
Friendsville
Lancaster
Maud
Odgen
Rochester
Precincts
Wabash County is one of 17 Illinois counties that use the term precinct instead of township.
Bellmont (Bellmont)
Coffee (Keensburg)
Compton (East Grayville)
Friendsville (Friendsville)
Lancaster (Lancaster)
Lick Prairie (Lick Prairie)
Mount Carmel (Mount Carmel)
Wabash (Allendale)
Wabash County precincts and their boundaries
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wabash County
Grand Rapids Hotel
Grand Rapids Dam
Hanging Rock (Wabash River)
Charles T. Hinde
Thomas S. Hinde
Frederick Hinde Zimmerman
References
Illinois counties
Illinois placenames of Native American origin
Wabash County, Illinois
1824 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1824
McCredie Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 760.
History
McCredie Township was created sometime between 1883 and 1897 from what was before then, generally speaking, the southern sector of a much larger historic Liberty Township, with some alterations of adjacent township boundaries.
McCredie was the name of a prominent local family.
The main town, long named McCredie, was fused into the incorporation of the village of Kingdom City in 1970.
Geography
McCredie Township covers an area of and contains one incorporated settlement, Kingdom City, plus rural homes.
The streams of Allen Branch, Leeper Branch, McKinney Creek, Rocky Branch and Sallees Branch run through this township.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
The Sulaymaniyya Takiyya (), known in Turkish as , is a takiyya (Ottoman-era Arabic name for a mosque complex which served as a Sufi convent) in Damascus, Syria, located on the right bank of the Barada River. Commissioned by the Ottoman sultan Süleyman I, the western building of the complex was built, following the plans of Mimar Sinan, between 1554 and 1559. Another building was added eastwards from it in 1566 to be used as a madrasa (which became known as the Salimiyya Madrasa, named after Süleyman's son Selim II, although this building too may have been commissioned by Süleyman before his death).
Although not the first Ottoman building in Damascus (that is considered to have been the Salimiyya Takiyya in as-Salihiyya), the Sulaymaniyya Takiyya is considered to have marked the introduction of the Ottoman architectural style to Damascus. In the centuries following its construction, the Sulaymaniyya Takiyya became an important stop on the "Syrian route" of pilgrims to Mecca, and it is considered to this day "as the most important Ottoman cultural building" in Damascus.
In the cemetery of the complex, the last Ottoman sultan is buried, Mehmed VI, who was forced into exile upon the abolition of the Ottoman sultanate in 1922.
Construction
Sultan Suleiman I who had recently lost two sons, as he executed his son Şehzade Mustafa, followed by Şehzade Cihangir who died of grief, wanted to establish a mosque for the salvation of his soul, so he chose the site of his father Selim I's former palace in Damascus.
Western building
The construction of the western building was commissioned in 1554–55 during the reign of governor Şemsi Pasha, until it was completed in 1558–59. This building was masterminded by Mimar Sinan and built by local craftsmen, on the location of Baibars' Ablaq Palace which was destroyed by Tamerlane forces during the siege of Damascus. It is composed of a large mosque on the southwest side of a courtyard, flanked by a single line of stone arcading, and a soup kitchen (known in Turkish as imaret) across the courtyard to the northwest, flanked by hospice buildings.
Mosque
The mosque has two minarets and Ottoman-style domes. It also has walls with alternating light and dark stripes, an architectural feature known as ablaq and of Syrian origin. The mosque has been described as "the finest example of Ottoman architecture in Damascus".
Eastern building
In addition to the first building and eastwards from it, a madrasa was built in 1566–67. It was possibly ordered by Süleyman right before his death in 1566 as it was called the Sulaymaniyya Madrasa in some sources upon completion, but over time it became known as the Salimiyya Madrasa (after Süleyman's son Selim II), and was subject to the Hanafi school.
Usage history
The complex later served as a gathering point for pilgrims who wanted to prepare for the annual Hajj.
Cemetery
The cemetery next to the mosque is the burial place of the last Ottoman Sultan Mehmed VI, who was dethroned and forced into exile when the Ottoman sultanate was abolished in 1922. He died on May 16, 1926, in Sanremo, Italy and was buried at the cemetery of the Sulaymaniyya Takiyya. The mosque was chosen because it was located in the closest Muslim-majority country to Turkey and was built by his ancestors. There are almost thirty other graves of the Ottoman dynasty who died in exile and were not allowed to be buried in the Republic of Turkey at the time.
Gallery
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Sulaymaniyya Takiyya, Archnet
Mosques completed in 1559
16th-century mosques
Ottoman mosques in Syria
Ottoman architecture in Damascus
Mosques in Damascus
Mimar Sinan buildings
The Honorable Miss Handicap is a Grade II American Thoroughbred horse race for fillies and mares that are three years old or older over a distance of six furlongs on the dirt track scheduled annually in September at Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs, New York. The event currently carries a purse of $200,000.
History
The event is named after the winning mare Honorable Miss who won the Fall Highweight Handicap twice at Belmont Park defeating male company.
The inaugural running of the event was on 3 November 1985 at Aqueduct Racetrack in Queens, New York during the NYRA Big A Fall Meeting as the Honorable Miss Stakes and was won by the three-year-old filly Schematic, who was trained by the US Hall of Fame trainer Nick Zito in a time of 1:10. The following year the distance of the event was increased to 1 mile, and in 1987 the event was moved to Belmont Park and held during the NYRA Fall Meeting in October.
The event was idle for four years, and NYRA resumed it they scheduled the race at Saratoga as a six-furlong sprint race.
In 1996 the event was classified as Grade III and upgraded to Grade II in 2004.
The distance for the event was increased to six and a half furlongs only for the 1993 running.
The event was run in split divisions in 2000.
Records
Speed record:
6 furlongs: 1:08.81 – Minit to Stardom (2019)
Margins:
lengths – Wisla (1986)
Most wins:
2 – Bourbon Belle (1999, 2000)
Most wins by a jockey:
3 – Edgar S. Prado (2002, 2003, 2009)
Most wins by a trainer:
2 – H. Allen Jerkens (1984, 2008)
2 – Peter W. Salmen Jr. (1999, 2000)
2 – Steven M. Asmussen (2005, 2015)
Most wins by an owner:
2 – George & Kay Hofmeister, Donna Salmen & Susan Bunning (1999, 2000)
Winners
Notes:
† In 2015, La Verdad finished first but was later disqualified and unplaced for a drug violation.
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
References
Graded stakes races in the United States
Grade 2 stakes races in the United States
Sprint category horse races for fillies and mares
Horse races in New York (state)
Saratoga Race Course
1985 establishments in New York City
Recurring sporting events established in 1985
Hermann Hänggi (15 October 1894 – 21 November 1978) was a Swiss gymnast and Olympic Champion. He competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics, where he won two gold medals, one silver and one bronze medal.
References
1894 births
1978 deaths
Swiss male artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Switzerland
Olympic gold medalists for Switzerland
Olympic silver medalists for Switzerland
Olympic bronze medalists for Switzerland
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Jens Nickel (born 28 January 1965 in Bad Gandersheim) is one of Germany's leading Ten-pin bowlers. He plays for the bowling team Strikees, Germany and any world championship events.
Jens Nickel became the world champion in 2005 during the world-famous bowling World Tenpin Masters, beating England's Paul Moor in the final and was subsequently crowned World Tenpin Masters champion. Earlier in the year he won the Brunswick Euro Challenge, one of the most prestigious World Ranking Tournaments in Europe.
Jens Nickel is sponsored by the Bowltech Germany bowling company.
Other titles that he has won are 2003 World Championships - Silver Medal - Doubles Event - Bronze Medal and the 2003 and 2005 German Bowler of the Year awards.
His biggest achievements in bowling championships are Gold, European Trios in 1997, Silver in the European Cup Team in 1994, Silver in the World Doubles in 2003, Bronze in European Five-Team in 1989, Bronze in European Trios in 1989, Bronze in the World All Event in 2003 and Bronze in European Trios in 2005.
External links
References
Living people
German ten-pin bowling players
1965 births
Camilla Croudace (29 January 1844 – 3 April 1926) was a British supporter of education for women serving from 1881 to 1906 as Lady Resident at Queens College London.
Life
Croudace was born in Homerton in 1844 to Thomas and Ann Croudace. Her mother was Ann Hester "Camilla" Vignoles and her maternal grandfather was the leading civil engineer Charles Vignoles who built huge bridges. Her mother (born 1818) was christened Ann Hester because her mother was too ill to advise and her father was away, but she too was called "Camilla".
Croudace was educated in London where she went to secondary school at Queens College London where she greatly admired the school's founder F. D. Maurice. Other notable teachers there were Dorothea Beale, R. C. Trench and E. H. Plumptre.
After she left the school she worked as a governess, before she was invited back to become the "Lady Resident". It was not her role to teach but to look after the girls and to ensure discipline and the school's ethos was upheld.
Croudace would invite her favourite pupils to tea. Katherine Mansfield was one of her student admirers and one of her most brilliant students was the traveller Gertrude Bell.
Croudace died in Worthing and was buried in St Peters churchyard in Linchmere.
References
1844 births
1926 deaths
People from the London Borough of Hackney
British governesses
The 1958–59 Copa México was the 42nd edition of the Copa México and the 16th staging in the professional era.
The competition started on March 15, 1959, and concluded on April 26, 1959, with the Final, held at the Estadio Olímpico de la Ciudad de los Deportes in Mexico City, in which Zacatepec defeated León 1–0, a replay of the 1957–58 tournament final.
Preliminary round
|}
Final round
Final
References
Copa MX
1958–59 in Mexican football
1959 domestic association football cups
Quddus Vusika Fielea (Tongan: Kutusi Fielea), (born 1 July 1967) is a former Tongan rugby union footballer and a current coach. He played as a wing.
Fielea had 11 caps for Tonga, from 1987 to 1991, scoring 2 tries, 8 points in aggregate. The Tongan wing played all the three matches at the 1987 Rugby World Cup finals, scoring a try in the 16–29 defeat to Wales.
Fielea after ending his player career, become a coach. He was later nominated coach of Tonga, which qualified by repechage for the 2007 Rugby World Cup campaign. Fielea reached the best results ever for his country, with wins over the United States and Samoa, which had defeated them 50–28 in the qualifying round. Under Fielea, Tonga also lost to South Africa by 25–30, earning a bonus point. It was expected that they could have a similar result with England, but they lost 20–36, still performing strongly. Fielea achieved the qualification for the 2011 Rugby World Cup finals by finishing in 3rd place.
He was the coach of the Pacific Islanders during their tour of Europe in 2008.
External links
Quddus Fielea International Player Statistics
1967 births
Living people
Tongan rugby union players
Tongan rugby union coaches
Rugby union wings
Tonga international rugby union players
The Munster Intermediate Club Hurling Championship (known for sponsorship reasons as the AIB Munster GAA Hurling Intermediate Club Championship) is an annual hurling competition organised by the Munster Council of the Gaelic Athletic Association and contested by the champion intermediate clubs in the province of Munster in Ireland. It is the most prestigious competition for intermediate clubs in Munster hurling.
The Munster Intermediate Club Championship was introduced in 2003. In its current format, the championship begins in late October or early November and is usually played over a four-week period. The six participating club teams compete in a straight knockout competition that culminates with the Munster final for the two remaining teams. The winner of the Munster Intermediate Championship, as well as being presented with the Hoare Cup, qualifies for the subsequent All-Ireland Club Championship.
The competition has been won by 19 teams, however, no team has ever won the championship on more than one occasion. Cork clubs have accumulated the highest number of victories with 7 wins. Kilmoyley's win in the 2021 championship was the first for a Kerry club meaning clubs from all six counties have won at least one title.
Kilmoyley are the reigning champions, having beaten Courcey Rovers by 0-24 to 0-21 in the 2021 final.
The championship
Overview
The Munster Championship is a single elimination tournament. Each team is afforded only one defeat before being eliminated from the championship. Pairings for matches are drawn at random and there is no seeding.
Each match is played as a single leg. If a match is drawn there is a period of extra time, however, if both sides are still level at the end of extra time a replay takes place and so on until a winner is found.
Competition format
Quarter-final: Four teams contest this round. The two winning teams advance directly to the semi-final stage. The two losing teams are eliminated from the championship.
Semi-finals: Four teams contest this round. The two winning teams advance directly to the final. The two losing teams are eliminated from the championship.
Final: The final is contested by the two semi-final winners.
Qualification
The Munster GAA Hurling All-Ireland Intermediate Club Championship features six teams in the final tournament. 87 teams contest the six county club championships with the six respective champions automatically qualifying for the Munster series.
Results
List of finals
Performances by county
Records and statistics
Teams
County representatives
Top scorers
All time
By year
Single game
Finals
References
2
Erimo Seamount (also known as Sisoev Seamount) is a seamount off Hokkaido, Japan. Located close to the intersection between the Kuril-Kamchatka and Japan Trenches, it is in the process of being subducted. The Cretaceous seamount formed 100-120 million years ago and is covered by a limestone cap. Tiltmeters have been installed on its top.
Geography and geomorphology
Regional
Erimo Seamount lies southeast of Cape Erimo of Hokkaido, Japan. The seamount lies close to the intersection between the Kuril–Kamchatka Trench to the northeast and the Japan Trench to the south, and is sometimes used to define the boundary. Erimo Seamount lies oceanward and south and east from the trenches and it forms the northern tip of the Japan Trench; there the Pacific Plate subducts at a rate of , together with the seamounts on it such as Erimo which is currently entering the trench. Other seamounts in the area are Takuyo-Daiichi to the east-northeast and Ryofu-Daini to the east-southeast, and there is evidence of another seamount northwest of Erimo and in the process of being subducted. Unlike other seamounts, Erimo is not part of a seamount chain. Possibly, as such a seamount or a seamount chain subducted it indented the trenches, forming a re-entrant.
Local
The seamount is a guyot which rises about to a depth of , where a flat top is covered by early Cretaceous limestone that contains gastropods, green algae and red algae from that time. Erimo Seamount is cut by normal faults that run parallel to the Kuril-Kamchatka Trench, and the seamount is tilting and beginning to break apart as its subduction starts. It has a volume of about , making it a mid-sized seamount by Pacific Ocean seamount standards, with a northeast-southwest elongated shape and a maximum width of and recognizable rift zones. The crust underneath Erimo contains the magnetic anomaly M8 and has an age of about 120 million years.
Volcanic rocks dredged from Erimo Seamount include alkali basalt, brecciated basalts, silty sandstone, trachyandesites or trachytes. During the Cretaceous, carbonate rocks were emplaced at shallow depth on the seamount, which subsided by about . As the seamount has entered the trench, further subsidence of about has taken place.
Age
Erimo Seamount formed in the Cretaceous in an off-ridge setting but close to a spreading center; it is about 100-120 million years old, while potassium-argon dating has yielded an age of 80 million years and argon-argon dating of 104 ± 9 million years. Cretaceous volcanic activity has generated seamounts all across the Western Pacific Ocean, but Erimo today is inactive. This seamount appears to be part of a large hotspot-generated seamount province whose youngest activity is currently located in French Polynesia.
References
Sources
Cretaceous volcanoes
Seamounts of the Pacific Ocean
Guyots
The outdoor wood boiler is a variant of the classic wood stove adapted for set-up outdoors while still transferring the heat to interior buildings.
Technology
The outdoor wood boiler is a variant on the indoor wood, oil or gas boiler. An outdoor wood boiler or outdoor wood stove is a unit about 4-6 feet wide and around 10 feet long. It is made up of four main parts- the firebox, which can be either round or square, the water jacket, the heat exchanger, and the weather proof housing. The fire box ranges from 2 to 5 feet long and can be as tall as 4 feet. The firebox and heat exchanger are surrounded by water or a glycol-water solution, which absorb heat from the burning wood. The heated water is generally circulated through insulated underground lines to a heating load, where the heat can be transferred from the water to various heat emitters.
Standard outdoor wood furnaces
Standard outdoor wood boilers heat the firebox and the smoke goes out the exhaust straight. If not run hot enough, the exhaust gas will be thick and black, and the resulting ash will not be fully rendered. While functional, these models take more work and are far less efficient than some newer more efficient models.
Catalytic outdoor wood boilers
Some newer outdoor wood boilers have a catalytic converter installed, to allow for a more efficient burn and treatment of the exhaust before it leaves the unit. There is a considerable difference in cost between these and standard units. These are far less popular than gasification outdoor wood boilers.
Secondary combustion (gasification) outdoor wood boilers
Gasifier wood boilers use secondary combustion air to burn additional wood gases. The most sophisticated systems use computer controls to direct air at different stages of the burn process at variable volume.
High efficiency outdoor wood boilers use down draft gasification must meet strict EPA Phase 2 Certification. Outdoor wood gasification boilers can burn between 30% - 50% less fuel than its traditional counterpart.
Outdoor wood boilers are a topic of environmental controversy. An improperly used or built outdoor wood boiler can produce wood smoke with excessive unburned particulate matter, but when properly burned, studies show that burning wood is still one of the most environmentally friendly heating options. In 2007, EPA began a voluntary program to encourage manufacturers to reduce particulate levels. In 2015, the U.S. EPA updated its clean air standards for residential wood heaters, this is a mandatory standard for sales in the United States. The revised regulations apply only to new products and will not affect existing wood heaters. At this point, the only boilers that pass these emission controls are gasification models.
References
Boilers
Heaters
Residential heating
Residential heating appliances
Stoves
Furnaces
The National People's Congress Environment Protection and Resources Conservation Committee () is one of nine special committees of the National People's Congress, the national legislature of the People's Republic of China. The special committee was created during the first session of the 8th National People's Congress in March 1993, and has existed for every National People's Congress since.
Chairpersons
References
Environmental policy in China
Environment Protection and Resources Conservation Committee
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1979 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and Elektrons won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Whirlwind is a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is a recurrent villain of Ant-Man and the Wasp, but he also fought Captain America and Spider-Man, among others.
Publication history
The character first appeared in Tales To Astonish #50 (Dec. 1963) and was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby.
Fictional character biography
David Cannon was born in Kansas City, Missouri. After discovering his mutant power to move at great speeds at an early age, he turns to a life of crime. This eventually brings Cannon, using his first alias as the Human Top and pursuing his career as a jewel thief, into conflict with Giant-Man and the Wasp on several occasions. Defeated each time, Cannon then redesigns his costume and adopts the alias of "Whirlwind", and adopts the identity of Charles Matthews, chauffeur of Janet van Dyne. Whirlwind joined the supervillain group the second Masters of Evil, and participated in a plot to destroy the Avengers. He joined the third Masters of Evil, and participated in a Vermont battle against the Avengers. With Batroc the Leaper and Porcupine, he went on a mission for the Red Skull.
Cannon continues with the Charles Matthews identity, first with the intent of robbing van Dyne, later with the intent of hitting on van Dyne. In the role of Charles, he pines for Janet, making advances when Hank Pym is presumed to be dead during the run in Marvel Feature. Charles is later fired for trying to embezzle Janet's money, and Hank finally discovers that Charles is Whirlwind later on in the series, forcing Whirlwind to abandon the identity.
Whirlwind is then employed by master villain Count Nefaria and joined the Lethal Legion. Nefaria temporarily amplifies the abilities of Whirlwind and super-powered team-mates Power Man and the Living Laser before sending them against the Avengers. The effect, however, is temporary and their combined abilities are drained by Nefaria subsequently defeated by the Avengers. Whirlwind joined the third Masters of Evil in a plan to destroy the Avengers, but caused their defeat by attacking prematurely. Whirlwind later upgrades his costume when joining a new version of the Masters of Evil formed by Baron Zemo. Whirlwind partnered with the Trapster, obtained a new battle armor and weapons from the Tinkerer, and battled Captain America in an attempt to bolster his criminal reputation. He then partnered with the Tiger Shark, traveled to San Francisco to steal an experimental "psycho-circuit", and battled the West Coast Avengers. Whirlwind also shows signs of an obsession with the Wasp, as he forces prostitutes to dress in the Wasp's past costumes and then assaults them.
Whirlwind and the Trapster end up fighting, due to a bounty placed on the former by the up-and-coming criminal mastermind Ricadonna. Trapster glues Whirlwind to the floor just at the start of his spin. He continues twirling, breaking many of his bones, including his spine. He makes a full recovery and is forced to join Baron Zemo's team of Thunderbolts. After leaving them, he gathered a group of villains together and tried to extort money from the Thunderbolts' new director Norman Osborn, but was viciously beaten by Osborn and is now forced to work secretly. In Dark Reign: Zodiac, Cannon is shown as a mole for Zodiac, working as Norman's chauffeur.
Whirlwind later attacks Hank blaming for Janet's death during the "Secret Invasion" and outraged by Pym taking the Wasp codename. He is defeated by the Avengers Academy student Striker. In a conversation between Striker and his mother, it is revealed that she hired Whirlwind to stage the attack to gain publicity for Striker.
Whirlwind was recruited by the Mandarin and Zeke Stane into joining the other villains in a plot to take down Iron Man. Whirlwind receives a new costume from Mandarin and Zeke Stane.
During the "Infinity" storyline, Whirlwind was seen with Blizzard robbing banks when they are approached by Spymaster. Spymaster enlists Whirlwind and Blizzard to help him and the villains he recruited to attack the almost-defenseless Stark Tower.
Whirlwind was hired by Power Broker's "Hench" App to kill Ant-Man as part of the App's demonstration to Darren Cross. When Cross was unwilling to give Power Broker the 1.2 billion dollars he demanded for investment in the Hench app, this caused Power Broker to cancel the demo and cancel Whirlwind's assassination on Ant-Man.
During the "Avengers: Standoff!" storyline, Whirlwind was an inmate of Pleasant Hill, a gated community established by S.H.I.E.L.D. Using Kobik, S.H.I.E.L.D. transformed Whirlwind into a teenager named Scotty. When Baron Zemo and Fixer restored everyone's memories, Whirlwind went on a rampage with Absorbing Man. When the Hood and Titania show up to retrieve Absorbing Man, Whirlwind joins Absorbing Man in siding with Hood's Illuminati.
During the "Opening Salvo" part of the "Secret Empire" storyline, Whirlwind is among the villains that joins the Army of Evil. Whirlwind, Batroc the Leaper, and Living Laser attack a haggard, bearded man in torn World War II army uniform who identifies himself as Steve Rogers. He is assisted by people that appear to be Sam Wilson and Bucky Barnes with both his arms.
In a lead-up to the "Sins Rising" arc, a wheelchair-bound Count Nefaria later forms his latest incarnation of the Lethal Legion with Grey Gargoyle, Living Laser, and Whirlwind in a plot to target the Catalyst. At Empire State University, Dr. Curt Connors reveals the Catalyst to the crowd when the Lethal Legion attacks. While Grey Gargoyle and Whirlwind attack the people present, Living Laser helps Count Nefaria to operate the Catalyst. Spider-Man shows up and has a hard time fighting them due to the fact that his mind was focused on what a revived Sin-Eater did to Overdrive. Sin-Eater shows up and starts using the same gun he used on Overdrive on the Lethal Legion members while taking their powers. All four of them were sent to Ravencroft where they started to act like model inmates. It was mentioned that Whirlwind was attacked by the inmates that he knew.
As a side-effect of Sin-Eater's suicide upon copying Madame Web's precognition revealed that Kindred was using them, Whirlwind and the rest of the Lethal Legion regained their sins and are among the villains that went on a rampage.
During the "Sinister War" storyline, Kindred revived Sin-Eater again and one of the demonic centipedes that emerged from his body took possession of Whirlwind making him one of the members of the Sinful Six.
Powers and abilities
Whirlwind is a mutant who possesses the ability to rotate his body around its lengthwise axis at great speeds, without impairing his ability to see, speak, or interact with his environment (for instance, pick up objects or change clothes). Although he can rotate at subsonic speeds he can only travel in a straight line for a limited time, or fly like a helicopter for an even shorter length of time. He possesses superhuman agility, reflexes, coordination, and balance, and often uses himself as a human battering ram. Whirlwind has the ability to focus air currents generated by his rotation into a jet stream powerful enough to blast a hole through a brick wall, as well as create a windscreen able to deflect matter as massive as a falling boulder. He also has the ability to create small tornadoes.
Whirlwind wears full body armor. Since upgrading his armor, Whirlwind has added to his offensive capabilities via the use of two hardened tool-steel sawblades mounted on metal wrist bracelets, which are driven by two DC servo-motors each and activated by palm switches. He also uses thrown shuriken and razor sharp jacks, whose damaging potential is greatly increased by the velocity of his whirling powers.
Other versions
Heroes Reborn
In the Heroes Reborn reality, Whirlwind is featured as well. This version wears a streamlined suit of armor with multiple blades. He was hired by Hydra to attack Tony Stark. To this end, Whirlwind kidnapped Stark's secretary Pepper Potts and blackmailed Stark to come to the Stark International office on Long Island alone without his "bodyguard" Iron Man (unaware that Stark himself was in reality Iron Man). Going to the office without his Iron Man armor, Tony was more than ready to deal with Whirlwind without his armor. Using various gadgets to defend himself and Pepper, Stark had Whirlwind chase him down to a Stark International Lab. There Tony activated a Kinetic Intake Converter that threatened to destroy Whirlwind if he didn't surrender. Refusing to do so, Whirlwind was engulfed with the converter's energy and killed.
JLA/Avengers
Whirlwind is among the enthralled villains guarding Krona's stronghold. He tries to attack Thor from behind as Thor helps Red Tornado but is shot by Hawkeye.
Old Man Logan
In the pages of Old Man Logan, the elderly Logan awoke on Earth-616 and had a flashback to where Whirlwind, Red Skull, Baron Blood, Count Nefaria, and Spiral were standing over the dead bodies of the superheroes the day when the villains rose and the heroes fell.
In other media
Television
Whirlwind appears in Iron Man, initially voiced by James Avery before Dorian Harewood took over in all subsequent appearances. This version is a henchman of the Mandarin.
Whirlwind appears in The Avengers: United They Stand episode "Command Decision", voiced by Peter Windrem. This version is a member of Baron Helmut Zemo's Masters of Evil.
Whirlwind appears in The Super Hero Squad Show episode "A Brat Walks Among Us". This version is a member of Doctor Doom's Lethal Legion.
Whirlwind appears in The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes, voiced by Troy Baker. Introduced in the episode "The Man in the Anthill", he goes on a rampage after Ulysses Klaw hires him to steal a sonic emitter and fights the Wasp and Ant-Man before being incarcerated at the Big House until S.H.I.E.L.D. can transfer him to the Mutant Response Division's custody. In "Breakout, Part 1" however, Whirlwind and his fellow inmates escape due to a technological problem. In "Assault on 42", Whirlwind is apprehended by the Avengers and placed in the eponymous Prison 42. When Annihilus leads the Annihilation Wave in an attack against the prison, Whirlwind joins forces with the other inmates and the Avengers to fight them off, only to be killed during the fight.
Whirlwind appears in the Ultimate Spider-Man episode "Me Time", voiced by Tom Kenny.
Whirlwind appears in the Avengers Assemble episode "Spectrums", voiced again by Tom Kenny.
Whirlwind appears in the Ant-Man episode "Not a Date", voiced by Fred Tatasciore.
Whirlwind appears in the M.O.D.O.K. episode "Days of Future M.O.D.O.K.s", voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson.
Video games
Whirlwind appears as the first boss in Captain America and the Avengers.
Whirlwind appears in Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 2, voiced by Adam Jennings. This version is among several supervillains controlled with nanites and forced to help either the Anti-Registration or the Pro-Registration side. When the nanites fall under the Fold's control, Whirlwind joins the other villains in attacking both sides at the portal to Prison 42. He later attacks the heroes at the Fold's tower.
Whirlwind appears as a boss and playable character in Lego Marvel's Avengers, as part of the "Masters of Evil" DLC pack.
Whirlwind appears in Marvel: Avengers Alliance 2.
References
External links
Whirlwind at Marvel.com
Comics characters introduced in 1963
Characters created by Jack Kirby
Characters created by Stan Lee
Fictional blade and dart throwers
Fictional characters with air or wind abilities
Marvel Comics characters who can move at superhuman speeds
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics mutants
Marvel Comics supervillains
Siparuna is a genus of plants belonging to the family Siparunaceae. These aromatic evergreen trees and shrubs are found throughout the Neotropical realm. Over 70 species have been described.
Species
Species include:
Siparuna aspera
Siparuna calantha
Siparuna campii
Siparuna cascada
Siparuna cervicornis
Siparuna conica
Siparuna cristata
Siparuna croatii
Siparuna cuspidata
Siparuna decipiens
Siparuna echinata
Siparuna eggersii
Siparuna gentryana
Siparuna gesnerioides
Siparuna gigantotepala
Siparuna grandiflora
Siparuna guajalitensis
Siparuna guianensis
Siparuna harlingii
Siparuna hispida
Siparuna laurifolia
Siparuna lepidota
Siparuna lozaniana
Siparuna macrotepala
Siparuna multiflora
Siparuna muricata
Siparuna ovalis
Siparuna pachyantha
Siparuna palenquensis
Siparuna petiolaris
Siparuna piloso-lepidota
Siparuna poeppigii
Siparuna radiata
Siparuna reginae
Siparuna riparia
Siparuna sarmentosa
Siparuna schimpffii
Siparuna subscandens
Siparuna thecaphora
Siparuna vasqueziana
References
Susanne S. Renner and Gerlinde Hausner. 2005. "Siparunaceae". Flora Neotropica Monograph 95. New York Botanical Garden Press. .
Official Siparuna website
Siparunaceae
Laurales genera
In Tahiti and Society Islands mythology, Fati (or Faiti) is the god of the Moon and a son of Taonoui and Roua.
See also
List of lunar deities
References
Tahiti and Society Islands gods
Lunar gods
The 2012 Renfrewshire Council election took place on 3 May 2012 to elect members of Renfrewshire Council. The election used the eleven wards created as a result of the Local Governance (Scotland) Act 2004, with each ward electing three or four Councillors using the single transferable vote system a form of proportional representation, with 40 Councillors being elected.
The election saw the Scottish Labour Party gain 5 seats to regain an overall majority on the Council that they had lost at the time of the 2007 Local Elections, while also significantly increasing their vote. The Scottish National Party remained in second place on the Council but recorded a disappointing performance as the party lost 2 seats and saw a slight drop in its vote share. Both the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party and the Scottish Liberal Democrats declined in numbers to just 1 seat each. Meanwhile, Independent and former Labour Party member, Paul Mack, secured a seat on the Council.
Following the election the Labour majority administration was formed. This replaced the previous SNP - Lib Dem coalition that had existed from 2007-2012.
Election result
Note: "Votes" are the first preference votes. The net gain/loss and percentage changes relate to the result of the previous Scottish local elections on 3 May 2007. This may differ from other published sources showing gain/loss relative to seats held at dissolution of Scotland's councils.
Ward results
Renfrew North
2007: 2xSNP; 1xLab
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from SNP
Renfrew South and Gallowhill
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Paisley East and Ralston
2007: 2xSNP; 1xLib Dem; 1xLab
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from Lib Dem
Paisley North West
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xLib Dem
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: SNP gain from Lib Dem
Paisley South
2007: 2xSNP; 1xLab; 1xLib Dem
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xIndependent
2007-2012 Change: Lab and Independent gain one seat from SNP and Lib Dem
Paisley South West
2007: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xLib Dem
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP; 1xLib Dem
2007-2012 Change: No change
Johnstone South, Elderslie and Howwood
2007: 3xLab; 1xSNP
2012: 3xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Johnstone North, Kilbarchan and Lochwinnoch
2007: 2xSNP; 1xLab
2012: 2xLab; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from SNP
Houston, Crosslee and Linwood
2007: 2xSNP; 1xLab; 1xCon
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: Lab gain one seat from Con
Bishopton, Bridge of Weir and Langbank
2007: 1xCon; 1xSNP; 1xLab
2012: 1xLab; 1xCon; 1xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Erskine and Inchinnan
2007: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2012: 2xLab; 2xSNP
2007-2012 Change: No change
Post-Election Changes
† Renfrew South and Gallowhill Labour Cllr Eddie Grady died on 23 May 2016. A by-election was held on 11 August 2016 and the seat was won by the SNP's Jim Paterson.
By-election since 2012
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20120511014144/http://www.renfrewshire.gov.uk/ilwwcm/publishing.nsf/Content/Navigation-cs-ElectionResultsLGHomePage
2012
2012 Scottish local elections
Loughton () is an ancient village and modern district in the civil parish of Loughton and Great Holm in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. The village spreads between Watling Street and the modern A5 road, to the west of, and about 1 mile from, Central Milton Keynes.
Historic Loughton
The village name is an Old English language word, and means 'Luhha's estate'. In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Lochintone. All Saints Church is the oldest surviving building in Loughtonthe chancel and nave probably date from the first years of the 13th century, though all the original details have been removed during subsequent alterations.
Modern Loughton district
The original village has now been incorporated into the modern 'grid square' of Loughton. However much of the character of the old village remains; to the north-east of Bradwell Road the area bounded by School Lane and Church Lane contains the Church and remnants of the original parish of Great Loughton. To the south-west of Bradwell Road, around The Green there is a cluster of several sixteenth century buildings (Manor Farm, Manor Farm Cottages and Cell Farm) which constitute the remains of the original parish of Little Loughton.
Today Loughton is a mainly residential area but is also home to a large Equestrian Centre, in the grounds of which the medieval field pattern and fish pond can still be seen.
The district is bounded by the A5 to the east, H5 Portway to the north, V4 Watling Street to the west and H6 Childs Way to the south.
Pronunciation
The Received Pronunciation of Loughton is (the "ou" rhymes with "ouch", the "gh" is silent), in contrast to the similarly-spelt neighbouring areas of Broughton and Woughton .
References
External links
Archival photos and recorded interviews with long-term residents of Loughton are available in 'Living Memories of London Road' and 'The Story of Loughton National School'
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Sequenza X is a composition for trumpet and piano by Luciano Berio, the tenth in his series of pieces with this title. The work was commissioned by the Los Angeles Philharmonic for Thomas Stevens, and premiered by him on November 19, 1984. The piece is dedicated to Ernest Fleischmann, managing director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic from 1969 to 1997, who convinced Berio to write a Sequenza for trumpet, despite years of resistance to the idea. Stevens received the music only nine days before the premiere.
Sequenza X is for trumpet and piano, however the piano is only used as a resonator. Berio requires the pianist to depress the keys on the piano without sounding the instrument. By playing the trumpet into the piano, the strings are made to sympathetically resonate. The effect is so subtle that the piano must be amplified for it to be heard in the auditorium. Berio prescribes a contact microphone solution in his score, whereby the microphones are secured to the underside of the sound board.
Sequenza X requires the trumpeter to employ a variety of extended techniques, including flutter tonguing, pedal tones, and valve tremolos. Much of the musical material focuses on transmuting the timbre of the instrument, often on a single pitch. Techniques such as double tonguing and doodle tonguing are interchanged rapidly and often paired with valve tremolos and hand stops. Like much of the extended technique for brass, Berio's incorporation of doodle tonguing was inspired by jazz trumpeter Clark Terry. However, he misunderstood the method, which produces a very legato, almost drunken-sounding articulation. He repeatedly asked Stevens in rehearsals for a more staccato sounding doodle tongue, eventually acquiescing when he realized it was impossible.
The range of the piece creates an endurance problem for any trumpeter. Though the tessitura is almost entirely in the standard trumpet range, the piece spans over three octaves, and notoriously requires 17 high C's to be played by the trumpeter on the final page. Though the score's lowest note is a C-sharp, Berio had originally wanted a pedal C. Stevens could not produce a pedal C at the volume Berio desired; so, the note was raised a half-step. Both Stevens and Berio agreed that the printed score should include the pedal C, but the change was never made.
The piece has become a standard in the contemporary trumpet repertoire, and has been recorded numerous times, most notably under supervision of the composer by trumpet soloist Gabriele Cassone.
Sequenza X is the basis for Berio's Kol-Od (also called Chemins VI) which adds a small ensemble to accompany the solo trumpet part. Kol-Od was premiered by Gabriele Cassone with the Ensemble InterContemporain, Pierre Boulez conducting, on April 27, 1996 in Basel, Switzerland.
List of Techniques
Fluttertonguing - The first notes of the piece are fluttertongued, and Berio makes extensive use of the technique throughout.
Doodle tonguing - Used extensively throughout the piece, it is often interchanged rapidly with fluttertonguing.
Hand stopping - The trumpeter must produce the notated pitch, which requires a compensation due to the tendency for stopping to change the pitch. The technique is used extensively throughout the piece, and is often paired with a tremolo effect, creating a wah-wah effect.
Valve tremolo - Used most often in rapid switches from fluttertonguing and back again.
Pedal tone - There are 2 pedal C-sharps in the piece, only a fourth below the standard trumpet range.
Shake - A very fast lip trill (sometimes aided by use of 'shaking' the trumpet) between two adjacent partials. This is only used once in this piece.
Discography
Marco Blaauw, Hot: Trumpet Solo (BVHaast)
Gabriele Cassone, Sequenzas (Deutsche Grammophon)
Guy Few, Sequenzas I-XIV For Solo Instruments (Naxos)
William Forman, The Complete Sequenzas, Alternate Sequenzas & Works for Solo Instruments (Mode)
Reinhold Friedrich, Nobody Knows de Trouble I See (Capriccio)
Graham Ashton, Baroque and Contemporary Trumpet (Virgin classics)
References
External links
Universal Edition - The publisher of Sequenza X
Program Notes - Los Angeles Philharmonic
Kol-Od
Gabriele Cassone - official website
Thomas Stevens - official website
Performance of Sequenza X by Flávio Gabriel, Part 1, Part 2 - Festival Contemporâneo RS 2007 (Januíbe Tejera piano)
Compositions by Luciano Berio
Compositions for trumpet
Music with dedications
Music commissioned by the Los Angeles Philharmonic
Contemporary classical compositions
The Dapingian is the third stage of the Ordovician period and the first stage of the Middle Ordovician series. It is preceded by the Floian and succeeded by the Darriwilian. The top of the Floian is defined as the first appearance of the conodont species Baltoniodus triangularis which happened about a million years ago. The Dapingian lasted for about 2.7 million years until about a million years ago.
History
The Ordovician was divided into three series and six global stages in 1995; in 2005, this was amended to seven stages with the formalization of the Hirnantian stage as the last stage in the Late Ordovician. The Dapingian was the last Ordovician stage to be ratified, and was initially referred to as an informal and unnamed "third stage" corresponding to the early part of the Middle Ordovician. This third stage was meant to represent the appearance of several major index fossils. The conodont Baltoniodus triangularis, a species found in Baltica and China, defined the base of the regional Baltic Volkhov stage. Another conodont, Tripodus laevis, defined the base of the Whiterockian stage in western North America. T. laevis was also roughly correlated with the appearance of Isograptus v. lunatus, an abundant worldwide graptolite.
The Whiterock Narrows section in the Ninemile Formation of Nevada was the initial suggestion for the GSSP of the third stage, but a 2001 review of the site revealed that its local conodont fauna was misaligned with wider graptolite zonation. In its place, two formal GSSP candidates were proposed. The Niquivil section of Argentina used another widespread species, Protoprioniodus (Cooperignathus) aranda, as a proxy for B. triangularis, T. laevis, and graptolites, which were absent from the section. The Huanghuachang section of China hosted a more diverse fauna of index fossils, including Baltoniodus triangularis and biostratigraphically useful graptolites and chitinozoans. The Huanghuachang section was approved as the GSSP for the third stage in 2006, and was ratified by the ICS in 2007.
Naming
The Dapingian is named after Daping, a village that lies near the Dapingian GSSP at Huanghuachang. Daping is very close to an outcrop with similar rocks, the "Chenjiahe section" (formerly "Daping section") in Chenjiahe. The name of the Dapingian stage was introduced in 2007 and approved alongside the stage's ratification, beating out earlier suggestions such as "Volkhovian" and "Huanghuachangian".
GSSP
The Global Boundary Stratotype Section and Point (GSSP) of the Dapingian is the Huanghuachang section (), in Huanghuachang, Yichang, China. It is an outcrop of the Dawan Formation. The lower boundary is defined as the first appearance of the conodont species Baltoniodus triangularis in the type section. Radiometric dating has constrained the Floian-Dapingian boundary at a million years ago. The exact boundary lies 10.57 m above the base of Dawan Formation.
Regional stages
The Dapingian overlaps with the upper part of the Arenig, a geologic stage used in England. It is also equivalent to the lower part of the North American Whiterockian stage, most of the Baltic/Russian Volkhov stage, and the Castlemainian and Yapeenian stages which have been used in Australia and Scandinavia.
References
Ordovician geochronology
Grignard is a lunar impact crater on the lunar near side near the northern pole. The crater is located Northeast of Sylvester crater (diameter of 58 km) and is directly adjacent to the Hermite crater (diameter of 104 km). The crater was adopted and named after French chemist Victor Grignard by the IAU in 2009.
External links
LAC-1 area - Map of northern lunar pole
References
LQ01 quadrangle
Impact craters on the Moon
West Kilimanjaro, or West Chaga, is a Bantu language of Tanzania spoken by the Chaga people.
There are several dialects:
Rwa (Rwo, Meru, Kirwo), or Meru, from Mount Meru
Mashami (Kimashame), or "Hai" (Kihai)
Siha
Kiwoso (Kibosho including Kindi, Kombo, Mweka)
Masama
Ng'uni
References
Languages of Tanzania
Chaga languages
The Jamaican spindalis (Spindalis nigricephala) is a species of bird formerly in the family Thraupidae.
It is endemic to Jamaica.
References
Jamaican spindalis
Endemic birds of Jamaica
Jamaican spindalis
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Castello Normanno ("Norman Castle"), or alternatively the Castello di Aci ("Castle of Aci"; ), is a castle in Aci Castello in the Metropolitan City of Catania in Sicily, southern Italy. The castle is situated on a rocky outcrop jutting out into the sea. Its precise date of construction is uncertain, but it was important to the development of its region during the Middle Ages. During the War of the Sicilian Vespers, it was subject to Roger of Lauria. It was besieged more than once, and was briefly controlled by the Spanish. It is currently a museum.
History
The town of Aci Castello developed around the castle, which was built in 1076 by the Normans upon the foundations of a 7th-century Byzantine fortification. In 1169, Aci Castello started to expand after an eruption of Mount Etna made the towns in its vicinity uninhabitable. The castle later became the property of the Bishops of Catania.
In 1296, Roger of Lauria, admiral of the Aragonese fleet during the War of the Sicilian Vespers, was granted the fief of Aci and its castle as a reward for his faithful service to King Frederick III of Sicily. When relations between the two men soured and di Lauria transferred his loyalties to the Angevins, the castle was besieged and captured by King Frederick and di Lauria stripped of his fiefs. In 1320, the castle and Aci were taken from Roger's descendant, Margaret of Lauria and given to Blasco II de Alagona. Whilst the latter was away defending Palermo from the attacking Angevins, Bertrando di Balzo sacked Aci in his absence.
See also
List of castles in Italy
Castello Ursino - a Castle in nearby Catania
Further reading
Normanno
Buildings and structures in the Province of Catania
Norman architecture in Italy
Tourist attractions in Sicily
Aci Castello
The 1851 Humbert $50 gold ingot was an Ingot produced by Moffat and Company, under the direction of Augustus Humbert (U.S. Assayer of the treasury)
This "coin", while technically an ingot, was still used and unofficially considered currency. It was also the largest ingot produced during the California Gold Rush, weighing almost 2.5 oz. During the gold rush of 1849, the US Treasury department hired private companies to mint coins before they could properly set up a mint. The U.S. Treasury was much more practical and would often mint coins near the location of the precious metals used in the coins, however, this did not always happen overnight. Augustus Humbert, who was originally a watchmaker from NY, took a lifestyle change and moved out to California during the gold rush in 1850. The U.S. Treasury had commissioned him to be an assayer. One of the first necessities was a mint to produce the octagonal ingots. The original mint, to be built, was for Moffat and Company was called the Mount Ophir Mint. This was only a temporary mint before a real branch mint of the treasury could be built and commissioned into service. The ironic part is that despite Moffat and Company producing the $50 Dollar Ingots, they didn't have their mint mark or name stamped on the gold (until the $10 gold coin produced in 1852). These $50 Ingots are very rare and prices can range anywhere from $10,000 and up. Currently, the auction record stands at $14,460,000. Another high profile auction record was made in a 2008 auction by Bowers and Merena. This particular specimen is among the highest known of its variety, professionally graded by NGC, at a grade of MS-65. (The only MS-65 known to exist of its variety) NGC Chairman Mark Salzburg called it "the most memorable coin I have graded all year".
Photo of 1851 Humbert $50 Ingot
References
Sources
The Official Red Book. A Guide to United States Coins. R.S. Yeoman
Augustus Humbert and the United States Assay Office
Recently Certified "New Discovery" 1851 Augustus Humbert $50 Gold Graded NGC MS 65* | NGC
1851 Augustus Humbert $50 Gold Piece Realizes $460K, Bowers and Merena Coin Rarities Sale Totals Over $3.3M
Bonhams : $50 Augustus Humbert, Reeded Edge, 880 THOUS. MS61 NGC
The Call of Gold (1936), “8. California's First Authorized Mint and Early Mining Code,” by Newell D. Chamberlain
Numismatics
California Gold Rush
Gapp is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Franz Gapp (born 1919), German Luftwaffe pilot
Jakob Gapp (1897–1943), Austrian Marianist priest
Paul Gapp (1928–1992), American journalist
See also
GAPP (disambiguation)
Hearst, Haggin, Tevis and Co., a company started in California in the 1850s and headed by San Francisco lawyer James Ben Ali Haggin with Lloyd Tevis and George Hearst, grew to be the largest private firm of mine-owners in the United States. Hearst himself acquired the reputation of arguably being one of the most expert prospector and judge of mining property on the Pacific coast, and contributed to the development of the modern processes of quartz mining. Today Jastro Winkle Diamond Co continues the Diamond Production in California.
The company held mining interests in:
the Comstock Lode in Nevada
the Ophir mine in Nevada
the Ontario silver mine in Utah
the Homestake gold mine in South Dakota.
the Anaconda Copper Mine in Montana
the Cerro de Pasco Mine in Peru
Defunct mining companies of the United States
Companies based in California
Santiago Apóstol is an 18th-century Roman Catholic church in the town of Lorquí, in the region of Murcia, Spain.
History
A church at the site was present by the 16th century.
Work on the present church began in 1767 in a baroque-style, but economic difficulties, delayed completion till 1799, under the direction of Pedro Gilabert. Further refurbishment in a neoclassical-style and interior decoration continued until 1827. The belltower required repair in 1877 under the direction of Francisco Hernández Abellán. An earthquake in 1911 caused further damage.
Among the works inside the church are wooden sculptures depicting:
Immaculate Conception attributed to Araciel brothers
St Joseph and the child Jesus 18th century sculpture attributed to Francisco Salzillo
Christ Nazarene attributed to Francisco Salzillo
Virgen de los Dolores attributed to Francisco Salzillo
St James Apostle in the main retablo
Sacred Heart of Jesus from the 1940s
Virgin of the Rosary from 1939
St John Evangelist by Noguera.
Virgin of the Light completed after the Spanish Civil War
Christ Crucified by Concepción Cuesta
References
Churches in the Region of Murcia
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Spain
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1827
Matti Mäki (born March 17, 1982 in Oulu) is a male backstroke swimmer from Finland. He competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
References
sports-reference
1982 births
Living people
Finnish male backstroke swimmers
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Finland
Sportspeople from Oulu
Herald is the second studio album by Australian musician Odette, released on 5 February 2021 through EMI Music Australia.
Supported by the singles "Feverbreak", "Dwell", and "Amends" and "Trial by Fire"—Herald debuted and peaked at number 47 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
At the 2021 ARIA Music Awards, the album was nominated for Best Adult Contemporary Album and Best Blues & Roots Album and Eben Ejdne was nominated for Best Cover Art for this release.
Background
The album follows on three years after Odette's debut album, To a Stranger (2018), which received high critical acclaim and two ARIA Awards nominations in the year of release.
Discussing the album in a press release, Odette stated: "This album is sort of a nuanced discussion of the positives and the negatives of mental illness and also just being a human being. It talks about the realities of hurting others, the consequences of that, and even more so, it holds me accountable—it holds me to my word."
Recording
Odette collaborated with producer Damian Taylor during recording sessions, who previously produced her debut album.
Composition
The album as a whole discusses themes of transitioning from adolescence to adulthood, and mental health, whilst "Dwell" is "anchored in Odette's own reflections on grief and the manifestations of emotional negativity."
In an interview with Triple J, Odette described the album as focussed sonically around "a classic scale with electronic elements."
Release
Heralds title and release date were announced on 20 October 2020.
The album was released on 5 February 2021 on CD, LP, digital download, and streaming formats. A bone-coloured edition of the vinyl was also made available exclusively at Australian JB Hi-Fi stores.
Promotion
Singles
Herald was supported by four singles.
"Feverbreak", a collaboration with Hermitude, was released as the album's lead single on 14 February 2020.
"Dwell" was released as the second single on 20 October 2020.
"Amends" was released as the third single on 8 January 2021.
"Trial by Fire" was serviced to Australian contemporary hit radio as the album's fourth and final single on 14 May 2021.
Live performances
On 15 November 2020, Odette performed "Dwell" live for Australian live music program The Sound.
On 19 November 2020, Odette performed "Dwell" live on Triple J's Like a Version segment, alongside a cover of AC/DC's "Thunderstruck".
Critical reception
{{Album ratings
| rev1 = Exclaim!
| rev1score =
| rev2 = The Music
| rev2score =
}}Herald received favourable reviews from music critics.Exclaim!s Urbi Khan labelled it a "coming-of-age album". Khan felt that "[Odette] sheds her past self and creates the new out of the ashes".
Guido Farnell from The Music'' was positive in his review of the album, noting "there is great poetic intent driving her somewhat lovelorn lyrical observations."
Mid-year lists
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
Odette – vocals (all tracks), programming (1, 4, 8), piano (3, 10)
Damian Taylor – programming (1, 3, 4, 8)
Jasper Leak – bass (3)
Martin Mackerras – clarinet (3, 10), saxophone (3)
Kelly Pratt – alto saxophone, baritone saxophone, clarinet, flugelhorn, flute, French horn, trumpet (4, 8)
Tam Altmann – accordion (10)
Technical
Damian Taylor – production, mixing
Heba Kadry – mastering
Rohan Sfornica – engineering assistance (3, 10)
Chris Mclaughlin – engineering assistance (5, 6, 9, 11)
Charts
References
2021 albums
Odette (musician) albums
Albums produced by Damian Taylor
Sanam Krishan Singh (born 11 January 1988), is a former Indian tennis player. Singh won the doubles gold medal and the bronze in the team event at the 2010 Asian Games. He added another Asian Games medal to his tally by winning the Silver medal in Doubles in the 2014 Asian Games held at Incheon. Singh played college tennis at the University of Virginia between 2007 and 2011. Singh is currently an assistant Tennis coach at Harvard University.
Early career
Singh ranked fourth in the ITF junior rankings in 2005. Played all four junior grand slams. He reached at the round of 16 at the Junior Australian Open, Junior Wimbledon, 2005 Asian Closed Junior Championship and Asia/Oceania Closed Championship singles champion. In 2007, he reached the quarter-finals of a Futures Circuit event in India.
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Asian Games medalists in tennis
Indian expatriates in the United States
Indian male tennis players
Racket sportspeople from Chandigarh
Virginia Cavaliers men's tennis players
Tennis players at the 2010 Asian Games
Tennis players at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games gold medalists for India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
South Asian Games silver medalists for India
South Asian Games medalists in tennis
Yoake Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 1440 km2. The dam impounds about 85.3 ha of land when full and can store 4050 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1951 and completed in 1954.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1954 establishments in Japan
Feel the Burn is the debut album by Blackburner. It features the electro-dubstep based tracks "Freak You" and "Pumped Up Kicks".
Track listing
"East Death Bunny" (Blackburner) – 4:20
"Dust Eater" (Blackburner) – 3:58
"Back In Black" (Brian Johnson/Angus Young/ Malcolm Young) – 4:06
"Feel the Burn" (Blackburner) – 3:33
"Tony Montana" (Blackburner) – 4:02
"Kashmir [Acid Particle Mix]" (John Bonham/Jimmy Page/Robert Planet ) – 4:06
"The Devil Is Real" (Skyla Talon) – 4:10
"Adagio Glitch" (Blackburner) – 4:56
"Prometheus" (Blackburner) – 4:08
"Freak You" (Blackburner) – 5:14
"Pumped Up Kicks [genXocide Mix]" (Mark Foster) – 5:00
"World of Dreams" (Blackburner) – 4:04
"Disambiguation" (Blackburner) – 4:26
Personnel
The band
Skyla Talon – guitar
John Wesley – guitar (guest artist)
Edgar Froese – keyboards (guest artist)
Sister Alice – vocals (guest artist)
Production
Skyla Talon – Mastering
Brian Perera – Executive Producer
References
External links
2012 debut albums
Blackburner albums
Cleopatra Records albums
Karl Brauneder (born 13 March 1960 in Vösendorf, Austria) is a retired football defender. During his club career, Brauneder played for Wiener Sport-Club, Rapid Wien and Stahl Linz.
External links
1960 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Association football defenders
Wiener Sport-Club players
SK Rapid Wien players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Austrian football managers
1. Simmeringer SC managers
Den vilda (meaning "The wild one") is a winter-related song by Swedish band One More Time, written by . It won the Melodifestivalen 1996 and hence became the entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1996, held in Oslo, Norway.
The song was performed as the 23rd and last entry in the contest. At the close of the voting it had received 100 points and placed 3rd out of 23 entries. It also peaked at #7 on the Swedish Singles Chart.
One More Time also recorded an all-English version of the song under the title "The Wilderness Mistress".
Dansaðu vindur
"Dansaðu vindur" is a 2013 adaptation of the song and is interpreted by Eivør Pálsdóttir (alternatively Eivör Pálsdóttir) from the Faroe Islands. It uses the music of "Den vilda" with new lyrics in Icelandic. It became a hit in the winter of 2013 in Iceland. The single is taken from the 14-track Icelandic compilation album Frostrósir – Heyr himnasmiður with contributions by a number of well-known artists.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
Eurovision songs of 1996
Eurovision songs of Sweden
Melodifestivalen songs of 1996
One More Time (band) songs
Songs written by Nanne Grönvall
1996 songs
Sony Music singles
1996 singles
Swedish-language songs
The Superior Bank FSB was a Hinsdale, Illinois-based savings and loan association that collapsed in July 2001 with some $2.3b in assets. It was co-owned by the Pritzker family of Chicago.
Synopsis
Superior opened in 1988 under conditions created by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, which made generous arrangements for the takeover of several failed thrifts. The bank was a 50-50 partnership between the Pritzkers (the elder Jay, Penny and Thomas) and real estate investor Alvin Dworman, who ran Superior from his New York office after Jay Pritzker's death in 1997. The Pritzkers and Dworman bought the failed Lyons Federal for the relatively modest price of $42.5 million, with each using a shell corporation to control half of Coast-to-Coast Financial Corporation (CCFC), a holding company created to own Superior.
In July 2001, Superior was seized by federal banking regulators after the Pritzkers reneged on a recapitalization program. The Pritzker family entered into a $460 million, 15 year, interest-free settlement in December 2001 to protect the family's business reputation and avoid civil forfeiture and litigation. At the time, Superior Bank was the largest bank failure in more than a decade. As of March 2012, former Superior Bank depositors are still owed over $10 million.
July 2001 collapse
According to a press release from the Office of Thrift Supervision,
George Kaufman, a finance professor at Loyola University Chicago called Superior's failure "a tale of gross mismanagement," adding that
"[Superior] was engaged in relatively unethical practices, fancy-footwork accounting, playing it very close to the edge."
Kaufman says many share in the blame for the mess-the bank's managers, directors, and auditors, as well as banking regulators-but he also wonders how the Pritzkers, as co-owners, could have allowed it to happen. "One of the great mysteries to me is what the Pritzkers were up to, why they took these chances," he said. "It makes no sense given their wealth and visibility."
Settlement by the Pritzkers
In December 2001, the Pritzkers agreed to pay a record $460 million to the federal government to avoid being punished for the failure of Superior Bank FSB. It was a 15-year, interest-free settlement that granted the Pritzkers a share of the government's settlement with the bank's former accountants. In June 2012, news reports revealed that the Pritzker family received a discount in 2011 on the 2001 settlement.
According to The Washington Times, "But after paying $316 million of the interest-free debt, the family quietly struck a deal with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. (FDIC) in June 2011 to discount the balance in return for paying off the debt early. Ms. Sweet and Mr. Courtney are among 1,400 depositors still owed $10.3 million at the end of March, records show. The FDIC Insurance Fund is still out $296 million after paying off Superior's insured depositors. It is highly unlikely the remaining depositors or the FDIC will receive much more money since nearly all of the settlement funds have been paid out, according to records and interviews."
“'The depositors got nicked coming, going and after the fact,'” said Clinton Krislov, a lawyer who represents depositors whose accounts exceeded the $100,000 covered by FDIC insurance. “'The depositors have gotten all they will from the Pritzkers.'”
RICO lawsuit
In 2002 uninsured depositors filed federal class-action charges under the RICO Act against one-time board chairwoman Penny Pritzker, her cousin Thomas Pritzker, Dworman, other bank principals and Ernst & Young. Plaintiffs' attorney Clint Krislov claimed that those who controlled Superior induced depositors to put money in the bank, “corruptly” funneling money out of the bank to “fraudulently” profit the owners.
The lawsuit, Courtney v. Hallerin was initially filed under a district court which dismissed the claims; the appeal was argued before the 7th Circuit of the United States Court of Appeals on September 25, 2006. In her May 7, 2007 opinion, Judge Wood affirmed the lower court's decision.
External links
Failed Bank Information: Superior Bank, FSB, Hinsdale, IL from the FDIC
References
Banks based in Illinois
Pritzker family
Defunct banks of the United States
Sullivan Joseph Fortner (born December 29, 1986) is an American jazz pianist. He was the regular pianist in trumpeter Roy Hargrove's band from 2010 to 2017, and has released two albums on Impulse! Records.
Early life
Fortner was born and grew up in New Orleans. He started playing the piano from the age of four. He was inspired to play by seeing a woman playing the organ in a local church. His mother was the choir director of a Baptist church; he began playing the organ there at the age of seven. For a time, he relied on his perfect pitch to learn and play music; this had to change when he successfully auditioned for the New Orleans Center for Creative Arts. Fortner went on to obtain a bachelor's degree from the Oberlin Conservatory of Music and a master's degree from the Manhattan School of Music.
Later life and career
In 2009, Fortner was part of vibraphonist Stefon Harris' band, including for a tour of Europe. Fortner was pianist in trumpeter Roy Hargrove's quintet from 2010 to 2017. Fortner became strongly influenced by fellow pianist Barry Harris from 2011, when he realised that his knowledge of the music was too shallow. Fortner recorded with the Hargrove band's saxophonist, Justin Robinson, in 2013. In 2015, Fortner was the winner of the American Pianists Association Cole Porter Fellowship in Jazz, a prize that consists of "$50,000, the opportunity to record for Mack Avenue Records, and two years of professional career services and development".
In early 2015, Fortner's quartet contained saxophonist Tivon Pennicott, bassist Ameen Saleem and drummer Jeremy "Bean" Clemons. Fortner's first release as leader was Aria from Impulse! Records, and received a four-star review from DownBeat magazine. The next, Moments Preserved, was mainly a trio album, with Saleem and Clemons, but Hargrove also played on three of the tracks. Fortner played on some of the tracks that formed Paul Simon's album In the Blue Light.
Awards and honors
2016: Lincoln Center Award for Emerging Artists
2016: DownBeat magazine: "25 for the Future"
2020: DownBeat Critics' Poll, Rising Star Arranger
Discography
An asterisk (*) indicates the year the album was released.
As leader
As sideman
References
1986 births
American jazz pianists
American male pianists
Living people
American male jazz musicians
Manhattan School of Music alumni
Oberlin Conservatory of Music alumni
21st-century American pianists
21st-century American male musicians
Effiduase may refer to
Effiduase a town in the Ashanti Region
Koforidua-Effiduase a town in the Eastern Region of Ghana
The Gandhi–King Award for Nonviolence is presented by The World Movement for Nonviolence. The award is named after Mahatma Gandhi and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
1999 Kofi Annan
2000 Nelson Mandela
2001 Jane Goodall
2002 Mata Amritanandamayi
2003 Mwai Kibaki
Memorials to Mahatma Gandhi
Memorials to Martin Luther King Jr.
Robert Lisovskyi (; 29 December 1893 – 28 December 1982) was a Ukrainian artist and graphic designer, a follower of Mykhailo Boychuk and Heorhiy Narbut. He was specializing in various forms of graphic arts, particularly printmaking, book illustration, decorative and applied arts, scenography and design.
The artist is known for his logo designs of Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists and Lufthansa's crane.
Lisovskyi was a head of the Associations of Ukrainian in Great Britain.
Biography
Lisovsky was born in a family of the director of mechanical shops in Kamianske. His mother Julia von Ander was of German descent. Robert also was baptized as Evangelical Lutheran. His elementary education, Lisovsky received in a local German school.
In 1906 Lisovsky attended Hohol Arts School in Myrhorod where he received instructions from such artists like Opanas Slastion and Latvian Rūdolfs Pelše (1880 — 1942). Later he studied at the Murashko Drawing School in Kiev (director Mykola Murashko) along with Vasyl Sedlyar, Anatol Petrytsky, Pavlo Kovzhun, and others. After that Lisovsky studied at the Ukrainian State Academy of Arts in Kyiv being taught by Mykhailo Boychuk and Heorhiy Narbut.
Exhibition of his works, Lisovsky started in 1914. In 1919 he became a member of "Musegetes" literary and art association and worked on decorations to the play "Romeo and Juliet" for the "Molodyi Teatr" (Young Theatre). Among his earlier book illustrations are a poem collection cover of M.Mocharovskyi "Above the field of curse, a love is sobbing" and a draft to a poem collection cover of Pavlo Tychyna "Sunny clarinets" (last one never was realized).
Lisovskyi also had a beautiful voice and for some time studied at conservatorium of professor Olena Muravyova and sang in choir of the academic community.
External links
Robert Lisovskyi at Encyclopedia of History of Ukraine
Robert Lisovsky at Encyclopedia of Ukraine
Hoshovskyi, I., Zasiadko, M. Was the Lufthansa Logo Designed by a Ukrainian artist?. Centre for Transport Strategies. 13 July 2015
1893 births
1982 deaths
People from Kamianske
People from Yekaterinoslav Governorate
Ukrainian people of German descent
Russian Lutherans
Ukrainian graphic designers
Ukrainian illustrators
Ukrainian heraldic artists
20th-century Lutherans
is a professional footballer currently playing as a forward for Mito HollyHock. Born in Canada, Browne represents Japan at youth international level.
Career statistics
Club
.
Notes
References
External links
Noah Kenshin Browne at Mito HollyHock
2001 births
Living people
Canadian people of Japanese descent
Canadian soccer players
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
Soccer players from Montreal
Association football forwards
J2 League players
J3 League players
Yokohama F. Marinos players
Kamatamare Sanuki players
Mito HollyHock players
Lepidodactylus planicauda, also known as the Mindanao scaly-toed gecko or small broad-tailed smooth-scaled gecko, is a species of gecko. It is endemic to the Philippines.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles of the Philippines
Endemic fauna of the Philippines
Taxa named by Leonhard Stejneger
Reptiles described in 1905
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
U.S. Route 20 (US 20) is a transcontinental east–west U.S. Highway that travels between Newport, Oregon, and Boston, Massachusetts. It passes through southern Montana for approximately , connecting Targhee Pass at the Idaho state line to the town of West Yellowstone and the western entrance of Yellowstone National Park near the Wyoming border.
A series of early roads across Targhee Pass were constructed in the late 19th century and were replaced by plans for a modern highway following the establishment of West Yellowstone. The new highway was completed by 1928 as part of US 191 and was incorporated into an extension of US 20 in 1940. US 191 was removed from the highway in 1978.
Route description
US 20 enters Montana from Idaho at Targhee Pass at the Continental Divide near Howard Springs. The highway descends from the pass with a westbound truck lane to supplement its two lanes, traveling northeast through curves in a forest. US 20 then crosses a plain south of Hebgen Lake and turns southeast to approach the town of West Yellowstone. The highway passes Yellowstone Airport and enters the town on Firehole Avenue, which it follows until reaching a junction with North Canyon Street. US 20 turns south onto Canyon Street and joins a concurrency with US 191 and US 287, which then turn east onto Yellowstone Avenue near the Museum of the Yellowstone. The highways reach the western boundary of Yellowstone National Park, where they terminate but continue unofficially through the West Entrance and into Wyoming on unsigned park roads. Some commercially produced maps may show US 20 going through Yellowstone National Park; however, it officially has a gap inside the park and resumes in Wyoming at the East Entrance.
The Montana section of US 20 is entirely within Gallatin County. It is designated as the Montana Medal of Honor Highway and is also part of the Nez Perce Trail, a National Historic Trail. US 20 is also part of the National Highway System, a network of highways identified as important to the national economy, defense, and other needs. The highway is maintained by the Montana Department of Transportation (MDT), which conducts an annual survey of traffic expressed in terms of annual average daily traffic. In 2021, daily traffic volumes on US 20 ranged from a minimum of 5,052 vehicles near Hebgen Lake to a maximum of 6,359 vehicles on North Canyon Street in West Yellowstone.
History
Targhee Pass was historically used by local indigenous people who first occupied the areas of modern-day Targhee National Forest 11,000 years before present. Hunting trails and other paths crossing the pass were later used by white explores and trappers in the 19th century. A year after the establishment of Yellowstone National Park in 1872, a rudimentary and unpaved road to the West Entrance was built by Gilman Sawtell from Virginia City to Madison Canyon. A new route for the West Entrance was opened in 1878 and replaced by 1896 with assistance from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Plans for a highway crossing Targhee Pass to serve the park and West Yellowstone—established in 1908 as a terminus by the Union Pacific Railroad—were conceived in the early 20th century. A survey crew was sent by the Bureau of Public Roads in June 1925 to plot the route of a highway connecting the pass to West Yellowstone as part of the Yellowstone Trail, an early auto trail route. The highway would be wide with shoulders and ditches as well as a six percent grade to afford smoother travel than the old, winding road. The Montana state government completed construction of the new highway by 1928 with federal aid funds.
The numbering plan for the United States Numbered Highway System was approved by the American Association of State Highway Officials (AASHO) on November 11, 1926, and included US 191 on the Targhee Pass–Yellowstone highway. Earlier proposals called for US 20 to extend to the Pacific Coast but were rejected by Oregon state highway officials due to the existing highways being found unsuitable for year-round travel. US 20 instead terminated at the East Entrance to Yellowstone National Park while a western extension was debated for several years. The extension, to be concurrent with US 191 to Blackfoot, Idaho, was approved by the AASHO on June 3, 1940. US 191 was truncated to the West Entrance on October 28, 1978, leaving US 20 as the sole highway crossing Targhee Pass.
Major intersections
References
External links
US 20, US 191, and US 287 in West Yellowstone via Corco Highways
20
Montana
Transportation in Gallatin County, Montana
Yellowstone National Park
The 2022–23 First Division League (known as the Yelo League for sponsorship reasons) is the 2nd season of the Saudi First Division League after its rebranding, and the 46th season of the Saudi First Division since its establishment in 1976. The season started on 22 August 2022 and will conclude in May 2023.
Overview
Changes
On 9 October 2020, the Saudi FF announced that the number of teams in the league would be decreased to 18 starting from the 2022–23 season. Due to this decision, 5 teams were relegated last season instead of the usual 4 teams. In addition, only 3 teams were promoted from the Second Division instead of 4 teams.
On 14 April 2022, the Saudi FF announced that the number of teams in the Pro League would be increased from 16 to 18 teams. To prepare for this change, only 2 teams would be relegated to the First Division League and 4 teams would be promoted to the Pro League.
Team changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2022–23 season.
To the First Division League
Promoted from Second Division
Al-Arabi
Al-Qaisumah
Al-Riyadh
Relegated from Pro League
Al-Hazem
Al-Ahli
Al-Faisaly
From the First Division League
Promoted to Pro League
Al-Khaleej
Al-Adalah
Al-Wehda
Relegated to Second Division
Al-Jeel
Al-Diriyah
Al-Nahda
Al-Kawkab
Bisha
Teams
A total of 18 teams are contesting the league, including 12 sides from the 2021–22 season, the three promoted teams from the Second Division and the three relegated sides from the Pro League.
The first club to be relegated to the First Division League was Al-Hazem following a 5–2 defeat away to Al-Ettifaq on 21 May. Al-Hazem were relegated after just one year in the top flight. This was their second relegation in three years. Both Al-Ahli and Al-Faisaly were relegated following on the final day of the season. Al-Ahli were relegated following a 0–0 away draw with Al-Shabab. Al-Ahli were relegated for the first time in their history while Al-Faisaly were relegated after 12 consecutive seasons in the top flight.
The first club to be promoted was Al-Arabi who were promoted following a 1–0 home win against Al-Rawdhah on 30 March 2022. On 31 March 2022, Al-Qaisumah became the second side to be promoted following a 2–1 win over Al-Nairyah. The third and final club to be promoted was Al-Riyadh, who were promoted following a 3–2 aggregate win over Al-Taraji in the promotion play-offs.
Al-Arabi were crowned champions after defeating Al-Qaisumah 1–0 to win their second title and first since 1986.
Al-Arabi return to the First Division League after an absence of 27 years. They return to the league for the first time since the 1994–95 season and will play in their 9th overall season. Al-Qaisumah return after an absence of three seasons and will play in their 4th overall season in the First Division League. Al-Riyadh return after an absence of six seasons and will play in their 18th overall season in the First Division League.
Stadia and locations
Note: Table lists in alphabetical order.
Foreign players
On 15 April 2022, the Saudi FF announced that the number of foreign players was increased from 5 players to 6 players.
Players name in bold indicates the player is registered during the mid-season transfer window.
League table
Positions by round
The table lists the positions of teams after each week of matches. In order to preserve chronological evolvements, any postponed matches are not included in the round at which they were originally scheduled but added to the full round they were played immediately afterward.
Results
Statistics
Scoring
Top scorers
Hat-tricks
Note
(H) – Home; (A) – Away
Clean sheets
Number of teams by region
See also
2022–23 Saudi Professional League
2022–23 Saudi Second Division
2022–23 Saudi Third Division
References
2
Saudi First Division League seasons
A telegraph sounder is an antique electromechanical device used as a receiver on electrical telegraph lines during the 19th century. It was invented by Alfred Vail after 1850 to replace the previous receiving device, the cumbersome Morse register and was the first practical application of the electromagnet. When a telegraph message comes in it produces an audible "clicking" sound representing the short and long keypresses – "dots" and "dashes" – which are used to represent text characters in Morse code. A telegraph operator would translate the sounds into characters representing the telegraph message.
Telegraph networks, used from the 1850s to the 1970s to transmit text messages long distances, transmitted information by pulses of current of two different lengths, called "dots" and "dashes" which spelled out text messages in Morse code. A telegraph operator at the sending end of the line would create the message by tapping on a switch called a telegraph key, which rapidly connects and breaks the circuit to a battery, sending pulses of current down the line.
The telegraph sounder was used at the receiving end of the line to make the Morse code message audible. Its simple mechanism was similar to a relay. It consisted of an electromagnet attached to the telegraph line, with an iron armature near the magnet's pole balanced on a pivot, held up by a counterweight. When current flowed through the electromagnet's winding, it created a magnetic field which attracted the armature, pulling it down to the electromagnet, resulting in a "click" sound. When the current ended, the counterweight pulled the armature back up to its resting position, resulting in a "clack" sound. Thus, as the telegraph key at the sending end makes and breaks the contact, the sounder echoes the up and down state of the key.
It was important that a sounder make a sound both when the circuit was broken and when it was restored. This was necessary for the operator clearly to distinguish the long and short keypresses – the "dashes" and "dots" – that make up the characters in morse code.
References
External links
Morse Telegraph Club, Inc. (The Morse Telegraph Club is an international non-profit organization dedicated to the perpetuation of the knowledge and traditions of telegraphy.)
Telegraph Sounders - A photo gallery of telegraph sounders from the 19th and 20th centuries
Telegraphy
Telecommunications equipment
Electromagnetic components
Sound technology
Sound production technology
Analog circuits
Kevin Teare (born September 13, 1951) is an American artist. He is a 2006 recipient of a Joan Mitchell Fellowship Award for painting. His first exhibition was at The Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1975. At the age of 25 he was awarded a National Endowment Fellowship for Painting. Since then he has exhibited in museums and galleries internationally. More of his works can be found at: KevinTeare.com
Early life and education
Born in Indianapolis, Indiana to William and Georgia Teare, his father was an employee of International Harvester and a member of UAW Local 226 and his mother a newspaper woman who worked at The Indianapolis Star-News and The Nothside Topics.
He attended Culver Military Academy, Ball State University, Indiana University and Bard College.
Art and Music
Though a visual artist first and foremost, Teare has participated in several musical projects. In 1975/76 he played drums in the seminal proto-punk band, MX-80 Sound. In New York he also played with the performance artist Julia Heyward in Glo-National in 1981. In 1991–93 he performed with Brian Kelly, Julia Murphy and Pat Place, the material that would later be titled "Brian Kelly :Each Day Blues" a CD produced by Julian Schnabel. His drumming can also be heard on Kelly's composition "She Is Dancing" for the soundtrack of the 1996 film Basquiat by Schnabel.
In 1999, Teare released "The List Of Whom Lives" a collection of self penned songs featuring guest performances by Jay Dee Daugherty (Patti Smith Group), Wayne Kramer (MC5), Richard Lloyd (Television) as well as Bob Neuwirth, Terence Stamp and Jeni Muldaur. The List Of Whom Lives was voted "one of the three or four best self produced albums of the millennium" by MOJO Magazine and received The A&R Album Of The Week by CMJ.
Curating
In 2012 Teare curated Open For The Stones, Vol. 2 at Harper's Books in East Hampton, N.Y.. The exhibition's theme was: visual artists who have had a significant relationship to music.
The exhibition included works by Larry Clark, Angel Corpus Christi, Don Christensen, Bethany Fancher, Daniel Johnston, Liz Markus, Gillian McCain, Ron Nagle, Lou Reed, Stuart Sutcliffe and others.
Open For The Stones, Vol.1, the first in a series of group exhibitions opened in New York at Julie Keyes Art Projects in 2011. Participating artists included Tara Israel, Bob Neuwirth, Pat Place and Chris Snow.
In 1992 Kevin Teare curated the critically acclaimed exhibition "JFK: Myth & Denial" for The Fotouhi Gallery in East Hampton. The show included selections by such artists as Larry Clark, Kiki Smith, Sue Williams, Leon Golub, Mary Heilman, Jim Marrs, Allen Frame, Steven Kroninger and Tom Otterness.
The earliest work Teare is known for are the mortar and lattice paintings from 1975–80. [The "lattice" paintings were FIRST shown at the now-defunct Belmont Gallery on South Washington St., in Bloomington, Indiana, circa 1974–75 and then at the Monroe County Library in Bloomington, Indiana, before being shown in Indianapolis and New York.] These were shown at The Indianapolis Museum of Art and at 55 Mercer Gallery in New York at the behest of the sculptor Julius Tobias. In 2007 they were exhibited at The Islip Museum of Art for the "Surface Impression" show curated by Karen Shaw. Starting in the early 80's his work took a decidedly more political turn calling on his use of military and world history and utilizing symbols, flow charts and cartography as part of the painted compositions. The earliest of these works were shown in 1982 at P.S.1 in an exhibition curated by Marcia Tucker called: "Critical Perspectives".
Teaching and personal life
Teare started teaching painting in 1999 at Lacoste School of Art in Provence, France. Since then he has taught drawing, painting and Art History at Southampton College, Dowling College and Suffolk Community College. He lives and works in Sag Harbor, New York with his wife, the artist Mary Boochever.
Quotes:
"I came here with goals and for the first
of those years I was sidetracked. I had to find out what this wasn't."
"I've always used art to make sense of
everything."
Collections
Fort Wayne Museum of Art; Goldman Sachs, N.Y.C.; McDonald's Corp. Chicago; Morgan Guaranty, N.Y.C.; Marcia Tucker; Reed Smith Shaw & McClay Phila.
Notes
References
S.L. Berry, Indianapolis Star...April 6, 2007
E. Fasolino, East Hampton Star...March 22, 2007
J. Cushley, Mojo...#72 November 1999
P. Braff, New York Times...March 19, 1993
K. Levin, Village Voice, Vol. 37 #9...February 26, 1992
Teare, K (2007). "Surface Impression", Islip Museum of Art.
Teare, K (1988). East Hampton Star.
Teare, K (2008). East Hampton Star.
1951 births
Living people
American people of Manx descent
Culver Academies alumni
People from Sag Harbor, New York
Harold van Beek (born 14 April 1962) is a Dutch racewalker. He competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
1962 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Dutch male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Eindhoven
Evan Finlayson (1876–1931) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a full-back.
References
1876 births
1931 deaths
People from Ross and Cromarty
Scottish footballers
Association football fullbacks
Rangers F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
English Football League players
True Faith and Allegiance (stylized as Tom Clancy True Faith and Allegiance, Tom Clancy: True Faith and Allegiance, or Tom Clancy's True Faith and Allegiance in the United Kingdom) is a political thriller, written by Mark Greaney and released on December 6, 2016. In the book, President Jack Ryan and The Campus must contain a massive intelligence breach that has been responsible for a series of terrorist attacks on American military and intelligence personnel. True Faith and Allegiance is Greaney's last book in the Jack Ryan series, which is part of the Tom Clancy universe. It debuted at number three on the New York Times bestseller list.
Plot
Romanian hacker Alexandru Dalca obtains an old copy of the e-QIP database, which contains personal information on millions of U.S. military and intelligence personnel. The Chinese originally hire him to use the stolen information in order to locate U.S. spies in their country. However, Dalca uses this treasure trove of information to make a profit by building targeting packages on specific individuals. This attracts the attention of Saudi technocrat Sami bin Rashid, who wanted to provoke the United States into a quagmire in the Middle East fighting ISIS, which would then recoup the loss of profit in Saudi oil.
After making contact with Dalca through the dark web, Bin Rashid meets with ISIS operative Abu Musa al Matari and formulates a plan to attack U.S. military and intelligence personnel, using the targeting packages compiled by Dalca himself, in order to further his plan. Al Matari then recruits cleanskins and assigns them into cells to carry out the attacks. The video recordings of the assaults are then uploaded to the Islamic State's propaganda site, promoting the terror organization, garnering new followers, and inspiring a series of copycat attacks.
The intelligence community quickly becomes concerned about the wave of attacks on U.S. intelligence and military personnel, and scramble to find the source. President Jack Ryan is then pressured by the media and elements in his own government to deploy troops into the Middle East to battle the Islamic State, but persistently refuses to do so by gathering intelligence, knowing that Islamic State is provoking him.
Meanwhile The Campus, currently understaffed, recruits two new members: previously director of transportation Adara Sherman and ex-Delta Force operator Bartosz “Midas” Jankowski. They also investigate the attacks, and later deduce that the e-QIP database may have been compromised. Jack Ryan Jr. looks into a particular, seemingly unrelated attack on Scott Hagen, who is the commander of the guided missile destroyer USS James Greer, from the brother of a Russian submarine crew killed by Hagen in a recent battle in the Baltic Sea (depicted in Commander in Chief). After looking into the assailant's social media, he finds out that Dalca provided information on Hagen prior to the attack. With this information on hand, The Campus heads to Romania.
In the meantime, the Chinese get suspicious about Dalca not following their orders. The hacker assumes the same thing, and when the Chinese come looking for him in his place of work, he escapes, intending to leave Romania. The Campus, who are surveilling the Romanian nearby, joins in the chase and get involved in a shootout with the Chinese, killing them, but Dalca is nowhere to be found. The Campus later finds out about Dalca's plans to leave the country, and abduct him at an airport. He decides to cooperate in stopping al Matari; Ryan Jr presents himself as a target, staying in an isolated cabin in a Maryland forest. Simultaneously, Olivia "Sally" Ryan accepts an engagement proposal from her Turkish boyfriend Dr. Davi Kartal. Al Matari takes the bait and is easily captured, while the rest of his henchmen are killed in the ensuing firefight, with Davi injuring the ringleader.
The headquarters of the Islamic State's propaganda wing was later destroyed in an airstrike. The U.S. betrays Dalca to Chinese security agents, but his fate is left unknown. Meanwhile, Bin Rashid was killed by The Campus in a plane headed for Australia.
Characters
United States government
Jack Ryan: President of the United States
Scott Adler: Secretary of state
Mary Pat Foley: Director of national intelligence
Robert Burgess: Secretary of defense
Jay Canfield: Director of the Central Intelligence Agency
Dan Murray: Attorney general
Andrew Zilko: Secretary of homeland security
Arnold van Damm: President Ryan's chief of staff
Stuart Collier: CIA operations officer
Benjamin Kincaid: United States Department of State consular official
Barbara Pineda: Analyst, Defense Intelligence Agency
Jennifer Kincaid: CIA operations officer
Thomas Russell: Assistant special agent in charge, director of Joint Terrorism Task Force
David Jeffcoat: Supervisory special agent, Federal Bureau of Investigation
U.S. military
Carrie Ann Davenport: Captain, United States Army; copilot/gunner of AH-64E Apache
Troy Oakley: Chief warrant officer 3, United States Army; pilot of AH-64E Apache
Scott Hagen: Commander, United States Navy; captain of USS James Greer (DDG-102)
Wendell Caldwell: General, United States Army; commanding officer of United States Central Command
The Campus
Gerry Hendley: Director of The Campus and Hendley Associates
John Clark: Director of operations
Domingo “Ding” Chavez: Senior operations officer
Dominic “Dom” Caruso: Operations officer
Jack Ryan, Jr.: Operations officer / senior analyst
Gavin Biery: Director of information technology
Adara Sherman: Director of transportation
Bartosz Jankowski: Lieutenant colonel (Ret.), U.S. Army; call sign “Midas”; ex-Delta Force operator
Helen Reid: Pilot of Campus Gulfstream G550
Chester “Country” Hicks: Copilot of Campus Gulfstream G550
Other characters
Dr. Cathy Ryan: First Lady of the United States
Dr. Olivia “Sally” Ryan: Daughter of President Jack Ryan
Dr. Davi Kartal: Turkish doctor and fiancé of Olivia Ryan
Xozan Barzani: Kurdish Peshmerga commander
Sami bin Rashid: Security official, Gulf Cooperation Council
Abu Musa al-Matari: Yemeni national / Islamic State operative
Vadim Rechkov: Russian citizen in U.S. on a student visa
Dragomir Vasilescu: Director of Advanced Research Technological Designs (ARTD)
Alexandru Dalca: Researcher for ARTD; open-source investigations expert
Luca Gabor: Romanian prison inmate; identity intelligence expert
Edward Laird: Former CIA executive; intelligence community contractor
“Algiers”: Algerian ISIS operative
Tripoli: Libyan ISIS operative
Rakim: Leader of ISIS cell “Chicago”
Omar: Leader of ISIS cell “Detroit”
Angela Watson: Leader of ISIS cell “Atlanta”
Kateb Albaf: Leader of ISIS cell “Santa Clara”
David Hembrick: Leader of ISIS cell “Fairfax”
Reception
Commercial
True Faith and Allegiance debuted at number three at the Combined Print & E-Book Fiction and Hardcover Fiction categories of the New York Times bestseller list for the week of December 25, 2016. In addition, it debuted at number nine on the USA Today Best Selling Books list for the week of December 15, 2016.
Critical
The book received generally positive reviews. Associated Press praised Greaney, who "handles the tech side with grace and has fleshed out the cast and given them depth." In a featured review, thriller novel reviewer The Real Book Spy praised the novel as "a fantastic, timely political thriller that has everything fans of the genre are looking for" and concluded that it is "A must-read for anyone who considers themselves a fan of thrillers."
References
2016 American novels
American thriller novels
Techno-thriller novels
Ryanverse
Novels set in Romania
G. P. Putnam's Sons books
Trioceros kinetensis , the Mount Kineti chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in South Sudan.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1943
Taxa named by Karl Patterson Schmidt
Reptiles of South Sudan
Olaf Haraldssøn Geirstadalf Digerbein (Agder, c. 877 - Tønsberg, c. 934), was a reputed son of King Harald Fairhair of Norway with Svanhild Øysteinsdatter, daughter of Øystein Jarl.
Biography
The saga Heimskringla, written in Iceland in the thirteenth century by the poet and historian Snorri Sturluson, gives the ninth century Norwegian founder king Harald Fairhair three sons with Svanhild, including Ragnar Rykkel, Bjørn Farmann and Olaf Haraldsson Geirstadalf. Bjørn Farmann became king of Vestfold. Olaf Haraldsson was made king of Vingulmark by his father and then later inherited Vestfold after his brother Bjørn Farmann had been killed by their half-brother Eric Blodøks.
Eric was king Harald's favourite son and his appointed successor, but he was not very popular among his half-brothers. Upon his father's death, Olaf made himself king of eastern Norway, and allied himself against Eric Bloodaxe with another half-brother, Sigrød Haraldsson, king of Trondheim. The three kings met in battle at the farm Haugar outside Tønsberg, Olaf and Sigrød were defeated and they both fell there. Both are presumed to have been buried on the same spot. Haugar became the seat for Haugating and Norway's second most important place for the proclamation of kings. Today the site is located on the Jarlsberg Estate situated northwest of the centre of the town of Tønsberg.
Heimskringla gives Olaf by his marriage a son named Tryggve Olafsson, who is there said to have become king of Ranrike and Vingulmark and to have been the father of King Olaf I of Norway. Historia Gruffydd ap Cynan, apparently influenced by 12th century claims of the viking kings of Ireland to an affiliation with the Norse rulers, contains a legendary or fictitious pedigree that makes Olaf the father of Sitric Cáech, king of Dublin and Northumbria, whose son Olaf Cuaran was ancestor of King Gruffydd ap Cynan of Gwynedd.
References
870s births
930s deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
Fairhair dynasty
Norwegian petty kings
Monarchs killed in action
Vikings killed in battle
10th-century Vikings
is a railway station located in the third ward of Tanno, a suburb of Kitami city in Hokkaidō, Japan, and services the Sekihoku Main Line operated by JR Hokkaidō.
Station structure
The station is above ground, and consists of a single platform alongside the railway track. Trains operate in both directions along the line. The waiting room is constructed in the style of a small log cabin. The station itself is mostly used by students attending the nearby senior high school.
Station environs
As suburbanisation advances, residential area, agricultural land and shops and businesses exist in balance. In front of the station is a site for construction materials, and a large quantity of prefabricated buildings will be constructed.
History
November 1, 1986: The station opened as a temporary platform.
April 1, 1987: Since the privatisation of the national rail network, the station status was upgraded and ownership was transferred to JR Hokkaidō.
References
Railway stations in Hokkaido Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1986
Wadrafnagar is one of the administrative blocks of Balrampur district, Chhattisgarh, India. It is very close to the borders of Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. The economy mostly is based on agriculture and forestry.
River
Kharhara River -
Kharhara River, away from Mahamaya Mandir . locals celebrate Chatt Pooja on the banks of river . There is also a temple situated known as Kharhara Temple.
Rakasganda Waterfall -
The Rakasganda Fall is a tourist spot situated in Balrampur district, Chhattisgarh, India. Which is Rihand Besin on East Baghelkhand Pathar. This fall is on Rihand River, and is around 150.0 km (93.2 mi) from Ambikapur and around 60.0 km (37.3 mi) from Wadraf Nagar, which is a small city and tehsil[1] located amidst dense forest.
See also
Rakasganda
Surguja State
References
Community development blocks in Balrampur district, Chhattisgarh
Community development blocks in Chhattisgarh
Cities and towns in Balrampur district, Chhattisgarh
Transplant is a Canadian medical drama television series created by Joseph Kay, which premiered on February 26, 2020, on CTV. The series centres on Bashir "Bash" Hamed, a doctor from Syria who comes to Canada as a refugee during the Syrian Civil War, and is rebuilding his career as a medical resident in the emergency department at the fictional York Memorial Hospital in Toronto.
In June 2020, the series was renewed for a second season, which premiered on January 2, 2022 on CTV, then March 6 on NBC.
In February 2022, the series was renewed for a third season by both CTV and NBC. On August 8, 2022, CTV announced on Twitter that the first episode of Season 3 will air in Canada on Friday, September 23, 2022.
Etalk, a company owned by CTV, said that season three will have 13 one-hour episodes, and will air in fall 2022 and winter 2023.
Premise
Transplant follows Dr. Bashir "Bash" Hamed, a Syrian Civil War refugee and the newest resident at York Memorial Hospital, as he navigates through numerous obstacles to resume a career in the high stakes world of emergency medicine.
Cast and characters
Hamza Haq as Dr. Bashir "Bash" Hamed, a resident at York Memorial Hospital. Due to issues around recognition of foreign credentials, he was unable to get a job with a hospital in the pilot, and instead works as a line cook at a Middle Eastern restaurant; however, he soon has an opportunity to prove his mettle when a serious accident occurs at the restaurant, and his training and experience in a war zone enables him to save lives, using emergency medical techniques that can be performed without conventional medical equipment, before the first responders arrive.
Laurence Leboeuf as Dr. Magalie "Mags" Leblanc, a driven resident with health and personal issues which she is struggling to stay on top of in the high-stress environment of a hospital emergency room.
John Hannah as Dr. Jed Bishop (seasons 1–2), the gruff but compassionate head of the emergency department at York Memorial.
Ayisha Issa as Dr. June Curtis, a gifted resident trauma surgeon who is emotionally guarded and struggles to open up; in the second season, she applies for and wins the job of chief resident.
Jim Watson as Dr. Theo Hunter, a pediatric resident from Sudbury who struggles with having to be away from his wife and kids while he completes his residency.
Sirena Gulamgaus as Amira Hamed, Bash's twelve-year-old sister.
Torri Higginson as Claire Malone, the head emergency nurse, who is also in a romantic relationship with Jed.
Grace Lynn Kung as Vivian Barnes, the hospital's social worker.
Sugith Varughese as Dr. Aajay Singh, a surgical attending.
Linda E. Smith as Dr. Wendy Atwater (seasons 1–2), the attending physician who is the residents' immediate supervisor.
Kenny Wong as Arnold De Luca, an emergency nurse.
Gord Rand as Dr. Mark Novak (season 2–present), the acting head of the emergency department at York Memorial following Jed's stroke.
Nora Guerch as Rania (season 2), an old friend of Bash's from Syria whom he had believed for several years to be dead.
Atticus Mitchell as Jake Cooper (season 2), a medical student supervised by Theo.
Rekha Sharma as Dr. Neeta Devi (season 3), Bishop's replacement as York Memorial's emergency department.
Episodes
Series overview
Season 1 (2020)
Note: Premiere date in table reflects CTV premiere date.
Season 2 (2022)
Season 3 (2022)
Production
Produced by Sphère Média Plus, the series entered production in June 2019.
The series is primarily filmed in Montreal, with some limited location shooting in Toronto for establishing shots and other scenes which require a clear Toronto geographic marker.
Production on the second season was delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada, but commenced in February 2021.
International broadcast
In May 2020, NBC acquired the U.S. broadcast rights for the series; it premiered on September 1, 2020, filling a timeslot usually held by its own medical drama New Amsterdam (whose next season was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic). On December 11, 2020, NBC picked up the second season of the series for broadcast which premiered on March 6, 2022.
In New Zealand, the series is available for streaming on TVNZ OnDemand. In French Canada, the series airs on Vrak, simultaneously with its broadcast on CTV, and later on Noovo.
In November 2020, Sky Witness acquired the UK rights to the drama after striking a deal with international distributor NBC Universal Global Distribution.
In Brazil, the series is available for streaming on Globoplay.
Reception
Critical response
John Doyle of The Globe and Mail wrote that the show's positioning of Bash as an immigrant struggling for acceptance in his adopted country set the show apart from other medical dramas: "The plot device that kick-starts the series—and Episode 1 sure comes with a kick—might seem ludicrous, but it gets your attention and signals what themes in Transplant are about to blossom. It's about the terror and frustrations that immigrants experience, trying to use their skills in a new country. Much is made of Bashir's knowledge and knowhow being heightened by his experience working in a war zone with few resources. He can intuit medical problems and injuries faster than most of his colleagues. This does not, however, make him either distinctly heroic or arrogant. Given his situation, he's actually an extremely vulnerable man. He's not the irascible Dr. House, nor is he the spookily wise young virtuoso at the heart of The Good Doctor." He praised the series and Haq's lead performance in particular, ultimately concluding that "There are numerous medical dramas that move with a breathless, hectic pace and then stop for some romance or heart-warming moments. Transplant has some of that, but there is an astutely Canadian spin on the familiar. It gives grim articulation to the issues of immigration and the harried, under pressure immigrant experience. It's not entirely original, but certainly superior to the usual and disarmingly different."
In his year-end review of television in 2020, Doyle named Haq and Leboeuf as having given two of the year's best performances in Canadian television.
For etalk, Christine Estima also favourably reviewed many aspects of the show, giving special praise to its choice to avoid positioning its two female doctors, June and Magalie, as competitive rivals, instead presenting them simply as doctors who respect and support each other even if they don't always agree.
In advance of the show's American premiere, John Anderson of The Wall Street Journal reviewed it positively, calling it the best medical show currently airing on American television and potentially one of the better dramas ever aired by NBC in its history. The Hollywood Reporter observed that it was "not a hugely innovative or adventurous medical drama" and had a "heavy reliance on that House trope of a loved one bringing in a patient, only to have the loved one be the one with the actual medical mystery", but that Hamed was "an interesting main character" and Haq was a "solid leading man, giving Bashir a frazzled soulfulness, but never making him saintly". In conclusion, it was felt that "in a fall in which the broadcast drama slate is populated mostly by mediocre acquisitions and dismal holdovers from last midseason, there's value to an above average new show like Transplant."
The industry trade magazine Playback named Haq as Canadian television's breakout star of 2020.
Awards and nominations
Explanatory notes
References
External links
2020 Canadian television series debuts
2020s Canadian medical television series
2020s Canadian drama television series
CTV Television Network original programming
Gemini and Canadian Screen Award for Best Drama Series winners
Refugees and displaced people in fiction
Television shows set in Toronto
Television shows filmed in Montreal
Television series about immigration in Canada
Television series by Bell Media
Television series by Universal Television
Stegea salutalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Arizona, British Columbia, California, Colorado, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas and Utah. In the south, the range extends to north-western Mexico.
The wingspan is about 18 mm. Adults exhibit considerable geographic and seasonal variation. They are on wing from April to September in two generations per year.
Subspecies
Stegea salutalis salutalis (Oregon)
Stegea salutalis grisealis Munroe, 1972 (Texas)
Stegea salutalis ochralis (Haimbach, 1908) (Colorado)
Stegea salutalis riparialis Munroe, 1972 (California)
References
Moths described in 1886
Glaphyriinae
Rueland Frueauf the Elder (c. 1440 – 1507) was an Austrian Late-Gothic painter.
Biography
Frueauf was born in Obernberg am Inn, and lived and worked there most of his life. He primarily painted frescoes in local churches. In 1484 he was appointed as a consultant to work with Michael Pacher on an altarpiece for the Franciscan Order. His son Rueland Frueauf the Younger also became a painter. Frueauf the Elder died in Passau in 1507.
Gallery
References
15th-century Austrian painters
Austrian male painters
16th-century Austrian painters
1507 deaths
1440 births
Gothic painters
The Miss Louisiana's Outstanding Teen competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the U.S. state of Louisiana in the Miss America's Outstanding Teen pageant. The pageant is held each April at the Brown Auditorium at the University of Louisiana at Monroe in Monroe, Louisiana.
Mary Laura Hunt of Ruston was crowned Miss Louisiana's Outstanding Teen on April 10th, 2022 at the ULM Brown Auditorium in Monroe, Louisiana. She competed for the title of Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2023.
Results summary
The following is a visual summary of the past results of Miss Louisiana's Outstanding Teen titleholders presented in the table below. The year in parentheses indicates year of the Miss America's Outstanding Teen competition in which the placement and/or award was garnered.
Placements
3rd runners-up: Mary Jane Hobgood (2008)
4th runners-up: Sarah Katherine McCallum (2017)
Top 10: Kelly Bernard (2010)
Top 15: Justine Ker (2012), Chanley Patterson (2020)
Awards
Preliminary awards
Preliminary Talent: Mary Jane Hobgood (2008)
Other awards
Miss Congeniality/Spirit of America: Jeremeka Bradley (2007)
Children's Miracle Network (CMN) Miracle Maker Award: Julia Claire Williams (2016)
Overall Instrumental Talent Award: Justine Ker (2012), Chanley Patterson (2020)
Overall Interview Award: Jeremeka Bradley (2007)
Scholastic Excellence Award: Justine Ker (2012)
Top 5 Interview Award: Sarah Katherine McCallum (2017)
Winners
References
External links
Official website
Louisiana
Louisiana culture
Women in Louisiana
Annual events in Louisiana
Sathuran () is a 2015 Tamil language action thriller film directed by Rajeev Prasad, a former associate of Suresh Krissna. The film stars Rajaj and Varsha Bollamma in the lead roles.
Plot
Dheena is a promising auto driver with a good heart and who has a helping tendency. His love, at first sight, starts with Janani (Varsha) and fights between them starting with searching for a dog puppy, then the diamond earring, then a currency at a parlor and so on, but interestingly in all situations, Dheena has to search them all under the feet of the heroine. He is making many attempts to impress her and have one sided love. All his plans were going in vain.
A family lost their jewels and money arranged for their daughter's marriage, and it was recovered from one of their co-auto drivers Kumar (Kali Venkat)
The movie starts with a gangster and his friend getting murdered by 2 paid goons when they came to shave their heads (a ritual) with all their fellow goons. The killers are getting their next assignment in City to kill 4 (S.I.Ratnam - a Police Inspector, Shiva - an auditor, a stage koothu actor named Theerthagiri and another one). The paid goons who arrived at City got their ride in Dheena's auto to reach their spot to kill the cop (S.I Ratnam). After he left, his friend Kumar arrives at the same spot in a few minutes. Now the goons get Kumar's auto from there to reach the next spot to kill Shiva.
At the same time Dheena who was giving a ride to Janani and her friends on their way to a bridal makeup. The Cop on patrol stopped Dheena and the girls, then he was sexually harassing and abusing the girls on the roadside. On seeing the cop's behavior, Dheena offended and got struck by the police. But the girls escaped somehow in between these happenings.
Meanwhile, Kumar realized that there is a bad currency in the money paid by the goons. Kumar went back to the place where he dropped the goons to exchange the money and witnessed the killing of another victim (Shiva) by the same paid goons.
Kumar escapes from the scene without their notice, but unfortunately, he has to give them a ride again because he was unable to escape the place due to a starting trouble. So he gives the lift to the goons, but on the way, he calls his friend Dheena, who is now in police's custody and informs him about the killing and his current situation. Dheena escapes from the Cop by jumping from the Cop's vehicle to save his friend Kumar. On the way, he calls his other friend to go and save Kumar. Before they both reached there, Kumar was killed.
All CCTV evidence, neighbor's witnesses and the enmity of the investigating Cop from whom Dheena was escaping, makes the Cop decide that Dheena is the murderer. Moreover, in all the murder spots, there is one or other way an auto was involved or the auto's presence was noticed by the neighbors, which makes the cop to strongly believe that Dheena is the accused.
Dheena, who escaped from the Cop, travels to all the spots is witnessing and hearing the conversations on how all the evidence are strongly against him. At the Mortuary, Dheena sees the bodies of S.I.Ratnam and Shiva beside his friend Kumar's body. He somehow realized the link between the 2 bodies and another person Theerthagiri (Koothu actor). Again he is escaping from the Cop. Before he reaches to save Theerthagiri, the goons kill him as well before Dheena enters the back side of the stage. On seeing Dheena, the goons elopes, leaving Theerthagiri. When trying to hold the lying body of Theerthagiri, both police and all audiences witnessed Dheena is the killer.
As usual, Dheena escapes from Cop, and while recollecting the morning event, he realizes that the 4th person who was in the conversation with these 3 who were killed so far is Janani. Though Dheena did not see her face, he recognized it as Janani from the tattoo on the back of her neck.
Before Cop and the goons get hold of Janani, Dheena meets Janani and informs her about all the 3 deaths and enquires her about her connection with those 3 dead persons.
Janani reveals how she was losing her previous job and her connections with those 3 dead persons. When she reveals some facts (a quick flashback on her previous employment) and a name she reveals at the end tells us who is the 4th person the goons are looking for to kill before they plan to kill Janani.
The last 25 minutes of the interesting climax reveals who is the 4th victim. Whether the 4th victim, Janani and Dheena, are saved. Whether Dheena has been proved innocent post his death or living is clearly revealed in the climax of the movie.
Cast
Rajaj as Dheena
Varsha Bollamma as Janani (credited as Varsha Maletira)
Raju Easwaran as Pasupathy
Kaali Venkat as Kumar
Bava Lakshmanan
Krishna
Devaraj
Vijay Muthu
Krishnamoorthy
Shekar
Production
Director Prasad worked under Suresh Krissna for the film Baashha (1995). Rajaji, who was last seen in Moodar Koodam, was cast as the director Prasad felt that his look prevented the audience from figuring act the former's next move. Bangalore-based Varsha Bollamma was cast as the heroine of the film while Monikumar G who worked as a cinematographer in Maryan and as an assistant cinematographer in Slumdog Millionaire and Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol, was signed as the cinematographer. Much of the film takes place during the night.
Release
The Times of India gave the film two out of five stars and wrote that "But if only had the execution been better, we would have been treated to a thrilling genre film" while praising the cinematography work and attention getting plot. A critic from Maalai Malar praised the screenplay, cinematography, and music, but criticized the long climax.
References
Indian action thriller films
2015 action thriller films
2015 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Jean Miller (12 August 1929 – 10 January 2014) was an English actress and painter. She began her career at the Theatre Royal, Windsor which was then run by her aunt and uncle Mary Kerridge and John Counsell. There she met her husband, Michael Miller, with whom she had a son and two daughters. She performed on the West End, toured with Dame Flora Robson, and acted Shakespeare at the Festival of Britain. In later life she became a successful painter, with Sir Arnold Wesker (an avid collector) describing her as “a life-enhancer”, and the artist Cecily Sash calling her “a kind of Matisse on speed”. She died after an eight-year struggle with breast cancer in 2014.
References
Alumni of the Guildford School of Acting
1929 births
2014 deaths
Admiral Christopher Alexander Barrie, (born 29 May 1945) is a retired senior officer of the Royal Australian Navy, who served as Chief of the Defence Force from 4 July 1998 to 3 July 2002.
Early life
Barrie was born in the Sydney suburb of Marrickville, New South Wales, on 29 May 1945 to Alexander William Barrie and Dorothy Clare Chrystal. He was educated at North Sydney Boys High School, and entered the Royal Australian Naval College as a cadet midshipman in 1961.
Naval career
During his early naval training, Barrie completed service on HMA Ships , and , which included service in the Indonesia-Malaysia confrontation, and a 23-day tour of duty in Vietnam. Postings to the Britannia Royal Naval College at Dartmouth and followed.
Barrie served at sea as part of the commissioning crew of , which included a seven-month tour of duty in Vietnam, during 1969. He also served as Commanding Officer of from 1969 to 1970, Operations and Navigating Officer on , and , Executive Officer on , and later as Commanding Officer of from 1983 to 1984.
In 1990 to 1991, Barrie held an appointment as Defence Adviser, New Delhi, India. Following this post, he was promoted to commodore and served as Director RAN Surface Warfare School and Commanding Officer of from 1991 to 1992. He was appointed Deputy Maritime Commander and Chief of Staff at Maritime Headquarters in Sydney from 1992 to 1995, for which he was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in 1994. On promotion to rear admiral, Barrie served as Deputy Chief of Naval Staff, before being appointed Vice Chief of the Defence Force with the rank of vice admiral in March 1997. The following year, Barrie was advanced to Officer of the Order of Australia in recognition of his "distinguished service" in the latter two postings.
Barrie was promoted to admiral, and assumed the post of Chief of the Defence Force (CDF) on 4 July 1998. He held this position until his retirement, and for his "eminent service to the Australian Defence Force" was further advanced to Companion of the Order of Australia in 2001 and awarded the Distinguished Service Order (Military) by the government of Singapore. As CDF, Barrie became involved in the "Children Overboard Affair" of 2001, a high-level political controversy which occurred during the Australian federal election campaign. Barrie was the last Australian Government official to publicly support Prime Minister John Howard's assertion that refugees had thrown their children overboard from their sinking vessel. Barrie retired on 3 July 2002, and was succeeded as CDF by General Peter Cosgrove.
A graduate of the Britannia Royal Naval College, Barrie completed through part-time study a Bachelor of Arts with majors in International Relations and Politics in 1983 and was conferred a Master of Business Administration in 1996 by Deakin University. He was made a Commander of the Legion of Merit by the United States in 2003.
References
External links
Vietnam War Nominal Roll entry
, accessed 23 August 2005.
Senior Military Appointments Government press release detailing the military appointments for 2000.
1945 births
Australian military personnel of the Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation
Australian military personnel of the Vietnam War
Chiefs of the Defence Force (Australia)
Commanders of the Legion of Merit
Companions of the Order of Australia
Deakin University alumni
Deputy Chiefs of Naval Staff (Australia)
Graduates of Britannia Royal Naval College
Living people
People educated at North Sydney Boys High School
People from Sydney
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
Recipients of the Darjah Utama Bakti Cemerlang (Tentera)
Royal Australian Navy admirals
Vice Chiefs of the Defence Force (Australia)
Military personnel from New South Wales
The Asynchronous Server Gateway Interface (ASGI) is a calling convention for web servers to forward requests to asynchronous-capable Python programming language frameworks, and applications. It is built as a successor to the Web Server Gateway Interface (WSGI).
Where WSGI provided a standard for synchronous Python application, ASGI provides one for both asynchronous and synchronous applications, with a WSGI backwards-compatibility implementation and multiple servers and application frameworks.
Asynchronous Server Gateway Interface (ASGI) servers
Below listed some complete or upcoming implementations of Asynchronous Server Gateway Interface (ASGI Specification) - web servers and frameworks.
Daphne
Daphne is a Hypertext Transfer Protocol, HTTP2 and WebSocket protocol server for ASGI and ASGI-HTTP, developed to power Django (web framework) Channels. It supports automatic negotiation of protocols; there's no need for URL prefixing to determine WebSocket endpoints versus HTTP endpoints.
Uvicorn
Uvicorn is an ASGI web server implementation for Python (programming language). Uvicorn currently supports HTTP/1.1 and WebSockets.
Hypercorn
Hypercorn is an ASGI and WSGI web server based on the sans-io hyper, h11, h2, and wsproto libraries and inspired by Gunicorn. Hypercorn supports HTTP/1, HTTP/2, WebSockets (over HTTP/1 and HTTP/2), ASGI, and WSGI specifications. Hypercorn can utilise asyncio, uvloop, or trio worker types.
Web Server Gateway Interface (WSGI) compatibility
ASGI is also designed to be a superset of WSGI, and there's a defined way of translating between the two, allowing WSGI applications to be run inside ASGI servers through a translation wrapper (provided in the asgiref library). A threadpool can be used to run the synchronous WSGI applications away from the async event loop.
See also
Python (programming language)
Web Server Gateway Interface (WSGI)
Comparison of web frameworks
References
External links
Asynchronous Server Gateway Interface Documentation
Asynchronous Server Gateway Interface Specification
Free software programmed in Python
Python (programming language)
Dirceu Lucas de Abreu Santos (born 25 February 1988), known as Lucas Abreu, is Brazilian footballer who plays for Paraná.
Biography
Born in Curvelo, Minas Gerais, Lucas started his career at Poços de Caldas of Campeonato Mineiro Módulo II. He signed a 3-year contract in January 2009. In July 2010, Gimnàstic announced the player was trailing at the club. After failing to secure a contract, he left for Ponte Preta in January 2011. on a -month contract.
References
External links
Brazilian footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Minas Gerais
1988 births
Living people
An amoeba (; less commonly spelled ameba or amœba; plural am(o)ebas or am(o)ebae ), often called an amoeboid, is a type of cell or unicellular organism which has the ability to alter its shape, primarily by extending and retracting pseudopods. Amoebae do not form a single taxonomic group; instead, they are found in every major lineage of eukaryotic organisms. Amoeboid cells occur not only among the protozoa, but also in fungi, algae, and animals.
Microbiologists often use the terms "amoeboid" and "amoeba" interchangeably for any organism that exhibits amoeboid movement.
In older classification systems, most amoebae were placed in the class or subphylum Sarcodina, a grouping of single-celled organisms that possess pseudopods or move by protoplasmic flow. However, molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that Sarcodina is not a monophyletic group whose members share common descent. Consequently, amoeboid organisms are no longer classified together in one group.
The best known amoeboid protists are Chaos carolinense and Amoeba proteus, both of which have been widely cultivated and studied in classrooms and laboratories. Other well known species include the so-called "brain-eating amoeba" Naegleria fowleri, the intestinal parasite Entamoeba histolytica, which causes amoebic dysentery, and the multicellular "social amoeba" or slime mould Dictyostelium discoideum.
Shape, movement and nutrition
Amoeba do not have cell walls, which allows for free movement. Amoeba move and feed by using pseudopods, which are bulges of cytoplasm formed by the coordinated action of actin microfilaments pushing out the plasma membrane that surrounds the cell. The appearance and internal structure of pseudopods are used to distinguish groups of amoebae from one another. Amoebozoan species, such as those in the genus Amoeba, typically have bulbous (lobose) pseudopods, rounded at the ends and roughly tubular in cross-section. Cercozoan amoeboids, such as Euglypha and Gromia, have slender, thread-like (filose) pseudopods. Foraminifera emit fine, branching pseudopods that merge with one another to form net-like (reticulose) structures. Some groups, such as the Radiolaria and Heliozoa, have stiff, needle-like, radiating axopodia (actinopoda) supported from within by bundles of microtubules.
Free-living amoebae may be "testate" (enclosed within a hard shell), or "naked" (also known as gymnamoebae, lacking any hard covering). The shells of testate amoebae may be composed of various substances, including calcium, silica, chitin, or agglutinations of found materials like small grains of sand and the frustules of diatoms.
To regulate osmotic pressure, most freshwater amoebae have a contractile vacuole which expels excess water from the cell. This organelle is necessary because freshwater has a lower concentration of solutes (such as salt) than the amoeba's own internal fluids (cytosol). Because the surrounding water is hypotonic with respect to the contents of the cell, water is transferred across the amoeba's cell membrane by osmosis. Without a contractile vacuole, the cell would fill with excess water and, eventually, burst. Marine amoebae do not usually possess a contractile vacuole because the concentration of solutes within the cell are in balance with the tonicity of the surrounding water.
Diet
The food sources of amoebae vary. Some amoebae are predatory and live by consuming bacteria and other protists. Some are detritivores and eat dead organic material.
Amoebae typically ingest their food by phagocytosis, extending pseudopods to encircle and engulf live prey or particles of scavenged material. Amoeboid cells do not have a mouth or cytostome, and there is no fixed place on the cell at which phagocytosis normally occurs.
Some amoebae also feed by pinocytosis, imbibing dissolved nutrients through vesicles formed within the cell membrane.
Size range
The size of amoeboid cells and species is extremely variable. The marine amoeboid Massisteria voersi is just 2.3 to 3 micrometres in diameter, within the size range of many bacteria. At the other extreme, the shells of deep-sea xenophyophores can attain 20 cm in diameter. Most of the free-living freshwater amoebae commonly found in pond water, ditches, and lakes are microscopic, but some species, such as the so-called "giant amoebae" Pelomyxa palustris and Chaos carolinense, can be large enough to see with the naked eye.
Amoebae as specialized cells and life cycle stages
Some multicellular organisms have amoeboid cells only in certain phases of life, or use amoeboid movements for specialized functions. In the immune system of humans and other animals, amoeboid white blood cells pursue invading organisms, such as bacteria and pathogenic protists, and engulf them by phagocytosis.
Amoeboid stages also occur in the multicellular fungus-like protists, the so-called slime moulds. Both the plasmodial slime moulds, currently classified in the class Myxogastria, and the cellular slime moulds of the groups Acrasida and Dictyosteliida, live as amoebae during their feeding stage. The amoeboid cells of the former combine to form a giant multinucleate organism, while the cells of the latter live separately until food runs out, at which time the amoebae aggregate to form a multicellular migrating "slug" which functions as a single organism.
Other organisms may also present amoeboid cells during certain life-cycle stages, e.g., the gametes of some green algae (Zygnematophyceae) and pennate diatoms, the spores (or dispersal phases) of some Mesomycetozoea, and the sporoplasm stage of Myxozoa and of Ascetosporea.
Amoebae as organisms
Early history and origins of Sarcodina
The earliest record of an amoeboid organism was produced in 1755 by August Johann Rösel von Rosenhof, who named his discovery "Der Kleine Proteus" ("the Little Proteus"). Rösel's illustrations show an unidentifiable freshwater amoeba, similar in appearance to the common species now known as Amoeba proteus. The term "Proteus animalcule" remained in use throughout the 18th and 19th centuries, as an informal name for any large, free-living amoeboid.
In 1822, the genus Amiba (from the Greek ἀμοιβή amoibe, meaning "change") was erected by the French naturalist Bory de Saint-Vincent. Bory's contemporary, C. G. Ehrenberg, adopted the genus in his own classification of microscopic creatures, but changed the spelling to Amoeba.
In 1841, Félix Dujardin coined the term "sarcode" (from Greek σάρξ sarx, "flesh," and εἶδος eidos, "form") for the "thick, glutinous, homogeneous substance" which fills protozoan cell bodies. Although the term originally referred to the protoplasm of any protozoan, it soon came to be used in a restricted sense to designate the gelatinous contents of amoeboid cells. Thirty years later, the Austrian zoologist Ludwig Karl Schmarda used "sarcode" as the conceptual basis for his division Sarcodea, a phylum-level group made up of "unstable, changeable" organisms with bodies largely composed of "sarcode". Later workers, including the influential taxonomist Otto Bütschli, amended this group to create the class Sarcodina, a taxon that remained in wide use throughout most of the 20th century.
Within the traditional Sarcodina, amoebae were generally divided into morphological categories, on the basis of the form and structure of their pseudopods. Amoebae with pseudopods supported by regular arrays of microtubules (such as the freshwater Heliozoa and marine Radiolaria) were classified as Actinopoda; whereas those with unsupported pseudopods were classified as Rhizopoda. The Rhizopods were further subdivided into lobose, filose, and reticulose amoebae, according to the morphology of their pseudopods.
Dismantling of Sarcodina
In the final decade of the 20th century, a series of molecular phylogenetic analyses confirmed that Sarcodina was not a monophyletic group. In view of these findings, the old scheme was abandoned and the amoebae of Sarcodina were dispersed among many other high-level taxonomic groups. Today, the majority of traditional sarcodines are placed in two eukaryote supergroups: Amoebozoa and Rhizaria. The rest have been distributed among the excavates, opisthokonts, and stramenopiles. Some, like the Centrohelida, have yet to be placed in any supergroup.
Classification
Recent classification places the various amoeboid genera in the following groups:
Some of the amoeboid groups cited (e.g., part of chrysophytes, part of xanthophytes, chlorarachniophytes) were not traditionally included in Sarcodina, being classified as algae or flagellated protozoa.
Pathogenic interactions with other organisms
Some amoebae can infect other organisms pathogenically, causing disease:
Entamoeba histolytica is the cause of amoebiasis, or amoebic dysentery.
Naegleria fowleri (the "brain-eating amoeba") is a fresh-water-native species that can be fatal to humans if introduced through the nose.
Acanthamoeba can cause amoebic keratitis and encephalitis in humans.
Balamuthia mandrillaris is the cause of (often fatal) granulomatous amoebic meningoencephalitis.
Amoeba have been found to harvest and grow the bacteria implicated in plague. Amoebae can likewise play host to microscopic organisms that are pathogenic to people and help in spreading such microbes. Bacterial pathogens (for example, Legionella) can oppose absorption of food when devoured by amoebae.
The currently generally utilized and best-explored amoebae that host other organisms are Acanthamoeba castellanii and Dictyostelium discoideum.
Microorganisms that can overcome the defenses of one-celled organisms can shelter and multiply inside them, where they are shielded from unfriendly outside conditions by their hosts.
Meiosis
Recent evidence indicates that several Amoebozoa lineages undergo meiosis.
Orthologs of genes employed in meiosis of sexual eukaryotes have recently been identified in the Acanthamoeba genome. These genes included Spo11, Mre11, Rad50, Rad51, Rad52, Mnd1, Dmc1, Msh and Mlh. This finding suggests that the ‘'Acanthamoeba'' are capable of some form of meiosis and may be able to undergo sexual reproduction.
The meiosis-specific recombinase, Dmc1, is required for efficient meiotic homologous recombination, and Dmc1 is expressed in Entamoeba histolytica. The purified Dmc1 from E. histolytica forms presynaptic filaments and catalyses ATP-dependent homologous DNA pairing and DNA strand exchange over at least several thousand base pairs. The DNA pairing and strand exchange reactions are enhanced by the eukaryotic meiosis-specific recombination accessory factor (heterodimer) Hop2-Mnd1. These processes are central to meiotic recombination, suggesting that E. histolytica undergoes meiosis.
Studies of Entamoeba invadens found that, during the conversion from the tetraploid uninucleate trophozoite to the tetranucleate cyst, homologous recombination is enhanced. Expression of genes with functions related to the major steps of meiotic recombination also increase during encystations. These findings in E. invadens, combined with evidence from studies of E. histolytica indicate the presence of meiosis in the Entamoeba.
Dictyostelium discoideum in the supergroup Amoebozoa can undergo mating and sexual reproduction including meiosis when food is scarce.
Since the Amoebozoa diverged early from the eukaryotic family tree, these results suggest that meiosis was present early in eukaryotic evolution. Furthermore, these findings are consistent with the proposal of Lahr et al. that the majority of amoeboid lineages are anciently sexual.
References
Further reading
Walochnik, J. & Aspöck, H. (2007). Amöben: Paradebeispiele für Probleme der Phylogenetik, Klassifikation und Nomenklatur. Denisia 20: 323–350. (In German)
Amoebae: Protists Which Move and Feed Using Pseudopodia at the Tree of Life web project
Pawlowski, J. & Burki, F. (2009). Untangling the Phylogeny of Amoeboid Protists. Journal of Eukaryotic Microbiology 56.1: 16–25.
External links
Siemensma, F. Microworld: world of amoeboid organisms.
Völcker, E. & Clauß, S. Visual key to amoeboid morphotypes. Penard Labs.
The Amoebae website of Maciver Lab of the University of Edinburgh, brings together information from published sources.
Molecular Expressions Digital Video Gallery: Pond Life – Amoeba (Protozoa) – informative amoeba videos
Cell biology
Motile cells
