The first edition of the Indian music television series Coke Studio India, titled as Coke Studio @ MTV, commenced airing on 17 June 2011 and concluded on 12 August 2011. The season was produced by Leslie Lewis.
Artists
Featured Artists
Advaita
Akriti Kakkar
Bombay Jayashri
Bondo
Chinna Ponnu
Colonial Cousins
Divya
Divya Lewis
Harshdeep Kaur
Kailash Kher
Kavita Seth
Khagan Gogoi
Khagen Gogoi
KK
Lesle Lewis
Mathang
Mathangi Rajshekhar
Megha Dalton
Megha Sriram Dalton
Mousam
Mousam Gogoi
Murtuza
Nandesh
Nandesh Umap
Naresh
Pankhi Dutta
Papon
Paresh
Parthiv Gohil
Qadir
Rabani
Raghu Dixit
Ramya Iyer
Richa Sharma
Rupmatii Jolly
Sabri Brothers
Sanjay Vidyarthi
Sanjeev Thomas
Saurav Moni
Shaan
Shafqat Amanat Ali Khan
Shankar Mahadevan
Shruti Pathak
Sunidhi Chauhan
Sur Sangam Club
Suzanne D'Mello
Tochi Raina
Ustad Rashid Khan
Wadali brothers
Zoheb Hussain
Episodes
Episode 7 (29 July 2011)
Khilte Hain Gul Yahan - K.K., Mathangi Rajshekhar and Sanjay Vidyarthi
Hamein Toh Loot Liya - Sabri Brothers
Tu Aashiqui Hai - K.K.
Tu Hai Yahaan - K.K., Sabri Brothers, Mathangi Rajshekhar, Sanjay Vidyarthi and Lesle Lewis
Aaj Jaane Ki Zidd Na Karo - Ramya Iyer, Rupmatii Jolly
Episode 8 (5 August 2011)
Jab Se Tere Naina - Shaan
Heiyo Re Heiyo - Saurav Moni
Tum Jo Mil Gaye Ho - Shaan, Harshdeep Kaur
Sumbaran Mandal - Nandesh
Episode 9 (12 August 2011)
Sunder Balma - Colonial Cousins
Dar Ughad Baya - Nandesh Umap
Coke Studio @ MTV Theme Music - Zoheb Hussain and Sur Sangam Club
Aaja Sapne Saja Ja - Lesle Lewis, Kavita Seth
Kancha Re - Benny Dayal, Suzanne D'Mello
Rama Rama Krishna Krishna - Colonial Cousins
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
Indian television series
Coke Studio (Indian TV program)
2011 Indian television series debuts
Zhenguang Road () is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Zhenguang Road and Tongchuan Road in the city's Putuo District, the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Putuo District
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Sévère was a 64-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.
Career
Built as an Indiaman by Roth on the lines of a previous ship, Superbe, that had been sold to the Austrian East India Company, Sévère was purchased by the Crown in November 1778 and commissioned for the American Revolutionary War.
She was incorporated into Suffren's squadron. She took part in the Battle of Negapatam in 1782, under Captain Villeneuve-Cillart; during the battle, Cillart panicked and attempted to strike, but was prevented from doing so by officers Dieu and Kerlero de Rosbo. Sévère ended up causing damage to HMS Sultan.
In July 1782, in the wake of the Battle of Negapatam, Suffren relieved Cillart from duty and sent him to France to be Court-martialled, replacing him with Lieutenant Maurville de Langle. Maureville de Langle then captained Sévère during the Battle of Trincomalee between 25 August and 3 September 1782, and during the Battle of Cuddalore on 20 June 1783.
Fate
Sévère was later armed en flûte, and was wrecked on 26 January 1784 at the Cape of Good Hope. Consequently, Maurville de Langle was retired from the Navy on 25 July.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
Ships of the line of the French Navy
1775 ships
Kampf (the German word for "battle", "struggle" or "fight") may refer to:
Kampf (surname)
Der Kampf, Austrian socialist journal from 1907 and 1938
Der Kampf, Luxembourg Communist newspaper from 1920 and 1922
Mein Kampf, autobiographical manifesto by Nazi Party leader Adolf Hitler
Contest (1932 film), known in German as Kampf
See also
In Kampf, Polish Yiddish-language weekly newspaper
Kempf (disambiguation)
Kämpfer, 2006 Japanese light novel series
Eilema ardens is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1882. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1882
ardens
According to Spike Milligan is a series of literary pastiche novels written by Spike Milligan from 1993 to 2000. Each part of the series was a rewriting of an original novel, with surreal comic elements added that fit into certain points of the originals, whilst at the same time poking fun at the situations involved.
The Bible—the Old Testament According to Spike Milligan
The Bible—the Old Testament According to Spike Milligan is a 1993 parody novel and the first book in the series.
The book is an almost verbatim parody of the Old Testament, with some exceptions. It does not list each section by the names featured in the Bible (Genesis, Exodus etc.), and omits some Bible stories, such as the Tower of Babel, to save time.
Frankenstein According to Spike Milligan
Frankenstein According to Spike Milligan is a comic-horror novel released in 1997, the second book in the series. It is a parody of Frankenstein by Mary Shelley.
The story is a simplified and humorous version of the original novel, with minor changes. In this equivalent, Frankenstein's monster is a heavy smoker whose trousers are constantly falling, and Dr. Frankenstein is continually put in a straitjacket when he begins to talk about the monster he created. Also, there are running gags about Dr. Frankenstein's sea voyages during which his ship sinks, the monster disappearing mysteriously because he runs at speeds of 100 mph, and notes by an editor (Milligan) making sarcastic remarks about events in the novel.
The Hound of the Baskervilles According to Spike Milligan
The Hound of the Baskervilles According to Spike Milligan is a spoof of The Hound of the Baskervilles by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
The plot is almost the same as the original, the main differences being that the Spike Milligan version is considerably shorter, and there is more humorous content.
Written from the viewpoint of Dr. Watson (who is accompanied by a duck throughout the story), Holmes takes on the case of a strange curse on the Baskerville estate. He wears an odd pair of boots owned by Sir Henry Baskerville, bullies a German butler, and forces Dr. Mortimer to openly exclaim "Fuck!" The illustrations repeatedly show Watson being attacked, or about to be attacked, by a small dog.
Spike Milligan previously had appeared in the 1978 film adaptation of The Hound of the Baskervilles in a cameo role.
The illustrations pay tribute to the Sherlock Holmes films and the portrayal of Holmes and Watson by Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce.
Robin Hood According to Spike Milligan
Robin Hood According to Spike Milligan is a 1998 parody novel. Unlike other books in the series, Milligan did not parody any particular book about Robin Hood (although the majority of material parodies The Adventures of Robin Hood by Roger Lancelyn Green), but the whole legend of Robin Hood and the figures involved.
The book portrays Robin Hood as short-tempered, Friar Tuck as a drunkard, and various other figures of the Robin Hood legend in bizarre yet humorous situations.
Characters
Robin Hood - Leader of his band of Merry Men
Little John - Alias "Big Dick"
Will Scarlet - One of the Merry Men
Maid Marian - Robin's wife
King John - Ruler of England
Guy of Gisbourne - Alias "Guy de Custard Gisborne"
Groucho Marx - A junior in the Merry Men
Treasure Island According to Spike Milligan
Treasure Island According to Spike Milligan is a comic novel spoof of Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson. Published in 2000, it is the last book in the series.
In the book, Jim Hawkins has met a rum-addicted sailor known only as "Captain", who leaves Jim a treasure map upon his death. With his father dying, Jim is forced from the Benbow with his mother and his friend Groucho Marx to search for the buried treasure.
The book itself actually breaks the mould from Milligan's previous parody novels. Whilst his previous works were essentially comic versions of the original texts, this version adds Groucho Marx to the cast as the friend of Jim Hawkins and breaks off from the original layout into a script format (usually when Groucho is speaking).
The story also includes references to his previous works, such as The Hound of the Baskervilles According to Spike Milligan (such as a running gag involving a dog).
Milligan previously starred as Ben Gunn in productions of Treasure Island for the Mermaid Theatre.
The cover of the 2000 edition portrayed Robert Newton as Long John Silver.
Other titles in the series
Black Beauty According to Spike Milligan
Lady Chatterley's Lover According to Spike Milligan
D. H. Lawrence's John Thomas and Lady Jane: According to Spike Milligan—Part II of "Lady Chatterley's Lover"
Wuthering Heights According to Spike Milligan
List of works
Treasure Island According to Spike Milligan ()
Frankenstein According to Spike Milligan ()
Robin Hood According to Spike Milligan ()
References
British comedy novels
Novels by Spike Milligan
Parody novels
Parodies of literature
Great Books
Erik Joal Meek (born January 17, 1973) is an American retired professional basketball player who played for four seasons at Duke University.
College career
Meek played college basketball for Duke from 1991 to 1995. He was part of the team that won the 1992 NCAA Tournament. During his junior season he achieved his career high in scoring with 21 points against Boston University. Meek was named captain of the Blue Devils for the 1994–95 season. During that season he appeared in 31 games averaging 10.3 points, 8.3 rebounds and 1.3 blocks per game on 28.7 minutes per game. He finished his career in Duke averaging 5.1 points, 4.3 rebounds and 0.6 blocks per game.
Professional career
Meek was drafted 44th overall by the Houston Rockets, in the 1995 NBA Draft. He did not play in the NBA, but he spent several years playing professionally in Europe.
Personal
Meek is the cousin of former Tampa Bay Rays closer Heath Bell.
References
External links
Profile — TheDraftReview.com
ACB.com profile
1973 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
Apollon Patras B.C. players
Basketball players from San Diego
Centers (basketball)
Duke Blue Devils men's basketball players
Galatasaray S.K. (men's basketball) players
Greek Basket League players
Houston Rockets draft picks
Iraklis Thessaloniki B.C. players
Liga ACB players
Maroussi B.C. players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Peristeri B.C. players
Real Madrid Baloncesto players
American men's basketball players
Eneida A. Mendonça, is a Brazilian-born physician-scientist and biomedical informatician. She pioneered the use of natural language processing in both the biomedical literature and in electronic medical record narratives in order to identify knowledge relevant to medical decision making in the context of the patient care. In addition, she has devoted many years to develop innovative clinical information systems that have been integrated in the NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital, the Columbia University Medical Center, and the Cornell Medical Center.
She holds a medical degree from the Federal University of Pelotas, Brazil and a Ph.D. in biomedical informatics from Columbia University, New York.
Currently, Mendonça is the Inaugural VP for Research Development of the Regenstrief Institute at the Indiana University School of Medicine. Mendonça has contributed over 100 publications to the fields of biomedical informatics and medicine.
Publications
Medline Publications
Google Scholar Citations
References
External links
Eneida A. Mendonça's former homepage as Faculty at Columbia University
Eneida A. Mendonça's at The University of Chicago
Living people
Brazilian scientists
Federal University of Pelotas alumni
University of Chicago faculty
Health informaticians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Natural language processing researchers
Data miners
The 2022 Asian Fencing Championships was held in Seoul, South Korea from 10 to 15 June 2022 at the SK Olympic Handball Gymnasium.
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
Results
Men
Individual épée
Team épée
Individual foil
Team foil
Individual sabre
Team sabre
Women
Individual épée
Team épée
Individual foil
Team foil
Individual sabre
Team sabre
References
External links
Official website
Results
Asian Fencing Championships
Asian Fencing Championships
International fencing competitions hosted by South Korea
Asian Fencing Championships
Mithras is a Neotropical genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
David Cross (born 7 September 1982) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County. His only appearance for County came in a 2–1 defeat away at Chesterfield at the end of the 1999–2000 season.David Cross is also credited with inventing the popular card game “devil card”
References
English footballers
Notts County F.C. players
English Football League players
1982 births
Living people
Association football forwards
The 2012 Yale Bulldogs football team represented Yale University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by first year head coach Tony Reno and played their home games at the Yale Bowl. They are a member of the Ivy League. They finished the season 2–8, 1–6 in Ivy League play to finish in last place.
Schedule
Roster
References
Yale
Yale Bulldogs football seasons
Yale Bulldogs football
Fox Comedy is an Australian subscription television channel focused on airing popular sitcoms. The channel launched on 7 November 2019 as Fox Hits.
The network rebranded on 1 September 2020 after ten months, merging with sister network The Comedy Channel to become Fox Comedy. Though it shares a similar name to sister network Fox Funny (which carries more contemporary sitcoms), Fox Comedy's schedule features sitcoms ranging from the 80s to around the mid-2000s.
Programs
3rd Rock from the Sun
Cheers
Everybody Loves Raymond
Frasier
Full House
Friends
How I Met Your Mother
The Golden Girls
Just Shoot Me!
The King of Queens
Malcolm in the Middle
The Nanny
Seinfeld
Punky Brewster
Will & Grace
Two And A Half Men
References
External links
Foxtel Website
2019 establishments in Australia
English-language television stations in Australia
Television networks in Australia
Television channels and stations established in 2019
Foxtel
Interstate 459 (I-459) is a bypass highway of I-59 that is an alternate Interstate Highway around the southern sides of Birmingham, Bessemer, and several other cities and towns in Jefferson County, Alabama. I-459 lies entirely within Jefferson County. This Interstate Highway is about long, and its construction was completed in 1984. I-459 has major interchanges with I-59, I-20, and I-65.
Route description
I-459 begins at a trumpet interchange with I-20/I-59 near Bessemer and McCalla. Exit 1, an interchange with Eastern Valley Road, provides access to the large Colonial Promenade shopping center and McCalla community. The freeway then passes under Pocahontas Road and next to the Bent Brook Golf Club before intersecting with Morgan Road at exit 6. Morgan Road connects with Bessemer, Helena, and the western fringes of Hoover along with the Bessemer Airport. After Morgan Road, I-459 enters a much more populated and developed area, namely the large suburb of Hoover. Once interchanging with State Route 150 (SR 150) at exit 10, the highway turns northeastward and widens to 10 lanes. Exit 13 is with US 31, a major suburban route through Hoover, Vestavia Hills, and Pelham. A southbound flyover ramp at this interchange provides direct access to the Riverchase Galleria. The freeway then approaches its interchange with I-65, one of two four-level stack interchanges in the state (the other being its interchange with I-20). After the I-65 interchange, the roadway decreases to six lanes and has a minor interchange with Acton Road at exit 17. As it exits Hoover, I-459 intersects with US 280, an 8- to 10-lane suburban arterial that is one of the most congested roads in Greater Birmingham. The area around this interchange contains many hotels and office buildings. After the US 280 interchange, it turns north and enters a residential area along the Cahaba River, crossing the river twice before passing the "Miss Liberty" (Statue of Liberty replica) and the exit 23 interchange with Liberty Parkway and Overton Road. The highway passes east of Mountain Brook while turning northeast and interchanging with Grants Mill Road at exit 27. After this intersection, I-459 turns northward again as it approaches the suburb of Trussville. The interchange with I-20 is one of two stack interchanges in Greater Birmingham. In its last few miles, the highway intersects with Derby Parkway and US 11 in Trussville before completing its course with an interchange at I-59.
Future
An additional interchange for I-459
Negotiations between the Alabama Department of Transportation (ALDOT) and the city of Hoover are continuing regarding the prospective building of an additional interchange for I-459 at South Shades Crest Road, a heavily traveled traffic artery. An exit here would relieve some of the traffic congestion on SR 150. No firm plans have been announced for construction of this interchange.
Northern bypass
There are plans to construct another Interstate Highway bypass running north of the Birmingham area to provide another Interstate Highway that would have major interchanges with I-59 (two), I-20 (one), I-65 (one), and the newly constructed I-22, with all of these interchanges being either north or west of Birmingham. This new bypass route has been tentatively numbered as Interstate 422. When this northern bypass of the urban area is built, it would give Birmingham and Jefferson County a completely ringed Interstate bypass.
Exit list
See also
References
59-4 Alabama
59-4
Bypasses in Alabama
4
Transportation in Jefferson County, Alabama
Samawal Merghani Noureldin Elyas (born 22 October 1991) is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a defender for Al Ahli SC (Khartoum) and the Sudan national football team.
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Al Khartoum SC players
Al-Hilal Club (Omdurman) players
Association football fullbacks
Sudan A' international footballers
2018 African Nations Championship players
Nelson Torno (10 November 1927 – 4 January 2015) was an Argentine sports shooter. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1927 births
2015 deaths
Argentine male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Argentina
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires
The 1938 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1938. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land. However, 1938 saw an unusually active season, with numerous tropical cyclones forming in January and a hurricane struck Northern California in February, killing five people. On August 18, Cyclone Mokapu caused record August rainfall, and a record low pressure when it struck Hawaiian Islands. It brought down power lines and damages into a plantation.
Systems
Tropical Cyclone One and Two
Two tropical cyclones existed in January, one near the International dateline and another near the Revillagigedo Islands.
Hurricane Three
A hurricane hit Northern California in early to mid-February, killing five.
Possible Tropical Storm Four
A tropical storm possibly existed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec on June 2.
Tropical Cyclone Five
On June 15, a tropical cyclone was observed. It was moving northwestward. A pressure reading of was reported in association with this tropical cyclone.
Tropical Cyclone Six
On June 20, a tropical cyclone was observed west of Manzanillo. Two days later, it was observed again south of the entrance to the Gulf of California. The tropical cyclone was not observed after June 22. The lowest pressure reported by a ship was .
Tropical Cyclone Seven
Southeast of Acapulco, a tropical cyclone existed on June 25. It was moving northwestward, and its lowest reported pressure was .
Tropical Cyclone Eight
On July 28, a tropical cyclone caused gales in the Gulf of Tehuantepec.
Tropical Cyclone Nine
A tropical cyclone existed on August 1. It moved west, and was last detected on August 2. The lowest pressure reading was of .
Tropical Cyclone Ten
A tropical storm was detected on August 4. It was moving westwards. A ship recorded a pressure of .
Tropical Depression Eleven
On August 18, a tropical depression formed close to the Revillagigedo Islands. By the next day, it had move to a location west-southwest or west of Cabo San Lucas. A ship reported a pressure reading of . The cyclone dissipated by late August 19.
Cyclone Mokapu
On August 18 and 19, a severe storm struck the Hawaiian Islands. It caused gales, broke August rainfall records, and a record low pressure of . The storm also downed power lines and damaged crops and trees at a plantation. The Central Pacific Hurricane Center calls this event the "Mokapu Cyclone" and speculates that it might have been caused by a tropical cyclone.
Possible Tropical Depression Thirteen
On September 1, a possible tropical depression formed south of Cape Corrientes. Without strengthening, it moved into the Gulf of California, from which it made landfall on September 3.
Tropical Cyclone Fourteen
In the Gulf of Tehuantepec, a tropical cyclone formed on September 4. It moved along the coast of Mexico, staying offshore, and dissipated on September 13 while off the west coast of the Baja California. The lowest pressure reported by a ship was .
Tropical Cyclone Fifteen
A short-lived tropical cyclone existed between Salina Cruz and Acapulco on September 11. Ships reported gales and a pressure of .
Possible Tropical Cyclone Sixteen
On September 24 and 25, a ship encountered stormy weather and gales. These were probably caused by a tropical cyclone located west of the Revillagigedo Islands.
Tropical Cyclone Seventeen
On October 9, a ship encountered a tropical cyclone. It reported gales, and recorded a pressure of .
Tropical Cyclone Eighteen
On October 22, a tropical cyclone existed. It had gales, and a ship measured a central pressure of .
See also
1938 Atlantic hurricane season
1938 Pacific typhoon season
1930s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1938 in California
1938 in Hawaii
Pacific hurricane seasons
1930s Pacific hurricane seasons
Ywangan Township () is a township located within Taunggyi District, Shan State, Myanmar. It is also part of the Danu Self-Administered Zone. The principal town is Ywangan.
Information concerning this region is not easily accessible, although quality coffee is grown in the region.
References
Townships of Shan State
Glass onion most often refers to:
"Glass Onion", a song by the Beatles
Glass onion, a large hand-blown shape of bottle
Glass Onion: A knife Out Mystery, an upcoming Rian Johnson film
See also
Bristow is a British gag-a-day comic strip created by Frank Dickens about a buying clerk of that name. The series was in continuous publication in the Aberdeen Press & Journal from September 1961 until its last appearance in 2012. With over 10,000 strips made over the decades and running for over 51 years. Bristow is one of the longest running daily cartoon strips by a single author, according to Guinness World Records. The Bristow character is even older than that, having debuted in Dickens's series Oddbod in The Sunday Times in 1960. Due to his popularity he received his own spin-off series soon afterwards. Dickens broke the original record held by Marc Sleen, whose The Adventures of Nero was drawn for 45 years without any assistance. However, even Dickens's record has been broken in his turn by Jim Russell, whose series The Potts ran for 62 years.
Background
The cartoons follow the daily life of a buying clerk who works in the monolithic Chester-Perry building. He is a fantasist and has delusions of grandeur, wishing he were a brain surgeon and a writer. His epic tome Living Death in the Buying Department has yet to find a publisher, but he is not discouraged. He lives in a small bedsit in East Winchley and commutes to work by train, invariably arriving late. Bristow is surrounded by co-workers, Fudge (his overbearing manager), Jones, Hewitt, Dimkins, hapless typist Miss Sunman, master chef Gordon Blue, the Postboy and the ever-gossiping Mrs. Purdy the Tealady. Bristow has a crush on routine visitor Miss Pretty of "Kleenaphone". Another regular visitor is the pigeon who sits on a window ledge. During the winter, the bird travels to a warmer climate where she visits Bristow's counterpart, a black man in a white suit. Bristow invariably holidays at a beach resort known as Funboys Sur La Plage.
Frank Dickens is often credited for "inventing" a cartoon device whereby he wrote the words of the action next to the character, such as "flinch flinch", as he was unable to draw expressions well enough to fit in the comic-strip boxes.
Syndication
The strip was widely syndicated in Great Britain and in Australia. It appeared in the Birmingham Evening Mail and, between 1962 and 2001, appeared in the London Evening Standard newspaper. The Melbourne Age and Sydney Morning Herald published the strip from the late 1960s. Since 1966 at least eleven Bristow books have been published in the UK, as well as editions in Australia. A number of collections were published in Italy with the captions translated.
Radio adaptation
"Bristow" was made into a BBC Radio 4 series written by Dickens and starring both Michael Williams as Bristow and Rodney Bewes as his colleague Jones. There were 14 half-hour episodes made from April 1999 to July 2000, with frequent repeats on BBC 7 (now Radio 4 Extra).
Stage adaptation
In 1971 the strip was also adapted into a theatrical play at the ICA in London, co-written and directed by Michael Bakewell and starring Freddie Jones.
References
External links
(at guter.org)
British comics characters
British comic strips
Fictional clerks
Fictional British people
Gag-a-day comics
1960 comics debuts
Comics characters introduced in 1960
2012 comics endings
Comics spin-offs
Comics adapted into radio series
Comics adapted into plays
BBC Radio 4 programmes
Radio programs based on comic strips
1999 radio programme debuts
2000 radio programme endings
Only Words may refer to:
Only Words, a book by Catharine MacKinnon
"Only Words", a song from the album Deborah by Debbie Gibson
The Redeemer's International Secondary School is a co-educational private secondary school located in Maryland, Lagos, Nigeria. It was founded in 1997. It is part of the Christ the Redeemer's School Movement (CRSM). The current principal is Mrs. Feyisara Osinupebi.
History
In 2017, the Redeemer's International Secondary School was one of four schools to win the International School Award from the British Council Nigeria, the others being Hallel College in Port Harcourt, Oxbridge College in Lagos, and Start-rite Schools, Abuja The school was also accredited for having the best WASSCE result in 2015/16.
References
International schools in Lagos
Secondary schools in Lagos State
Educational institutions established in 1996
1996 establishments in Nigeria
Lower Police Reserve Hill Ward also known as Lower P. R. Hill is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 19 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Lower Police Reserve Hill Ward:
Schools
Lower P.R. Hill Government Primary School
St. Peter's School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 19
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
The silvery-fronted tapaculo (Scytalopus argentifrons) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in Costa Rica and Panama.
Taxonomy and systematics
The silvery-fronted tapaculo has two subspecies, the nominate "silvery-fronted" Scytalopus argentifrons argentifrons and the "Chiriqui" S. a. chiriquensis. The Chiriqui subspecies has at times been considered a separate species.
Description
The silvery-fronted tapaculo is long and weighs . The male of the nominate subspecies is mostly sooty black; the lower breast and belly are paler. The flanks and crissum (the area around the cloaca) are brownish red. It has a silvery forehead (the "front") and a white supercilium. The male Chiriqui is darker with a less prominent supercilium. The females of both subspecies do not have a supercilium; their upper parts are dark brown, the throat and breast are dark gray, the belly blackish, and the flanks and crissum brighter brownish red than the male's. The juvenile is similar to the female but darker with brown "scales" on the underparts.
Distribution and habitat
The silvery-fronted tapaculo is the only member of its family whose entire range is in Central America. (The Tacarcuna tapaculo, S. panamensis, is found in far southern Panama and Colombia.) It inhabits the Talamancan montane forests at elevations of . The Chiriqui subspecies is found only in western Panama. The nominate S. a. argentifrons has the wider range, from western Panama north through Costa Rica almost to the border with Nicaragua. If frequents thickets and bamboo in the undergrowth of humid primary forest and secondary forest, especially in ravines and along streams.
Behavior
Feeding
The silvery-fronted tapaculo forages for insects and other arthropods while creeping and hopping along the ground.
Breeding
The silvery-fronted tapaculo's breeding phenology has not been described.
Vocalization
The silvery-fronted tapaculo's song is a series of notes that slow but get louder during its five to 10 second duration . Its call is similar but shorter .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the silvery-fronted tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. Though it has a restricted range and its population number is not known, it appears to be fairly common and occurs in protected areas.
References
silvery-fronted tapaculo
Birds of the Talamancan montane forests
silvery-fronted tapaculo
Taxa named by Robert Ridgway
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2001–02 FR Yugoslavia Cup was the tenth and last full season of the FR Yugoslavia's annual football cup. The cup defenders was FK Partizan, but was defeated by FK Železnik in the quarter-finals. Red Star Belgrade has the winner of the competition, after they defeated FK Sartid.
First round
Thirty-two teams entered in the First Round. The matches were played on 10 October 2001.
|}
1The match was played in Belgrade.Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participated in the 2001–02 season.
Second round
The 16 winners from the prior round enter this round. The matches were played on 23, 24, 30 October 2001.
|}
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participated in the 2001–02 season.
Quarter-finals
The eight winners from the prior round enter this round. The matches were played on 21 and 27 November 2001.
|}
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participated in the 2001–02 season.
Semi-finals
Final
See also
2001–02 First League of FR Yugoslavia
2001–02 Second League of FR Yugoslavia
References
External links
Results on RSSSF
FR Yugoslavia Cup
Cup
Yugo
Mary Mann Page Newton Stanard (1865 - June 5, 1929) was an American historian, specializing in the history of Virginia.
Born in Westmoreland County, Stanard was the daughter of John Brockenbrough Newton and Roberta Page (Williamson) Newton. She began her education in local schools before attending, and graduating from, the Leache-Wood School in Norfolk. On April 17, 1900, she married William Glover Stanard, at the time the corresponding secretary of the Virginia Historical Society, and with him took up residence in Richmond. Stanard's career as a historian began when she and her husband published The Colonial Virginia Register in 1902; in 1907 her first solo work, The Story of Bacon's Rebellion, appeared. She wrote and edited a number of books covering various aspects of Virginia history, and produced biographies of her father, Edgar Allan Poe, and John Marshall. Until her death, Stanard was historian of the Association for the Preservation of Virginia Antiquities; she also served as vice-president of the state chapter of the Colonial Dames of America, and was a member of the executive committees of the Edgar Allan Poe Shrine and the Virginia War History Commission. She died in Richmond.
Works
The colonial Virginia register; a list of governors, councillors and other higher officials, and also of members of the House of Burgesses and revolutionary conventions of the colony of Virginia (with William G. Stanard, 1902)
The story of Bacon's rebellion (1907)
The dreamer; a romantic rendering of the life-story of Edgar Allan Poe (1909)
John Marshall (1913)
Colonial Virginia: its people and customs (1917)
Richmond: its people and its story (1923)
John Brockenbrough Newton, a biographical sketch (1924)
Edgar Allan Poe letters till now unpublished: in the Valentine museum, Richmond, Virginia (edited, 1925)
The story of Virginia's first century (1928)
Source:
References
1865 births
1929 deaths
American women historians
20th-century American historians
20th-century American biographers
American women biographers
20th-century American women writers
Historians from Virginia
Historians of Virginia
People from Westmoreland County, Virginia
Brockenbrough family of Virginia
Writers from Richmond, Virginia
Chameleon Run is a 2016 video game for iOS, Android, Windows Phone and Nintendo Switch. It is developed by Hyperbolic Magnetism, the creators of Beat Saber and many more indie games.
Development
The game was originally created as a Ludum Dare prototype by Ján Ilavsky. Ilavský later decided to remake it into a full-length game when he saw how many clones of Chameleon Run came up on the App Store and Google Play that used his source code.
Gameplay
Chameleon Run is an auto runner and does not require the user to do but short and long jumps by holding the screen and to allow colour change between two of the same characters. The first is purple and the second is yellow. The player controls a cube-like character that moves to the right and forward direction. The player's task is to help the character get to the end on the white cubic road by jumping over obstacles and pits. The game features an original mechanic in that the player can touch only objects that have the same colour as the character. The player has to switch the character's colour so that the character can move on different platforms. Every level features three tasks: finish the level, collect all coins and crystals, and finish the level without switching colour.
Reception
Chameleon Run has received generally positive reviews from critics. It holds 85/100 on Metacritic.
Pocket Gamer called Chameleon Run "A fresh and exciting take on the autorunner." It praised its gameplay and its mechanics including the colour-switching mechanic.
TouchArcade praised the colour-switching mechanic and environment that is "full of life." It also praised challenges and visuals.
Chameleon Run is one of winners of Apple Design Awards 2016.
Chameleon Run has sold over 260,000 copies as of 1 July 2016. Sales were 400,000 units as of February 2017.
Chameleon Run is nominated for five Czech Game of the Year Awards. It is nominated in categories Best Game, Best Mobile Game, Best Game Design, Best technological solution and Best Visuals. Winners were announced on 10 February 2016. Chameleon Run won in categories Best mobile game of the year and Best design.
Other Version
A Nintendo Switch version of the game launched on June 14, 2018. This version is called Chameleon Run: Deluxe Edition and it includes six new levels unique to the Switch and a special fourth objective to complete on each level.
References
External links
2016 video games
Action video games
Android (operating system) games
Apple Design Awards recipients
Indie video games
IOS games
Nintendo Switch games
Platform games
Video games developed in the Czech Republic
Windows Phone games
Windows games
Single-player video games
Ties that Bind is a 2011 drama film directed by Leila Djansi and starring Kimberly Elise, Omotola Jalade Ekeinde and Ama K. Abebrese. It was filmed in Ghana. It was nominated in 21 categories at the 2011 Ghana Movie Awards, and won 9 awards. It received 7 nominations at the 8th Africa Movie Academy Awards and eventually won the award for the category Achievement in Screenplay.
Cast
Kimberly Elise as Theresa Harper
Ama K. Abebrese as Buki Ocansey
Omotola Jalade Ekeinde as Adobea Onyomena
John Dumelo as Lucas Morison
Ebbe Bassey as Maa Dede
Kofi Adjorlolo
Fiifi Coleman as Eddie
Eddie Nartey
Khareema Aquiar
Randall Batinkoff as Dan Dubick
David Dontoh
Dave Harper
Paulina Oduro
Kofi Middleton Mends
Fred Amugi
Okyeame Kwame
Grace Nortey
Angel Etse
Kofi Asamoah
Khareemar Aguiar
Ziggy Nettyson
Reception
The film received mostly positive reviews from critics, especially for its acting and directing. Nollywood Reinvented gave it a 79% rating and wrote on the transition of the script "It is one thing to write a story, Any story… anyone can do it… once upon a time… and that is the end of my story. But it's a whole other ball game to construct a story in which every little detail ties together. A story like this is a story in which the characters need not tell us what to feel, you feel it regardless. The story is really sad, and just when you think it can't possibly get any sadder. It does! It's an incredibly easy and quick watch… ".
References
2011 films
2011 drama films
Films set in Africa
Best Screenplay Africa Movie Academy Award winners
Films shot in Ghana
2010s English-language films
English-language Ghanaian films
Films directed by Leila Djansi
Josip Vidmar (October 14, 1895 – April 11, 1992) was a notable Slovenian literary critic, essayist, and politician. From 1944 to 1946 he was speaker of the Slovenian People's Liberation Council (Slovenian Parliament). From 1952 to 1976 was president of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts, and from 1950 to 1964 he was the head of the academy's Institute of Literatures.
Life
Vidmar was born in Ljubljana, in a progressive middle-class family. Josip had an older brother, Milan Vidmar, a notable engineer, chess player and writer. Their sister Meta Vidmar studied with the famous Mary Wigman in Dresden and upon returning to Ljubljana in 1930 established the first school of modern dance in Slovenia. He completed gymnasium school in Ljubljana and studied at the Czech Technical University in Prague. During the World War I he fought in Austria-Hungarian units on the eastern front but deserted to Russian side.
Anti-Yugoslavization writings
At the time when in the ex-Austrian Littoral, that has been given by Great Britain to Italy, a great part of Slovenes were subjected to violent Fascist Italianization, Vidmar was also against the Serbian attempts of Yugoslavization of Slovenes living in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. He rose to prominence with his critical essays on literature and politics, including his 1933 essay The Cultural Problem of Slovene Identity.
Anti-fascist resistance
During the Italian occupation of Slovene territory (later annexed to Italy as the Province of Ljubljana), the Anti-Imperialist Front (later renamed the Liberation Front of the Slovenian People, the Slovene resistance organization) was established at Vidmar's house in Rožna Dolina, Ljubljana on 26 April 1941. A memorial now stands in front of the house. Vidmar served as the formal chairman of the organization until the end of the war.
Communist period
Vidmar was president of the Yugoslav Federal Chamber of Peoples (later the Chamber of Republics and Provinces). He was close friend of the Croatian writer Miroslav Krleža. He was very influential in Slovenia from the mid-1950s to the mid-1970s in the cultural policies of the Titoist regime.
He died in Ljubljana.
Work
Translations
Vidmar translated works from Russian, French, Italian, German, Czech, Croatian, and Serbian into Slovenе, mostly plays; works of dramatists: Aleksey Arbuzov, Gogol, Griboyedov, Krleža, Molière, Nušić, Pushkin, Aleksey Tolstoy and other authors.
Essay books
Literarne kritike
Meditacije
Polemike
Dnevniki
Obrazi
References
External links
1895 births
1992 deaths
Journalists from Ljubljana
Slovenian literary critics
Yugoslav Partisans members
Slovenian essayists
Slovenian communists
Members of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Slovenian atheists
Ethnic Slovene people
Burials at Žale
20th-century essayists
Politicians from Ljubljana
Czech Technical University in Prague alumni
Kākā Vidura () is a Hindi minor poem composed by Jagadguru Rambhadracharya (1950–) in the year 1980. It consists of 108 verses in Kavitta and Savaiya metres. The poem revolves around the characters of Vidura and his wife Sulabha from the Mahabharata.
External links
Kākā Vidura online
Hindi-language literature
Protect the Country Temple may refer to these Buddhist temples:
Huguo Temple (Beijing), in Beijing, China
Huguo Temple (Panzhou), in Panzhou, Guizhou, China
Huguo Temple (Wenzhou), in Wenzhou, Zhejiang, China
Linji Huguo Chan Temple, in Taipei, Taiwan
Gokoku-ji, in Tokyo, Japan
Gokoku-ji (Okinawa), in Naha, Okinawa, Japan
See also
Huguo (disambiguation)
Gokoku Shrine
Echinognathus is a genus of eurypterid, an extinct group of aquatic arthropods. The type and only species of Echinognathus, E. clevelandi, is known from deposits of Late Ordovician age in the United States. The generic name is derived from the New Latin echino- ("spiny") and the Greek gnáthos ("jaw"), in reference to a spiny endognathary (used to handle food) appendage part of the fossil type material.
Echinognathus is only known from fragmentary fossil material, consisting of body segments, an appendage used to handle food and possibly other body segments. The genus is distinguished from other eurypterids by the large number of elongated and curved spines, blade-like in life, on its limbs. Initially assumed to represent a species of Eurypterus, these distinguishing features were quickly noticed and deemed important enough to designate Echinognathus as its own genus. With some additional fossil assigned to Echinognathus in the early 20th century, the genus was noted to be similar to Megalograptus, another eurypterid with spiny limbs. In 1955, Echinognathus and Megalograptus were placed into their own taxonomic family of eurypterids, the Megalograptidae.
Based on the proportions of other eurypterids, Echinognathus would have been a medium-sized predator, reaching approximately 45 centimeters (17.7 in) in length. The spines on its limbs were presumably used for active prey capture, securing food and carrying it to the mouth. The fossils of Echinognathus are known from what was once marine environments, and it lived alongside a fauna including graptolites, brachiopods, cephalopods and trilobites.
Description
Echinognathus is only known from fragmentary fossil remains. It was a medium-sized megalograptid eurypterid, reaching approximately 45 centimeters (17.7 in) in length. On account of being known from such fragmentary remains, most of the body of Echinognathus is unknown. Based on the related Megalograptus, it is possible that the head was subquadrate (vaguely quadratic) in shape. Echinognathus was probably robustly built.
The most distinguishing feature apparent in the fossil material was the spines of the known endognathary (used to handle food) appendage. The limb was formed by eight or nine joints, most probably eight, six of which were equipped with large, curved and elongated spines. The spines, similar to but also distinct from those of the related Megalograptus, were flattened, had a subtriangular intersection and were distinctly striated (had grooves) longitudinally. In life, they would have had a distinct blade-like appearance.
The body segments of Echinognathus were ornamented with prominent oblong scales, similar in shape to "raindrops running down a windowpane". The metastoma (a large plate located on the underside of the body) of Echinognathus was broad and cordate (heart-shaped) in shape, a feature similar to most eurypterids but differentiating it from Megalograptus, which had a more unique metastoma.
History of research
The type material of Echinognathus clevelandi was first reported in February 1882 by Charles Doolittle Walcott. The fossils were recovered in deposits of Katian (Late Ordovician) age north of Utica, New York by William N. Cleveland, a friend of Walcott. At first, Walcott provisionally referred the fossils to the genus Eurypterus, proposing the species name Eurypterus? clevelandi, the name honoring Cleveland. The fossils consisted of the remains of a large endognathary appendage equipped with intact fossil spines, and part of a body segment. Later that same year, Walcott formally described the fossils. Because comparisons with other known eurypterids yielded few similarities, Walcott named Echinognathus clevelandi as a new genus and species, the genus name referring to the spiny endognathary appendage. Etymologically, the name derives from the New Latin echino- ("spiny") and the Greek gnáthos ("jaw"). The main distinguishing feature of the Echinognathus fossils, as noted by Walcott, was the long and curved spines of the appendage.
Further fossils from the type locality of E. clevelandi were referred to Echinognathus in the early 20th century by John Mason Clarke and Rudolf Ruedemann (and later Ruedemann alone), who described several fragments of body segments, and mentioned a larger collection of unpublished fragments, in 1912 and 1926. Fragments of a spine, or possibly the telson (the final body segment, often in the shape of a spike), were referred to Echinognathus by Ruedemann in 1916. Ruedemann's spine/telson fragments were covered in scales and not striations (as the spines of the type specimen were), and as such he noted that they might either belong to a new, second species of Echinognathus, or that the striations of the spines broke up into scales as Echinognathus matured. The spine was suggested by Kenneth E. Caster and Erik N. Kjellesvig-Waering in 1964 to instead belong to Megalograptus.
Classification
In his original description of Echinognathus, Walcott made no assessment of the relationship between the genus and other eurypterids. In Clarke's and Ruedemann's 1912 The Eurypterida of New York, Echinognathus was tentatively associated with the genus Stylonurus, particularly the subgenus Ctenopterus (later raised to a full, distinct, genus). The association was made since Echinognathus had so many paired spines on its appendage, most known eurypterids at the time, with the exception of Stylonurus and some others, only having one pair per segment. The continuous series of spines was noted to specifically be characteristic of Ctenopterus. The blade-like spines and the striations on the spines were also noted to be characteristics also seen in Ctenopterus. In The Eurypterida of New York, August Foerste compared the Echinognathus fossils to those of Megalograptus, also fragmentarily known at the time, and concluded that the two were likely closely related, if not congeneric. The discovery of more Megalograptus fossils, and more fragmentary fossils of Echinognathus, later in the 20th century allowed for the two to be firmly established as distinct, but closely related genera.
In 1934, Leif Størmer classified Megalograptus and Echinognathus, together with the genera Mixopterus and Carcinosoma, into the family Carcinosomatidae. The taxonomy was amended by Erik N. Kjellesvig-Waering in Størmer's 1955 Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, wherein Mixopterus was transferred to its own family, the Mixopteridae, and Megalograptus and Echinognathus were also placed within their own family, the Megalograptidae. Though the taxonomic position of this family has been contested historically, phylogenetic analyses support the Megalograptidae as grouped with the Carcinosomatidae and Mixopteridae in the superfamily Carcinosomatoidea. The cladogram below is simplified from the results of a 2015 phylogenetic analysis by James Lamsdell and colleagues, collapsed to only display the Carcinosomatoidea.
Paleoecology
Echinognathus is known from marine deposits. The spines on the appendages were initially hypothesized by Walcott to have been related to the branchial (i. e. respiratory) system. Walcott noted that it was "not apparent" that they were used to securing food or carry it to the mouth of the animal, the only other viable hypothesis. Based on the related Megalograptus, the second hypothesis, that the spines of Echinognathus were used for active prey capture and to move food to the mouth, is more likely. There were numerous other organisms present at the fossil site where the Echinognathus fossils were found, including graptolites Mastigograptus, Geniculograptus, Orthograptus and Climacograptus, orthocerid cephalopod Geisonoceras, lingulid brachiopod Leptolobus, rhynchonellatan brachiopod Camarotoechia and trilobite Triarthrus.
See also
List of eurypterid genera
Timeline of eurypterid research
References
Carcinosomatoidea
Ordovician eurypterids
Eurypterids of North America
Fossil taxa described in 1882
The Finland national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of Finland and is controlled by the Finnish Motorcycling Federation. The team entered the Under-21 World Cup three times, but they never qualified for the final. Ari Koponen is the only Finnish rider to win a medal in Individual U-21 European Championship open for riders from all continents (1979).
Competition
See also
Finland national speedway team
Finland national under-19 speedway team
External links
(fi) Finnish Motorcycling Federation webside
National speedway teams
Speedway
Team
Union County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 United States Census, it had a population of 17,244. Its county seat is Jonesboro. It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known locally as "Little Egypt".
History
Union County was formed out of Johnson County, nearly a year before the Illinois Territory gained statehood. It was named for a joint revival meeting of the Baptists and Dunkards, called a "union meeting". The county seal depicts the leaders of these two groups shaking hands.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.1%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Jonesboro have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1918 and a record high of was recorded in July 1901. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in September to in May.
Major highways
Interstate 57
U.S. Highway 51
Illinois Route 3
Illinois Route 127
Illinois Route 146
Adjacent counties
Jackson County – north
Williamson County – northeast
Johnson County – east
Pulaski County – southeast
Alexander County – south
Cape Girardeau County, Missouri – west
Perry County, Missouri – northwest
Protected areas
Brown Barrens Nature Preserve
Crab Orchard National Wildlife Refuge (partial)
Cypress Creek National Wildlife Refuge (partial)
Lincoln Memorial Picnic Grounds
Giant City State Park (partial)
McClure Shale Glade Nature Preserve
Trail of Tears State Forest
Shawnee National Forest (partial)
Union County State Fish and Wildlife Area
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 17,808 people, 7,167 households, and 4,837 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,924 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.8% white, 0.9% black or African American, 0.5% American Indian, 0.3% Asian, 2.0% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.0% were German, 12.6% were Irish, 9.4% were English, and 8.1% were American.
Of the 7,167 households, 29.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.6% were married couples living together, 10.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.5% were non-families, and 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.92. The median age was 42.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,760 and the median income for a family was $48,465. Males had a median income of $36,831 versus $31,272 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,512. About 12.7% of families and 21.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Anna
Jonesboro (seat)
Villages
Alto Pass
Cobden
Dongola
Mill Creek
Unincorporated communities
Balcom
La Rue
Reynoldsville
Ware
Wolf Lake
Politics
Like much of Southern Illinois, Union County has shifted toward the Republican Party over the past couple decades, with the Republican candidate for president winning the county since 2000.
Education
School districts include:
K-12:
Cobden School Unit District 17
Dongola School Unit District 66
Goreville Community Unit School District 1
Shawnee Community Unit School District 84
Secondary:
Anna Jonesboro Community High School District 81
Vienna High School District 133
Elementary:
Anna Community Consolidated School District 37
Buncombe Consolidated School District 43
Cypress School District 64
Jonesboro Community Consolidated School District 43
Lick Creek Community Consolidated School District 16
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Union County, Illinois
Ku Klux Klan in Southern Illinois
References
Bibliography
External links
Union County Official Website
Union County State's Attorney
Union County Treasurer
Union County Chamber of Commerce
1818 establishments in Illinois Territory
Illinois counties
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Southern Illinois
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Populated places established in 1818
Chaleh Murt or Chalehmurt () may refer to:
Chaleh Murt, Hormozgan
Chaleh Murt, Tehran
Hamilton County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. The 2020 United States Census recorded a population of 347,467. The county seat is Noblesville.
Hamilton County is part of the Indianapolis-Carmel-Anderson, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area. Since the beginning of the 21st century, Hamilton County has been the second most populous county in Central Indiana.
Hamilton County's roots are in agriculture. However, after World War II, development in Indianapolis grew northward, and towns in the southern part of Hamilton County developed as suburbs. Residential and commercial development have replaced many farm fields, although the county's northern part remains largely agricultural. In the first decades of the 21st century, the county is one of the fastest-growing counties in the United States. According to 2007 estimates by the US Census, the county's population increased from 182,740 in 2000 to an estimated 261,661 in 2007, making it the fastest-growing county of Indiana's 92. As of the 2010 census, Hamilton County has surpassed St. Joseph County in population, making it the state's fourth most populous. It is also the third densest in the state, after Marion and Lake Counties.
In 2010, Hamilton County was home to three of the state's 20 largest cities and towns: Carmel (8th), Fishers (9th), and Noblesville (14th).
Geist and Morse reservoirs are two man-made lakes in Hamilton County that offer boating, fishing, and waterfront living.
In June 2008, Hamilton County was named America's Best Place to Raise a Family by Forbes.com due to its strong economy, affordable living, top-ranked schools, and close proximity to Indianapolis. The city of Carmel in southwestern Hamilton County was designated CNN Money's top place to live in 2013 and in 2017, the city of Fishers was named the best place to live.
History
The land containing Hamilton County was brought into the possession of the United States by the Treaty of St. Mary's in 1818. William Conner was the first white settler in the county. In the summer of 1822, after realizing there were enough settlers in the area, Conner and other settlers applied to the Indiana Legislature for a charter authorizing them to become a separate and independent county under Indiana law. The application was presented to the 1822–23 session of the Indiana General Assembly, and the act was passed and approved by the governor on January 8, 1823. The act took effect on the first Monday in April (April 7), 1823. The county commissioners first met on May 5, 1823, at Conner's house; it also served as the county circuit courthouse. The county was named for Alexander Hamilton, the first secretary of the US treasury.
Most Belgian immigration to Indiana occurred in the northwestern part of the state in Lake County and Porter County. However, in the 1890s, a significant number of Belgian immigrants also settled in the Noblesville area of Hamilton County. Similarly, chain migration led to numerous first generation Serbian immigrants who had settled in Indianapolis, and their Indiana-born children, to move to Arcadia, Carmel, Sheridan, Noblesville, and Cicero around the turn of the 20th century.
Like most of Indiana, the area was also heavily German-American, with Germans being the second largest single ethnic group in the county at the time, second only to so-called "native born whites" whose ancestry extended to the original Thirteen Colonies and who were the largest ethnic group in Hamilton County at the turn of the century. During World War I, Hamilton County was noted for an extreme rise in anti-German sentiment. The name of Wilhelm Street in Noblesville was changed to Washington Street and German-Americans were subjected to bullying and abuse from their neighbors. German-Americans were one of the largest ethnic groups in the county, but the remaining two-thirds of the county were "whipped into an anti-German frenzy" during which Germanness and Americanness were presented as being antithetical throughout the press. Hamilton County was labeled the "most anti-German county" in Indiana, although such attitudes were common throughout the rest of Indiana as well. During most of 1940 and 1941, Indiana as a whole was very isolationist, with much of the state preferring that the country stay neutral in the European conflict. However, Hamilton County was a "hot-bed of interventionist and pro-British sentiment", which stood out because unlike many other places in Indiana, most people in Hamilton County were in favor of American entry into the war, and were in favor of providing Britain with as much aid as possible as well.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Noblesville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May. Hamilton County's climate thus falls within the Köppen climate classification system as a humid continental temperate climate, with pleasant spring and fall seasons surrounded by harsh cold and humid heat in the winter and summer, respectively.
Government
The county executive body is the Board of County Commissioners, which consists of three Commissioners representing their three respective districts.
District 1 consists of Carmel, which is coextensive with Clay Township. District 2 consists of Fishers, Noblesville, Delaware Township, and Noblesville Township. District 3 consists of Adams Township, Fall Creek Township, Jackson Township, Washington Township, Wayne Township, White River Township, Arcadia, Atlanta, Cicero, Sheridan and Westfield.
The current (2022) County Commissioners are:
Christine Altman - District 1
Steven C. Dillinger - District 2
Mark Heirbrandt - District 3
The county's finances are managed by the County Council, which consists of seven members, four elected by district and three elected at-large.
District 1 consists of parts of Clay Township (45 precincts). District 2 consists of Delaware, Fall Creek, and Wayne Townships. District 3 consists of Noblesville, Jackson and White River Townships. District 4 consists of parts of Clay Township (17 precincts), Adams and Washington Townships.
The current (2022) members of the County Council are:
Fred Glynn - District 1
Amy Massillamany - District 2
Steve Schwartz1 - District 3
Ken Alexander - District 4
Brad Beaver - Council member at large
Steven Nation - Council member at large
Sue Maki - Council member at large
Hamilton County is part of Indiana's 5th congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 20, 21, 28, 29 and 30; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 29, 32, 35, 36, 38, 39, 86, 87 and 88.
Politics
The county is located in Indiana's 5th congressional district, which is currently (2022) represented by Republican Victoria Spartz.
Hamilton County has long been reckoned as a classic Republican suburban stronghold. It has voted for the Republican presidential candidate at every election since Charles Evans Hughes in 1916. In 1912, Democratic candidate Woodrow Wilson had carried the county with a 3.06% plurality over Republican opponent William Taft. For years, Republicans usually won the county handily even in Democratic landslides. For instance, the county rejected Franklin Roosevelt in all four of his bids for president, and Barry Goldwater easily carried the county in 1964 with 61 percent of the vote. Since Wilson carried the county in 1912, a Republican has only carried it by fewer than 10 percentage points twice–in 1932, when Roosevelt held incumbent Herbert Hoover to 53 percent of the vote, and 2020, when Joe Biden held incumbent Donald Trump to 52.4 percent of the vote.
Hamilton County's loyalty to the Republican Party is not limited to presidential elections. The county regularly rejects Democrats in gubernatorial and senatorial races, and is typically one of the Republicans' strongest counties at the state level. One of the few times in recent memory that Hamilton County has supported a Democrat for governor or Senate was in 1992, when Evan Bayh narrowly carried it with 50.48 percent of the vote in his successful gubernatorial reelection bid. However, Bayh lost Hamilton County in his three bids for Senate.
In 2016, despite his statewide dominance that year, Trump turned in the weakest showing for a Republican nominee in Hamilton County since Hoover, winning just 56% of the vote. Thus, Hamilton County voted less Republican than the rest of the state for the first time in almost 100 years. Hillary Clinton won 36.7 percent of the vote, only the third time since Harry Truman that a Democrat had won more than 35 percent of the county's vote. Eight years earlier, Barack Obama received 38.45% of the county vote during the 2008 election, the strongest result for a Democrat since Roosevelt in 1936. In 2018, Senator Joe Donnelly came within 10 percent of winning the county, winning 44.4% of the vote in his re-election loss.
In 2020, Joe Biden won the largest percentage of the vote for a Democrat in the history of the county (45.6%) while Donald Trump won the second smallest percentage ever (52.4%) for a Republican. It was the first time since 1936 that a Democrat even managed 40 percent of the county's vote, and only the second time in 88 years that a Republican had won the county by fewer than 10 points. Biden carried both Carmel and Fishers.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 97.97%) is land and (or 2.03%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 69
Interstate 465
U.S. Route 31
U.S. Route 52
U.S. Route 421
State Road 19
State Road 32
State Road 37
State Road 38
State Road 47
State Road 213
Airport
KUMP - Indianapolis Metropolitan Airport
Adjacent counties
Tipton County — North
Madison County — East
Hancock County — Southeast
Marion County — South
Boone County — West
Clinton County — Northwest
Cities and towns
Arcadia
Atlanta
Carmel
Cicero
Fishers
Noblesville
Sheridan
Westfield
Unincorporated areas
Aroma
Bakers Corner
Boxley
Clare
Clarksville
Deming
Durbin
Eagletown
Ekin
Hortonville
Lamong
Luxhaven
Millersburg
New Britton
Omega
Riverwood
Roberts Settlement
Strawtown
Walnut Grove
Townships
Adams
Clay
Delaware
Fall Creek
Jackson
Noblesville
Westfield Washington
Wayne
White River
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 274,569 people, 99,835 households, and 74,755 families in the county. The population density was . There were 106,772 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.5% white, 4.8% Asian, 3.5% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 1.2% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 29.0% were German, 14.6% were Irish, 13.0% were English, and 7.7% were American.
Of the 99,835 households, 43.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.2% were married couples living together, 8.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.1% were non-families, and 20.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.19. The median age was 35.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $95,376. Males had a median income of $67,221 versus $44,273 for females. The per capita income for the county was $38,500. About 3.6% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.6% of those under age 18 and 3.5% of those age 65 or over.
Life expectancy
The life expectancy in Hamilton County in 2010 was 81.21 years, up 6.6 percent from 76.16 years in 1980. By comparison, the US national average in 2010 was 78.49 years.
Education
School districts include:
Carmel Clay Schools
Hamilton Heights School Corporation
Hamilton Southeastern Schools
Sheridan Community Schools
Noblesville Schools
Westfield-Washington Schools
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hamilton County, Indiana
References
External links
Hamilton County Government
Hamilton County Tourism, Inc.
Indiana counties
1823 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1823
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Jazz All Around () is a 1969 Danish drama film directed by Knud Leif Thomsen. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
Cast
Finn Storgaard as Peter Hasvig
Lotte Wæver as Ellen
Anne-Lise Gabold as Vera Bagger
Torben Jetsmark as Hugo
Elsebeth Reingaard as Ida Schmidt
Gitte Reingaard as Esther Schmidt
Sisse Reingaard as Stuepige
Susanne Heinrich as Eva Bagger
Steen Frøhne as Johannes
Søren Rode as Hjalmer
Søren Strømberg as Kontorelev
References
External links
1969 films
1969 drama films
Danish drama films
1960s Danish-language films
Danish black-and-white films
Films directed by Knud Leif Thomsen
Best Danish Film Bodil Award winners
The 2016 season marked the 109th season in which the Richmond Football Club participated in the AFL/VFL.
2015 off-season list changes
Retirements and delistings
Trades
Note: All traded picks are indicative and do not reflect final selection position
Free agency
National draft
Rookie draft
2016 squad
2016 season
Pre-season
Source:AFL
Home and away season
Source: AFL Tables
Ladder
Awards
League awards
All-Australian team
Brownlow Medal tally
Rising Star
Nominations:
22 Under 22 team
Club awards
Jack Dyer Medal
Michael Roach Medal
Reserves
The 2016 season marked the third consecutive year the Richmond Football club ran a stand-alone reserves team in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Richmond senior and rookie-listed players who were not selected to play in the AFL side were eligible to play for the team alongside a small squad of VFL-only listed players. The team finished ninth out of 15 participating clubs, with a record of nine wins and nine losses. Each of the club's nine home matches were played at the Punt Road Oval.
Playing squad
References
External links
Richmond Tigers Official AFL Site
Official Site of the Australian Football League
Richmond Football Club seasons
Richmond Tigers
Isaac Todd was built at Québec in 1811 for John McTavish, a partner in the North West Company (NWC). Her mission was to wrest Fort Astoria, at the mouth of the Columbia River, from the American Pacific Fur Company, and thereby destroy the American competition in the fur trade on the Northwest Coast. By the time she arrived there the NWC had purchased the fort, which it renamed Fort George. Isaac Todd then sailed to China where she picked up a cargo of tea for the British East India Company (EIC). She was wrecked in 1821 while carrying cargo and passengers from London to Québec.
Career
Isaac Todd first appears in Lloyd's Register in 1812, with F. Smith, master, M'Tavish & Co, owner, and trade London–Quebec. On her voyage to England she carried Naukane, a Native Hawaiian chief.
Captain Frazer Smith acquired a letter of marque on 4 April 1812.
He sailed Isaac Todd for the Columbia River on 23 March 1813. She sailed via Madeira and Rio de Janeiro, together with . At Rio they joined up with and . They sailed from Rio on 6 July, sailing around Cape Horn to the Juan Fernandez Islands. Isaac Todd was a slow sailer and did not arrive at the rendezvous in a timely manner.
Racoon therefore sailed on to Fort Astoria while Phoebe and Cherub set off to search for the , which was capturing British whalers at the Galapagos Islands and off the Peruvian coast.
Before Racoon arrived at Fort Astoria on 30 November 1813, the North West Company had completed a deal with the Pacific Fur Company that since British ships would be imminently arriving to "take and destroy everything American on the Northwest coast," that they would purchase the assets, for a third of their value. Racoon arrived to find the matter already settled. Still, Commander William Black, captain of Racoon, went through a ceremony of possession. He renamed Fort Astoria to Fort George.
Isaac Todd arrived at Fort Astoria on 23 April 1814. She sailed for China September 26; her voyage represented the first instance of Anglo-Canadian transpacific trade with China.
Captain Joazen Smith sailed Isaac Todd from Whampoa Anchorage on 14 March 1815, bound for England, carrying a cargo of tea for the EIC. She reached the Cape of Good Hope on 17 June and Saint Helena on 17 July. She arrived at The Downs on 19 September.
Some issues of the Register of Shipping show her trade as London-South Seas. However, this appears to be stale data as there is no evidence that she returned to the Pacific.
The Register of Shipping for 1816 shows her master as J. Smith, changing to "Pl_der", her owner as M'Tavish, changing to Mount, and her trade as London–South Seas, changing to London–Barbados.
Isaac Todd underwent a large repair in 1820. The Register of Shipping for 1821 shows her master as Dawson, changing to Threw, her owner as Mount, and her trade as London–Quebec.
Fate
Lloyd's List reported on 6 November 1821 that Isaac Todd, Captain Thew, and two other vessels had wrecked in Gaspee Bay. Isaac Todd was on her way from London to Quebec. The crews were saved.
Isaac Todd had sailed from London on 15 July. On 5 September while she was in a thick fog, a gale developed and drove her onto some rocks. The next day the passengers (who included 12 women, one of whom was 70 years old), reached the shore and using improvised rope ladders that the crew had constructed and hauled up, climbed a - cliff. There they camped for two days, sheltering in tents they had made from salvaged sails. Some crew members went in search of help. They found some houses about 10 miles from the wreck site and discovered that they had wrecked at Long Cove.
Isaac Todd was unsalvageable so she was sold for only £90 where she lay . What could be salvaged, some of her rigging, cables, and the like, was then brought to Quebec.
Citations and references
Citations
References
1811 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Ships of the British East India Company
Maritime incidents in September 1821
Otto (died 944), son of Count Ricwin and a Liudolfing, was the Count of Verdun by inheritance and the Duke of Lorraine by appointment. Otto I, Holy Roman Emperor appointed him to Duke. Otto was a relative of the emperor, hence both his name and his appointment to high office. He is sometimes referred to as Otto I because another Otto later ruled over Lower Lorraine.
Sometime between 940 and 942, Otto was appointed duke and given the guardianship over Henry, son of Gilbert, the first duke of Lorraine. He died not long afterward, and his ward Henry died soon after that.
Sources
Bernhardt, John W. Itinerant Kingship and Royal Monasteries in Early Medieval Germany, c. 936–1075. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1993.
944 deaths
Dukes of Lorraine
Counts of Verdun
10th-century rulers in Europe
Year of birth unknown
Sanza is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 11,397 people in the ward, from 10,387 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Penwiper is a common name that can refer to a number of plant species in different nations.
In Britain and Africa it usually refers to Kalanchoe marmorata.
In New Zealand it usually refers to one of the species of alpine plants of the genus Notothlapsi - usually Notothlapsi rosulatum.
The name refers to the layered, dark-blotched leaves, which appear ink-spattered like penwipers, cloth blotting papers used to clean the nibs of early ink pens.
Gallery
References
Kalanchoe
Boris Yeltsin Street () is a street in Yekaterinburg, Russia.
History
The street historically developed in the 1740s as one of the streets of Ssylnaya Sloboda ("settlement of the exiled"), emerging outside Zeley Gates of Yekaterinburg Fortress. Street direction reflected the line of the south side of the Yekaterinburg City Pond. On the city plan of 1810 it was marked as Ordinarnaya (Ordinary) Street, on the city plan of 1845 — Fetisovskaya (Fetisov).
Till 1845 Fetisovskaya street was quite developed, consisting of two long quarters. The street started from Metlinskaya (Metlin) Street (beginning of modern 8 Marta (March 8) Street) and approached Severnaya (North) Street. In 1919 the street was renamed Devyatogo Yanvarya (January 9th) Street to commemorate the events of January 9, 1905 in Saint Petersburg.
On April 8, 2008 the street was renamed after the first president of Russia Yeltsin. On February 1, 2011 Boris Yeltsin Monument was opened on the street near Demidov-Plaza business center.
Notable locations
No. 3 — Boris Yeltsin Presidential Center
No. 6 — Iset Tower
No. 10 — Legislative Assembly of Sverdlovsk Oblast
See also
Yekaterinburg-City
References
Sources
Зорина, Л. И. (Zorina L.I.), & Слукин, В. М. (Slukin V.M.) (2005). Улицы и площади старого Екатеринбурга (Streets and squares of old Yekaterinburg). Yekaterinburg, Russia: Basko.
Рабинович, Р. И. (Rabinovich R.I.), & Шерстобитов, С. Л. (Shestobritov S.L.) (1965). Улицы Свердловска (Streets of Sverdlovsk) (2nd ed.). Sverdlovsk, USSR: Mid-Ural Books Publishing. http://www.1723.ru/read/books/sverdlovsk-1965.htm
Худякова, М. Ф. (Khudiakova M.F.) (2003). Улицы Екатеринбурга (Streets of Yekaterinburg). Yekaterinburg, Russia: Mid-Ural Books Publishing.
Streets in Yekaterinburg
Boris Yeltsin
The 44th Parliament of Australia was a meeting of the legislative branch of the Australian federal government, composed of the Australian Senate and the Australian House of Representatives.
Major events
18 November 2013: Material leaked by NSA contractor Edward Snowden reveals that Australian intelligence agencies had attempted to tap the phones of the President of Indonesia, his wife, and other officials. In response, Indonesia recalls its ambassador, and threatens other consequences.
10 December 2013: Federal Environment Minister Greg Hunt approves the expansion of the controversial Abbot Point coal terminal in north Queensland.
11 December 2013: Car manufacturer Holden announces it will cease production of vehicles in Australia by 2017
13 December 2013: Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, holds his first Council of Australian Governments (COAG) meeting. The states and territories agree to have sole responsibility for the environmental assessment of major developments and to focus on boosting the school attendance rates of Indigenous children. It is confirmed that the national paid parental leave scheme will include state public servants.
18 December 2013: The Federal Government unveils its $100 million assistance package to help Holden and the manufacturing industry.
20 December 2013: A two-hour siege took place outside Sydney's Parliament House when a man in his car threatened to set himself alight.
23 December 2013: A Royal Commission into the Rudd Government's home insulation scheme begins in Brisbane.
26 December 2013: Acting Prime Minister, Warren Truss, announces that Australia will provide two military aircraft to South Sudan to aid in the current military crisis.
30 December 2013: Cyclone Christine intensifies into a category 3 cyclone causing heavy rainfall across a large section of the West Australian Pilbara coast. The towns of Roebourne and Wickham receive significant damage.
4 January 2014: Stradbroke Island suffers bushfires which burn out over 8,500 hectares (21,004 acres) of bushland.
12–15 January 2014: Perth Hills Fire; A total of 55 homes were razed, 1 fatality, and a damage bill in excess of $13 million.
15–20 January 2014:Grampians Fire – A fire starts as a result of lightning strikes in the northern Grampians National Park on 15 January. Extreme fire conditions on 17 January saw the fire grow in size to over 50,000 hectares (123,553 acres). The fire was brought under control on 18 January. By the time the fire is contained on 20 January, it had burnt out 55,000 hectares (135,908 acres) hectares. The estimated losses included 90 structures, 32 homes and 3000 sheep.
20 January 2014: New South Wales Premier Barry O'Farrell uses special legislation to cancel three coal licences worth hundreds of millions of dollars issued by corrupt former Labor minister Ian Macdonald and deny the companies that own them any compensation.
23 January 2014: Prime Minister Tony Abbott addresses the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
Leadership
Senate
Presiding officer
President of the Senate: Stephen Parry
Government leadership
Leader of the Government: Eric Abetz, until 21 September 2015
George Brandis, from 21 September 2015
Deputy Leader of the Government: George Brandis, until 21 September 2015
Mathias Cormann, from 21 September 2015
Chief Government Whip: David Bushby
Deputy Government Whips: David Fawcett; Anne Ruston, until 13 October 2015.
Dean Smith, from 13 October 2015
Manager of Government Business: Mitch Fifield
Opposition leadership
Leader of the Opposition: Penny Wong
Chief Opposition Whip: Anne McEwen
Deputy Opposition Whips: Catryna Bilyk; Anne Urquhart
Manager of Opposition Business: Claire Moore
House of Representatives
Presiding officer
Speaker of the House: Bronwyn Bishop, until 2 August 2015
Tony Smith, from 2 August 2015
Government leadership
Leader of the House: Christopher Pyne
Chief Government Whip:
Government Whips:
Opposition leadership
Manager of Opposition Business: Tony Burke
Chief Opposition Whip: Chris Hayes
Opposition Whips: Jill Hall, Joanne Ryan
Party Summary
Senate
Membership
House of Representatives
All 150 seats in the lower house were contested in the election in September 2013.
Australian Capital Territory
Gai Brodtmann (Labor)
Andrew Leigh (Labor)
New South Wales
Tony Abbott (Liberal)
Anthony Albanese (Labor)
John Alexander (Liberal)
Bob Baldwin (Liberal)
Sharon Bird (Labor)
Bronwyn Bishop (Liberal)
Chris Bowen (Labor)
Tony Burke (Labor)
Jason Clare (Labor)
Sharon Claydon (Labor)
John Cobb (National)
David Coleman (Liberal)
Pat Conroy (Labor)
Mark Coulton (National)
Justine Elliot (Labor)
Laurie Ferguson (Labor)
Joel Fitzgibbon (Labor)
Paul Fletcher (Liberal)
David Gillespie (National)
Jill Hall (Labor)
Luke Hartsuyker (National)
Alex Hawke (Liberal)
Chris Hayes (Labor)
Peter Hendy (Liberal)
Joe Hockey (Liberal)
Kevin Hogan (National)
Ed Husic (Labor)
Stephen Jones (Labor)
Barnaby Joyce (National)
Craig Kelly (Liberal)
Craig Laundy (Liberal)
Sussan Ley (Liberal)
Louise Markus (Liberal)
Russell Matheson (Liberal)
Michael McCormack (National)
Karen McNamara (Liberal)
Scott Morrison (Liberal)
Julie Owens (Labor)
Tanya Plibersek (Labor)
Michelle Rowland (Labor)
Philip Ruddock (Liberal)
Fiona Scott (Liberal)
Ann Sudmalis (Liberal)
Angus Taylor (Liberal)
Matt Thistlethwaite (Labor)
Malcolm Turnbull (Liberal)
Nickolas Varvaris (Liberal)
Lucy Wicks (Liberal)
Trent Zimmerman (Liberal)
Northern Territory
Natasha Griggs (Country Liberal)
Warren Snowdon (Labor)
Queensland
Karen Andrews (Liberal National)
Mal Brough (Liberal National)
Scott Buchholz (Liberal National)
Terri Butler (Labor)
Jim Chalmers (Labor)
George Christensen (Liberal National)
Steven Ciobo (Liberal National)
Peter Dutton (Liberal National)
Warren Entsch (Liberal National)
Teresa Gambaro (Liberal National)
Luke Howarth (Liberal National)
Ewen Jones (Liberal National)
Bob Katter (Katter's Australian)
Andrew Laming (Liberal National)
Michelle Landry (Liberal National)
Ian Macfarlane (Liberal National)
Shayne Neumann (Labor)
Ken O'Dowd (Liberal National)
Clive Palmer (Palmer United)
Graham Perrett (Labor)
Keith Pitt (Liberal National)
Jane Prentice (Liberal National)
Bernie Ripoll (Labor)
Stuart Robert (Liberal National)
Wyatt Roy (Liberal National)
Kevin Rudd (Labor)
Bruce Scott (Liberal National)
Wayne Swan (Labor)
Warren Truss (Liberal National)
Bert van Manen (Liberal National)
Ross Vasta (Liberal National)
South Australia
Jamie Briggs (Liberal)
Mark Butler (Labor)
Nick Champion (Labor)
Kate Ellis (Labor)
Tony Pasin (Liberal)
Christopher Pyne (Liberal)
Rowan Ramsey (Liberal)
Amanda Rishworth (Labor)
Andrew Southcott (Liberal)
Matt Williams (Liberal)
Tony Zappia (Labor)
Tasmania
Julie Collins (Labor)
Eric Hutchinson (Liberal)
Andrew Nikolic (Liberal)
Brett Whiteley (Liberal)
Victoria
Kevin Andrews (Liberal)
Western Australia
Julie Bishop (Liberal)
Ian Goodenough (Liberal)
Gary Gray (Labor)
Andrew Hastie (Liberal)
Steve Irons (Liberal)
Dennis Jensen (Liberal)
Michael Keenan (Liberal)
Nola Marino (Liberal)
Melissa Parke (Labor)
Christian Porter (Liberal)
Melissa Price (Liberal)
Don Randall (Liberal)
Luke Simpkins (Liberal)
Stephen Smith (Labor)
Rick Wilson (Liberal)
Ken Wyatt (Liberal)
Coalition
See also
45th Parliament of Australia
Abbott government
Notes
References
Parliament of Australia
Alain Bancquart (20 June 1934 – 27 January 2022) was a French composer.
Biography
Bancquart had his musical formation at the Conservatoire de Paris (violin, viola, chamber music, counterpoint, fugue and composition) with Darius Milhaud. He was a violist with the Orchestre National de France until 1973. He became Directeur Musical des Orchestres de Régions at the ORTF (1973–1974), then musical director of the Orchestre National de France (1975–1976).
Since 1967, he had dedicated his compositional work to the study of micro-intervals in a neo-serial approach using quarter-tones, and more recently 16th tones.
Bancquart was married to French poet Marie-Claire Bancquart. He died on 27 January 2022, at the age of 87.
Selected works
Five symphonies for large orchestra
Two concertos for violin
Partition concertante for cello and ensemble
Two works for string trio and orchestra
Two chamber operas
Three string quartets
Many pieces for flute
Many vocal works
Baroques for viola and orchestra (1973)
Concerto for viola and orchestra (1965)
Jeux pour lumière for violin, viola, cello and orchestra (1969)
Les Tarots d'Ulysse for soprano, tenor and baritone soloists, violin, viola and flute solo, children's chorus, percussion, synthesizers and tape (1984)
Ma manière d'arbre II: Du lent sommeil des feuilles for viola and 10 instruments (1992)
Écorces I for violin and viola (published 1968)
Sonata for viola solo (1983)
Duo for viola and harp (1985)
References
External links
Alain Bancquart website
A page dedicated to Alain Bancquart
1934 births
2022 deaths
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
French classical composers
French male classical composers
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
Microtonal musicians
Modernism
French classical violists
People from Dieppe, Seine-Maritime
Pupils of Darius Milhaud
The Drewe family of Broadhembury are generation owners and inhabitants of The Grange, Sharpham, Broadhembury, Stutton House, Wadhurst Park, Devon, in the west and east of England, from the 16th century to the current date.
All estates are currently owned by Major-General Sir Michael Gordon Thomas Drew.
Edward Drew (c. 1542–1598)
Edward Drew (c. 1542–1598) of Killerton in the parish of Broadclyst, Devon (where he built a new mansion house), purchased the manor of Broadhembury including the lands and buildings of the grange of Dunkeswell Abbey. He was a Serjeant-at-Law to Queen Elizabeth I, and served as a Member of Parliament for Lyme Regis in 1584, twice for Exeter in 1586 and 1588 and in 1592 for the prestigious seat of City of London. He occupied the honourable position of Recorder of the City of London. He was the eldest son of Thomas Drew (b. 1519) of Sharpham, in the parish of Ashprington, near Totnes, Devon, by his wife Eleanora Huckmore, a daughter and co-heiress of William Huckmore of Devon. He married Bridget FitzWilliam of Mablethorpe, Lincolnshire. His large canopied monument with effigies survives in Broadclyst Church.
Sir Thomas Drew (died 1651)
Sir Thomas Drew (died 1651), the eldest son and heir, who served as Sheriff of Devon in 1612 under King James I, and was knighted at the coronation of King Charles I. He sold Killerton to Sir Arthur Acland (died 1610), Knight, of Acland in the parish of Landkey, Devon, who used it as jointure for his wife Eleanor Mallet. Sir Arthur Acland's uncle Sir John Acland (died 1620), MP and High Sheriff of Devon had shortly before purchased the adjoining manor of Columb John also in the parish of Broadclyst.
Having sold Killerton, Sir Thomas Drew moved his family's residence from Killerton to Broadhembury, where in the words of the Devon historian Sir William Pole (died 1635) he "hath bwilded a fayre howse in this place & hath lardge demesnes & nowe dwelleth theire". This was The Grange, which remained long after the seat of the family. The portrait of Queen Elizabeth I (1558–1603) attributed to George Gower (c. 1540–1596), was kept at The Grange from Sir Thomas's time until 1903, but has since 2005 been owned by Chris Nightingale of Appleby Castle, Cumbria Historical Portraits Ltd. Sharpham was sold by the Drew family at some time before 1640 to the Giles family of Bowden, an adjoining estate. Sir Thomas Drew also purchased the estate of Kitton in the parish of Holcombe Rogus, Devon, from Richard Warr. He married Elizabeth More (died 1635), one of the daughters and co-heiresses of Sir Edward More (c. 1555–1623) of Odiham in Hampshire, Member of Parliament for Midhurst in 1584 and for Hampshire in 1601. A mural monument with kneeling effigy of Elizabeth's father survives in Broadhembury Church, although he was buried at Odiham.
William Drew (1603–1654)
William Drew (1603–1654), the eldest son and heir, who married five times but left no children.
Francis Drew (1604–1675)
Francis Drew (1604–1675), younger brother, baptised at Broadhembury. He married Mary Walrond (died 1699), 2nd daughter of Richard Walrond of Ilbrewers, descended in a junior line from the Walronds of Sea, Ilminster, Somerset, themselves a junior branch of the Walronds of Bradfield, Uffculme in Devon. One of his daughters, Bridget Drew, in 1671 married (as his second wife) Francis Fulford (1632–1675) of Great Fulford, Devon. His mural monument (called by Pevsner "not yet classical in its forms") survives in Broadhembury Church, inscribed as follows:
"To the memory of Francis Drewe Esqr who departed this life the 24th of Decembr An(no) Dom(ini) 1675 and in the 71 yeare of his age.
If flouds of teares and universal love
Against the Fates a remora could prove
If vertue could the just and loyal save
From ye dishonours of ye darkesome grave
Then had'st not thou most happy soul so soon
Left us in teares and to the angels gone
But walls of flesh we see can't long confine
Souls truly noble and like thine divine
Impatient of their earth they still aspire
And what thou dost enjoy they most desire.
Thomas Drewe (1635–1707)
Thomas Drewe (1635–1707), the eldest son and heir, Sheriff of Devon 1688–9 under King James II and Tory MP for Devon 16 May 1699 to 1700. He matriculated at Oriel College, Oxford in 1652 and entered Lincoln's Inn in 1655. In 1661 he married Margaret Prideaux (1631–1695), daughter of Sir Peter Prideaux, 2nd Baronet (1596–1682), of Netherton, Farway, Devon, MP for Honiton in 1661, Sheriff of Devon in 1662 and a poet. He left no surviving male children, only two daughters, the eldest of whom was Elizabeth Drew, wife of Sir Arthur Chichester, 3rd Baronet (died 1717), Member of Parliament for Barnstaple, Devon, formerly of Raleigh, Pilton who built the surviving grand mansion of Youlston Park. The Drew estates passed, presumably under a tail male, to his younger brother.
Francis Drew (died 1710)
Francis Drew (died 1710), younger brother, who owned the Grange for only three years until his death in 1710. He had married Martha Webb (died 1729) but left only female children and died and was buried in the parish of All Hallows in the City of Exeter.
Edward Drew (died 1714)
Edward Drew (died 1714), younger brother, a Canon of Exeter Cathedral, who owned The Grange for only four years until his death in 1714. He did however leave male children, by his wife Joan Sparrow (died 1703), a daughter and co-heiress of Anthony Sparrow (1612–1685), Bishop of Exeter.
Francis Drewe (c. 1674–1734)
Francis Drewe (c. 1674–1734), son and heir, a Member of Parliament for the City of Exeter "in four successive parliaments", elected in 1713, 1715, 1722 and 1727, in which latter parliament he served until his death in 1734. He matriculated at Corpus Christi College, Oxford on 2 August 1690, aged 16, and entered the Middle Temple in 1691 and was called to the bar in 1697 and was appointed a bencher in 1723. On 7 January 1695 he married Mary Bidgood (died 1729/30), a daughter of Humphrey Bidgood of Rockbeare, near Exeter.
Francis Drewe (1712–1773)
Francis Drewe (1712–1773) (the eldest son), Sheriff of Devon in 1738. He married twice:
Firstly in 1737 to Mary Rose (died pre-1753), only child and sole heiress of Thomas Rose (d.1747) of Wootton House, Wootton Fitzpaine in Dorset (whose mural monument survives in Broadhembury Church), Sheriff of Dorset during the reign of King George I, by whom he had 7 sons, six of whom survived him, four of whom inherited Grange successively, but none of whom left surviving male progeny. His eldest son and heir was Francis Rose Drew (1738–1801) of Grange, who died unmarried. In 1826 a large portrait was hanging on the wall of the staircase of Grange showing Francis Drewe, his wife Mary Rose and their seven sons.
Secondly in 1753 he married Mary Johnson, daughter of Thomas Johnson of London. Mary Johnson's portrait dated 1754 survives showing her dressed as a shepherdess, in a gold dress, with flowers in her hair, holding a crook in her left hand. By his second wife he had two further sons, the eldest of whom was Rev. Edward Drewe (1756–1810), Rector of Willand, whose son Edward Simcoe Drewe (1805–1879) of Grange, Sheriff of Devon in 1845, succeeded his youngest half-uncle John Rose Drewe (1747–1830) in the Drewe estates including Grange and Leyhill, Peyhembury. The second son was Samuel Drewe (1759–1837) of Kensington in Middlesex, Governor of the Bank of England from 1828 to 1830. By Mary Johnson Francis Drewe left three daughters, who all survived him, one of whom was Mary Drewe (died 1830) who in 1782 married John Fownes Luttrell (1752–1816), feudal baron of Dunster Castle in Somerset, MP for Minehead (1776–1816). A portrait of her grandfather Francis Drewe (d.1734) of Grange survives at Dunster Castle.
His mural monument survives in Broadhembury Church, erected after 1801 as requested in the will of his eldest son and heir Francis Rose Drew (1738–1801), and displays a triple impalement: centre: (Ermine, a lion passant gules) Drew; dexter: (Sable, on a pale or three roses slipt leaved proper) Rose; sinister: (Argent, a chevron between three lion's heads erased gules crowned or) Johnson. It is inscribed as follows (before many biographical details of some of his progeny):
"This monument is erected to the memory of Francis Drewe Esqr of Grange in this parish who died Feby 10th 1773 aged 61 years. (he was the eldest son of Francis Drewe Esqr also of Grange, who represented the City of Exeter in four successive parliaments and was lineally descended from Edward Drewe Esqr serjeant at law to Queen Elizabeth and Recorder of the City of London in that reign). Tho' he moved in a less conspicuous sphere of life than his ancestors, he contented himself with living to establish the character of a diligent and upright magistrate, a valuable neighbour, a faithful friend and one of the best parents. Having been twice married he had by his first wife seven sons (six of whom survived him) and by his second wife two sons and three daughters (who all survived him)..."
Francis Rose Drew (1738–1801)
Francis Rose Drew (1738–1801), the eldest son and heir by his father's first wife. He purchased the estate of Leyhill in the parish of Payhembury, formerly the seat of the Willoughby family, also of Molland Champson, Devon. There survives of him a portrait silhouette painted on laid card c. 1777, probably by Francis Torond. He died without children. In June 1800 he was visited at The Grange by the landowner and landscaping connoisseur Rev. John Swete (died 1821) of Oxton House near Exeter, who made a watercolour painting of the house and recorded the event in his Travel Journal.
Thomas Rose-Drew (1740–1815)
Thomas Rose-Drew (1740–1815), younger brother, of Wootton House in the parish of Wootton FitzPaine, Dorset (inherited from his mother Mary Rose) who inherited The Grange on the death of his elder brother. He served as Sheriff of Dorset in 1801. In 1782 he married Betty Incledon (1758–1846), daughter of the antiquarian Benjamin Incledon (1730–1796) of Pilton House, Pilton, Devon. Individual oval portraits of Thomas and his wife painted by Lewis Vaslet (1742–1808) survive in the collection of Dunster Castle in Somerset. He died without progeny. His monument, erected by his widow, survives on the west wall of the south chapel of Wooton FitzPaine Church ("white and grey marble with swags, cornice, acroteria and pediment-shaped top with shield-of-arms") inscribed as follows:
"Sacred to the memory of Thomas Rose Drew of Wootton House, Esq the second son of Francis Drewe Esq of Grange in the County of Devon. Succeeding in early life to his maternal estates he spent his days at this place in the faithful and unwearied discharge of all the duties of his station, and died on the first of June, 1815, aged 76 years, respected, beloved, lamented".
William Drewe (1745–1821)
William Drewe (1745–1821), younger brother, of New Street, Spring Gardens in the parish of St Martin-in-the-Fields, Westminster, a lawyer of New Inn, London, who died unmarried. He was the subject of a poem written in 1783 by Richard Cooksey entitled "To William Drewe Esqr. of New Inn, sent as an apology for a breach of promise in not having met him and a party consisting of the Portals of Hampshire and Slades of Hammersmith, at Windsor".
John Rose Drewe (1747–1830)
John Rose Drewe (1747–1830), younger brother, who married Dorothy Bidgood (died 1834), daughter of Charles Bidgood of Rockbeare. He left no surviving male children. An engraving of Grange in 1826, whilst he was the owner, was published by John Preston Neale in his Views of the Seats of Noblemen and Gentlemen, etc. Neale described in great detail the "Oak drawing Room", which he described as "the chief ornament of this seat".
Edward Simcoe Drewe (1805–1879)
Edward Simcoe Drewe (1805–1879), half-nephew, only son of Edward Drewe (1756–1810), Rector of Willand, Devon, 7th son of Francis Drewe (1712–1773) of The Grange, by his second wife Mary Johnson. He was a Justice of the Peace and Deputy Lieutenant of Devon and in 1845 served as High Sheriff of Devon. He married Jane Susan Adele Prevost, daughter and heiress of Jean Gaspard Prevost, Conseiler d'Etat of the Canton of Geneva.
Major-General Francis Edward Drewe (1830–1891)
Major-General Francis Edward Drewe (born 1830), 23rd Royal Welsh Fusiliers, the eldest son and heir, of The Grange and Leyhill, a Justice of the Peace for Devon. He was a Knight of the Legion of Honour. While a Brevet Major on half-pay from the 23rd Fusiliers he also served as Lieutenant-Colonel commanding the 1st Devon Militia from 1856 to 1858. He married twice: firstly to Louisa Anne Vincent (died 1883), the eldest daughter of Sir Frederick Vincent, 11th Baronet (1798–1883), Rector of Slinford, Sussex. Secondly in 1885 he married Katherine Shelley, only daughter of Adolphus Shelley and widow of James Boutein. On his death in 1891 without children his heir was his sister Adèle Caroline Drewe (died 1895), the widow of John Arthur Locke (died 1888) of Northmoor, near Dulverton in Somerset, a partner in the lead manufacturing firm of Locke and Blackett of Newcastle upon Tyne.
References
Sources
Pole, Sir William (died 1635), Collections Towards a Description of the County of Devon, Sir John-William de la Pole (ed.), London, 1791.
Risdon, Tristram (died 1640), Survey of Devon. With considerable additions. London, 1811.
Vivian, Lt.Col. J.L., (Ed.) The Visitations of the County of Devon: Comprising the Heralds' Visitations of 1531, 1564 & 1620. Exeter, 1895.
Neale, John Preston, Views of the Seats of Noblemen and Gentlemen in England, Wales, Scotland and Ireland, 2nd Series, Vol.III, London, 1826
Burke, John, Genealogical and Heraldic History of the Commoners of Great Britain and Ireland, Vol. 4, 1838, pp. 672–5, pedigree of Drewe
Families from Devon
Togo competed at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, from 9 to 25 February 2018. It was represented by single athlete, cross-country skier Mathilde-Amivi Petitjean.
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Togolese delegation per sport.
Alpine skiing
Togo qualified one female athlete, but Alessia Afi Dipol withdrew.
Cross-country skiing
Togo qualified one female athlete.
Distance
Sprint
References
Nations at the 2018 Winter Olympics
2018
2018 in Togolese sport
Gülnezer Bextiyar, also known as Gulinazha (; born 2 May 1992) or simply Nazha, is a Chinese actress and model of Uyghur ethnicity who graduated from the Beijing Film Academy in 2011.
Early life and education
Gulnazar was born on 2 May 1992 in Ürümqi, Xinjiang, China. She attended Xinjiang Arts University, majoring in dancing when she was young. At the age of 16, she participated in a modeling contest where she took home the award for the "Most Photogenic". Gulnazar auditioned for the Beijing Film Academy in 2011. During the audition, her unique appearance received attention and her photos were taken and published online. Due to the exposure, she was discovered and signed on by Tangren Media.
Career
In 2012, Gulnazar made her acting debut in the television series Xuan-Yuan Sword: Scar of Sky and rose to fame for her role as Yu Xiaoxue.
In 2013, Gulnazar made her big-screen debut in the police film Police Story 2013.
She then starred in comedy film The Breakup Guru and action film Black & White: The Dawn of Justice, and received the Newcomer award at the Golden Phoenix Awards.
In 2016, Gulnazar played her first leading role in the fantasy historical drama The Classic of Mountains and Seas. The same year, she played the role of Diaochan in the historical fiction drama God of War, Zhao Yun; and the female lead in the fantasy action drama Chinese Paladin 5, based on the video game of the same title.
In 2017, Gulnazar starred in the fantasy action drama Fighter of the Destiny alongside Lu Han. The drama was a commercial success and attained high ratings during its run. The same year, she starred in the music film City of Rock as a rebellious guitar player. Her performance received positive reviews, and she was won the Breakthrough Actress award at the Huading Awards.
In 2018, Gulnazar was once again cast as Diaochan in the historical film Dynasty Warriors, based on the video game of the same name.
In 2019, Gulnazar starred in the romance drama Ten Years Late, based on the Japanese manga series Asunaro Hakusho alongside Shawn Dou; where she played a travel service product manager.
In 2020, Gulnazar is set to star in the crime action drama Dancing in the Storm as a criminal profiler, alongside William Chan.
Personal life
On August 9, 2015, Hans Zhang announced on Weibo that he had a relationship with Gulnazar during their collaboration of the TV series The Classic of Mountains and Seas. On December 25, 2017, the studios of Hans Zhang and Gulnazar both issued a statement stating that the two broke up amicably in mid-October 2017.
Other activities
Endorsements
In 2018, the jewelry brand Qeelin chose Gulnazar to become its ambassador.
In 2019, Sergio Rossi announced the appointment of Gulnazar as its first Brand Ambassador for Greater China.
In 2019, Gulnazar chooses as brand spokesperson for eyewear brand PRSR.
In 2020, chando announced Gulnazar as its global spokesperson for skincare products.
In 2020, Silk'n announced Gulnazar as its brand global spokesperson.
In 2021, Triumph announced Gulnazar as it brand first spokesperson for Asia Pacific region.
Filmography
Film
Television series
Short film
Variety show
Music video
Discography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Weibo
Actresses from Xinjiang
Uyghur people
Living people
Chinese film actresses
Chinese television actresses
1992 births
People from Ürümqi
Beijing Film Academy alumni
Tangren Media
<r
Alessandro Franly Baroni Vásquez (born 14 August 1999) is a Dominican Republic footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga Dominicana de Fútbol club O&M FC and the Dominican Republic national team.
Career
Baroni started his career with the reserves of Portuguese top flight side Boavista.
Before the 2019 season, he signed for O&M in the Dominican Republic.
References
External links
Alessandro Baroni at playmakerstats.com
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santo Domingo
Dominican Republic footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Dominican Republic expatriate footballers
Dominican Republic expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Dominican Republic people of Italian descent
Walter Gaudnek (born 1931 in Fláje, Czechoslovakia) is a modern artist and professor at the University of Central Florida in Orlando, Florida. Gaudnek has been one of the main representatives of pop art since the 1970s. He is considered the only artist within pop art to also deal with religious topics (e.g. Stations of the Cross in St. Michael in Schweinfurt, Germany). He is known for labyrinth installations of colorful canvases and his dedicated works of The Ten Commandments, which currently hang in Havana, Cuba.
Biography and work
Due to forced migration, Gaudnek lost his German Bohemian homeland in 1946 after 18 months of child labor in the new Czechoslovakia. In 1947, he attended a Realschule in Schrobenhausen, and from 1948 to 1951 the Gymnasium in Ingolstadt. In 1951, he visited the Blocher School of Fine and Applied Arts in Munich. From 1952-1957, he studied at the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich (German: Akademie der Bildenden Künste München, also known as Munich Academy) as Meisterschueler of Professor Geitlinger, where he received the Jubilee scholarship of the City of Munich. In 1953, together with H.E. Gabriel, he founded the Neue Galerie in Ingolstadt and also the Galerie 17 in Munich. Gaudnek received a Fulbright Scholarship in 1957 for study and teaching in the United States. From 1957 to 1959, he worked as a teaching assistant and instructor at the University of California, Los Angeles, earning his Master of Arts degree in January 1959. After Los Angeles, Gaudnek moved to New York City. In summer of 1960, Gaudnek formed the 10/4 GROUP with artist Ray Schultz. He turned his Greenwich Village, third-floor, walk-up studio at 71 Fourth Avenue into a small gallery called the 10/4 Gallery, where he showed group and one-man exhibitions of his work and that of three or four other painters and sculptors, including Schultz, Spyer, and Hoberman. Gaudnek gained the public's attention when he was included in the Museum of Modern Art's fourteenth New Talent Exhibition: Baden, Gaudnek, Rabkin: New Talent Exhibition (September 20 - October 30, 1960). In 1961, his cosmic installation entitled Unlimited Dimensions was displayed at the Martha Jackson Gallery, where it earned him the NYTIMES review "best show of the year". He taught Art History at C.W. Post in Long Island from 1964 to 1967, where he founded the C.W. Post Fine Arts Museum. In 1968, Gaudnek did his doctorate at New York University on the topic The symbolic meaning of the cross in the American Contemporary Painting. Religious themes continued to determine his work. Since 1970, he has been a professor at the University of Central Florida for painting, graphic design, art history and art theory, and in 2017 was paid $103,925 per year. Among his numerous teaching awards, he received the UCF Researcher of the Year award in 1990. He was honored in 1994 with the Sudentendeutschen Kulterpreis fuer Bildende Kunst und Architektur. In 1998, he became a full member of the Sudeten German Academy of Sciences and Arts. In 2011, Gaudnek was awarded the Public Service Medal of the municipality of Altomünster.
Gaudnek Museum
The Gaudnek Europe Museum (GEM) in Altomünster was founded in 1999. On three floors Gaudnek presents roughly 400 of his paintings and sculptures. The museum displays a collection of paintings, drawings, watercolors, collages, assemblages, objects, sculptures, printmaking, the Theater of the suitcase, and an archive of photographs and documents from the years 1949-2005. In 2013 the exhibition witches and saints opened.
References
External links
Homepage of Walter Gaudnek
Walter Gaudnek: Professor of Art, Painting – (UCF)
Walter Gaudnek: Alchemy & Magic; Medieval Images for the 21st Century – (UCF)
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Pop artists
Modern artists
1931 births
Living people
People from Most District
21st-century German painters
21st-century German male artists
Web.com Group Inc. is an American company headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida that provides domain name registration and web development services. Established in 1999 by Darin Brannan, the company was known as Website Pros Inc. until early 2008, after acquiring an Atlanta-based company called Web.com (changing its name to Web.com), which was founded in 1981 and formerly known as Interland, Inc. Web.com has 3.3 million subscribers, as of 2016, and 3,500 employees throughout the United States and in Argentina, Canada, and the United Kingdom, as of 2017.
On June 21, 2018, Web.com announced an agreement to be acquired by an affiliate of Siris Capital Group, LLC. The agreement was for $25.00 per share in an all cash deal valued at approximately $2 billion. On August 6, 2018, Web.com announced an amended agreement to be acquired by an affiliate of Siris Capital Group, LLC for a revised amount of $28.00 per share in Cash and at the end of the "Go Shop" period.
Corporate overview
Web.com is based in Jacksonville, Florida and incorporated in Delaware, and provides domain name registration and web development services, among others. The company caters to small and medium-size businesses and offers a variety of subscription services, including design, hosting, management, e-commerce, lead generation, mobile commerce, online advertising, search engine optimization, and social media solutions. Web.com reportedly had 3.3 million subscribers in January 2016. The company has offices in more than 20 U.S. states, and in Argentina (Buenos Aires), Canada (Barrie, Ontario, and Nova Scotia), and the United Kingdom (including Cardiff, Wales). Web.com was traded as "WEB" on NASDAQ.
David Brown served as Web.com's chief executive officer (CEO) until early 2019. Okumus Fund Management was the company's top shareholder, with 18.64 percent as of March 2017. In 2015, Okumus and Web.com agreed to appoint two independent directors to its board.
In May 2017, the company had 3,500 employees and a market capitalization of $1.1 billion. Web.com has a $1.21 billion valuation, as of June 2017.
History
Website Pros Inc.
David Brown established Website Pros Inc.'s predecessor, the technology services company Atlantic Teleservices, Inc., in Jacksonville in 1997. Brown served as CEO until 1999, when he sold the company to Website Pros (), via the venture and growth equity investment firm Norwest Venture Partners. Website Pros was founded in 1999 by Darin Brannan. Brown joined the company's board of directors.
The company planned to establish a chain of stores for people to access services to develop and maintain their own websites. The Collapse of the .com market in 2000, required the company to shift from a retail model to an indirect sales model to conserve capital. Brown then oversaw a series of acquisitions, averaging one per year for a decade. The largest of the acquired companies was NetObjects, a Redwood City, California-based software company best known for developing the web design tool NetObjects Fusion. Website Pros purchased the company, including its GoBizGo and NetObjects Matrix assets, in October 2001 for an undisclosed amount.
Website Pros acquired the Spokane-based e-commerce services provider Innuity in 2002, resulting in the merged company's change from an upfront fee structure to monthly subscriptions. The company was growing by 40 percent annually by 2003, and had 260 employees (around 150 in Jacksonville and 110 in Spokane) by the end of the year. Website Pros received $17 million in venture capital, which included $10 million in December 2003 from Insight Venture Partners and $7 million Norwest in April 2004. The Jacksonville Business Journal reported that Website Pros had 40,000 clients, including Discover Business Services and IBM, at the time the company secured funding from Norwest. Brown began preparing Website Pros for an initial public offering in 2004, and the company went public in 2005. Website Pros acquired eBoz and Leads.com, and reported $37.8 million in sales, in 2005. In 2006, Julius Genachowski joined Web.com's board, along with Hugh M. Durden and G. Harry Durity. Website Pros acquired the Canadian company 1ShoppingCart.com, which offers software e-commerce services, for $12.5 million, as well as Renex, an online lead generation provider for contractors and homeowners, in late 2006.
In 2007, Website Pros acquired the Atlanta-based company Web.com, which was founded in 1981 and formerly known as Interland, Inc. Under the agreement, which was valued at $129 million, Website Pros paid $25 million in cash and the rest in stock. Brown continued to serve as chairman and CEO of the merged company, and Jeff Stibel, who was serving as president and CEO of Web.com, became a president and board member of Website Pros. The company remained headquartered in Jacksonville, and the merger resulted in a more than three-fold increase in the number of paid subscribers.
Web.com Group Inc. (2008–present)
Website Pros changed its name to Web.com Group Inc. in early 2008. In June, the company began trading as "WWWW" on NASDAQ; executives commemorated the change by closing the stock exchange at Times Square's NASDAQ MarketSite on June 9. Stibel served as president until 2009. Web.com had nearly one million subscribers and was earning $120 million in revenue by the end of 2010.
In 2012, the company became the title sponsor of the Web.com Tour, a developmental professional golf tour for the U.S.-based PGA Tour, in a deal that extends through 2021. In conjunction with the tour, Web.com hosts "summits", or designated spaces for people to meet company representatives and learn about its offerings; Web.com hosted 27 of these events in 2013. Financial News & Daily Record reported that the company had 500 employees in Jacksonville, plus an additional 1,400 in satellite offices, in October 2012. By 2014, Web.com had 2,000 employees in the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom, and Argentina.
Web.com's customer service center in Drums, Pennsylvania opened in January 2016. The company opened a digital customer service center in New Glasgow's Aberdeen Business Centre, in September 2016. The office became Web.com's third call center in Nova Scotia; the company also has offices in Halifax and Yarmouth. Web.com generated $710.5 million in revenue in 2016, an increase from $543.5 million in 2015.
In March 2017, the International Customer Management Institute named Web.com a finalist in the "Best Large Contact Center" category at its annual Global Contact Center Awards, which recognize "companies and individuals that honor leadership, vision, innovation and strategic accomplishments within the customer service industry." In May 2017, the company relocated 175 employees within Scottsdale, Arizona's SkySong development into the SkySong 4 building. Yodle, which was acquired by Web.com in 2016, had moved into SkySong in 2009. The new SkySong 4 office space will house administrative and sales operations. The company was reportedly approached by private equity firms about a possible buyout in 2017.
Acquisitions and partnerships
In recent years, Web.com has grown via acquisitions. The company acquired Solid Cactus, a provider of e-commerce and other online solutions, in 2009. Web.com acquired Register.com in 2010 for $135 million, resulting in an 80 percent increase in revenue and a four-fold increase in the number of customers. The company's offices in Drums were formerly occupied by Network Solutions, a domain registration company acquired by Web.com in 2011 for $405 million and 18 million stock shares. The acquisition increased Web.com's customer base to 3 million people, the number of domains under its management in 9 million, and the number of employees to nearly 2,000. Web.com executives rang the closing bell at the NASDAQ MarketSite on February 28, 2012, to commemorate the company's acquisition of Network Solutions. Web.com acquired SnapNames, an "expired"{cn} domain name service and marketplace, and has a 50 percent partnership with Rightside in NameJet. The company acquired Scoot.com, the largest online business directory network in the United Kingdom, in July 2014. In 2016, Web.com purchased Rightside's domain name drop list registrar accreditations for $1.3 million, and acquired the New York-based marketing services firm Yodle for more than $300 million. The purchase marked Web.com's largest acquisition by volume to date, with 1,400 employees. In December 2016, the company expanded into Latin America by agreeing to acquire the Argentina-based Donweb.com for $8 million. The deal was completed in February 2017. On November 14, 2019, Web.com closed its acquisition of Dreamscape Networks Limited.
Web.com has partnered with other companies to enhance its offerings to customers. In 2009, Web.com partnered with Chase Paymentech to provide payment processing services, as well as First Data to offer e-commerce, online marketing, and payment processing solutions to businesses. In 2014, MasterCard and Web.com partnered to feature the former's Simplify Commerce solution, which launched in 2013, as a preferred payment provider. According to the National Federation of Independent Business, Sam's Club partnered with Web.com in 2015 to offer online marketing services to small business owners. In February 2017, Domain Name Wire reported that Web.com gave away 375,000 .xyz domains to its customers, as part of an agreement with the top-level domain's registry, which received an advertising credit worth $3 million.
References
Companies based in Jacksonville, Florida
Computer companies of the United States
Internet technology companies of the United States
Software companies of the United States
Internet properties established in 1999
Companies formerly listed on the Nasdaq
Domain name registrars
Web hosting
1999 establishments in Florida
Technology companies based in the Jacksonville area
Technology companies based in Florida
Multinational companies based in Jacksonville
Kanchan Chaudhary Bhattacharya (c. 1947 - 26 August 2019) was the second woman officer in Indian Police Service (IPS) in India, the first being Kiran Bedi. A 1973 batch IPS officer, she was the first woman to become Director General of Police of a state and retired on 31 October 2007 after 33 years of service. She then turned to politics and ran as a candidate of Aam Aadmi Party from Haridwar, Uttarakhand in the 2014 Indian general election.
Early life and education
Chaudhary was born in Himachal and lived in Amritsar and Delhi. She was the first child of Madan Mohan Chaudhary. Chaudhary attended the Government College for Women, Amritsar. Later, Kanchan completed her Master of Arts (MA) in English Literature from Indraprastha College, Delhi University, followed by a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree from the University of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia in 1993.
In an interview in 2014, Kanchan explains that she was inspired to become a police officer after her father was caught up in a property matter and was attacked; at that time police officers were not ready to register a case against the attackers. So when she cleared the Civil Services exams, it was clear to her that she would join the Indian Police Services as a path to serving justice.
Career
Chaudhary's career in the Indian Police Services spanned 33 years. She was the second woman (after Kiran Bedi) to become an IPS officer. In her batch she was the only female trainee. She was the first woman to be an IPS officer in Uttar Pradesh and was the first woman appointed Deputy General Inspector of Police in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh. She was then promoted to be the first woman Inspector General of the Uttar Pradesh Police. She was the first woman to serve as the Additional Director General of Police in Uttaranchal and then was the first woman promoted to be the Director General of Police in the state.
Cases that Chaudhary handled in her career included the murder of seven-time national badminton champion Syed Modi in 1987 and the Reliance-Bombay Dyeing case in 1989. During her time as Assistant Superintendent of Police, Malihabad, Uttar Pradesh, she tracked down 13 dacoits in a single year. She also investigated several white collar crimes in banks and public sectors.
Chaudhary was selected to represent India at the 2004 Interpol meeting in Cancún, Mexico. She hosted the 2nd Women in Police Conference on 27 July 2005 in Mussoorie, where the President of India, APJ Abdul Kalam, was the chief guest. Chaudhary presented on the issues relating to the recruitment, training and continuing of women in police in India at the DGP's Annual Conference and to the Training Heads from across the country on behalf of the Bureau of Police Research and Development.
Chaudhary's other interests included writing poetry and participating in dramatics. She also made a guest appearance on the TV series Udaan, which was inspired by her life story. The series was written and directed by her sister Kavita Chaudhary.
Death
On 26 August 2019, Bhattacharya died at a hospital in Mumbai where she had been receiving care during the previous five to six months. Her body was cremated at the Worli crematorium in Mumbai. She was survived by her husband and two daughters. Uttarakhand Police Director General Law and Order Ashok Kumar paid tribute to Bhattacharya stating, "She was a simple and sweet-natured person who gave us a free hand while we worked under her when she was the DGP." An official tribute event was held at the department's headquarters on August 27.
Awards
President's Medal for Long and Meritorious Services in 1989.
President's Medal for Distinguished Services in 1997.
Rajiv Gandhi Award for Excellent All Round Performance and as an Outstanding Woman Achiever, 2004.
References
1940s births
2019 deaths
Indraprastha College for Women alumni
Indian police officers
Indian police chiefs
Aam Aadmi Party candidates in the 2014 Indian general election
Aam Aadmi Party politicians
Indian women police officers
Women in Himachal Pradesh politics
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
Year of birth missing
The Cupedidae are a small family of beetles, notable for the square pattern of "windows" on their elytra (hard forewings), which give the family their common name of reticulated beetles.
The family consists of about 30 species in 9 genera, with a worldwide distribution. Many more extinct species are known, dating as far back as the Triassic. The family Ommatidae is considered a subfamily of Cupedidae by some authors, but ommatids have been found to more closely related to Micromalthidae in genomic analysis studies.
These beetles tend to be elongated with a parallel-sided body, ranging in length from , with colors brownish, blackish, or gray. The larvae are wood-borers, typically living in fungus-infested wood, and sometimes found in wood construction. The larvae eat the fungus-infested dead wood or tree roots while the adults are believed to subsist on pollen and plant sap.
Males of Priacma serrata (western North America) are notable for being strongly attracted to common household bleach. This suggests that compounds in bleach may resemble attractive compounds found by the beetle in nature.
Taxonomy
Adinolepis Neboiss, 1984 Australia
Ascioplaga Neboiss, 1984 New Caledonia
Cupes Fabricius, 1801 Europe, China Paleogene, North America, Recent
Distocupes Neboiss, 1984, Australia
Paracupes Kolbe, 1898, South America
Priacma LeConte, 1874 Myanmar, Cretaceous, North America, Recent
Prolixocupes Neboiss, 1960 North America, South America
Rhipsideigma Neboiss, 1984 Madagascar, East Africa
Tenomerga Neboiss, 1984 East and Southeast Asia, New Guinea, North America, South Africa
Fossil genera
After Kirejtshuk, Nel & Kirejtshuk, 2016.
†Anaglyphites Ponomarenko 1964 Karabastau Formation, Kazakhstan, Oxfordian, Shar-Teg, Mongolia, Tithonian, Hengshan Formation, China, Aptian, Dzun-Bain Formation, Mongolia, Aptian, Zaza Formation, Russia, Aptian
†"Anaglyphites" pluricavus Soriano and Delclos 2006 La Pedrera de Rúbies Formation, Spain, Barremian
†Apriacma Kirejtshuk et al. 2016 Yixian Formation, China, Aptian
†Asimma Ponomarenko 1966 Madygen Formation, Kyrgyzstan, Late Triassic
†Barbaticupes Jarzembowski et al. 2017 Burmese amber, Myanmar, Cenomanian
†Cainomerga Kirejtshuk et al. 2016 Menat Formation, France, Paleocene
†Cretomerga Kirejtshuk et al. 2016 Yixian Formation, China, Aptian
†Cupopsis Kirejtshuk et al. 2016 New Jersey amber, Turonian
†Cupidium Ponomarenko 1968 Karabastau Formation, Kazakhstan, Oxfordian
†Ensicupes Hong 1976 Dalazi Formation, Guyang Formation, China, Aptian
†Furcicupes Tan and Ren 2006 Yixian Formation, China, Aptian
†Gracilicupes Tan et al. 2006 Daohugou, China, Callovian
†Kirghizocupes Ponomarenko 1966 Madygen Formation, Kyrgyzstan, Late Triassic
†Latocupes Ren and Tan 2006 Yixian Formation, China, Aptian
†Mallecupes Jarzembowski et al. 2017 Burmese amber, Myanmar, Cenomanian
†Menatops Kirejtshuk et al. 2016 Menat Formation, France, Paleocene
†Mesocupes Martynov 1926 Karabastau Formation, Kazakhstan, Oxfordian, Las Hoyas, Spain, Barremian
†Miocupes Ponomarenko 1973 Cypris Formation, Czech Republic, Miocene
†"Platycupes" sogdianus Ponomarenko 1966 Madygen Formation, Kyrgyzstan, Late Triassic
†"Priacma" sanzii Soriano and Delclos 2006 Las Hoyas, Spain, Barremian
†Priacmopsis Ponomarenko 1966 Zaza Formation, Russia, Aptian
†Pterocupes Ponomarenko 1966 Madygen Formation, Kyrgyzstan, Late Triassic
†Taxopsis Kirejtshuk et al. 2016 Baltic amber, Eocene
References
External links
Tree of Life
Beetle families
Croceibacterium is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
References
Sphingomonadales
Bacteria genera
Oberkotzau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Hof (district)
The Skillet Lickers were an old-time band from Georgia, United States.
When Gid Tanner teamed up with blind guitarist Riley Puckett and signed to Columbia in 1924, they created the label's earliest so-called "hillbilly" recording. Gid Tanner formed The Skillet Lickers in 1926. The first line-up was Gid Tanner, Riley Puckett, Clayton McMichen and Fate Norris. Between 1926 and 1931 they recorded 88 sides for Columbia, with 82 of them commercially issued. Later members were Lowe Stokes, Bert Layne, Hoke Rice, Arthur Tanner and Hoyt "Slim" Bryant. Their best-selling single was "Down Yonder", a hillbilly breakdown, in 1934 on RCA Victor. They disbanded in 1931, but reformed for occasional recordings after a couple of years with a changing line-up. "Back Up and Push" was another well-known recording. The Skillet Lickers, together with fellow North Georgians Fiddlin' John Carson and the Georgia Yellow Hammers, made Atlanta and North Georgia an early center of old-time string band music, especially the hard-driving fiddle-based style employed by each of these performers.
Individual members
Clayton McMichen (1900–1970) was the lead fiddler. He was known as "Mac". At the age of 11 he learned to play the fiddle from his uncle and father. Two years later, in 1913, his family moved to Atlanta, Georgia where Mac made his living as an automobile mechanic. In 1918 he formed a band called "The Hometown Boys" consisting of himself and Charles Whitten on fiddles, Boss Hawkins and Mike Whitten on guitars and Ezra "Ted" Hawkins on mandolin. The Hometown Boys made their first radio debut on September 18, 1922. In 1931, he performed with the "Georgia Wildcats" on their first recording session for Columbia Records. He was National Fiddling Champion from 1934 to 1949. Mac made his last recordings in 1945, although he continued to perform until 1955 when he retired. His most notable composition was "Peach Pickin' Time in Georgia", later recorded by Jimmie Rodgers in 1932. By the time the folk revival was under way in the late 1950s, his irritation with being asked to play old-fashioned material was unconcealed. At the Newport Festival he spoke out on stage of his disdain for the Skillet Lickers. However, the recordings he made with that band are the only ones of his in print. In the early 1930s. the band occasionally toured without Gid Tanner, and without Puckett, with McMichen in charge instead. On these occasions Bert Layne would black-up for on stage comedy.
Fate Norris, (Singleton Lafayette Norris) of Dalton, Georgia played the banjo, and harmonica. He lived in Resaca, Georgia. He had previously performed as a one-man band and had made a device with strings and levers which he played with his feet. Together Fate and Gid did blackface comedy. Norris made some recordings under his own name and was only occasionally a member of the band. By 1931 he appears to have disappeared from the line-up, to be replaced by Gid on banjo. He later died on stage in Subligna, Georgia on November 11, 1944.
Lowe Stokes (Marcus Lowell Stokes 1898-1983), who played the fiddle, was born in Elijay, Georgia. A superb fiddler, considered McMichen's equal and one of the finest recorded fiddlers of the time, he won many fiddle championships in the region. Stokes lost his right hand to a shotgun blast in the late 1920s, in the midst of the Skillet Lickers' popularity. He eventually began fiddling again using a prosthetic attachment to hold his bow, and he can be heard playing on some later Skillet Licker records in this manner (for example, on "Broken Down Gambler"). Later, Stokes moved to Chouteau, Oklahoma where he died.
Bert Layne (fiddle), brother-in-law of McMichen, played occasionally. His fiddle had a lower sound than Tanner or McMichen, but the combination of three fiddles marks out the group from almost everyone else at the time. On the group's later records, the three-fiddle lineup was usually composed of McMichen, Layne, and Lowe Stokes, playing tightly in unison or in harmony, while Gid Tanner switched to banjo. Arthur Tanner (brother of Gid) played banjo and guitar.
Riley Puckett recorded solo for Victor and Decca in the 1930s and early 1940s. He also belonged to a trio called Bert Layne and his Mountaineers. After 1931 the group occasionally consisted of Riley Puckett on guitar, Gordon Tanner on fiddle, Edward "Ted" Hawkins on mandolin and record producer Dan Hornsby on vocals. There are recordings by a group called the Arthur Tanner and the Cornshuckers, which may have contained Gid Tanner.
The virtuosity of Puckett tended to pull in a different direction from that of Mac. The band recorded in two long recording sessions per year, from 1926 to 1931. Few members of the group were full-time professional musicians. Clayton McMichen was an auto mechanic. McMichen was a welder. Tanner was a chicken farmer. Riley Puckett toured as a musician with his own tent show. His technical virtuosity marks him out as one of the best guitarists of the 1920s and early 1930s.
Legacy
While many bands are celebrated for their innovations, the Skillet Lickers are celebrated for embracing and popularizing a style of American music rarely heard outside of private performances or get togethers like picnics or in places outside of the South. They were a wellspring of such music and greatly aided in popularizing this type of fiddle driven, rural based music.
They played many instrumentals, ballads, pop songs and comedy sketches, such as "A Corn Licker Still in Georgia". This was a set of 14 sketches with a running gag that people in authority wanted to stamp out illegal stills and after-hours fiddle-playing, but secretly wanted to drink the liquor, and hear the tunes. They even depicted a real-life minister of the church drinking the moonshine in a sketch. The New Lost City Ramblers, a revival old-time group from the early 1960s, were fans of the Skillet Lickers. Tanner's son, Gordon Tanner, went on to lead a group called the Junior Skillet Lickers. Tanner's grandson, Phil, led Skillet Lickers II.
Discography
78s:
As the Skillet Lickers, and as various lineups including many of the same personnel, the band recorded singles on Columbia and affiliated labels, Bluebird, Victor, His Master's Voice (India), Regal (England), Regal Zonophone (Australia), Montgomery Ward, and Vocalion labels. Postwar, at least one 45 rpm reissue single is known on RCA Victor.
Postwar recordings:
Gid Tanner; Gordon Tanner; Phil Tanner's Skillet Lickers : Skillet Licker Music 1955-1991: The Tanner Legacy - Global Village CD-310 (1997)
Reissued material also appears on:
Gid Tanner & the Skillet Lickers : eponymous - RCA Victor EPA-5069 (1958)
Gid Tanner & His Skillet Lickers : eponymous - Folk Song Society of Minnesota 15001-D (1962)
The Skillet Lickers : Vol. 1 - County 506 (196?)
The Skillet Lickers : Vol. 2 - County 526 (1973)
Gid Tanner & His Skillet Lickers : Hear These New Southern Fiddle and Guitar Records - Rounder 1005 (1973)
Gid Tanner & His Skillet Lickers : The Kickapoo Medicine Show - Rounder 1023 (197?)
Gid Tanner & the Skillet Lickers : eponymous - Vetco LP-107 (197?)
The Skillet Lickers : A Day At the Country Fair: Early Country Comedy - Old Homestead OHCS-145 (1985)
Gid Tanner & His Skillet Lickers : Early Classic String Bands Vol. 3 - Old Homestead OHCS-193 (1990)
The Skillet Lickers : Old-Time Fiddle Tunes and Songs from North Georgia / County CD-3509 (1996)
Gid Tanner & His Skillet Lickers : A Corn Licker Still in Georgia - Voyager VRLP-303 (197?), reissued as VRCD-303 (1997)
The Skillet Lickers : Complete Recorded Works In Chronological Order Volume 1: 1926-1927 - Document DOCD-8056 (2000)
The Skillet Lickers : Complete Recorded Works In Chronological Order Volume 2: 1927-1928 - Document DOCD-8057 (2000)
The Skillet Lickers : Complete Recorded Works In Chronological Order Volume 3: 1928-1929 - Document DOCD-8058 (2000)
The Skillet Lickers : Complete Recorded Works In Chronological Order Volume 4: 1929-1930 - Document DOCD-8059 (2000)
The Skillet Lickers : Complete Recorded Works In Chronological Order Volume 5: 1930-1934 - Document DOCD-8060 (2000)
The Skillet Lickers : Complete Recorded Works In Chronological Order Volume 6: 1934 - Document DOCD-8061 (2000)
Gid Tanner And The Skillet Lickers: Old Timey's Favorite Band on 4 CDs - JSP JSPCD 77155 - 2012
Anthologies:
"Can't You Hear Me Callin' Bluegrass: 80 Years of American Music" (2004)
"Good For What Ails You 1926 - 1937" (2006)
"Serenade in the Mountains" (2006)
References
Bibliography
Stars of Country Music, (University of Illinois Press, 1975),
External links
Photo of Fate Norris
Biography of Clayton McMichen
A Corn Licker Still in Georgia
Extensive discography
Musical groups established in 1926
American folk musical groups
Old-time bands
Jacobus Hubertus (Jacques) Verheyen (5 February 1911 – 20 August 1989) was a Dutch glazier and painter.
Life and work
Verheyen, also Verheijen, was educated at the Teekenschool in Roermond as a pupil of Joan Collette and with Jean den Rooijen at the Nijverheidschool. From 1928 he worked in Den Rooijen's studio. In 1935 he established himself as an independent artist in Echt. He was responsible for the design and glass painting, while the technical side of the work was carried out at various studios. In addition to stained glass windows, Verheyen made mosaics and murals, especially religious art for churches and chapels. He made the stained glass windows and the 14 Stations of the Cross in the Chapel of Our Lady in Schilberg. He carried out assignments in the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, France, Ghana, Gabon, Canada, USA and Indonesia.
Gallery
References
1911 births
1989 deaths
Dutch male painters
People from Echt-Susteren
Glaziers
Daniel Kokosiński (born 25 July 1985) is a Polish former football defender.
Club career
Polonia Warsaw
Kokosiński started his career with Wisła Płock II.
In June 2009, he moved to the Ekstraklasa side Polonia Warsaw, for a fee of £102.350 . In his first official match for Polonia, in the UEFA Europa League qualifiers, he scored a goal in the 1–0 victory over Juvenus/Dogana. His debut in the Ekstraklasa was less successful, since Polonia was defeated 4–0 by Korona Kielce.
Private life
He is a brother of Błażej Kokosiński (born 20 December 1983, in Raciąż), a Polish former goalkeeper.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Polish footballers
Polonia Warsaw players
KTS Weszło Warsaw players
People from Płońsk
Sportspeople from Masovian Voivodeship
Association football forwards
Znicz Pruszków players
Kevin Hawkins may refer to:
Kevin Hawkins, character in the film, Almost Summer
Kevin Hawkins, character in Jack & Jill (novel)
The Groninger or Groningen is a Dutch horse breed developed for light draft and agricultural work. It is closely related to heavy warmblood breeds like the East Friesian and Alt-Oldenburger. The breed was nearly lost in the mid-20th century because a significant number of mares were used for crossbreeding to create the Dutch Warmblood, leaving few purebreds.
History
Foundation
The Groninger shares much of its initial foundation with the Friesian, East Friesian and Alt-Oldenburger, and Holsteiner: small native farm horses and medieval destriers were influenced by popular Spanish, Neapolitan, and Arabian horses in the 17th and 18th centuries. Horses like England's Cleveland Bay were also utilized, producing a horse that was tall by the standards of the day, as well as reasonably elegant with deep, wide haunches and a thick, high-set neck.
Although selection procedures had been in use for many years, the first Dutch horse registries weren't founded until the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The North-Netherlands Warmblood Horse Studbook, or NWP, regulated horse breeding in Groningen, Friesland, and Drenthe, while the NSTg did the same for the southern regions, including Gelderland. The goals of the registries were characterized by distinct differences in the soil composition: Groningen had heavy, wet, clay soil and needed a particularly stout horse to till it, while the soil in Gelderland was sandier.
Nevertheless, both studbooks aimed to produce a horse that could perform farm work, retaining as much elegance as possible to make them attractive carriage horses. This goal echoed that of neighboring East Frisia and Oldenburg, regions with which breeding stock were freely exchanged. The NWP also utilized Holsteiners, which were rumored to have been influenced by the horses of Dutch immigrants. In reality, all parts of the region known as Frisia have ties beyond the similarity of their soil and weather.
The result of these exchanges was that at the turn of the century, the Groninger, East Friesian, Oldenburger, and Holsteiner were calm, substantial farm and carriage horses with primarily dark coats.
In the 1920s and 30's, horses were bred to be rather heavier, fulfilling the roles of tractor horse and artillery horse, though the lighter Karossier type was still present in all populations.
Decline
Following the wars, the breeding of heavy agricultural horses collapsed, and the breeders had to adapt. In 1964, the southern studbook opened a "Sportregister" with the aim of producing riding horses, and in 1969 the NWP and southern studbook merged to form the KWPN, the Royal Warmblood Horse Studbook of the Netherlands. There was a studbook for riding horses, a studbook for driving horses, and a studbook for Gelderlanders. All of the Groninger stallions lost their breeding approval, and mare owners were encouraged to breed them to foreign stallions. The breed was sure to disappear.
Preservation
In 1978, the last remaining NWP Groninger stallion, Baldewijn, was saved from the butcher. A small group of interested breeders pooled their genetic resources - 20 mares and Baldewijn - and in 1982 formed a private association. In 1985 this association, called simply "The Groningen Horse", was recognized by Royal Decree and by the European Union 10 years later.
Alt-Oldenburg/East Friesian, Silesian, East-German, and Holsteiner horses of the appropriate type were used to re-establish the Groninger, as well as one Cleveland Bay stallion.
Today there are 25 approved stallions and over 400 mares.
Characteristics
The breed standard calls for a correct horse; heavy, with the legs about half the horse's height, and a rectangular frame, with the body from point-of-shoulder to point-of-buttock about 10% greater than the height of the horse at the withers. The topline is level, muscular neck set on fairly high, and the loins and haunches are broad and powerful. The head is workman-like and the hooves large and sound. Ideal height is between 15.3 and 16.1 hands high at the withers.
In motion, the walk is diligent with a long stride, the trot is brisk and economical with some action, and the canter is of sufficient quality. The canter was not of great importance to the breeders, who did not have need for a heavy galloping horse, and so this gait is not as strong or expressive as the trot.
The horses are known for their even temperaments, though they are seldom spiritless. They are described as "sober" with a tremendous work ethic.
Dark colors predominate: almost 90% are black or some shade of bay. A small percentage are chestnut or grey, and there are strains known for the sabino or tobiano pattern though minimally-marked horses are favored. Photographs and records show that silver dapple coloring was present as well, though it is not known if any examples of this color have survived to modern day.
The Groninger is typically shown in a white bridle without a cavesson, traditionally braided with contrasting white and green ribbons. Fillies are named as the breeder desires, while colts are named patrilineally (e.g. Batavier by Bazalt).
Uses
The Groninger is, above all "a family horse". Their calm nature and low-maintenance constitutions make them ideal horses for leisure. They are quick to mature, sound, long-lived and easy keepers, and do not need to be worked every day to be enjoyed.
Some, including approved stallions, compete in dressage at the Dutch national Z-level (about USDF 4th level) or higher, and some compete in show jumping above 4 feet as well, though this is less common.
They have found their modern niche as combined driving horses, a sport in which many, including the stallion Meinhold, compete internationally.
Medical issues
The greatest concern for the breed is inbreeding. As in other warmblood registries, stallions must undergo a veterinary examination before they are allowed to breed. In consequence, the breed is sound, long-lived, and thrifty.
References
External links
The Groningen Horse Association
dkimages gallery
Video, Groninger horses in a driving class
Videos (flash, under "K"), modern Groninger in motion
Horse breeds originating in the Netherlands
Horse breeds
'''Banica may refer to:
Places
Bulgaria
Banitsa, Vratsa Province, Bulgaria
Dominican Republic
Bánica, Dominican Republic
Greece
Banitsa (ruins), the former village where Gotse Delchev was killed
Symvoli, in the Serres regional unit, Macedonia
Vevi, in Florina regional unit, Macedonia
North Macedonia
Banica, North Macedonia
Philippines
Banica, a district of Roxas City
Banica, a river of the Philippines on Panay Island
Banica, a river of the Philippines on Negros Island flowing through Dumaguete City
Poland
Banica, Gmina Sękowa, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
Banica, Gmina Uście Gorlickie, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
Romania
Banica, the Hungarian name for Bănița Commune, Hunedoara County, Romania
Other uses
Bănică, a Romanian surname
Banitsa, a pastry from the Balkans
Banovac, a Croatian coin used between 1235 and 1384
One hundredth of an Independent State of Croatia kuna from 1941 to 1945
See also
Banitsa (disambiguation)
Banjica (disambiguation)
Mike Harrington is an American programmer and businessman. He is the co-founder of the video game company Valve. After the success of the first Valve product, Half-Life (1998), Harrington left Valve in 2000. In 2006, he co-founded the photo editing service Picnik.
Career
Harrington was a game programmer at Dynamix and a designer on the Windows NT operating system at Microsoft. In 1996, Harrington founded Valve with Gabe Newell, another former Microsoft employee.
Harrington and Newell funded the development of Valve's debut product, Half-Life (1998), which Harrington also helped program. He said: "At Microsoft you always wonder, 'Is it me being successful or is it Microsoft?' But with Half-Life I knew Gabe and I had built that product and company from scratch." On January 15, 2000, Harrington dissolved his partnership with Newell and left Valve to spend time with his wife. According to Newell, Harrington did not want to risk another project after the success of Half-Life.
In 2006, Harrington co-founded the photo editing service Picnik with friend and former colleague Darrin Massena. Picnik was acquired by Google in March 2010. Harrington left Google in March 2011. In January 2012, he co-founded another company with Massena, Catnip Labs. Harrington was the CTO at the Committee for Children from 2016 to 2018. Harrington served as CTO of Amplion from November 2018 until March 2020.
References
External links
Living people
American computer businesspeople
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
American video game programmers
Google employees
Microsoft employees
Valve Corporation people
American technology company founders
Le gri-gri du Niokolo-Koba, written and drawn by Fournier, is the twenty-fifth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the author's fifth, following the retirement from Spirou magazine of André Franquin. The story was initially serialised in Spirou, before it was released as a hardcover album in 1974.
Story
In The Gri-Gri of Niokolo-Koba, a native of Senegal throws himself in the taxi of Spirou and Fantasio in their asking to carry the contents of a bag that it leaves them in Mansa Moussa, in Niokolo-Koba, before disappearing in a dazzling flash. The two heroes leave then for Africa, and are joined by strong Sété Bagaré, which binds friendship with them. Once in Senegal, they learn that Mansa Moussa also disappeared, and that what they transport in the bag is not other than the grigri of the individual.
Arrived at the park, they are informed of the disappearance of most of the animals of the reserve. Ororéa, which inquired in the reserve, occurs then with the photographic proof that the animals disappeared under the effect of diamond of Koli, also responsible for the evaporation of the individual met in Europe, which is not other than the nephew of Mansa Moussa. After some adventures, they end up finding the gangsters. The diamond of Koli is replaced in its sheath and all those that disappeared return, just like the animals. Mansa Moussa privately explains to Spirou that the grigri contained the plans of a diamantiferous vein under the park that the gangsters coveted. Those having disappeared following an imprudence with diamonds of Koli, alone Mansa Foamed and Spirou know the truth from now on.
References
Fournier publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1974 books
1974 in comics
Comics set in Africa
Senegal in fiction
Chia-Shun Yih (; July 25, 1918 – April 25, 1997) was the Stephen P. Timoshenko Distinguished University Professor Emeritus at the University of Michigan. He made many significant contributions to fluid mechanics. Yih was also a seal artist.
Biography
Yih was born on July 25, 1918 in Guiyang, Guizhou province of China. Yih received his junior middle school education in Zhenjiang, and entered Suzhou High School in 1934 in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province.
In 1937 Yih entered the National Central University (After 1949 named Nanjing University in Jiangsu of P.R.China; after 1952, its engineering faculty formed the Southeast University also in Nanjing) and studied civil engineering. Yih graduated in 1941 then did research at a hydrodynamics laboratory in Guanxian (or Guan County; 灌县; current Dujiangyan) of Sichuan province. Yih also worked in a bridge construction company in Guizhou. Later, Yih taught at Guizhou University.
In 1945 Yih went to study at the University of Iowa in the United States, where he obtained his PhD in 1948. Yih served as a professor of the University of Michigan for most of his academic career.
Yih is also well known for his high language talent, which appeared already when he was just a high school student. In his first classes in high school, he could talk fluently with his American English teacher. Yih mastered German soon after he joined the college, and was able to communicate smoothly with the local German missionaries in Chongqing. Later Yih again learned French, and lectured mechanics in French at the University of Paris and the University of Grenoble.
He died on April 25, 1997 of heart failure, in his sleep, while in an airplane over Japan.
Honors and awards
Theodore von Kármán Medal, 1981
Fluid Dynamics Prize, from the American Physical Society, 1985
Otto Laporte Award, 1989
Yih was a Member of the National Academy of Engineering, and an Academician of the Academia Sinica.
Books
C.-S. Yih, Fluid Mechanics: A Concise Introduction to Theory, West River Press, Ann Arbor (1979).
C.-S. Yih, Stratified Flows, 2nd ed., Academic Press (1980).
C.-S. Yih, Fluid Mechanics, West River Press, Ann Arbor (1988).
C.-S. Yih (Ed.), Advances in Applied Mechanics, Academic Press (1982).
References
Fluid dynamicists
1918 births
1997 deaths
Chinese emigrants to the United States
People from Guiyang
20th-century American engineers
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
University of Iowa alumni
National Central University alumni
Nanjing University alumni
University of Michigan faculty
Members of Academia Sinica
Artists from Guizhou
Educators from Guizhou
Chinese seal artists
Physicists from Guizhou
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Norwegian Design Council () was a Norwegian state-controlled foundation that encouraged good design of Norwegian products as a key to improved innovation and the products international reputation and sales.
Among the activities of the Norwegian Design Council were awarding the Merket for God Design and Design Effekt awards. It also cooperated closely with Innovation Norway concerning new ventures. The council worked as a competence centre and was funded by the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry, through consulting and through other projects.
The Norwegian Design Council was founded in 1963 by the Norwegian Export Council and the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. In 2014, the Norwegian Design and Architecture Centre (Norsk design- og arkitektursenter) was established as a fusion of the Norwegian Design Council with the Norwegian Form (Norsk Form), a national institution working in the fields of design, architecture, and urban development. The combined entity is housed in two renovated industrial buildings by the Aker River on Hausmanns gate in Oslo.
See also
Scandinavian design
References
External links
Norwegian Centre for Design and Architecture. website
Government agencies of Norway
Foundations based in Norway
Design institutions
Norwegian design
1963 establishments in Norway
Arts organizations established in 1963
Vigo County ( is a county on the western border of the U.S. state of Indiana. According to the 2020 United States Census, it had a population of 105,994 . Its county seat is Terre Haute.
Vigo County is included in the Terre Haute metropolitan area.
The county contains four incorporated settlements with a total population of nearly 63,000, as well as several unincorporated communities. It is divided into twelve townships which provide local services to the residents.
The county is one of the best bellwether regions for voting in U.S. presidential elections; it voted for the winning candidate in every election from 1956 to 2016 and in all but three elections since 1888. Until the streak ended in 2020, only one county in the United States, Valencia County, New Mexico, had voted for the winning candidate longer.
History
In 1787, the fledgling United States defined the Northwest Territory, which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the territory's first governor, and Vincennes was established as the territorial capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography. By December 1816 the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state.
Starting in 1794, Native American titles to Indiana lands were extinguished by usurpation, purchase, or war and treaty. The United States acquired land from the Native Americans in the 1809 treaty of Fort Wayne, and by the treaty of St. Mary's in 1818 considerably more territory became property of the government. These two treaties resolved the occupation issue for the future Vigo County. Whites had been living in the area since 1811, when General Harrison erected a fort north of present-day Terre Haute. After the Indian skirmishes were resolved, settlers arrived in significant numbers beginning 1815.
The area in present-day Vigo County was first placed under local jurisdiction in 1790, when Knox County was created. This all-encompassing county was repeatedly subdivided as its lands were occupied − on 30 December 1816 a portion was partitioned to create Sullivan County, and on 21 January 1818 the northern portion of Sullivan was partitioned off to create Vigo County. The first county commissioners organized the government in 1818, including naming Terre Haute as its seat. The county's borders changed several times; in 1821, part of the county was formed into Parke County, and later that year Putnam County was formed which also affected Vigo's borders. The final change came in 1873 when the present boundaries were defined. The county is named for Colonel Francis Vigo, of Italian heritage but a citizen of Spain due to residence in St. Louis. He is credited with assisting George Rogers Clark, both in financing Clark's exploration and American Revolutionary War efforts, and in service as an agent obtaining military information for Clark against British campaigns on the then frontier.
Geography
To the north of Vigo County, the Wabash River defines the boundary between Vermillion and Parke counties; the river then enters Vigo County and winds to the south-southwest, defining the southern portion of the county's western border with Illinois before continuing south along Sullivan County's western border. Vigo County is thus the southernmost county in Indiana on the right bank of the Wabash. The county's low hills are devoted to agriculture or urban development; only the drainages and river-adjacent areas are still wooded. Its highest point (680 feet/207 meters ASL) is Sanford Hill, one mile (1.6 km) west of Paint Mill Lake, south of Terre Haute.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 98.26%) is land and (or 1.74%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Vermillion County - north
Parke County - northeast
Clay County - east
Sullivan County - south
Clark County, Illinois - southwest
Edgar County, Illinois - northwest
Cities
Terre Haute (county seat)
Towns
West Terre Haute
Seelyville
Riley (or Lockport)
Census-designated places
Dresser (or Taylorville)
Fontanet
New Goshen
North Terre Haute
Shepardsville
Tecumseh
Toad Hop
Unincorporated communities
Allendale
Atherton
Barnhart Town
Blackhawk
Brown Jug Corner
Burnett
Cherryvale
Coal Bluff
Cobb
Dewey
Duane Yards
East Glenn
Ehrmandale
Ferguson Hill
Glenn Ayr
Gospel Grove
Grange Corner
Harrison
Hickory Island
Hutton
Keller
Larimer Hill
Lewis
Libertyville
Liggett
Marion Heights
Markles
Otter Creek Junction
Parkview
Pimento
Pine Ridge
Prairie Creek
Prairieton
Preston
St. Mary-of-the-Woods
Sandcut
Sandford
Shirkieville
Southwood
Spelterville
Spring Hill
State Line
Swalls
Tabertown
Taylorville
Terre Town
Twelve Points
Vigo
West New Goshen
Whitcomb Heights
Woodgate
Youngstown
Townships
The year after it was authorized, Vigo County was divided into four townships: Honey Creek Wabash, Harrison, and Independence. Prairie Creek Township was formed later that year. Otter Creek, Raccoon, and Sugar Creek townships were created in 1820, and Independence Township was renamed as Paris Township. Raccoon and Wabash townships became part of Parke County when it was partitioned from Vigo County in 1821. Nevins and Riley townships were formed in 1822. In 1824, Paris Township was renamed again to Fayette Township. Pierson Township was created in 1829; Lost Creek in 1831; Linton in 1841; and Prairieton Township in 1857.
Fayette Township
Harrison Township
Honey Creek Township
Linton Township
Lost Creek Township
Nevins Township
Otter Creek Township
Pierson Township
Prairie Creek Township
Prairieton Township
Riley Township
Sugar Creek Township
Highways
Interstate 70 passes through the southern part of Terre Haute from east to west on its way from Indianapolis to Saint Louis, Missouri; U.S. Route 40 roughly parallels Interstate 70 and passes through the middle of the city. Both highways intersect U.S. Route 41, coming from Chicago to the north; U.S. Route 150 enters from Paris, Illinois to the northwest and joins U.S Route 41 in downtown Terre Haute, and both continue south toward Vincennes and Evansville.
State Road 42
State Road 46
State Road 63
State Road 159
State Road 246
State Road 340
State Road 641
Rail
Several CSX Transportation railroad lines meet in Terre Haute; one enters from the north, another from the Indianapolis area, and another from Vincennes; and two others enter from Illinois. An Indiana Rail Road line runs southeast from Terre Haute toward Bedford.
Airports
The following public-use airports are located in the county:
Terre Haute Regional Airport (HUF) in Terre Haute
Sky King Airport (3I3) in North Terre Haute
Education
The public schools in the county are part of the Vigo County School Corporation. During the 2009–10 school year, the schools served a total of 16,014 students.
Vigo County is served by the Vigo County Public Library.
Colleges in Vigo County include Indiana State University and Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. For a fuller list, see the List of schools in metropolitan Terre Haute.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Terre Haute have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1977 and a record high of was recorded in September 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code. The county council is the fiscal body of the county government and controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives, elected to four-year terms from county districts, are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
A board of commissioners is the executive and legislative body of the county. Commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute the acts of the county council, and manage the county government.
The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Politics
The county has been regarded as one of the best bellwether regions in U.S. presidential elections. Between 1888 and 2016, it voted for the winning candidate in every election in all but two instances: 1908 and 1952. In 2020, its bellwether status came to an inglorious end when winner Joe Biden lost the county by nearly 15 points to Donald Trump.
The results in the county have often mirrored the nationwide popular vote. In every presidential election from 1960 to 2012, the county voted less than five percentage points from the national result. This changed in 2016, when the county voted 17 percentage points more Republican than the nation as a whole—a trend which persisted in 2020, when it voted 19 percentage points more Republican. In 2020 Donald Trump received 56.3 percent of the vote which was the best result for a Republican since Ronald Reagan in 1984 who received 58.4 percent of the vote.
In statewide races for governor and the U.S. Senate, Vigo County has in recent years become more receptive to candidates from the Democratic Party, even when the county had simultaneously voted for a Republican presidential victor in question. The county has gone Democratic in 9 of the last 10 gubernatorial races since 1980, and in 8 of the last 13 Senate races since that timeframe also.
Vigo is part of Indiana's 8th congressional district, which is held by Republican Larry Bucshon.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 107,848 people, 41,361 households, and 25,607 families in the county. The population density was . There were 46,006 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.3% white, 6.9% black or African American, 1.7% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.6% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 22.6% were German, 20.2% were American, 12.2% were Irish, and 10.3% were English.
Of the 41,361 households, 30.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.9% were married couples living together, 13.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 38.1% were non-families, and 30.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.95. The median age was 36.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $50,413. Males had a median income of $42,014 versus $30,217 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,398. About 13.3% of families and 19.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.5% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.
See also
List of public art in Vigo County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Vigo County, Indiana
Vigo County Courthouse
References
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Vigo County official website
Vigo County Public Library
Indiana counties
1818 establishments in Indiana
States and territories established in 1818
Terre Haute metropolitan area
Madison Avenue Hospital was a 121-bed Manhattan hospital that opened in 1950 and closed in 1976. In 1971, it was described as "a profit-making institution where abortions are performed on a large scale."
One unresolved problem with the hospital's building, noted in 1969, was that at the "16-story structure at 30 East 76th Street built in 1928, there is only one exit." The building has been converted to luxury apartments.
History
Madison opened in 1950 when Dr. Imre Weitzner "headed a syndicate that bought the proprietary hospital, then called Gotham Hospital" which was renamed Madison Avenue Hospital. By 1971, his son "Dr. Howard B. Weitzner, chief of gynecology at Madison Avenue Hospital" had opened an abortion referral service, the subject of "questioning by a legislative committee." There were other hearings regarding funding in 1974.
Loss of funding
Madison was the third of a series of hospitals closed in the mid-1970s for "life-threatening fire and health violations". Linden General Hospital and Wadsworth Hospital were the prior pair. Initially, the lost certification, then they lost funding. As a result, it was "economically unfeasible for the hospital to stay in business."
Gotham Hospital
Gotham Hospital was planned as "a hospital for people with average incomes" with doctors "who at present are without hospital affiliations;" it later became Madison Avenue Hospital. When Gotham opened their 30 East 76th Street 16-story 121-bed hospital on November 7, 1929, affordable care was still their focus. A group of doctors bought Gotham in 1950 and renamed it Madison Avenue Hospital.
References
Defunct hospitals in Manhattan
Frederick Villiers Clarendon (c.1820 – 17 October 1904) was an Irish Architect noted for his design work on a number of large public buildings in Dublin, including the Natural History Museum and Arbour Hill Prison.
Life
Frederick Clarendon was born in Dublin around 1820 and received a Bachelor of Arts at Dublin University in 1839. Directly after graduation he was employed by the Office of Public Works, where he would remain until his retirement in 1887. Clarendon died in Mountjoy Square, Dublin in 1904.
Works
Clarendon's earliest major works focussed on Dublin's prison system. Arbour Hill Prison was redesigned in 1845 by Sir. Joshua Jebb with Clarendon acting as executive architect, and Clarendon was also co-designer of the "Criminal Lunatic Asylum" in Dundrum two years later. Clarendon oversaw the renovation and extension of the Royal Irish Academy's premises on Dawson Street between 1852 and 1854, as their existing Grafton Street location had become overcrowded.
Clarendon's most remembered work is Ireland's Natural History Museum on Merrion Street adjacent to Leinster House, known as the "Dead Zoo". The Royal Dublin Society had been obliged to use a public architect in order to obtain treasury funding, and the building was taken over by the State in 1877. Today the Museum forms part of the National Museum of Ireland. Clarendon provided his services free of charge to design the Mariners Hall, Howth in 1867. This then served as a Presbyterian Meeting House for over thirty years, services being conducted through the medium of Scottish Gaelic, the language of the immigrant seasonal fishermen of the village.
See also
Architecture of Ireland
References
Irish architects
1820 births
1904 deaths
Miss Earth Germany is a national Beauty pageant in Germany to select an official candidate for the Miss Earth pageant.
Titleholders
Color key
Miss Earth Germany Casting 2002-2009
See also
Miss Earth
Miss Earth Austria
References
Official website
Miss Earth Germany
Beauty pageants in Germany
Recurring events established in 2010
2010 establishments in Germany
Germany
German awards
Hans Deutsch (17 April 1906 – 13 May 2002) was an Austrian Jewish refugee, lawyer and publisher who played a key role in Holocaust reparations and art restitution cases in postwar Germany, and was the target of a judicial scandal known as the Deutsch Affair.
Life
Born into a Jewish family in Vienna, Austria, in 1906, Deutsch managed to flee abroad after Anschluss with Hitler's Third Reich in 1938, however his parents were murdered in Auschwitz. Deutsch ended up in Palestine, where he worked as a lawyer. He did not return to Vienna until 15 years later. In Austria and Germany, he represented the interests of mostly Jewish victims of the Nazi dictatorship as a successful reparations lawyer and demanded, among other things, the return of Nazi looted art objects. His most famous case involved the Austrian branch of the Rothschild family, for which he received a large fee. According to the German news magazine Der Spiegel, Deutsch was "the most committed and successful champion of hope, entitlement and demand on the front line of compensation for victims of National Socialist persecution".
He also ran the Hans-Deutsch-Verlag, a renowned literary publisher which published authors such as Dino Buzzatti, Jean Cocteau et John Dos Passos.
Deutsch collected art in the post-war period. In 1964 he and his son Joram founded the "Fondation Deutsch" art foundation and built a private museum "Musée Fondation Deutsch" at his residence in Belmont-sur-Lausanne. It is now closed.
The Deutsch Affair
Deutsch's career as a leading lawyer representing claimants in post-war Germany was destroyed by the German authorities who arrested him on bogus charges in what is known as the Deutsch Affair.
On 3 November 1964 Deutsch, the leading restitution lawyer in Germany, was arrested. The German Federal Office of Criminal Investigation accused him of having forged evidence in the case of the compensation claim of the Hungarian art collector Ferenc von Hatvany. Deutsch's arrest caused intense concern on the part of Holocaust experts and advocates of victims of Nazi persecution in Austria, Switzerland, France, Germany and Israel. Deutsch was well known for his role in obtaining compensation for victims of Nazi persecution in Germany and Austria, and had recently obtained a multimillion mark settlement for his clients from the Germany government and was expected at a negotiation to increase the limit on restitution payments to Jewish victims who had been looted by the Nazis. The nature of the charges and the manner in which they had been filed were criticized as "unusual" in numerous newspapers including Le Monde in France Deutsch spent 18 months in jail and had his property confiscated and career destroyed. After nine years of legal battle, the proceedings ended with an acquittal for Deutsch and numerous questions about the false testimonies against him and scandalous conduct of the German police and justice system.
Shaken by the experience, Deutsch struggled for rehabilitation until the end of his life, dying in Lausanne, Switzerland.
The Nazi ties of the accusers
The police claimed that the Hatvany paintings had not been looted by Nazis, as Deutsch asserted, but by Soviet troops. It was later proven that Deutsch's accusers were the former SS-Untersturmführer and later President of the Federal Criminal Police Office (1965–1971) Paul Dickopf, Ernst Féaux de la Croix from the Federal Ministry of Finance (before 1945 Reich Ministry of Justice) and the Federal Minister of Finance Rolf Dahlgrün, a former Nazi. The witnesses against Deutsch also came from Nazi and SS circles and had a financial interest in the case. In 1971 the German newspaper Die Zeit published a long article about the miscarriage of justice, calling it a "German Dreyfus Affair".
Historical question concerning the artworks: Nazi looters or Soviet looters?
The police claimed that the Hatvany paintings had not been looted by Nazis, as Deutsch asserted, but by Soviet troops. The question of who had looted the artworks - whether Nazis or Soviet's - was an extremely important one because restitution claims were possible for Nazi looted art but not for Soviet looted art. It has remained a recurrent high stakes issue in looted art claims.
In 1991, a discovery of artworks looted by Russian forces from Berlin at the end of the Second World War shed light on the history of the Hatvany paintings, as documentation proved that the paintings had been looted twice, first by the Nazis in WWII from Budapest, and then later, from Berlin, by the Soviet army in 1945. The Russians moved the paintings to Gorky which, after perestroika, became Nizhni Novgorod.
The documents proved that the bulk of the Hatvany Collection was looted on the orders of Adolf Eichmann, who was in Hungary in 1944.
In 1995, when some pictures from the Hatvany Collection were exhibited in the Looted Art Exhibition in the Moscow Pushkin Museum. In 2003 El Greco's "Mount Sinai" reappeared in New York and was sold with a false provenance at Sotheby's in Greece triggering a renewed discussion about whether Deutsch had been deliberately denounced by former SS members and their heirs, who are in possession of the stolen pictures.
Acquittal and aftermath
Despite his acquittal, Deutsch's career had been ruined by the false accusations. Hans Deutsch's son, Joram Deutsch, filed a lawsuit against the German state in the USA. In 2005 the case became the subject of a documentary entitled Deutschland Gegen Deutsch by Michael Juncker.
Literature
Die Affäre Deutsch: Braune Netzwerke hinter dem größten Raubkunst-Skandal,
Kurt Emmenegger: Der Fall Deutsch: Tatsachen zu einem Justizskandal, 1789 Editions, New Haven (Connecticut); Zürich 1970
Anja Heuß: Verstreut nach West und Ost – Die drei Geschichten der Hatvany-Sammlung. In der Zeitschrift Osteuropa 1–2/2006 mit dem Titel Kunst im Konflikt- Kriegsfolgen und Kooperationsfelder in Europa. S. 85–110.
Jürgen Lillteicher, Raub, Recht und Restitution. Die Rückerstattung jüdischen Eigentums in der frühen Bundesrepublik. Göttingen 2007, , Hier Abschnitt: Betrug und Korruption in der Rückerstattung – Der Fall Hatvany. S. 453–460.
Burkhart List: Die Affäre Deutsch. Braune Netzwerke hinter dem größten Raubkunst-Skandal. Berlin 2018,
Documentary film
"Deutschland gegen Deutsch" by Michael Juncker (2005)
External links
Literatur von und über Hans Deutsch im Katalog der Deutschen Nationalbibliothek
Burkhart List: "Schöne Kunst und übler Bilderklau," Süddeutsche Zeitung, 2. November 2004, auf der Homepage des Autors
Burkhart List: "Der Fall Deutsch. Wiedergutmachung in eigener Sache blieb dem Rechtsanwalt versagt", Illustrierte Neue Welt, 12/1 2002/2003
Uta Baier: "Die Spur der Bilder," Die Welt, 27. Mai 2005
Gerhard Mauz: "Ich glaube, ich war da nicht sehr kleinlich," Der Spiegel, 30. Oktober 1972, über den Strafprozeß gegen Hans Deutsch
Wolfgang Hoffmann: "Ein deutscher Fall Dreyfus? Wie aus einem Wiedergutmachungs-Skandal ein Justiz-Skandal zu werden droht", Die Zeit 28/1971
Peter Stähle: "Der Fall Hans Deutsch", Die Zeit 34/1965
References
20th-century Austrian lawyers
Austrian refugees
1906 births
2002 deaths
Nazi-looted art
Art and cultural repatriation after World War II
Austrian emigrants to Switzerland
The following lists events that have happened in 1930 in Iran.
Incumbents
Shah: Reza Shah
Prime Minister: Mehdi Qoli Hedayat
Events
May 7 – The 7.1 Salmas earthquake shakes northwestern Iran and southeastern Turkey with a maximum Mercalli intensity of IX (Violent). Up to three-thousand people were killed.
Deaths
February 21 – Ahmad Shah Qajar The last king of Qajar dynasty died in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France.
References
1930s in Iran
Years of the 20th century in Iran
Persia
Persia
Sir Arthur Frederick Hurst, aka Arthur Frederick Hertz FRCP (23 July 1879 – 17 August 1944) was a British physician, and a cofounder of the British Society of Gastroenterology. The society's annual lecture is named for him.
Biography
Aurthur Frederick Hertz was born in Bradford to Fanny Mary and William Martin Hertz, a merchant of German Jewish descent. Hertz changed the spelling of his surname to Hurst in 1916. He attended Bradford Grammar School and Manchester Grammar School before graduating from Magdalen College, Oxford in 1904. He joined the staff of Guy's Hospital in 1906 and ran his own private practice before serving in World War I as a consulting physician stationed in Salonika. From 1916 to 1918, Hurst led the neurology department at Netley Hospital. Seale-Hayne College was repurposed as a military hospital that same year. Hurst moved there to help with treatment of shell shock, working at Netley until 1919. After the war, Hurst relocated his private practice to Windsor and retired in 1939. Upon his retirement, Hurst became a consulting physician and served on Guy's Hospital board of governors. Hurst was knighted in 1937 six years after his older brother Gerald Berkeley Hurst. He died in Birmingham in 1944, aged 65.
Hurst was married to New Zealander Cushla Harriette Riddiford from 2 October 1912 to his death on 17 August 1944. They had three children, a son and two daughters.
References
1879 births
1944 deaths
Medical doctors from Bradford
20th-century English medical doctors
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
British Army personnel of World War I
People educated at Bradford Grammar School
People educated at Manchester Grammar School
English people of German-Jewish descent
The 1989–90 Dallas Sidekicks season was the sixth season of the Dallas Sidekicks indoor soccer club. The season saw the team win their first division title in franchise history and make the playoffs for the fifth consecutive year. Not only was the team the best in the Western Division, it was the only team above .500. However, they were shockingly upset in the Division Finals by the eventual champion San Diego Sockers, the second consecutive year they eliminated the Sidekicks. On January 25, the team hosted the “Australian Select,” Australia's best players in indoor soccer. The Sidekicks defeated them 7–3. The team's 31 regular season wins were the most in a single season in franchise history.
Roster
Schedule & Results
Preseason
Regular season
Postseason
Final standings
y – division champions, x – clinched playoff berth
External links
1989–90 Dallas Sidekicks season statistics at Kicks Fan fansite
Dallas Sidekicks (1984–2004) seasons
Dallas Sidekicks
Dallas Sidekicks
Route 47 is a highway in eastern Missouri. Its northern terminus is at Route 79 near Winfield; its southern terminus is at U.S. Route 67 in Bonne Terre.
Route description
The highway begins at Route 79 in Winfield, MO, where it travels due west towards Troy and Hawk Point, where it turns south and meets Interstate 70 in Warrenton.
After Warrenton, the highway continues south to Marthasville, where it intersects with Route 94. The two highways share a concurrency through the Missouri River bottomlands for approximately 4 miles to near Dutzow. The highway still continues south across the Missouri River into Washington, where it intersects Route 100.
From Washington, Route 47 goes down to Union, where it meets up with US Route 50. Route 47 runs concurrent with U.S. 50 very shortly before returning south towards St. Clair.
At St. Clair, Route 47 meets Interstate 44, before joining up with Route 30. The highway now runs east with that route for about 8 miles, until returning south. This stretch of highway is very rural, narrow, and windy. It joins up with Route 21 for a short concurrency, before heading east towards Bonne Terre at its terminus with U.S. Route 67.
History
Route 47 is one of the original 1922 state highways. Its original northern terminus was at Troy, its southern terminus was at Villa Ridge. The section between Washington and Villa Ridge becoming part of Route 100.
Major intersections
References
047
Transportation in St. Francois County, Missouri
Transportation in Washington County, Missouri
Transportation in Franklin County, Missouri
Transportation in Warren County, Missouri
Transportation in Lincoln County, Missouri
Life, Scars, Apologies is the second full-length studio album by alternative metal band Since October. The album was released on June 8, 2010, through Tooth & Nail Records, their second for the label.
Track listing
Members
Ben Graham – lead vocals
Luke Graham – guitar, backing vocals
Josh Johnson – bass guitar, backing vocals
Audie Grantham – drums, screaming vocals
References
2010 albums
Since October albums
Tooth & Nail Records albums
The Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association Award for Best Documentary is an annual award given by the Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association.
Winners and nominees
2000s
2010s
2020s
References
See also
Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature
Documentary, Best
American documentary film awards
Kenneth Jason Kerr is a Northern Irish loyalist activist. He was a leading figure within the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) and its political wing, the Ulster Loyalist Democratic Party. He was also central to a series of allegations regarding collusion between the British security forces and loyalist paramilitaries.
Ulster Defence Association
In his youth Kerr served in the British Army before joining the UDA. He served as Brigadier of the UDA's "Londonderry and North Antrim Brigade", and as such was a member of the movement's Inner Council. In this role he succeeded Andy Robinson, who fled his position in 1986. Like South Belfast brigadier John McMichael, Kerr also became involved in the UDA's political arm, the Ulster Loyalist Democratic Party, and following the killing of McMichael in 1987, Kerr served for a time as chairman of the party. This role was soon filled on a more permanent basis by Ray Smallwoods.
Ulster Democratic Party
In 1989, the Ulster Loyalist Democratic Party contested the local elections and, despite a very low-key campaign, Kerr was elected as their sole representative in Northern Ireland. He was elected to Derry City Council, representing the loyalist Waterside area. He lost the seat at the 1993 election. Kerr's win was however something of aberration as the success of the Ulster Democratic Party (UDP), as they became known in 1989, was otherwise limited to Belfast and its satellite towns of Lisburn and Newtownabbey.
In early 1992, Kerr was attacked by the Provisional IRA (IRA) although he escaped serious injury. In response, Kerr accused local Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) activist David Nicholl of conspiring with the republicans to have him killed after Nicholl had published information linking the UDP to the UDA. The link between the two groups would later be publicly acknowledged by the UDP. Later that same year, Kerr was profiled in an episode of the ITV current affairs programme This Week. During the programme Kerr stated that he was no longer a member of the UDA but remained a loyalist before denouncing the IRA as the "scum of the earth" and calling on the British government to seek them out and destroy them.
In 1993, Kerr travelled with UDP chairman Ray Smallwoods to South Africa where they held a meeting with representatives of the Inkatha Freedom Party. Kerr was close to Smallwoods and when the latter was killed in 1994, Kerr reacted angrily, stating "if I called for no retaliation, as sure as night turns to day, there is somebody who is going to retaliate and no matter what I say nothing will change that".
Ulster Independence Movement
Kerr subsequently left the UDP and joined the Ulster nationalist Ulster Independence Movement. He was on their candidate list for the 1996 elections to the Northern Ireland Forum, and also stood in Foyle, but he was not elected to the body (nor indeed were any members of the party).
The Committee
According to Sean McPhilemy a series of loyalist killings carried out largely by Ulster Volunteer Force members Robin Jackson and Billy Wright and their underlings in the UVF Mid-Ulster Brigade were ordered by the Ulster Loyalist Central Co-ordinating Committee, a group he says was made up of a number of leading figures from Northern Irish society and public life. Kerr was, according to McPhilemy, a self declared member of this body although McPhilemy would later dismiss much of what Kerr said about his time on the committee as lies.
Kerr and McPhilemy met in April 1996 at the Waterfoot Hotel in Kerr's native Derry, where Kerr admitted his membership of the committee, although a follow-up meeting was abandoned after Kerr stated that a Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) spy was present in the bar. Kerr and his wife then spent a weekend with McPhilemy in Maidstone in August 1996. Kerr told McPhilemy that he had been a paid informer for British Military Intelligence for a number of years and that they had supplied a number of the names to be killed, with Kerr presenting them to the Committee at the behest of his paymasters. Kerr named fifteen Catholics murdered between 1989 and 1991, all of whom he claimed had been killed on the committee's orders. He also gave the names of around thirty supposed Committee members, all unknown to McPhilemy, and including twelve senior RUC officers. Kerr initially suggested that he was volunteering the information as he wanted out of his role as an informant but at a later date claimed to be dying of colon cancer and wanted to unburden himself before death.
In May 1997 Tim Laxton, acting on behalf of McPhilemy, paid Kerr £5000 for a cassette tape that the UDA Brigadier claimed contained a recording of a meeting of the Committee in 1989. The tape, which was of poor quality and supposedly in code (a translation of which Kerr provided), was said by Kerr to contain the voices of RUC Assistant Chief Constable Trevor Forbes, "Chief Inspector Ezzard Boyd" and two unnamed businessmen discussing plans to murder Pat Finucane. Uncertain of the veracity of the tape, McPhilemy began to doubt it when he realised that the name and nickname given by Kerr for one of the businessmen were the same as those of a Northern Ireland footballer whilst after watching videos of Forbes speaking he realised that his voice resembled none of those on the tape. It subsequently came to light that Ezzard Boyd had in fact been a loyalist who served a prison sentence in the late 1980s rather than a leading RUC officer and as such McPhilemy discarded the tape as a clear hoax. McPhilemy would eventually claim that the tape had been a deliberate attempt to wreck the credibility of his book as, had he included it as genuine evidence, Kerr would have brought out the real, uniquely named, Ezzard Boyd and thus made the claims in the book look like an entire fraud. McPhilemy also rejected Kerr's claims to be a British agent and concluded that he in fact been "the brains behind the paramilitary side of the Committee's assassination campaign".
David and Albert Prentice subsequently sued McPhilemy, his publisher Roberts Rinehart and his TV production company Box Production for $100 million over his claims that they were involved in the committee. McPhilemy settled out of court for $1 million and released a statement acknowledging that the Prentices had no involvement in loyalist activity. In a separate case however McPhilemy was awarded £145,000 in damages against The Sunday Times after they claimed that The Committee was a hoax.
References
Year of birth missing
Possibly living people
British Army soldiers
Councillors in Derry (city)
Leaders of political parties in Northern Ireland
Ulster Defence Association members
Ulster Democratic Party politicians
Ulster Independence Movement politicians
South Bay Plaza is a shopping center at the corner Highland and Plaza Blvds. in National City, California, opened in 1954, the first mall in South Bay, San Diego. Anchored by Price Breakers Indoor Baazar, Chuck E. Cheese, Rent-A-Center and is the second in San Diego metropolitan area after the smaller Linda Vista Shopping Center (opened 1943, demolished 1972).
The first store to open was Mayfair Market, followed by J. C. Penney, W. T. Grant, Woolworth's and 40 other stores. In the 1970s South Bay Plaza was ravaged by a fire and multiple stores were destroyed. Then after that in the 80s Plaza Bonita had been built and attracted many Businesses like Penney's causing business to slow down.
At its opening, the center attracted national attention, as it was considered a new and innovative format at the time. Today the center continues to operate; the former J.C. Penney anchor space is now used as the Price Breakers Indoor Bazaar, a collection of small vendors or an indoor swapmeet.
The center also had been divided into two, everything after the Royal Mandarin restaurant is considered South Bay Plaza East with Which still is there today. Smart & Final and O'Reilly Auto Parts Google Street ws January 2, Which includes more restaurants like 85° Bakery & Cafe and a few shopping retailers.
References
Shopping malls in San Diego County, California
1950s architecture in the United States
National City, California
Kalenne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Modliborzyce, west of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Kalenne
SS Mayaguez was a U.S.-flagged container ship that attained notoriety for its 12 May 1975 seizure by Khmer Rouge forces of Cambodia, which resulted in a confrontation with the United States at the close of the Vietnam War.
Service history
The Mayaguez was first launched in April 1944 as SS White Falcon, a U.S. Maritime Commission C2-S-AJ1 freighter built by North Carolina Shipbuilding Company of Wilmington, North Carolina.
After World War II, the ship was sold to Grace Line and renamed the SS Santa Eliana. Seeking to containerize its coffee bean traffic from Venezuela, in 1960 Grace had the Santa Eliana and her sister ship Santa Leonor lengthened and widened by the Maryland Shipbuilding and Drydock Company and converted into the first U.S.-flagged, all-container ships devoted to foreign trade, with a capacity of 382 containers below-deck plus 94 on-deck. With Grace Line's plans repeatedly frustrated by longshoremen opposition in both Venezuela and New York, the ship was sold in 1964 to the American container line Sea-Land Service and she was renamed SS Sea, and then SS Mayaguez (named after the city of Mayagüez on the west coast of Puerto Rico) in 1965. Her sister ship was renamed Land and then Ponce (after the city of Ponce on the south coast of Puerto Rico).
In 1967 Sea-Land began regular container service under contract to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) in support of American forces in Southeast Asia, with the Mayaguez being one of many Sea-Land ships employed. In 1975 the Mayaguez was sailing a regular route: Hong Kong – Sattahip, Thailand – Singapore. On 7 May 1975, about a week after the fall of Saigon, Mayaguez left Hong Kong on what was said to be a routine voyage.
Capture and recovery
The "Mayaguez incident" took place between Kampuchea (formerly Cambodia) and the United States from 12 to 15 May 1975, less than a month after the Khmer Rouge took control of the capital Phnom Penh ousting the U.S.-backed Khmer Republic. After the Khmer Rouge seized the ship in a disputed maritime area, the U.S. mounted a hastily-prepared rescue operation. U.S. Marines recaptured the ship and attacked the island of Koh Tang where it was believed, in error, that the crew were being held as hostages. Encountering stronger than expected defenses on Koh Tang, three United States Air Force helicopters were destroyed during the initial assault and the Marines fought a desperate day-long battle with the Khmer Rouge before being evacuated. Mayaguezs crew were released unharmed by the Khmer Rouge shortly after the attack on Koh Tang began.
Later career
Duly retrieved from Khmer Rouge forces, the Mayaguez was taken out of service and eventually scrapped in 1979.
Citations
General and cited references
Type C2-S-AJ1 ships
World War II merchant ships of the United States
Merchant ships of the United States
Container ships
Vietnam War merchant ships of the United States
1944 ships
Ships built in Wilmington, North Carolina
Captured ships
The 1945 William & Mary Indians football team represented William & Mary during the 1945 college football season.
Schedule
NFL Draft selections
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
The 2006 season in Swedish football, starting January 2006 and ending December 2006:
Events
18 January 2006: The Swedish national team plays a friendly in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia against the hosts, causing upset home in Sweden when it is revealed that no women are allowed at the stadium.
2 September 2006: The punishment for the clubs involved in the tumult at Söderstadion during the 53 minute abandoned match Hammarby IF–Djurgårdens IF played 28 September—when home fans stormed the pitch and shot fireworks from the stands—is decided by the Swedish Football Association; Hammarby IF loses the match 0–3 (the score when the match was abandoned), loses an extra three points, and are fined 200,000 SEK, Djurgårdens IF are fined 15,000 SEK.
5 November 2006: IF Elfsborg beat Djurgårdens IF 1–0 in the last matchday of 2006 Allsvenskan and become champions for the first time since 1961.
9 December 2006: The Swedish Football Association decides to increase the number of teams in Allsvenskan from 14 to 16—effective from the 2008 season—meaning that the 2007 season will see only one team being relegated from Allsvenskan while three teams will be automatically promoted from Superettan.
Honours
Official titles
Competitions
Promotions, relegations and qualifications
Promotions
League transfers
Relegations
International qualifications
Domestic results
Allsvenskan 2006
Allsvenskan qualification play-off 2006
Superettan 2006
Superettan qualification play-off 2006
Division 1 Norra 2006
Norra
Södra
Division 1 Södra 2006
Svenska Cupen 2006
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
National team results
Notes
References
Print
Online
Seasons in Swedish football
Andrew Freeman is an American rock singer who has played for a number of bands, most notably punk rock group the Offspring and hard rock guitarist George Lynch's Lynch Mob. Freeman is currently the frontman for the hard rock supergroup Last in Line and the lead vocalist for Great White.
Career
Freeman was the guitarist and co-songwriter/producer for the Massachusetts band Thirty Stones, whose album Canvas, produced by Chris "Zeuss" Harris, peaked at number 5 on FMQB's Metal Detector and CMJ Crucial Spins. The band performed more than 250 concerts in 2003, appearing with bands such as Sevendust, Staind, Shadows Fall, Powerman 5000, Dope, Nonpoint, Hed PE, and Lacuna Coil, among others. Thirty Stones were also featured on several compilation CDs released by Cleopatra Records. The band reformed at the end of 2010, appearing on the cover of The Valley Advocate and performing a few shows in Massachusetts and California.
Freeman joined punk band the Offspring as a touring guitarist and backup vocalist on their 2008 tour for the album Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace. In 2010, Freeman joined Hurricane as the lead vocalist, performing a few shows with the band before leaving in 2013.
In 2012, after the death of Ronnie James Dio, Freeman joined the original members of Dio as a vocalist to form the band Last in Line, a supergroup featuring Vivian Campbell (Def Leppard, Whitesnake), Vinny Appice (Black Sabbath) and Jimmy Bain (Rainbow). Last In Line released their first album, Heavy Crown in 2016 and reached number 1 on Billboard's "Heat Seeker" chart.
In early 2013, Freeman joined the show Raiding the Rock Vault in Las Vegas, where he performed six shows a week with other rock musicians. In late October 2018, he left Raiding the Rock Vault after performing over 1,000 shows.
Freeman has performed on three tours as the lead vocalist with Dokken and Lynch Mob guitarist George Lynch, including a feature on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and a headline show at the Musicians Institute in Hollywood, California.
In 2018, Freeman started performing as the vocalist for Lies, Deceit & Treachery with Jimmy D'Anda, Mick Sweda, and Lonnie Vencent, all of whom are formerly of Bullet Boys. He also formed a band called "Devil's Hand" with guitarist Mike Slamer, and in December of the same year, they released a self-titled album.
Freeman has also worked as a voice-over actor for Nickelodeon, and performed bit parts and audio post-production for the shows KaBlam! and Doug. He has also done various commercials for radio, television, film, and as a music producer and audio engineer.
During July–October 2021, Freeman filled in for Firehouse vocalist, CJ Snare, as Snare recovered from abdominal surgery.
On May 31, 2022, Freeman was officially announced as the lead vocalist for Great White, replacing Mitch Malloy.
References
American male singers
American rock guitarists
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
American male guitarists
The Barraba branch railway line is a closed railway line in New South Wales, Australia. The line, which was opened on 21 September 1908,
ran for north along the Manilla valley to the town of Barraba from the Main North railway line at West Tamworth.
The railway line crossed the Namoi River at Manilla over a large viaduct and crosses the Peel River just before Attunga. Two Howe timber truss bridges, one over Borah Creek in Upper Manilla (575 km from Sydney Central) and the other over Oakey Creek between Manilla and Attunga (539 km), are heritage listed.
In the 1970s, the Barraba line was served by the unique railmotor, CHP38 (also known as Creamy Kate). At that period, large quantities of asbestos was railed from Barraba in containers for export.
The line is now open for only for use as grain wagon storage.
A stop block is in place at Dampier Street, Tamworth and the line was damaged by flood along Wallamore Road on 29 November 2008
On 24 November 2017 it was announced that the line from West Tamworth to Westdale silos would be rebuilt for a new freight centre.
References
Closed regional railway lines in New South Wales
Railway lines opened in 1908
Standard gauge railways in Australia
1908 establishments in Australia
Main North railway line, New South Wales
Julius Huehn (January 12, 1904 – June 8, 1971) was an operatic bass-baritone. He sang in over 200 performances with the Metropolitan Opera between 1935 and 1946.
Huehn sang many Wagner roles, including Wotan in Das Rheingold and Die Walkuere, Donner in Das Rheingold, the Wanderer in Siegfried, Gunther in Goetterdaemmerung, Wolfram von Eschenbach in Tannhaeuser, Amfortas in Parsifal, Kothner in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg, Kurwenal in Tristan und Isolde and Telramund in Lohengrin. Other operatic roles included Escamillo in Carmen, Faninal in Der Rosenkavalier, Orestes in Elektra, Jochanaan in Salome, Don Pizarro and Don Fernando in Fidelio, Sharpless in Madama Butterfly and the High Priest in Samson et Dalila .
Huehn's debut at the Metropolitan Opera was on December 21, 1935, as The Herald in Lohengrin. He also sang the role of Robinson in the Met's premiere of Cimarosa's opera Il matrimonio segreto on February 25, 1937. In addition, he appeared at the San Francisco Opera, the Philadelphia Opera, the Chicago Grand Opera Company, the Rochester Oratorio Society, the Chautauqua Opera and the Worcester Music Festival.
Huehn was born in 1904 in Revere, Massachusetts. He served as a ground control officer in the U.S. Marine Corps during World War II after enlisting in 1944, holding the rank of captain. After his discharge he returned to the Metropolitan Opera for the 1946–47 season, but reports of the time indicate that his once-powerful baritone voice had all but faded. He spent the last 19 years of his life, from 1952 to 1971, teaching voice at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York. His pupils included singers Philip Booth, John Glenn Paton and Sylvia Stone. He died in Rochester on June 8, 1971.
References
2. "Opera News", 27 November 1944 (Vol. IX, no. 4, p. 3)
1904 births
1971 deaths
American operatic bass-baritones
People from Revere, Massachusetts
Singers from Massachusetts
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
Eastman School of Music faculty
Juilliard School alumni
20th-century American male opera singers
United States Marine Corps officers
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Diapur is a former locality in western Victoria, in Australia situated about 350 km northwest of Melbourne. Diapur is situated on the Melbourne-Adelaide railway line and is the halfway point of the journey.
Diapur has an elevation of approximately 160m above sea level.
Diapur is now located within Nhill.
Diapur once had a G.J.Coles variety store.
The locality once had a football side, It won a premiership in 1910 and last competed in 1930 in the Lowan Star Football Association.
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Wimmera
Kanak Peak () is a conspicuous ice-free peak, high, standing northwest of Mount Gniewek and north of the head of Carlyon Glacier in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from tellurometer surveys and Navy air photos, 1959–63, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Commander R.A. Kanak, U.S. Navy, commander of on ocean station duty in support of aircraft flights between Christchurch and McMurdo Sound in Operation Deep Freeze 1963.
See also
Murayama Crests, a group of peaks located 4 nautical miles (7 km) north-northeast of Kanak Peak
References
External links
Mountains of Oates Land
Ohzano Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 1.3 km2. The dam impounds about 3 ha of land when full and can store 195 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1970 and completed in 1974.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1974 establishments in Japan
Linda Stein (April 24, 1945 – October 30, 2007) was an American rock music manager and real estate broker.
Life and career
Stein began her career as a teacher, but left teaching to manage the Ramones with Danny Fields. She also managed singer/songwriter Steve Forbert.
Stein was married to and advised Seymour Stein, president of Sire Records and vice president of Warner Bros. Records, who was instrumental in launching the careers of Madonna, The Ramones, Talking Heads, and The Pretenders. She was a fixture in clubs from Studio 54 to the Mudd Club and later a reliable voice in gossip columns, aided by her quick wit and fanciful way with a four-letter word.
In the 1990s, Stein left band management and became a '"real estate agent to the stars." She landed mega-million-dollar apartments for Madonna, Sting, Angelina Jolie, Billy Joel, Christie Brinkley, Bruce Willis, Jann Wenner, Michael Douglas, Steven Spielberg, and Elton John.
According to her friend, author Steven Gaines, Stein reportedly inspired two movie characters: the real estate agent (played by Sylvia Miles) who sells a high-rise apartment to Charlie Sheen's character in Oliver Stone's Wall Street and a predatory record executive in the 1998 movie 54.
Death
On October 30, 2007, Stein was found dead in her apartment in Manhattan. The coroner ruled Stein's death a homicide and attributed the cause to "blunt impact trauma to the head and neck." At the time of her death, Stein had been battling a brain tumor.
Arrest, confession, and conviction of assailant
On November 9, 2007, Stein's former personal assistant Natavia Lowery was arrested. According to reports, the assistant killed her boss because Stein "just kept yelling at her." She also claimed that Stein had blown marijuana smoke into her face and made a racial slur, but an autopsy determined that there was no marijuana in Stein's system. While in police custody for questioning, police say Lowery waived her Miranda rights. She recounted her version of the events in a videotaped confession. At a December 13, 2007 court hearing, however, the Lowery family disrupted the proceedings to loudly accuse Stein's daughter Mandy of killing her mother, and afterward, Lowery's mother approached Mandy Stein, saying "You know you did it." On May 3, 2010, Lowery was sentenced to the maximum 25 years to life for murdering Stein, including three years for the theft of $30,000 from her.
Noncriminal legal issues
The New York County Surrogate's Court determined that Stein died intestate. Accordingly, under New York State law her next of kin, her two daughters, inherited her estate. On December 18, 2007, they filed a petition with the court asking for control of Stein's estate. It was accepted the same day. Stein's daughters indicated they were considering suing her employer, real-estate brokerage Prudential Douglas Elliman, as well as the temporary agency that employed the killer, and the killer herself.
Legacy
Singer Elton John said that he would perform in a cancer research fundraiser in Stein's honor.
On April 24, 2009, which would have been Linda Stein's 64th birthday, Mandy Stein's film Burning Down the House: The Rise and Fall of CBGB - dedicated to her mother - premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival.
References
External links
Obituary
The Rap on Lowery's confession
Linda Stein was in tune with the Rhythm of New York
New York Post article about Linda Stein
Remembering Linda Stein
1945 births
2007 deaths
American music managers
American talent agents
American murder victims
People from Manhattan
Punk people
American real estate brokers
Deaths by beating in the United States
People murdered in New York City
Women in punk
Alvin Cheng Kam-mun (, born 23 June 1988), also known as "Brother Four Eyes" (), is a Hong Kong political activist, a member of Civic Passion, and founder of student activist organization Student Front. In 2014, he led a rally in support of the Hong Kong Umbrella Movement during the G20 Brisbane summit.
Political career
On 22 September 2014, in response to the arrest of student protesters in the Hong Kong Umbrella Movement Cheng returned home from his studies at Queensland University of Technology to participate in the protest.
In November 2014, Cheng went back to Brisbane to lead a rally in support for the Umbrella Movement during the 2014 G20 Brisbane summit. On the 16th, the four-hour rally on a lawn outside the summit venue attracted participation by many overseas students from Hong Kong, Taiwan and Mainland China.
On 6 December 2014, Cheng established Student Front, a student activist organization to fight against the "stage power" and to remain at the frontlines after the Hong Kong Federation of Students and Scholarism quit the protests. He was arrested on suspicion of attending, and inciting others to take part in, an illegal assembly. He wrote an article that indicated he was arrested on 26 December 2014 and not granted bail. After the Umbrella Movement, Cheng continued with numerous protest activities, such as gau wu and the movement against parallel trading. He was arrested on several occasions and found it difficult to obtain bail. He was then banned from entering Mong Kok by a court order.
On 2 March 2015, Cheng announced that Student Front was dissolved and warned other activists not to depend completely on "student activism organizations". On the morning of 27 April 2015, Cheng was involved in a dispute with supporters of Avery Ng, the vice-chairman of the League of Social Democrats, outside Mong Kok Police Station regarding the progress of the Umbrella Movement.
On 20 August 2015, Cheng was convicted of obstructing bailiff officers from clearing occupied roads in Mong Kok on 26 November 2014, and sentenced to 21 days' detention.
On 20 November 2019, Alvin Cheng was arrested by Hong Kong police when he tried to escape from the siege of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
Disqualification in 2020 Legco election
Five weeks ahead of the (subsequently postponed) 2020 Hong Kong Legislative Council Election, on 30 July 2020, as Cheng preparted to stand, the government stated that he was among a dozen pro-democracy candidates whose nominations were 'invalid', under an opaque process in which, nominally, civil servants – returning officers – assess whether, for instance, a candidate had objected to the enactment of the national security law, or was sincere in statements made disavowing separatism.
See also
Umbrella Movement
Hong Kong Autonomy Movement
References
1988 births
Living people
2014 Hong Kong protests
Hong Kong activists
Hong Kong localists
Queensland University of Technology alumni
Bremer County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,988. Its county seat is Waverly. The county was named for Fredrika Bremer, a Swedish feminist writer.
Bremer County is included in the Waterloo-Cedar Falls, IA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water. It is intersected by the Cedar and Wapsipinicon rivers.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 63
U.S. Highway 218
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 27
Iowa Highway 93
Iowa Highway 188
Adjacent counties
Chickasaw County (north)
Fayette County (east)
Floyd County (northwest)
Black Hawk County (south)
Buchanan County (southeast)
Butler County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 24,988 in the county, with a population density of . 97.01% of the population reported being of one race. 92.39% were non-Hispanic White, 0.96% were Black, 2.04% were Hispanic, 0.18% were Native American, 0.78% were Asian, 0.01% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.63% were some other race or more than one race. There were 10,484 housing units of which 9,646 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 24,276 in the county, with a population density of . There were 9,915 housing units, of which 9,385 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 23,325 people, 8,860 households, and 6,326 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 9,337 housing units at an average density of 21 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.22% White, 0.48% Black or African American, 0.06% Native American, 0.52% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.10% from other races, and 0.60% from two or more races. 0.56% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,860 households, out of which 32.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.50% were married couples living together, 6.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.60% were non-families. 24.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.10% under the age of 18, 12.00% from 18 to 24, 23.90% from 25 to 44, 23.90% from 45 to 64, and 16.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $40,826, and the median income for a family was $50,299. Males had a median income of $34,212 versus $22,250 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,199. About 2.90% of families and 5.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.20% of those under age 18 and 5.80% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Wartburg College is located in Waverly.
Waverly-Shell Rock School District
Waverly-Shell Rock High school
Waverly-Shell Rock Middle School
Margaretta Carey Elementary School
Shell Rock Elementary
WSR Southeast Elementary
WSR West Cedar Elementary
WSR Lied Campus
St. Paul's Lutheran School
Denver School District
High school
Middle school
Elementary School
Discoveries Preschool
Janesville Consolidated School District
Sumner School District
S-F High School
S-F Middle School
Fredericksburg Elementary
Durant Elementary
Fredericksburg Preschool
Sumner Preschool
Tripoli School District
Attractions
The Bremer County Fair is held at the county fairgrounds in Waverly every year in early August. It celebrated its 135th year in August 2010. Attractions include livestock and craft exhibitions, truck and tractor pulls, commercial and local exhibits, and various contests, performances, and concerts.
The Bremer County Court House, which opened in 1937, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Bremer County Historical Society and Museum was originally built in 1862 as a stagecoach stop and hotel. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Communities
Cities
Denver
Frederika
Janesville
Plainfield
Readlyn
Sumner
Tripoli
Waverly
Unincorporated communities
Klinger
Siegel
Horton
Waverly Junction
Bremer
Townships
Bremer County is divided into fourteen townships:
Dayton
Douglas
Franklin
Frederika
Fremont
Jackson
Jefferson
Lafayette
Le Roy
Maxfield
Polk
Sumner No. 2
Warren
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Bremer County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bremer County, Iowa
Bremer County Court House
Notes
References
External links
County website
Waterloo – Cedar Falls metropolitan area
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Walt Whitman gave a series of lectures on Abraham Lincoln from 1879 to 1890. They centered around the assassination of Abraham Lincoln, but also covered years leading up to and during the American Civil War and sometimes included readings of poems such as "O Captain! My Captain!". The lectures began as a benefit for Whitman and were generally popular and well received.
Whitman greatly admired Lincoln and was moved by his assassination in 1865 to write several poems in the president's memory. The idea of Whitman's giving lectures about the topic was first circulated by his friend John Burroughs in an 1878 letter. Whitman, who had long aspired to be a lecturer, gave his first lecture in New York City on April 14 of the following year. Over the course of the next eleven years, he gave the lecture at least five more times, and possibly as many as twenty. A retelling of the lecture in 1887 at Madison Square Theatre is considered to have been his most successful lecture and had many prominent members of society in the audience. Whitman described the lecture as "the culminating hour" of his life. He gave the lecture for the last time in Philadelphia in 1890, two years before his death.
The lecture series was described by Whitman's biographer Justin Kaplan in 1980 as the closest he came to "social eminence on a large scale."
Background
Whitman (left) and Lincoln (right) c. 1854 when they were 35 and 45 years old respectivelyWalt Whitman established his reputation as a poet in the late 1850s to early 1860s after the 1855 release of Leaves of Grass. The brief volume released in 1855 was considered controversial by some, with critics particularly objecting to Whitman's blunt depictions of sexuality and the poem's "homoerotic overtones". At the start of the American Civil War, Whitman moved from New York to Washington, D.C., where he held a series of government jobs—first with the Army Paymaster's Office and later with the Bureau of Indian Affairs. He volunteered in the army hospitals as a nurse.
Although they never met, Whitman saw Abraham Lincoln several times between 1861 and 1865, sometimes in close quarters. The first time was when Lincoln stopped in New York City in 1861 on his way to Washington. He greatly admired the President, writing in October 1863, "I love the President personally." Whitman later declared that "Lincoln gets almost nearer me than anybody else." Lincoln's death on April 15, 1865, greatly moved Whitman and the nation. Shortly after Lincoln's death, hundreds of poems were written on the topic. The historian Stephen B. Oates noted that "never had the nation mourned so over a fallen leader". Whitman himself wrote several poems in tribute to the fallen President. "O Captain! My Captain!", "When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloom'd", "Hush'd Be the Camps To-Day", and "This Dust Was Once the Man" were all written on Lincoln's death. While poems do not specifically mention Lincoln, they turn the assassination of the President into a sort of martyrdom.
Whitman had long aspired to be a lecturer and had given several in the 1850s and 1860s. In 1875 Whitman published Memoranda During the War, which included a narrative of Lincoln's death. The following year he published an article on Lincoln's death in The New York Sun, and considered writing a book on Lincoln, but never did.
Deliveries
The idea of Whitman giving lectures on Lincoln's death was first suggested by his friend John Burroughs in a letter dated February 3, 1878, who told him that the poet Richard Watson Gilder wanted him to deliver a lecture around the anniversary of Lincoln's assassination. On February 24, Whitman responded to Burroughs, agreeing to the proposal. The next month, Whitman began suffering severe pain in his shoulder and was partially paralyzed; as a result, the lecture was postponed to May. On April 18 the paralysis was attributed to a ruptured blood vessel in his brain by Silas Weir Mitchell. In May he gave up on plans for the lecture that year. In March 1879, a group of Whitman's friends, including Gilder, Burroughs, and John H. Johnston, again began planning a lecture. Whitman worked his New York Sun article into a readable format and was given a chair so that he could sit throughout the lecture.The first lecture was given in Steck Hall, New York City, to between 60 and 80 people on April 14, 1879. The success of this lecture is unknown and, despite his desire to Whitman was unable to find further bookings for lectures for the rest of the year. He did not give another lecture until April 15, 1880, in Association Hall, Philadelphia. He revised the lecture's content slightly for the second reading; it would stay in largely the same form for the remainder of his lectures. Whitman promoted his lecture, sending copies to several newspapers. An 1881 lecture in Boston was attended by over one hundred people, including the literary critic William Dean Howells, and earned him $135. This delivery was positively received in reviews published in several newspapers. There are no records of Whitman delivering the lecture in the next five years, but he gave it at least four times in 1886, and several times in the ensuing four years.
Lecture in New York City (1887)
Whitman's April 15, 1887 lecture at Madison Square Theatre is considered the most successful of the lectures. It was attended by a number of notable figures. The historian David S. Reynolds described the lecture in 1995 as a "Barnumesque event on a high scale." It was organized by Robert Pearsall Smith and several other friends of Whitman. At the end of the lecture, Stedman's granddaughter brought Whitman lilacs and he read the "O Captain! My Captain!". A reception at Whitman's hotel suite was held after the lecture; about two hundred people attended. Whitman later described the lecture and its aftermath as "the culminating hour" of his life; he earned $600 from the event, of which $350 was from Andrew Carnegie, who ended up not attending the lecture. However, he also told his friend Horace Traubel that he considered the event "too much the New York Jamboree".
Later deliveries
The last time he gave the lecture was on April 14, 1890, in Philadelphia, just two years before his death. It was attended by an estimated four hundred people. Money made from lectures constituted a major source of income for Whitman in the years leading to his death. Promotional materials for the lecture often falsely claimed that Whitman had known well Lincoln and had been in Ford's Theatre upon the night of the Assassination. An ad for his Elkton, Maryland lectures in 1886 even said that Whitman had been in the room with Lincoln when he was shot.
List of known deliveries
Whitman said that he gave the lecture a total of thirteen times, but later authors give varying numbersestimates range from five to twenty. For instance, in 1963 the scholar Roy S. Azarnoff wrote that Whitman had given his lecture six times by May 1886, and Larry D. Griffin wrote that he delivered it four times in 1886 alone. At least eleven individual lectures have been identified:
Content
Whitman was described by scholar Merril D. Peterson as not being an orator "either in manner or appearance". Contemporary observers also described Whitman as a poor speaker, saying that his voice would become higher and "unnatural-sounding." However, other sources describe him as speaking in a low voice.
The lecture combined previously written material, such as the article Whitman had published on Lincoln's death in the New York Sun, and some new content. According to scholar Leslie Elizabeth Eckel, Whitman generally began by "downplaying his ability to handle the emotionally challenging task that lay before him." He then moved into describing the rise in tensions leading up to the 1860 presidential election and America during the Civil War era. Then he would describe Lincoln's death, the main focus of the lecture. He retold the assassination as though he had been there, identifying the assassination as a force that would "condenseA nationality." Whitman often ended by reading "O Captain! My Captain!". In some lectures he read portions of his other poems from Leaves of Grass such as "Proud Music of the Storm" and "To the Man-of-War-Bird", or the works of other poets such as "The Raven" by Edgar Allan Poe, poems by William Collins, and a translation of Anacreon's Ode XXXIII by Thomas Moore called "The Midnight Visitor."
Reception
The lectures were popular and well received. Whitman scholar David Haven Blake writes that while the lectures were not attended by "the masses", they offered an opportunity for members of higher society to "pay homage to both the president and the poet." He emphasizes how Whitman used the lectures to connect America's love for Lincoln with his own poetry, namely Leaves of Grass. Historian Daniel Mark Epstein wrote, "[t]he speech was always a success, and in major cities it seldom failed to reap columns of publicity in the newspapers." Many audience members reported being moved to tears. José Martí, who was present at one of the lectures, described the crowd as listening "in religious silence, for its sudden grace notes, vibrant tones, hymnlike progress, and Olympian familiarity seemed at times the whispering of the stars." Stedman wrote that "Something of Lincoln himself seemed to pass into this man who loved and studied him." The poet Stuart Merrill said that Whitman's telling of the assassination convinced him that "I was there, the very thing happened to me. And this recital was as gripping as the messengers' reports in Aeschylus."
Whitman's biographer Justin Kaplan wrote that Whitman's 1887 lecture in New York City and its after-party marked the closest he came to "social eminence on a large scale." The historian David S. Reynolds said that Whitman's lectures made him a household name. In 1988 professor Kerry C. Larson wrote that the "hackneyed" sentimentality of Whitman's lectures was indicative of a decline in his creativity. In 2015 scholar Michael C. Cohen called Whitman's lecture his "most popular text." Cohen argued that Whitman had used the lectures to frame the Civil War and Lincoln's death as factors that could unify the United States.
Whitman also used the lectures to further perception of himself as a "public historian." English scholar Gregory Eiselein contrasted Whitman's depiction of Lincoln's death in his lectures with that in "Lilacs". Whitman's lecture was intended to present a very factual account, what scholar Martin T. Buinicki has described as "pointedly historical." Conversely, "Lilacs" has what Eiselein describes as "musical, ethereal, often abstract, [and] heavily symbolized". Blake emphasizes this aspect of the lectures as well, writing that there is irony that Whitman attempted to present a dramatic but accurate history while he was lying in promotional materials for the lectures.
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Daniel Mark Epstein on Walt Whitman's "The Death of Lincoln"
19th-century speeches
Cultural depictions of Abraham Lincoln
Lists of speeches by speaker
Walt Whitman and Abraham Lincoln
Works by Walt Whitman
Ian Strachan (born 1 November 1940) was a Canadian politician. He represented the electoral district of Eagle River in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1975 to 1979. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He was born at Aberdeen, Scotland.
Strachan previously worked as a Community Development Worker for Memorial University of Newfoundland Extension Services in Nain. He subsequently served as independent facilitator chair of the Combined Councils of Labrador.
References
1940 births
Living people
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Politicians from Aberdeen
Scottish emigrants to Canada
People from Labrador
Gustav Adolf von Deines (10 March 1852 – 30 May 1914), born Gustav Adolf Deines, was a Prussian military officer, a General of the Artillery, a member of the German General Staff and of the Prussian army.
Life
Early life
Gustav Adolf Deines was born in Hanau, to a junior branch of a long-established landowning family. His father, Konrad Otto Deines (1824–1886), a landowner, horticulturalist, landscape gardener and business leader who ran a successful plant nursery in Hanau. His mother was Friederike Karoline (née Textor; 1827–1885). Deines' early education took place at the Hohe Landesschule in Hanau, but he did not attend university, and was conscripted directly into military service upon graduating.
Military career
On 29 March 1870, Deines was assigned to the 8th (1st Rhenish) Field Artillery (von Holtzendorff) Regiment as part of the XXI Army Corps in Saarlouis, with which he would serve for the entirety of the Franco-Prussian War. Deines saw action at the battles of Gravelotte, Beaumont, and Hallue, as well as the sieges of Metz and Paris. on 9 March 1872, Deines was promoted to Second Lieutenant, and after three years of study at the Prussian War College, he was promoted again to on 14 September 1880. In the Spring of the following year, Deines was appointed to the German General Staff, where he served until 1883, when he was made Adjutant of the 2nd Foot Artillery Brigade. In this position, he was able to draw upon the experience he gained during the siege of Paris, and published (The Activity of the Siege Artillery Before Paris in the War of 1870/71) to great acclaim, for the first time bringing much deserved recognition to the artillerymen who made the siege successful and helped the German forces win the war. In October 1885, Deines was promoted to and transferred back to the General Staff, of which he would be a member, with few interruptions, for the remainder of his career. On 20 October 1890, Deines was further promoted to , and from 1894 was given command of the Guards Foot Artillery. In 1897, Deines was promoted to and given the command of the 9th Schleswig-Holstein Foot Artillery, and soon after was made Chief of Staff of the Inspectorate-General of Heavy Artillery. He retained this position until 22 March 1899, then he was promoted to , and in 1901 he rejoined the General Staff as Chief of the Heavy Artillery Division. On 17 February 1903, he was promoted to , and at the King's Birthday celebrations in 1906, he was promoted to the General Staff rank of , and on 16 October the same year, was again promoted to . Kaiser Wilhelm II raised Deines to the untitled hereditary nobility on 18 October 1910, after which he became known as Gustav Adolf . One month later, on 22 November, the newly ennobled Deines retired from the military with the rank of .
Family
Gustav Adolf von Deines was the second cousin of the Prussian Cavalry General Adolf von Deines, with whom he shared not only a similarity in name, but also in career. Both men were heavily involved in the German General Staff during the 1880s and 1890s. In addition, the two von Deines were both intimates of Graf Alfred von Schlieffen. One distinct difference was their right to the surname . The elder von Deines inherited his nobiliary particle from his grandfather, who was ennobled in 1847, while the younger was ennobled in his own right by the Kaiser in 1910.
In 1888, Deines married Ida Clara (née Poppe; 1862–1939), and they had four children, two sons and two daughters:
Ortwin Adolf (24 June 1889 - 14 March 1935)
Echart Otto Oskar (1892 - 1967)
Karoline Antonie Helga (1896 - 1938)
Helga Elisabeth Johanna (16 July 1898 - 17 May 1958) married Lutz Heck, director of the Berlin Zoological Garden.
Awards and decorations
German orders:
Knight of the Order of the Red Eagle, Second Class with Oak Leaves, January 1909 (Prussia)
Knight of the Royal Order of the Crown, Second Class (Prussia)
Military Merit Cross (Prussia)
Knight Commander of the Military Merit Order, Second Class with Star, 1910, First Class, 21 February 1911 (Bavaria)
Commander of the Albert Order, Commander's Cross, 1900 (Saxony)
Commander of the Order of the Württemberg Crown, with Star (Württemberg)
Foreign orders:
Order of the Sacred Treasure, Fourth Class (Japan)
Grand Officer of the Order of the Crown of Italy (Italy)
Knight of the Order of the Iron Crown, Second Class (Austria-Hungary)
Grand Cross of Order of the Star of Romania (Romania)
Works published
Further reading
References
1852 births
1914 deaths
19th-century German people
Generals of Artillery (Prussia)
German military personnel of the Franco-Prussian War
German untitled nobility
People from Hanau
People from the Kingdom of Prussia
Quartermasters
Recipients of the Order of the Crown (Italy)
Recipients of the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 4th class
Crosses of Military Merit
Bodinus is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Sebastian Bodinus ( 1700–1759), German composer
Heinrich Bodinus (1814–1884), German zoologist
Jean Bodin (Latinized) (1530–1596), French jurist and philosopher
Hans Olsen (1919–1992) was a Danish furniture designer who created a number of items in his own distinctive style.
Biography
Although Olsen was a student of Kaare Klint at the Royal Danish Academy's Furniture School from 1941 to 1943, he belongs to a group of Danish furniture designers who chose to experiment with both form and materials. In 1953, he set up his own studio where he designed and produced a series of exciting pieces in a distinctive style, exhibiting them at the annual fairs of the Cabinetmakers Guild in Copenhagen. One of his most notable designs is the Bikini Chair (1968) which like other chairs from his studio was in bent laminated wood. Though he was not one of the mainstream Danish modern school, he designed a range of items for furniture manufacturers including Bramin Møbler, Juul Kristensen, C.S. Møbler and Frem Røjle.
See also
Danish design
References
External links
hans olsen | artnet
warm nordic - house of hans olsen
Danish furniture designers
20th-century Danish woodworkers
Danish cabinetmakers
Danish furniture makers
1919 births
1992 deaths
Danish modern
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts alumni
The Cyclone was a wooden roller coaster that operated at Revere Beach in Revere, Massachusetts, from 1925 until 1969. When Cyclone was constructed, it was the tallest roller coaster ever built, as well as being the first roller coaster in the world to reach in height. In addition to being the tallest roller coaster of its day, some also claim that it was the largest and fastest roller coaster in the world, with a length of and top speeds between 45 and 50 mph (some dispute the speed record claim and instead award that honor to the Giant Dipper). Cyclone held the title of world's tallest roller coaster until 1964 when it was surpassed by Montaña Rusa at La Feria Chapultepec Mágico in Mexico City, Mexico.
Given its location near the Atlantic Ocean, Cyclone would take much damage throughout the years from ocean storms, flooding, and blizzards. Despite the abuse the coaster took from the ocean, however, it was a fire that eventually destroyed the Cyclone. When the Cyclone burned down in 1969, it was an event that signaled the demise of the Revere Beach amusement industry. The coaster's charred ruins were finally torn down in 1974.
As with Coney Island in Brooklyn, New York, Revere Beach's attractions were owned by a variety of amusement operators, with the Cyclone being owned by the Shayeb family. In its heyday, Cyclone was a popular ride, regularly transporting as many as 1,400 riders per hour—a rate which was quickly able to recoup the 125,000 dollar cost of the coaster.
Design and construction
Cyclone was constructed by the notable roller coaster builder and pioneer Harry Traver of Traver Engineering and designed by Frederick Church. It was similar in design to another Traver-built coaster at Savin Rock, the Thunderbolt.
Cyclone was one of two roller coasters that Traver built at Revere Beach, the other one being the Lightning. Lightning was part of a model line known as "Giant Cyclone Safety Coasters". These coasters were steel-framed coasters, which, ironically enough, had a particularly poor safety record. Because Cyclone predated Lightning at Revere Beach, Lightning was the only Cyclone Safety Coaster to not share the Cyclone name of its sister coasters.
See also
Thunderbolt (Savin Rock)
References
Buildings and structures in Suffolk County, Massachusetts
Demolished buildings and structures in Massachusetts
Revere, Massachusetts
Former roller coasters in Massachusetts
Stefan Draganov (; born 13 August 1966) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward. In his career he played for Lokomotiv Plovdiv, CSKA Sofia, Botev Plovdiv, Hong Kong club Instant-Dict and Portuguese Leixões.
Honours
CSKA Sofia
A Group: 1991–92
Bulgarian Cup: 1992–93
Instant-Dict
Hong Kong First Division: 1997–98
References
External links
Player Profile at ForaDeJogo.net
Living people
1966 births
Bulgarian footballers
PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv players
PFC CSKA Sofia players
Botev Plovdiv players
Leixões S.C. players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Association football forwards
National Premier Soccer League coaches
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Bulgarian football managers
Jamie Devane (born February 20, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing under contract with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League (AHL). Devane was selected by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the third round (68th overall) of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Devane played four seasons (2008–2012) of major junior hockey with the Plymouth Whalers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL), scoring 53 goals and 61 assists for 114 points, while earning 411 penalty minutes, in 237 games played.
On July 12, 2015, Devane was traded by the Maple Leafs to the Nashville Predators in exchange for the rights to Taylor Beck. In the 2015–16 season, Devane was assigned to AHL affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals, for the duration of the year. He contributed with 11 points in 62 games.
As a free agent from the Predators, Devane agreed to a professional try-out contract with the Calgary Flames on August 16, 2016. He was signed prior to camp on a one-year AHL contract with Flames affiliate, the Stockton Heat, announced on September 2, 2016. During the 2016–17 season, Devane was a relied upon physical presence for the Heat. In 43 games he added 4 goals and 13 points.
On August 18, 2017, Devane as a free agent opted to continue in the AHL, agreeing to a one-year deal with the division rival, the Ontario Reign.
After two seasons with the Reign, Devane left the club as a free agent at the conclusion of the 2018–19 season. On August 7, 2019, Devane continued his career in the AHL, agreeing to a one-year contract with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins, the primary affiliate of the Pittsburgh Penguins. In the COVID-19 shortened 2019–20 season, Devane made 36 regular season appearances with Wilkes-Barre, collecting 4 goals and 9 points.
As a free agent leading into the pandemic delayed 2020–21 season, Devane was signed to a professional tryout contract with the San Diego Gulls of the AHL on February 17, 2021. He remained with the Gulls for the duration of the season, collecting a solitary goal through 26 regular season games.
On June 10, 2021, Devane returned to previous club, the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins, agreeing to a one-year deal for the 2021–22 season.
Career statistics
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Milwaukee Admirals players
Ontario Junior Hockey League players
Ontario Reign (AHL) players
Plymouth Whalers players
San Diego Gulls (AHL) players
San Francisco Bulls players
Sportspeople from Mississauga
Stockton Heat players
Toronto Maple Leafs draft picks
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Toronto Marlies players
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins players
T Lake Mountain is a mountain in the Adirondack Mountains region of New York. It is located north-northwest of Witherbee in Hamilton County. In 1916, the Conservation Commission built a Aermotor LL25 tower on the mountain. The T Lake Mountain Fire Observation Station ceased fire watching operations at the end of the 1970 season. In 1977, U.S. Army Engineers tested explosive charges on the fire tower which brought the tower crashing down. A few weeks later, the remains of the tower were removed by helicopter.
History
In 1916, the Conservation Commission erected a Aermotor LL25 tower on the mountain. The tower was of a lighter weight than the 1917 design and had no stairs but only a ladder up the exterior to get to the top. In 1918 or 1919, wooden steps were added within the structure to ease access to the top of the tower. The Aermotor company later developed a self-supporting staircase for installation in the towers purchased in 1916. This staircase was a tower within a tower and was anchored to the original tower. This self-supporting staircase was installed in 1931 to replace the wooden stairs that were previously installed. Due to aerial detection that was developed, the tower was closed at the end of the 1970 fire lookout season. The tower was deemed as not necessary to fire lookout purposes and also a "non-conforming" structure in the newly established West Canada Lakes Wilderness Area. Residents around Piseco Lake made several unsuccessful requests to the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation to keep the tower for air traffic control purposes at the Piseco Airport. In 1977, the United States Army Corps of Engineers were allowed to test shaped explosive charges on the fire tower which brought the tower crashing down. A few weeks later, the remains of the tower were removed by helicopter.
External links
The Fire Towers of New York
References
Adirondacks
Tourist attractions in Hamilton County, New York
Mountains of Hamilton County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Clendening is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adam Clendening (born 1992), American ice hockey player
Derek Clendening (born 1981), Canadian writer
Judy Clendening, Canadian judge
Logan Clendening (1884–1945), American physician and medical writer
Robert J. Clendening (1914–1982), American politician
"The Giving of Orders" is a 1926 essay by Mary Parker Follett. In it, she addresses issues of authority in business management, specifically how managers can gain influence over informal groups that naturally form in the workplace. She found that people respond better to situations than to top-down orders and managers should give people the means and willingness to respond to given situations instead of merely giving orders: "My solution is to depersonalize the giving of orders, to unite all concerned in a study of the situation, to discover the law of the situation, and obey that."
Background
As a young girl, Mary Follett faced many struggles. Her sister died while she was young and her father was in and out of her life. She was always involved in government and recent issues going on throughout her community. Although she had limited access to research funds and other resources, she was able to write two influential books;" The New State" and "Creative Experience" which were insights gained by twenty years of civic and professional work in Boston's immigrant neighborhoods. By commuting everyday from her home in Boston to Roxbury, she recognized the difference between both cities and decided to make changes in Ward 17. With so much involvement throughout her lifetime, she started a revolution.
Interpretation
By addressing the way managers gain influence over informal groups, Follett explains that training the employee can not only help them better understand their job description, but also helps the employer to be better understood. She argues that "orders should be the composite conclusion of those who give and those who receive them; more than this, that they should be the integration of the people concerned and the situation; more even than this, that they should be the integrations involved in the evolving situation.". Follett found that workmen respond better to "the order integral to a particular situation", which is arrived at by "joint study of the problem". She argued that when "orders are simply part of the situation, the question of someone giving and someone receives does not come up. Both accept the orders given by the situation." In all, Follett cautions managers to avoid giving orders but rather to look with others to the situation at hand to determine an appropriate response. Follett felt that depersonalizing orders would foster collaborative decision making, in which managers and employees would "discover" the most appropriate decision. Follett developed the circular theory of power, distinguishing between "power-over" and "power-with" (coercive vs. co-active power), while also advocating for power sharing and employee participation.
Contemporary context
While Follett's writings were popular during her time period, they were nearly forgotten within ten years of her death. Scholars speculate that this could be due to gender discrimination and the fact that her ideas were too ahead of her time. Even though her perspective on voice is much more extreme than contemporary researchers, there has been renewed interest in her writings in the last couple of decades. Follett's work came during the height of Frederick Taylor's Scientific Management movement, which advocated the "one right way" for tasks to be performed, and Max Weber's view that direct hierarchy was the best form of leadership for larger organizations. The Giving of Orders challenged both of these paradigms and presented an alternative to purely top-down hierarchy in management. Many consider Follett “the Prophet of Management” because her ideas have affected the field of management for the past six decades.
References
Public administration
Management books
Business books
Human resource management
Lonoke High School is a nationally recognized and accredited public high school located in the rural community of Lonoke, Arkansas, United States. The school provides comprehensive secondary education for approximately 550 students each year in grades 9 through 12. It is one of four public high schools in Lonoke County, Arkansas, and the only high school administered by the Lonoke School District.
History
By 1879, the citizens of Lonoke collected $10,000 to supplement state funding to begin to create a free ten-month public school. In 1900, a massive school building (alleged to be the largest wooden-frame structure in the state, with its two stories and three wings) was built. That building was lost by fire in 1931, and a brick school was built that continues as the high school. The Lonoke Colored School began around 1878 with classes through the eighth grade. In 1945, the name became the George Washington Carver School when it expanded its curriculum through high school. The schools integrated in 1970, with Carver school continuing as the middle school. In 2004, citizens voted and passed a bond issue to build a new Lonoke Middle School and gymnasium.
Academics
Lonoke High School is accredited by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE) and has been accredited by AdvancED since 1926. The assumed course of study follows the Smart Core curriculum developed by the ADE. Students complete regular (core and elective) and career focus coursework and exams and may take Advanced Placement (AP) courses and exams with the opportunity to receive college credit.
Athletics
The Lonoke High School mascot and athletic emblem is the fighting jackrabbit with purple and white serving as the school colors.
The Lonoke Jackrabbits compete in interscholastic activities within the 4A Classification via the 4A Region 2 Conference as administered by the Arkansas Activities Association. The Jackrabbits participate in football, volleyball, golf (boys/girls), basketball (boys/girls), cheer, dance, baseball, softball, swimming (boys/girls), and track and field (boys/girls).
The Jackrabbits have won at least 16 state championships in its history, including:
Football: The Lonoke football won its classification's 1994 state championship.
Golf: The boys golf teams have won two state championships (1994, 1998). With individual Golf State titles in (1993 & 1994).
Basketball: The boys basketball teams have won five state championships (1969, 1982, 1999, 2000, 2008). The girls team won its only championship in 1977.
Baseball: The Jackrabbits baseball team won its sole state championship in 1969.
Track and field: The boys track and field team won the state's first championship in 1920 and have won six titles in its history (1920, 1923, 1936, 1941, 1957, 1990).
Notable alumni
The following are notable people associated with Lonoke High School (graduation year in parentheses).
Maurice Britt – recipient of the Medal of Honor; Arkansas Lt. Governor and former NFL player
Ed Hamm (1925) – athlete; gold medalist in the long jump at the 1928 Summer Olympics and former world high school record holder in long jump
Zakee Wadood (2000) – professional basketball player
References
External links
1879 establishments in Arkansas
Educational institutions established in 1879
Public high schools in Arkansas
Schools in Lonoke County, Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Lonoke, Arkansas
"You're My Thrill" is a 1933 popular song, composed by Jay Gorney, with lyrics by Sidney Clare. It was introduced in the film Jimmy and Sally (1933).
Recorded versions
Ward Silloway (1933)
Al Bowlly with Lew Stone and His Band (1934)
Lena Horne with Charlie Barnet and his Orchestra (1941)
Mary Ann McCall with orchestra directed by Phil Moore (1948)
Doris Day with John Rarig & Orchestra for her album You're My Thrill (1949).
Billie Holiday (1950)
Julie London arranged and conducted by Russ Garcia – Make Love to Me (1956)
Peggy Lee – Black Coffee (1956), Moments Like This (1993)
Wilbur Ware – This Is New (1957)
Harry James – arranged by J. Hill – Harry's Choice (1958) (Capitol Records – ST 1093)
Pepper Adams – 10 to 4 at the Five Spot (1958)
Marti Barris (1959)
Max Roach with Abbey Lincoln (1959) (on The Complete Mercury Max Roach Plus Four Sessions, released 2000)
Ella Fitzgerald – Clap Hands, Here Comes Charlie! (1961)
Nat "King" Cole - recorded on November 12, 1958 and later released on a compilation album. The Unforgettable Nat King Cole Sings the Great Songs (1966).
Abbey Lincoln – Talking to the Sun (1983)
Chet Baker – Chet Baker Sings and Plays from the Film Let's Get Lost (1988)
Shirley Horn – Softly (1988), You're My Thrill (2001)
Maria Muldaur – Jazzabelle (1995)
The Blackeyed Susans - Spin the Bottle (1997)
Robert Palmer with orchestra arranged and conducted by Clare Fischer – Don't Explain (1990) (reissued in 1992 on Ridin' High)
Joni Mitchell – Both Sides Now (2000)
Jeremy Steig – Flute on the Edge (2005)
Amel Larrieux – Lovely Standards (2007)
Holly Cole – Holly Cole (2007)
Diana Krall – Quiet Nights (2009)
Fourplay with Anita Baker – Let's Touch the Sky (2010)
Anjulie (2011)
Sylvia Brooks – Restless (2012)
Jamala – The Guide (2014)
Cécile McLorin Salvant — Dreams and Daggers'' (2017)
References
Lena Horne songs
1933 songs
Songs with lyrics by Sidney Clare
Songs with music by Jay Gorney
Kwai Hing Estate () is a public housing estate in Kwai Hing, Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong. It was built in the valley of Gin Drinkers Bay, later the town centre of Kwai Chung. Kwai Hing station is named after the name of the estate. It comprises 4 buildings with a total of 400 rental units (TPS units excluded) and 1 shopping arcade.
Kwai Chun Court () is a Home Ownership Scheme court in Kwai Chung, near Kwai Hing Estate. It has 3 blocks built in 1995.
Background
Before redevelopment, it consisted of 5 buildings which were completed between 1970 and 1972. In 1985, the Housing Authority announced that the strength of the concrete in blocks 3, 4 and 5 of Kwai Hing Estate were below standard. All the blocks were later demolished between 1988 and 1992 to cope with the estate redevelopment. The estate was later redeveloped with 5 buildings between 1991 and 1992. The estate joined the Tenants Purchase Scheme (TPS) in 2002 and is currently managed by the Owners' Corporation.
Houses
Kwai Hing Estate
Kwai Chun Court
Demographics
According to the 2016 by-census, Kwai Hing Estate had a population of 3,908 while Kwai Chun Court had a population of 3,045. Altogether the population amounts to 6,953.
Politics
Kwai Hing Estate and Kwai Chun Court are located in Kwai Hing constituency of the Kwai Tsing District Council. It is currently represented by Leung Chi-shing, who was elected in the 2019 elections.
See also
Public housing estates in Kwai Chung
References
Residential buildings completed in 1991
Residential buildings completed in 1992
Kwai Chung
Public housing estates in Hong Kong
Tenants Purchase Scheme
1991 establishments in Hong Kong
Karl Paranya (born June 27, 1975) was the first NCAA Division III track and field athlete to break 4 minutes for the mile. He did this in the spring of 1997, running 3:57.6 on Haverford College's outdoor track. Marcus O'Sullivan, one of three men ever to run over 100 sub-4 minute miles, paced Paranya in this record breaking run See the race on youtube.
Early life
Karl Paranya is from Unadilla, New York.
Record for men's 4x800 relay
On February 6, 2000, at the Boston Indoor Games, Paranya, along with Joey Woody, Rich Kenah and David Krummenacker set a current Indoor World Record in the men's 4x800-meter relay, posting a time of 7:13.94. This record cut nearly four seconds off the previous mark, held by the Soviet Union for nearly thirty years. At the date this addendum was written, Paranya's best time in the mile was 3:54.83 posted on May 30, 1999, in Eugene Oregon, the 225th fastest mile in history.
Olympics
He ran in the 1996 and 2000 United States Olympic Trials (track and field).
References
1975 births
Living people
American male middle-distance runners
Ali ibn Ahmad al-Madhara'i (died 897) was a member of the al-Madhara'i family of fiscal bureaucrats, serving as director of finances and vizier under the Tulunids of Egypt.
As its nisba shows, the family hailed from the village of Madharaya near Wasit in lower Iraq. Ali was a son of the founder of the family's fortunes, Abu Bakr Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Madhara'i. Educated in the traditions of the Abbasid bureaucracy at Samarra, Ali and his sons moved to Egypt, where in 879 Ahmad was appointed director of finances (‘āmil) by Ahmad ibn Tulun, the autonomous ruler of Egypt and later Syria. Ahmad held his post until his death in 884, and appointed Ali and his brother al-Husayn as his representatives in Egypt and Syria respectively. Ali succeeded his father in 884, serving as vizier to the new Tulunid ruler, Khumarawayh ibn Ahmad ibn Tulun, throughout the latter's reign (884–896). He continued in the post under Khumarawayh's underage successor, Jaysh ibn Khumarawayh, and was murdered on the same day as he in 897.
Ali's sons, Abu'l-Tayyib Ahmad (died 915), and Abu Bakr Muhammad, continued to occupy high office, Ahmad as fiscal director and Muhammad as vizier to the new Tulunid ruler, Harun ibn Khumarawayh. Muhammad was the longest-serving and last important representative of the family, surviving the Abbasid recovery of the Tulunid domains and going on to serve the Ikhshidid dynasty after 939.
References
Sources
9th-century births
897 deaths
Al-Madhara'i family
Egypt under the Abbasid Caliphate
Medieval Iraqi people
Tulunid officials
Viziers
A ground effect train is an alternative to a magnetic levitation (maglev) train. In both cases the objective is to prevent the vehicle from making contact with the ground. Whereas a maglev train accomplishes this through the use of magnetism, a ground effect train uses an air cushion; either in the manner of a hovercraft (as in hovertrains) or using the "wing-in-ground-effect" design.
Details
The advantages of a ground effect train over a maglev are lower cost due to simpler construction. Disadvantages include either constant input of energy to keep the train hovering (in the case of hovercraft-like vehicles) or the necessity to keep the vehicle moving for it to remain off the ground (in the case of wing-in-ground effect vehicles). Furthermore, these vehicles may be very drastically affected by wind, air turbulence, and weather. Whereas the magnetic levitation train can be built to operate in a vacuum to minimise air resistance, the ground effect train must operate in an atmosphere in order for the air cushion to exist.
Development work has been undertaken in several countries since the middle 20th century. No ground effect train has entered regular commercial service.
Yusuke Sugahara and his team of researchers at Tohoku University, in Sendai, Japan have developed the Aero-Train that uses wings attached to a fuselage to literally fly inches off the ground. Dubbed a “ground-effect vehicle” the train is designed to be completely powered by wind and solar energy — making this a true zero-carbon transportation system.
See also
Hyperloop
Aérotrain
Gravity train
Ground effect vehicle
High-speed rail
Hovercraft
Hovertrain
Maglev train
Transrapid 03
Tracked Hovercraft
References
Bastien, Stéphane, and Laframboise, M. Jacques (translation/adaptation) Aérotrain - The Aerotrain Story. Retrieved 7 January 2011.
Joseph George Ground Effect Vehicle, Physics-edu (private) website. . Retrieved 7 January 2011.
Kikuchi Satoshi (Inst. Of Fluid Sci., Tohoku Univ.), Watanabe Hideo (Inst. Of Fluid Sci., Tohoku Univ.), Ota Fukuo (Inst. Of Fluid Sci., Tohoku Univ.), Kawahara Susumu (Inst. Of Fluid Sci., Tohoku Univ.), Kohama Yasuaki (Inst. Of Fluid Sci., Tohoku Univ.). Dynamic Stability Control of Ground Effect Train, Nihon Kikai Gakkai Nenji Taikai Koen Ronbunshu, Japan, 2000, Vol.4, pp. 297–298, Journal Code:X0587B. (Japanese)
Shonner website Rohr Industries Aérotrain - The Rohr Aerotrain Tracked Air-Cushion Vehicle (TACV), Shonner.com website. Retrieved 7 January 2011.
Sleath, M. News In Science: Flying Trains, ABC Science website. Retrieved 7 January 2011.
External links
Aero-Train - A Japanese prototype, also called "Flow around Ground Effect Transport System (FGETS)"
Rohr Industries Aérotrain
Aero-Train Video
This Train Will Have Passengers Riding On Air
Emerging technologies
de:Luftkissenbahn
vi:Tàu đệm khí
John Snyder (January 29, 1793 – August 15, 1850) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
John Snyder was born in Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania. He served in the War of 1812 as captain of Selinsgrove Rifle Volunteers of the Pennsylvania Militia. He was connected with the Snyder Spring Oil Company and paper mills.
Snyder was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-seventh Congress. He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1842. He died in Selinsgrove in 1850. Interment in the New Lutheran Cemetery.
Sources
1793 births
1850 deaths
People from Pennsylvania in the War of 1812
American Lutherans
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Burials in Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
People from Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania
19th-century Lutherans
The Penja are a Muslim community found in the state of Punjab in India and the Punjab province of Pakistan. They are also known as Naddaf, and in Pakistan their preferred designation is Shaikh Mansoori.
Origin
The Penja like many communities in India have acquired their name from their traditional occupation. In the case of the Penja, they were and many still are cotton carders and produce a coarse thread. They are said to be by origin members of the Teli caste who formed an endogamous sub-group when they changed their occupation from oil pressing to cotton carding. Historically, the Penja community was concentrated in what is now Indian or East Punjab, which led to the migration of the majority of the community to Pakistan at the time of the partition of India in 1947. A rump community is still found in the districts Ropar, Patiala and Sangrur. In Pakistan, the community is found mainly in Faisalabad, Sahiwal, Khanewal and Toba Tek Singh districts, and prefers to be known as Shaikh Mansoori or sometimes just Shaikh. The Penja speak Punjabi, but most who are now settled in Pakistan also speak Urdu. They are entirely Sunni, and are now fairly orthodox.
Present circumstances
The Penja historically practiced the custom of clan exogamy. This practice has now been discontinued. Their larger clans referred to as biradarus include the Raunji, Dedan, Phapute, Jand, Harim, Sohatte, Ahre, Kamboh, Bedham, Male Hans, Behlim, Alimi, Bhatti, Chauhan, Panwar and Gill. The Penja are strictly endogamous, but there are occasional marriages with the Teli community.
Like most artisan castes, the Penja have seen a decline in their traditional occupation of cotton carding. With the spread of mechanized textile mills, the demand for their traditional coarse thread has disappeared. Many are now employed as agricultural labourers, with animal husbandry being an important subsidiary occupation. In India, the community has been granted Other Backward Class (OBC) status, which allows the community to avail benefits of the Government of India's affirmative action schemes.
See also
Mansoori
Pinjara
References
Social groups of Punjab, India
Social groups of Punjab, Pakistan
Punjabi tribes
Muslim communities of India
Shaikh clans
Harold Holmes may refer to:
People
Harold Holmes (boxer), British boxer in the 1908 Summer Olympics
Harold Holmes (rugby league)
Harold Holmes, architect of Ankeny Building
Harold Holmes (political candidate), see Electoral results for the Division of Bass
Other uses
Harold Holmes Library
See also
Harry Holmes (disambiguation)
Harry (disambiguation)
Holmes (disambiguation)
Hal Holmes (1902–1977), U.S. Representative from Washington
Catherine Walsh or Katherine Walsh may refer to:
Catherine Walsh (poet) (born 1964), Irish poet
Catherine Walsh (athlete) (active since 1992), Irish Paralympian athlete
Catherine Walsh (actress), (born 1970), Irish actress
Katherine Walsh (politician) (elected 1988), former member of the Ohio House of Representatives
Katherine Walsh (actress) (1947–1970), American actress
See also
Kathy Walsh (disambiguation)
Kate Walsh (disambiguation)
Joseph Armitage Robinson (9 January 1858 – 7 May 1933) was a priest in the Church of England and scholar. He was successively Dean of Westminster (1902–1911) and of Wells (1911–1933).
Biography
Robinson was born the son of a poor vicar in Keynsham, and was educated at Liverpool College and Christ's College, Cambridge, of which he became a fellow. He was ordained deacon in the Diocese of Ely in 1881, and priest in 1882, when he was Fellow. After a BA degree in 1881, he received his MA degree in 1884, was made Bachelor of Divinity (BD) in 1891, and Doctor of Divinity (DD) in 1896.
His first ecclesiastical posting was a domestic chaplain to Joseph Lightfoot, Bishop of Durham from 1883 to 1884, following which he was curated of Great St. Mary, Cambridge until 1886, then a Cambridge Whitehall preacher from 1886 to 1888. That year he was appointed examining chaplain to the Bishop of Bath and Wells and vicar of All Saints' Church, Cambridge where he stayed from 1888 until 1892. He was also a dean of Christ's College, Cambridge, from 1884 to 1890. In 1893 he was appointed Norrisian professor of Divinity at Cambridge University, serving as such until 1899, during which he was also a prebendary of Wells Cathedral. He served as rector of St Margaret's, Westminster 1899–1900, and was appointed a canon of Westminster in 1899, serving until his appointment as dean.
In January 1902 he was appointed a Chaplain-in-Ordinary to King Edward VII. The Dean of Westminster, George Granville Bradley, was severely ill throughout most of 1902, but wanted to stay in the position until the coronation of the King in August. Bradley resigned the following month, and the King appointed Robinson Dean of Westminster in early October, followed by a formal installation in Westminster Abbey on 28 October 1902. As Dean of Westminster, he was in November 1902 appointed Acting Chaplain to the Queen's Westminsters, the largest volunteer corps in London.
Robinson was Lord High Almoner from 1906 to 1933.
He served at Westminster until he was appointed Dean of Wells in 1911. It has been suggested that the move to Wells was arranged to avoid friction in the run-up to the coronation of George V.
As Dean of Wells Robinson enjoyed close links with Downside Abbey. He also critically explored the origins of the Glastonbury legends to which the Glastonbury Festival had revived attention. A renowned scholar in patristics (he was particularly known for his work on the Lausiac History and for having been the first person to translate into English the newly discovered work by Irenaeus The Demonstration of the Apostolic Preaching), Armitage Robinson was a participant in the bilateral Anglican-Roman Catholic Malines Conversations.
He held honorary doctorates from Göttingen (Hon Ph.D., 1893) and Halle (Hon. D.Theol., 1894).
He was appointed Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order (KCVO) in 1932, and died at Upton Noble, Somerset, on 7 May 1933 aged 75.
Works
Encyclopaedia Biblica (contributor), 1903.
St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians, A revised text and translation with exposition and notes London 1903, Second Edition 1904.
The Lausiac History of Palladius (Texts and Studies, vol. vi),Cambridge 1904.
(with Cuthbert Butler) The Lausiac History of Palladius, 1918.
The Demonstration of the Apostolic Preaching (translated from the Armenian with introduction and notes), 1920
The Saxon Bishops of Wells, London, 1919.
Somerset Historical Essays, Oxford,1921.
The Times of St. Dunstan, Oxford, 1923.
Two Glastonbury Legends: King Arthur and Joseph of Arimathaea, Cambridge 1926. Reprinted in 2010 by Kessinger Publishing, LLC.
References
External links
1858 births
1933 deaths
Deans of Westminster
Deans of Wells
Church of England deans
Canons of Westminster
People educated at Liverpool College
Alumni of Christ's College, Cambridge
Fellows of Christ's College, Cambridge
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Arthurian scholars
Norrisian Professors of Divinity
Fellows of the British Academy
The A. J. Borden Building is a historic commercial building located at 91–111 South Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
Description and history
It was built in 1889 by Andrew Jackson Borden and designed by Fall River architect Joseph M. Darling, who also notably designed several schools in the city.
After Borden's murder in 1892, the building was occupied by various businesses and owned by his daughter, Lizzie Borden until her death in 1927. The JJ Newbury dime store later occupied the building from 1931 into the early 1980s when it was acquired by Aetna Insurance Company. Today, it is occupied by the Travelers of Massachusetts insurance company.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 16, 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
Corky Row Historic District
References
Buildings and structures in Fall River, Massachusetts
Office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Office buildings completed in 1889
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
1889 establishments in Massachusetts
The Gbidukor Festival is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of Gbi in the Volta Region of Ghana. It is usually celebrated in the month of November. It is claimed the festival rotates between Hohoe and Peki.
Celebrations
During the festival, there is pomp and pageantry. The chiefs are carried in palanquins whiles there is drumming and singing. There is also the initiation of new development projects.
Significance
The festival is celebrated to mark the exploits of the ancestors of the Gbi-Ewes. It also marks the period of family re-unions and the attraction of people both far and near.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Volta Region
Simalkot is a small village located in the Gangolihat tehsil of Pithoragarh district, Uttarakhand, India.
Demographics
No. of households : 56
Total population : 275
Population- Male : 129
Population- Female : 146
Sex ratio : 1132 (females per 1000 males)
Literacy rate : 99.9%
Male Literacy rate : 99.9%
Female Literacy rate : 99.9%
Photo Source: Census of India 2001
Gallery
References
External links
Simal Kote
Villages in Pithoragarh district
Marko Rajić (; born 30 July 1991) is a Serbian football forward who plays for OFK Žarkovo.
References
External links
Marko Rajić stats at footballdatabase.eu
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pula
Association football forwards
Serbian footballers
FK Čukarički players
FK Sopot players
OFK Mladenovac players
FK Teleoptik players
FK Sinđelić Beograd players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriates in Hungary
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Budapest Honvéd FC II players
Serbian expatriates in Malta
Expatriate footballers in Malta
Hibernians F.C. players
FK Bežanija players
OFK Žarkovo players
Serbian First League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serbs of Croatia
Cedric De Troetsel (born 8 July 1988) is a Belgian retired football defender.
Career
Before his time with K Rupel Boom FC, Cedric De Troetsel played for SK Lierse.
After a spell with Belgian First Division club FC Brussels, Cedric joined K. Rupel Boom FC in 2008.
Amongst the fans, De Troetsel is affectionately known as "Jeromeke", because of his relentless defending and never giving up.
International career
De Troetsel was part of the national -16 and -21 teams.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Belgian footballers
Lierse S.K. players
R.S.C. Anderlecht players
K. Rupel Boom F.C. players
R.W.D.M. Brussels F.C. players
Association football defenders
Belle Vue is a multi-purpose stadium in Rhyl, Wales. It is used mostly for football matches, and is the home ground of C.P.D. Y Rhyl 1879 . The stadium holds 3,000 people, with a seating capacity of 1,720.
The stadium has occasionally hosted youth-level international football matches, including an under-16s match between Wales and Scotland. Recently, as a UEFA Category 2 stadium, it has hosted home European matches of other Welsh clubs whose home grounds did not meet the Category 2 requirements, including those of Bala Town and Connah's Quay Nomads.
Domestically it has hosted the Welsh Cup final once in 1962 and the Welsh League Cup once in 2003.
The stadium has 400 seats from the 'Gene Kelly stand' temporary structure at Manchester City's former ground Maine Road.
Stands
Belle Vue has four stands, with three out of the four sides of the ground being covered. The Arriva and Don Spendlove Stand make up the largest stand at Belle Vue, and it is here where the changing rooms and officials' room are housed. Opposite This is the George James Stand which is used to accommodate away supporters when fan segregation is in place. Behind one goal is the NWPS Stand which is all seated, and at the other the Grange Road End, which has an open seating area in the middle and unused terraces to the sides.
The George James Stand runs down one side of the pitch. It accommodates away fans and holds the TV gantry as well as the Police Control Unit.
References
Rhyl F.C.
Football venues in Wales
Stadiums in Wales
Welsh Cup final venues
Multi-purpose stadiums in the United Kingdom
Rhyl
Sports venues completed in 1892
is a type of Japanese pottery traditionally from Hasami, Nagasaki prefecture. Originally produced for common people, Hasami porcelain has a history of 400 years.
In 1599, when the Korean potter Yi Sam-pyeong was brought to Japan by the feudal lord of the Ōmura clan, Ōmura Yoshiaki(大村喜前Ōmura Yoshiaki) after the Japanese Invasion of Korea, manufacturers in Hatanohara, Furusaraya, Yamanita and Hasami began the construction of climbing kilns and pottery centers.
Typical Hasami porcelain uses underglaze cobalt blue and celadon, but at first they produced stonewares. Later the materials for porcelain were found, so gradually they started to make porcelain. They eventually became a specialty product in Omura Domain, where they produced the biggest quantity of porcelain in the country in the latter Edo period.
Omura Domain established a Sarayama public office to manage and put more effort to manufacturing Hasami porcelain. Most of their products are for the daily usage such as Kurawanka-wan. It is one of the most well-known Hasami porcelain, which is a strong, heavy and simple bowl of arabesque design for common people. Hasami porcelain gave a strong influence on food culture at that time.
Hasami porcelains are produced in the huge climbing kiln and because of its economical prices, spread around the country and eventually all over the world. The remains of kilns found around the town tell us the historic aspects of Hasami porcelain.
The manufacturers today are trying to develop new techniques to produce quality daily dishes while keeping on its tradition cultivated with “stone and fire”.
References
External links
http://www.hasamiyaki.or.jp/
Culture in Nagasaki Prefecture
Japanese pottery
Japanese porcelain
Owamni is a Native American restaurant in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Owamni's concept focuses on a decolonized menu, meaning all of the dishes are made from indigenous ingredients, such as game, corn, and wild plants. The menu does not feature any butter, dairy, sugar, wheat, chicken, beef, or pork.
History
Owamni opened on July 19, 2021. It is located in Mill Ruins Park, near St. Anthony Falls. The name Owamni derives from the Dakota name Owámniyomni for St. Anthony Falls, which roughly translates to "place of the falling, swirling water." The restaurant is co-owned by Dana Thompson and Sean Sherman, who is also the head chef.
Owamni won the James Beard Foundation Award for Best New Restaurant in 2022.
See also
Indigenous cuisine of the Americas
References
Culture of Minneapolis
James Beard Foundation Award winners
Native American cuisine
Restaurants in Minnesota
The 1970 Copa Libertadores Finals were the two-legged final that decided the winner of the 1970 Copa Libertadores, the 11th edition of the Copa Libertadores de América, South America's premier international club football tournament organized by CONMEBOL.
The finals were contested in two-legged home-and-away format between Argentine team Estudiantes de La Plata
and Uruguayan team Peñarol. The first leg was hosted by Estudiantes in Estudiantes Stadium in La Plata on May 21, 1970, while the second leg was held in Estadio Centenario of Montevideo on May 27, 1970.
Estudiantes won the series 1-0 on aggregate, winning their 3rd title consecutive of Copa Libertadores.
Qualified teams
Stadiums
Match details
First leg
Second leg
References
1970
1
l
l
1970 in Uruguayan football
1970 in Argentine football
Football in Buenos Aires Province
Football in Montevideo
Eilema alluaudi is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1968. It is found on Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1968
alluaudi
Hypocosmia pyrochroma is a species of snout moth in the genus Hypocosmia. It was described by E. Dukinfield Jones in 1912 and is known from Argentina and Brazil.
This species has also been released in Australia and South Africa for biological control of cat's claw creeper (Dolichandra unguis-cati (L.) L.G.Lohmann).
References
Moths described in 1912
Chrysauginae
Lepidoptera used as pest control agents
The Pusher film trilogy by the Danish film director Nicolas Winding Refn illustrates and explore the violent criminal underworld of Copenhagen in gritty realism. The films have been highly praised by critics and hold respective scores of 83%, 100% and 93% on Rotten Tomatoes.
Each film is led by a different lead character; Frank (Kim Bodnia), a mid-level drug dealer in the first, his friend and associate Tonny (Mads Mikkelsen), in the second, and their boss Milo (Zlatko Burić), a Serbian gang leader, in the third. Milo is the only character to appear in all three films.
Films
Pusher (1996)
The first film follows Frank for a week, a mid-level drug dealer who becomes indebted to his supplier, Milo. It depicts his depravity and how his actions force him further and further out on thin ice while revealing the bittersweet relationship he has with his girlfriend, Vic.
The movie was a success, not only in Denmark, but internationally, and launched both Refn's and Mads Mikkelsen's careers.
Pusher II (2004)
The second film follows Frank's low-level criminal sidekick, Tonny. It illustrates how Tonny is rooted in an evil spiral of crime and drugs, his relationship towards his notorious, cynical father and how he adapts to the consequence of being a father himself. According to film critic Robert Abele of the Los Angeles Times "in Refn's skilled street-realist hands, the child becomes a potent, wailing metaphor for Tonny's own dilemma of rudderless need."
Pusher 3 (2005)
The third film depicts a day in the life of Serbian drug lord Milo. Milo, who was a feared and respected man in the first two movies, has since aged. He does not have the same grip on the underworld that he used to and is now slowly losing the battle against a younger generation of immigrants, who now want a piece of the action. The film shows Milo's downfall and his desperate attempt to reclaim the throne.
Main characters
Pusher: Frank (Kim Bodnia), a mid-level drug dealer.
Pusher, Pusher 2: Tonny (Mads Mikkelsen), Frank's troubled and impulsive punk-rock friend.
Pusher, Pusher 2, Pusher 3: Milo (Zlatko Buric), a Serbo-Danish gang leader, ruler of the Copenhagen underworld, and the only character to appear in all three films.
Reviews
Writing for The New York Times, critic Nathan Lee said of the trilogy: "From the mean streets of Copenhagen—they evidently exist—comes the Pusher trilogy, a pungent dose of Denmark rot. Written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn, this tough trio of underworld thrillers sticks so close to its rogues' gallery of gangsters, suckers and murderous megalomaniacs that you can almost taste the hate and smell the stomach wounds. Given an appetite for grisly crime flicks, they make for a delectably nasty epic."
References
External links
Films directed by Nicolas Winding Refn
Gangster films
Films about organized crime in Denmark
Films about the illegal drug trade
Danish film series
Films about the Serbian Mafia
Trilogies
Vega de Liébana is a municipality in the province and autonomous community of Cantabria, northern Spain.
See also
Pico Jano
References
External links
Official website of the municipality
Municipalities in Cantabria
Morgenster ("Morning Star" in the Dutch language) may refer to:
Morgenster, Aruba, a village on the island of Aruba in the Caribbean
Morgenster (ship), a Dutch registered sail training ship
The Morgenster mission station near the town of Masvingo, Zimbabwe
The Morgenster residential area of Brackenfell in the Western Cape, South Africa
See also
Morgenstern (disambiguation)
Morning Star (disambiguation)
San Domingo is one of the former names of Hispaniola.
San Domingo may also refer to:
San Domingo (film), a 1970 West German drama film
Santo Domingo Rebellion, a title sometimes used to refer to the Haitian Revolution (1791–1804)
San Domingo School, a historic school building located in Maryland, USA
San Domingo or Ruins of San Domingo, a settlement of the Portuguese in the Gambia, West Africa; see History of the Gambia
Fort San Domingo, a former Spanish fort in Taipei County, Taiwan, today the Tamsui District
, a 74-gun warship launched in 1809 and sold in 1816
HMS San Domingo, a planned Battle-class destroyer laid down in 1944 and then cancelled in 1945
See also
Domingo (name), a surname and given name
Il furioso all'isola di San Domingo
Saint Dominic, patron saint in which name is derived
Santo Domingo (disambiguation)
São Domingos (disambiguation)
Domingo (disambiguation)
The National Committee of the Chinese Machinery, Metallurgical and Building Material Workers' Union is a national industrial union of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions in the People's Republic of China.
External links
basic info from the ACFTU
National industrial unions (China)
Manufacturing trade unions
Vivian Cherry (July 27, 1920 – March 4, 2019) was an American photographer best known for her street photography. She was a member of the New York Photo League.
Early life
Vivian Cherry was born in Manhattan on July 27, 1920, and grew up in the Bronx, New York. Her parents, Sasha and Ida (Agranovitch) Cherry, were Russian Jewish immigrants. Her father anglicized his name to Sam after arriving in the United States, and found work as a house painter. Her mother was a homemaker.
Cherry's earliest ambition was to become a dancer. She studied dance at the Denishawn School in the Bronx before attending Walton High School.
Career
After a short stint at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, Cherry began dancing professionally. She performed with the Helen Tamiris Dance Company; in nightclubs like La Conga and Le Bal Tabarin; in the Lunch Hour Follies, a wartime entertainment put on by the American Theater Wing; and the Broadway musical Sadie Thompson.
When a knee injury put her dance career on hold, Cherry found work at a photography lab for the news service Underwood & Underwood. As she mastered the technical elements of the darkroom, she became more and more curious about the photographers who took the images she processed. She bought a Graflex camera and went out to take pictures of her own. Cherry returned to Broadway once more, to dance in the 1945 revival of Showboat, but when that musical closed she decided to pursue a career in photography full time.
Vivian Cherry joined the Photo League cooperative in 1946. She met the photographer and teacher Sid Grossman through the League; he would become her mentor. In the 1940s and 1950s, she licensed photographs to magazines like Collier's, Life, Look, Ebony, and Popular Photography. She documented ordinary people amid the swirl of city life; one of her best-known photo series is of commuters traveling to and from work on the Third Avenue El. That series is bookended by a later one showing men at work dismantling that train line in 1955.
Cherry also traveled outside of New York City for her photo essays, including a pair that focused on issues of healthcare among the Navajo and Pueblo nations and among West Virginia coal miners. Her photography was inspired by the documentary work of Dorothea Lange, Helen Levitt, and Paul Strand.
Like Helen Levitt, she frequently photographed children at play on the streets of New York City. One of these photographs, Playing Lynched, East Harlem, New York (1947), was taken when Cherry witnessed a group of children playing a game that reenacted, in pantomime, the scene of a lynching. The image illustrates the pervasive effects of racial terror in the United States, a theme that was of great concern to the leftist Cherry and her colleagues at the Photo League. Its composition references the photo postcards of lynchings that circulated in the United States at that time, creating a disturbing contrast with the actual subject of the photograph, a Black child playing a game. Although it is now one of her most prominent works, at the time Cherry could not immediately find a publisher for this photograph and others from the same series – when she submitted them to McCall's, the magazine rejected them. In 1948, her larger series "Game of Guns" looking at violence and children's play was published in the French magazine Regards; it wasn't published in the US until 1952.
Vivian Cherry took a long hiatus from photography beginning in the early 1960s. For about 25 years, she focused on jewelry-making as an artistic pursuit, while working as an X-ray technician alongside her husband Dr. Louis Finger. When she returned to photography in the late 1980s, she began working for the first time in color, including on a series of photographs of people with tattoos. By the early 2000s she had returned to her signature black-and-white film.
Cherry continued shooting street photography into her eighties. She was injured while photographing an anti-war protest in Manhattan – crushed by the crowd, she broke her hip, a wrist, and several ribs. Speaking of this event, she later said "I wasn't as fast as I used to be."
Publications
Helluva Town: New York in the 1940s and 50s. New York: powerHouse, 2008. . With a text by Barbara Head Millstein.
Vivian Cherry's New York. New York: powerHouse, 2010. . With an essay by Julia Van Haaften.
Collections
Cherry's work is held in the following permanent collections:
Museum of Modern Art, New York: 4 prints (as of December 2019)
Brooklyn Museum, Brooklyn, NY: 25 prints (as of December 2019)
International Center of Photography, New York: 3 prints (as of December 2019)
The Jewish Museum, New York: 3 prints
National Portrait Gallery, Washington DC: 1 print
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
Vivian Cherry: a Working Street Photographer, 1940s–1990s, Brooklyn Museum, Brooklyn, NY, 2000
Group exhibitions
Life of the City, Museum of Modern Art, New York, 2002
Photography Collection: Rotation 4, Museum of Modern Art, New York, 2006–2007
Personal life
Vivian Cherry was married four times; three of the marriages ended in divorce. She had one son, Steven Schmidt.
She died in Albuquerque, NM on March 4, 2019. She was 98 years old.
References
External links
Street photographers
20th-century American photographers
Queens College, City University of New York alumni
1920 births
2019 deaths
American women photographers
People from Manhattan
20th-century women photographers
20th-century American women artists
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
21st-century American women
Ellavina Tsosie Perkins (born 1940) is an independent linguist and scholar of the Navajo language.
She was a student of the late MIT linguistics professor Ken Hale. She received her Ph.D. from the University of Arizona; her dissertation dealt with word order and lexical scope in Navajo.
Perkins is on the board of directors of the Navajo Language Academy, under the auspices of which she is currently collaborating with Theodore B. Fernald on the Navajo Grammar Project, which aims to produce a reference grammar of the Navajo Language.
The project received a major grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities
References
Native American linguists
University of Arizona alumni
Living people
1940 births
Linguists from the United States
The Departmental Council of Corrèze (French: Conseil départemental de la Corrèze), formerly the General Council of Corrèze (Conseil général de la Corrèze, until 2015), is the departmental council of Corrèze, Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France. It was presided over by François Hollande from 2008 to 2012, who departed from this position when he took office as the President of France on 15 May 2012. It includes 38 members, known as departmental councillors (conseillers départementaux) or general councillors (conseillers généraux) until 2015.
Composition
The assembly of Departmental Council of Correze is made up of a President, seven vice presidents and thirty departmental councillors with the later two groups representing various cantons of the Correze. Two departmental councillors from each canton are elected for six years by a two-round majority vote.
Seats
By party
By political groups
List of presidents
Current membership
Canton of Argentat : François Bretin (PCF)
Canton of Ayen : Gérard Bonnet (PS)
Canton of Beaulieu sur Dordogne : Jacques Descargues (PS)
Canton of Beynat : Pascal Coste (UMP)
Canton of Bort Les-Orgues : Jean-Pierre Dupont (UMP)
Canton of Bugeat : Christophe Petit (UMP)
Canton of Brive-la-Gaillarde (Centre) : Frédéric Soulier (UMP)
Canton of Brive-la-Gaillarde (North East) : Claude Nougein (UMP)
Canton of Brive-la-Gaillarde (North West) : Michel Da Cunha (PS)
Canton of Brive-la-Gaillarde (South East) : Jean-Claude Chauvignat (EELV)
Canton of Brive-la-Gaillarde (South West) : Alain Vacher (PCF)
Canton of Corrèze : Bernadette Chirac (UMP)
Canton of Donzenac : Gilbert Fronty (PS)
Canton of Eygurande : Alain Ballay (PS)
Canton of Egletons : Michel Paillassou (UMP)
Canton of Juillac : Jean-Claude Yardin (PS)
Canton of Lubersac : Jean-Pierre Decaie (DVD)
Canton of La Roche Canillac : Bernard Combes (PS)
Canton of Larche : Jean-Jacques Delpech (UMP)
Canton of Lapleau : Bertrand Chassagnard (UMP)
Canton of Malemort sur Corrèze : Robert Penalva (PS)
Canton of Mercoeur : Lucien Delpeuch (UMP)
Canton of Meymac : Jean-Pierre Audy (UMP)
Canton of Meyssac : Henri Salvant (UMP)
Canton of Neuvic : Henri Roy (DVG)
Canton of Saint Privat : Serge Galliez (UMP)
Canton of Seilhac : Noël Martinie (PS)
Canton of Sornac : Pierre Coutaud (DVG)
Canton of Tulle (South campaign) : Roger Chassagnard (PS)
Canton of Tulle (North campaign) : Jean-Claude Peyramard (PS)
Canton of Tulle (South Urban) : Dominique Grador (PCF)
Canton of Tulle (North Urban) : Pierre Diederichs (PS)
Canton of Treignac : Daniel Chasseing (DVD)
Canton of Ussel (East) : Daniel Delpy (UMP)
Canton of Ussel (West) : Christophe Arfeuillere (UMP)
Canton of Uzerche : Sophie Dessus (PS)
Canton of Vigeois : François Hollande - President (PS)
Last elections
2008 French cantonal elections
2011 French cantonal elections
External links
Corrèze General Council official website
Corrèze
Departmental councils (France)
Pasqual Handi Kamindu Dilanka Mendis (born 30 September 1998), popularly as Kamindu Mendis, is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for the national team, and for Colombo Cricket Club in domestic cricket. He is an ambidextrous bowler and has bowled both right and left-arm deliveries during the same over. He made his international debut for the Sri Lanka cricket team in October 2018.
Early and domestic career
Mendis started bowling with both arms at the age of 13, while playing cricket for Richmond College, Galle. He made his List A debut alongside Charith Asalanka on 30 November 2015 in the AIA Premier Limited Over Tournament.
The following month, he was named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2016 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. He was named as the Under-19 captain in December 2016 and captained the Sri Lankan squad for the 2018 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
He was named in Colombo's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament and the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament, before being named in the squad the 2018 SLC T20 League. He made his Twenty20 debut for Colombo on 21 August 2018.
He made his first-class debut for Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club in the 2018–19 Premier League Tournament on 30 November 2018. In March 2019, he was named in Colombo's squad for the 2019 Super Provincial One Day Tournament. In December 2019, he was the leading wicket-taker in the 2019–20 Invitation Limited Over Tournament, with nineteen dismissals in eight matches.
In October 2020, he was drafted by the Kandy Tuskers for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League. In August 2021, he was named as the vice-captain of the SLC Greens team for the 2021 SLC Invitational T20 League tournament. In November 2021, he was selected to play for the Kandy Warriors following the players' draft for the 2021 Lanka Premier League. In July 2022, he was signed by the Kandy Falcons for the third edition of the Lanka Premier League.
International career
In August 2018, Sri Lanka Cricket named him in a preliminary squad of 31 players for the 2018 Asia Cup.
In October 2018, he was named in Sri Lanka's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for the one-off match against England. He made his T20I debut for Sri Lanka against England on 27 October 2018. He scored 24 runs in the match.
In December 2018, he was named in Sri Lanka team for the 2018 ACC Emerging Teams Asia Cup. In February 2019, he was named in Sri Lanka's One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against South Africa. He made his ODI debut for Sri Lanka against South Africa on 10 March 2019. In November 2019, he was named as the vice-captain of Sri Lanka's squad for the 2019 ACC Emerging Teams Asia Cup in Bangladesh. Later the same month, he was named as the vice-captain of Sri Lanka's squad for the men's cricket tournament at the 2019 South Asian Games. The Sri Lanka team won the silver medal, after they lost to Bangladesh by seven wickets in the final.
In September 2021, Mendis was named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup. In May 2022, he was named in Sri Lanka's Test squad for their series against Bangladesh. The following month, he was named in the Sri Lanka A squad for their matches against Australia A during Australia's tour of Sri Lanka. Later the same month, he was named in Sri Lanka's Test squad, also for their home series against Australia. He made his Test debut on 8 July 2022, for Sri Lanka against Australia. In the match, he scored his maiden Test fifty and made a match-winning partnership of 133-runs with centurion Dinesh Chandimal. Sri Lanka won the match by an innings and 39 runs, their first innings victory in Test cricket against Australia.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Test cricketers
Sri Lanka One Day International cricketers
Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers
Colombo Cricket Club cricketers
Galle Cricket Club cricketers
Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club cricketers
Sportspeople from Galle
South Asian Games silver medalists for Sri Lanka
South Asian Games medalists in cricket
Kandy Warriors cricketers
James Melville Fulton (1873–1940) was a composer, arranger, conductor, and music educator best known for composing marches. He is often associated with the traditional British melody Garry Owen which he arranged for band in 1903. His most recognized march is Associated Press, published in 1897. His more than 245 compositions include more than 144 marches (more than Sousa) as well as many waltzes, polkas, overtures, schottisches, reveries, and cakewalks.
Fulton was born in Washington, Pennsylvania and studied violin, cornet, euphonium, and tuba as a youth. He played cornet for orchestras and bands, eventually becoming the conductor of the Waite Dramatic Company Band and music director for the Hotel Rudolf in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Starting in 1899, Fulton led the American Band from Waterbury, Connecticut and changed its name to "Fulton's American Band." He would later organize his own music publishing company and serve as music director for Fenway Theatre in Boston. His was conductor for the Waltham Watch Company Band for 13 years. He died of a heart attack in Belmont, Massachusetts in 1940 while preparing the Belmont VFW Band for another state championship.
Family: Fulton was married to M Margaret Sprow on August 9, 1893, and had a daughter named Alga N Fulton (b.April 22, 1893). They divorced on March 6, 1903.
He married Edith Hoxie on May 2, 1904.
He married Catherine S. Fulton (?) (d.1971) and they are both buried in an unmarked grave at the Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge Massachusetts.
References
1873 births
1940 deaths
American male composers
American composers
American conductors (music)
American male conductors (music)
American bandleaders
The 1988 Brown Bears football team was an American football team that represented Brown University during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Brown went winless and finished last in the Ivy League.
In their fifth season under head coach John Rosenberg, the Bears compiled an 0–9–1 record and were outscored 285 to 125. Greg Kylish, George Pyne and L. Wood were the team captains.
The Bears' 0–6–1 conference record placed last in the Ivy League standings. They were outscored 196 to 91 by Ivy opponents.
Brown played its home games at Brown Stadium in Providence, Rhode Island.
Schedule
References
Brown
Brown Bears football seasons
Brown Bears football
Amizade () is a 2018 Indian Konkani-language action film written and directed by Aniket Arun Naik, and produced by Sachin Verlekar's Om Creative Film Works, in partnership with Bymistake Motion Pictures. It stars Konkani actors John D'Silva and Rajiv Hede and is the debut film of Siddhant Kanekar, Gaurav Pokle, Chetan Upadhay, Dhruv Sincro and Vaishnavi Pilankar. The film is about love and the journey of four good friends and their friendship. The film's trailer was launched at the Goa Marathi Film Festival in 2018, and its poster was released at the 48th International Film Festival of India by the then Chief Minister of Goa Manohar Parrikar. The film was released on 7 December 2018.
Cast
John D'Silva as Bebo
Siddhant Kanekar as Abhi
Gaurav Pokle as Siddhu
Dhruv Sincro as Ghodo
Vaishnavi Pilankar as Suzy
Rajiv Hede as D'Souza, the ruthless politician
Chetan Upadhay as Alwin D'Souza, the politician's brother
Production
Aniket Naik has been working in Mumbai's film industry since 2007, working on films like Ferrari Ki Sawaari, John Day, Hridayanath, many advertisements, and has even worked as the second assistant director for the Hollywood film Hidden. Making a Konkani film with this prior experience in filmmaking was thus a long time dream of his. Working on the script for nearly two years, he collaborated with producer Sachin Verlekar to make the film. Naik chose many amateur debutantes for the film and got them trained further before beginning the filming. The music for this movie is given by the music director duo Rithesh-Shridhar.
See also
Konkani cinema
Juze
References
External links
2018 films
Films set in Goa
Films shot in Goa
2010s Konkani-language films
United Nations Security Council resolution 675, adopted unanimously on 5 November 1990, after recalling resolutions 637 (1989) and 644 (1989), the Council endorsed a report by the Secretary-General and decided to extend the mandate of the United Nations Observer Group in Central America for a further six months until 7 May 1991.
The resolution noted the need to remain vigilant of the financial costs of the Observer Group, given the increased demand on United Nations peacekeeping forces. It also requested the Secretary-General to report back before the end of the current mandate on all aspects of the Observer Group.
See also
History of Central America
History of Nicaragua
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0675
History of Central America
Politics of Central America
History of Nicaragua
1990 in Nicaragua
0675
November 1990 events
The Zeppelin-Lindau CL.II was a German single-engine two-seat biplane with an all metal structure, built by Zeppelin-Lindau during World War I.
Design
The CL.I was an all-metal single-bay wire-braced biplane, with a stressed skin fuselage, and fabric covered flying surfaces and represented an intermediate step which would lead to the similar but smaller and more refined D.I.
Development
Following the failure of the CL.I to reach the specified altitude of , and its crash in February 1918 at Berlin Aldershof, the CL.Ia was built with a number of changes, which resulted in it being re-designated as the CL.II.
The CL.II had the chord of the top wings increased by and the top wing was raised, increasing the height from , while the rudder was redesigned to resolve the sole complaint from the test pilot.
The radiator in the CL.I had been located between the wing spars in the upper wing, offset to the pilot's right, however as the plumbing obstructed the pilot's view, and the radiator reduced the efficiency of the wings, it was relocated to the nose of the aircraft.
With the Zeppelin-Lindau CS.I monoplane and Zeppelin-Lindau D.I showing more promise, development of the CL.II was abandoned and the last test flight was made on 14 September 1918.
Specifications
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
1910s German aircraft
Biplanes
Aircraft first flown in 1918
Phil Hicks (born January 31, 1953) is an American former basketball player from Chicago, Illinois who played for three years at Tulane University, before being drafted by the Houston Rockets in the 1976 NBA draft. He played for the Rockets for only two games, before being traded to the Chicago Bulls. He was traded again at the end of the 1976-77 season to the Denver Nuggets, for whom he played for 20 games.
References
Profile —TheDraftReview.com
Profile —Basketball-Reference.com
1953 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Chicago
Chicago Bulls players
Denver Nuggets players
Houston Rockets draft picks
Houston Rockets players
Pallacanestro Virtus Roma players
Portland Trail Blazers draft picks
Power forwards (basketball)
Reims Champagne Basket players
Tulane Green Wave men's basketball players
The Abhira-Gupta Dynasty was a dynasty which existed in the Kathmandu Valley in modern-day Nepal. These Abhira-Guptas had overshadowed the Licchavi kings in the administration. Ravigupta, Bhaumagupta, Jishnugupta and Vishnugupta of Abhira-Gupta family controlled Kathmandu (Nepal) as de facto-ruler during many Lichchhavi kings.
Origin
The rulers of the Abhira-Gupta dynasty belonged to the Abhira tribe as was claimed by the mother of Bhaumagupta. Regmi has traced the history of Abhiras on the basis of Indian history. They were Abhiras is evident from the Inscription of Abhiri Gomini and Chronicles, in which 3 Abhira rulers named Visnugupta, Kishnugupta and Bhumigupta (Bhaumagupta) are mentioned. Abhiri Gomini's Inscription (dated around 540 A.D) evidently proves the presence of Abhiras during the same period when Licchavis kingdom was going through some political trouble (happened around starting 6th or Mid 6th Century) which is evident from Chronicles, MMK and Inscriptions. There was much debate among scholars on the terms Abhiri and Gomini. Almost all Nepalese scholars have argued that Bhaumagupta and his family belonged to the Abhira tribe but other scholars disagree with them and are of the opinion that the family of Virochanagupta didn't belong to the Abhira tribe. Historians like Thakur Prasad Verma are of the view that word "Abhira" here is associated with family name of mother of the Bhaumagupta and not with Bhaumagupta's father. So, it may be incorrect to conclude that the dynasty belongs to Abhira tribe or family. But scholars Like Bharavi And Harirama Joshi doesn't agree with Thakur Prasad Verma and believes that "Abhiri" means the wife of Abhira. And even according to Amarakosha the wife of Abhira is called Abhiri.
History
Early History
During the early Lichhavi period, the Abhiras, who had migrated from the Mathura region of Northern India before the fifth century A.D., occupied the position of ever increasing rank in the administration.
The Abhira-Guptas were high official at Lichchhavi court until they usurped royal position.
Ravigupta
Ravigupta, the descent of Abhira-Gupta family was the first Abhira ruler (Abhinayaka) of Nepal. However, the Lichhavi King Basantdeva was still respected by all. The Abhira ruler gradually usurped the powers of the Lichhavi king.
Pasupati inscription of Abhiri Gomini confirms that Anuprama was the pen-name of Ravigupta Gomi. Abhirigomini was mother of Bhaumagupta, she had established Anuparmeshware Shivalinga and donated land, money and ornaments to the guthi.
Bhaumagupta
Bhaumagupta's name first appears in A.D 540 inscribed on a Shivalinga conserected by his mother Abhiri Gomini in the memory of her deceased husband, Anuprama. Few years later in A.D 557, we find Bhaumagupta simultaneously enjoying the two of the highest governmental offices, Aide-de-camp (Mahapratihara) and Inspector General of Police (Sarvadandanayaka).
He was prime minister during the reign period of three Lichhavi kings, i.e. Ganadeva, Gangadeva and Sivadeva. His influence started during the reign of King Ganadeva and remain unchanged during the reign of King Gangdeva as well. The assuming of high title of Paramadaivataśri by Sarvadandanāyak Bhaumagupta reveals that the Licchavi rulers were being treated by him as no more than puppets.
Bhaumagupta was a de facto ruler until A.D 590, when King Sivadeva, the reigning Licchavi had, in fact, begun to assert his royal authority probably with the support of the Varman family.
The story of Abhira-Guptas family did not end with the illustrious Bhaumagupta, but continued with his descendants Jisnugupta and Vishnugupta. For after the hiatus during Amshuvarman's rule, circa A.D 605–621, when no Gupta or Gomin name is recorded, suddenly Bhaumagupta's grandson Jisnugupta, emerges as a forceful personality.
Jishnugupta
Udayadeva was overthrown by his younger brother Dhruvadeva with the help of Jishnugupta. This event must have taken place sometime around 624 A.D, since Udaydeva's inscription declaring him king is dated in the A.D 621. Three years later in year 624 A.D, Jishnugupta's first inscription appears and his usurption of throne is proven. Jishnugupta first appears as joint ruler with Dhruvadeva in A.D 624-25 and then with Bhimarjundeva from 633 to 635 A.D. He probably ruled alone for some period of time. Two inscription name him sole ruler and coins were struck in his name.
According to Kevalpur and Thankot inscription, Jishnugupta was grandson of Bhaumagupta and great-grandson of a person known as Managupta Gomi. He wielded power between A.D 624 and 637, was a de facto ruler, though he continued the fiction of Licchavi sovereignty by placing on the throne Dhruvadeva and Bhimarjundeva. Jishnugupta issued coins in his own name. He not only inherited the dominions but also continued the policy and tradition of previous de facto rulers.
The Kevalpur inscription of King Jisnugupta clearly mentions that organised towns and village units with self-government existed in Nepal during the rule of the forefathers of Manadeva I.
Manadeva also lived with inferior position like Dhruvadeva till Jishnugupta was alive. Jishnugupta and his son Vishnugupta used the succeeding Licchavi kings as their puppets and maintained absolute rule for a total period of 22 years.
Vishnugupta
Jishnugupta was succeeded by his son Vishnugupta. He enjoyed a brief reign and must have been ousted from the throne by Narendradeva, who restored the Licchavi dynasty in Nepal in A.D 643 with the help of Tibetan king.
List of Rulers
The rulers of the Abhira-Gupta dynasty include:
Ravigupta (532 A.D)
Bhaumagupta (567-590 A.D)
Jishnugupta (624-637 A.D)
Vishnugupta (638-643 A.D)
See also
Gopala Dynasty
Mahisapala dynasty
Licchavi (kingdom)
References
Ancient Nepal
Archaeology of Nepal
Dynasties of Nepal
Vinko Međimorec (born 1 June 1996) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a defender.
Club career
On 8 September 2020, Međimorec signed a 1+1 year contract with Azerbaijan Premier League side Gabala FK. On 22 June 2021, Gabala confirmed that Međimorec had left the club with the expiration of his contract.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Slaven Belupo
Croatian Cup runner-up: 2015–16
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Koprivnica
Croatian footballers
NK Slaven Belupo players
Croatian Football League players
Gabala FC players
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Liga I players
FC UTA Arad players
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Association football defenders
Dzhambolat Ilyich Tedeyev (; ) born 23 August 1968) is a former Russian-Ukrainian wrestler, who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics. He is the cousin of Elbrus Tedeyev.
He came in first at the 1990 Soviet Union nationals. European Champion 1993 in Istanbul, Turkey (90 kg). Also Tedeyev is head coach of Russian freestyle wrestling national team. Tedeyev is the youngest Russian coach ever.
References
1968 births
Living people
People from Tskhinvali
Olympic wrestlers of Ukraine
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Ukrainian male sport wrestlers
Russian male sport wrestlers
Ukrainian people of Ossetian descent
Russian people of Ossetian descent
Ossetian people
Honoured Coaches of Russia
Manis is a genus of South Asian and East Asian pangolins, the Asiatic pangolins, from subfamily Maninae, within family Manidae.
Etymology
Carl Linnaeus (1758) invented the Neo-Latin generic name Manis apparently as a feminine singular form of the Latin masculine plural Manes, the Ancient Roman name for a type of spirit, after the animal's strange appearance.
Taxonomy
Subfamily: Maninae (Asiatic pangolins)
Genus: Manis (Asiatic pangolins)
Manis crassicaudata (Indian pangolin)
Manis pentadactyla (Chinese pangolin)
Manis sp. (Scale_H4 & Scale_H8)
†Manis hungarica
†Manis lydekkeri
Subgenus: Paramanis
Manis culionensis (Philippine pangolin)
Manis javanica (Sunda pangolin)
†Manis palaeojavanica (Giant asian pangolin)
Phylogeny
Phylogenetic position of genus Manis within family Manidae.
References
Mammal genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Mammals of Asia
HyperCloud Memory (HCDIMM) is a DDR3 SDRAM dual in-line memory module (DIMM) used in server applications requiring a great deal of memory. It was initially launched in 2009 at the International Supercomputing Conference by Irvine, California, based company, Netlist Inc. It was never a JEDEC standard, and the main server vendors supporting it were IBM and Hewlett Packard Enterprise.
Technical
HCDIMM is a 240-pin, 72 bit-wide, load reduced, DDR3 SDRAM dual in-line memory module (DIMM). According to Cirrascale, "while LRDIMM requires a special BIOS configuration, HyperCloud provides seamless plug-and-play operation with past, current and future generations of Intel processors."
The logic function embedded into the register device and the isolation devices used on the HCDIMM performs rank multiplication and load reduction functions which allows the system to increase its performance and access high capacity memory modules. The register device "re-drives the command, address and clock signals" from the host memory controller to the DRAM chips and presents four physical ranks of memory as two virtual ranks to the memory controller on the processor.
Rank multiplication allows maximum memory densities on each server memory channel while the isolation device makes four DRAMs appear as one to the memory controller. This reduces the electrical load all while allowing high density DIMMs to run at high speeds. HCDIMM has a lower bit-to-bit data skew and latency due to its distributed architecture by having multiple isolation devices between the DRAM and data bus.
References
External links
Netlist HyperCloud Memory
Computer memory
Zavala District is a district of Inhambane Province in south-east Mozambique. Its principal town is Zavala. The district is located at the east of the province, and borders with Inharrime District in the north and with Manjacaze District of Gaza Province in the west. In the east and in the south, the district is bounded by the Indian Ocean. The area of the district is . It has a population of 139.616 as of 2007.
Geography
The rivers in the northern part of the district belong to the drainage basin of the Inharime River. Rivers in much of the south of the district drain into Lake Poolela.
The climate is tropical arid in the interior and tropical humid at the coast. The annual rainfall at the coast is around , and in the interior it varies between and .
History
Quissico was founded between 1914 and 1916 and was granted a town status during colonial times.
Demographics
As of 2005, 46% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 50% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Chopi. 53% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Zavala (two localities) and Zandamela (two localities).
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 30,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sweet potato, and rice.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes a stretch of the national road EN1, running along the coast. The total length of the roads in the district is .
References
Districts in Inhambane Province
Doans is an unincorporated community in Taylor Township, Greene County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
History
Doans took its name form Doans Creek. A post office was established at Doans in 1899, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1971.
Geography
Doans is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Gleno Dam was a multiple arch buttress dam on the Gleno Creek in the Valle di Scalve, northern Province of Bergamo, Italy. The dam was built between 1916 and 1923 with the purpose of producing hydroelectric power. The middle section of the dam collapsed on 1 December 1923, forty days after the reservoir was filled, causing widespread flooding that killed at least 356 people.
Construction
The dam was proposed and constructed by the Viganò company. A request to construct it was submitted in 1907 and construction began in 1916. In 1920, construction began on the foundation. In September of that year, local officials were warned that contractors were not using proper cement mortar. In 1921, because of lack of funding, the project design was changed from a gravity dam to a multiple-arch type. The revised design was approved: the multiple arch dam would be constructed on top of the gravity dam foundation.
By January 1923, the dam was 80% complete and by October 22, it was fully complete and its reservoir full after heavy rains. The dam's power plant had an installed capacity of 3,728 kW (3.7 MW).
Failure
At 6:30am on December 1, 1923, a buttress on the dam cracked and subsequently failed. Within minutes, an estimated of water gushed from the reservoir at an elevation of to the valley below. The village of Bueggio was flooded first, followed by a partial flooding of Dezzo, part of the municipality of Azzone, and complete flooding of Dezzo, a frazione of Colere and Corna di Darfo. The flood waters stopped when they reached Lake Iseo, which lies at an elevation of . At least 356 people were killed in the disaster.
Investigation
The dam was originally permitted as a gravity dam with a slight curvature, but was changed to a multiple arch dam by the client to save money.
The permit was not revised for this change until after the dam was completed. The failure of the multiple arch dam was attributed to many aspects of its construction, ultimately poor workmanship. The concrete in the arches was of a poor quality and it was reinforced with anti-grenade scrap netting that had been used during World War I.
There were also indications that the dam was poorly joined with its foundation. Additionally, the concrete was believed to not be completely cured when the reservoir was filling. Reportedly, workers who complained about the construction techniques were fired.
Legacy
The dam's failure was influential in the development of Italian dam design and risk assessment. As a result of the accident, multiple arch dams fell out of favour.
A much smaller dam was built spanning the gap left by the collapse, and is still in use today, creating a minor reservoir. A memorial at the site commemorates the tragedy.
References
External links
Gleno Dam History at Scalve.it (Italian and English)
Dam failures in Europe
Dams in Italy
1923 industrial disasters
Dams completed in 1923
Province of Bergamo
Hydroelectric power stations in Italy
1923 in Italy
The Dominion Building is a historic structure on the corner of Mercer Street and Victoria Street in Wellington, New Zealand. Originally designed as the headquarters of The Dominion newspaper, it now houses a mix of apartments, offices and retail areas.
A distinctive seven-storey building of some elegance, the Dominion has a frontage of stone imported from Caen in France and interiors of Queensland marble. The building follows the bend in the road. Its most striking feature is topped by a copper-covered tower with a lantern turret.
In the mid-1970s, The Dominion newspaper moved out of the building. The complex was redesigned by Ian Athfield in 1995.
The building is classified as a "Category 2" by Heritage New Zealand.
References
External links
The Dominion Building website
Listing on the New Zealand Heritage website
Buildings and structures in Wellington City
NZHPT Category II listings in the Wellington Region
1920s architecture in New Zealand
Torckler Rocks () are three small islands lying at the north side of the entrance to Heidemann Bay, Vestfold Hills. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37. Remapped from ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) air photos and named for R.M. Torckler, radio officer at Davis Station in 1959.
Islands of Princess Elizabeth Land
Molly Parker (born 30 June 1972) is a Canadian actress, writer, and director. She has had roles in independent films as well as television. Her accolades include two Genie Awards, one Independent Spirit Awards nomination, one Primetime Emmy Award nomination, and three nominations for the Screen Actors Guild Award.
A native of the Maple Ridge suburb of Vancouver, British Columbia, Parker began her career in Canadian film and television projects, and garnered critical attention for her portrayal of a necrophiliac medical student in the controversial drama Kissed (1996). She subsequently starred in the television thriller Intensity (1997) before landing her first major American film, the drama Waking the Dead (2000). She gained further critical attention for her role as a Las Vegas escort in Wayne Wang's low-budget drama The Center of the World (2001), for which she was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award for Best Lead Actress.
In the early 2000s, Parker had lead roles in several films, including Max (2002), Pure (also 2002), and Nine Lives (2005). Beginning in 2004, she starred as Alma Garret on the HBO Western series Deadwood, appearing in all three seasons. She subsequently appeared in the post-apocalyptic thriller The Road (2009), and the independent drama Trigger (2010). In 2011, she appeared as a recurring guest star in the sixth season of Dexter, before being cast as politician Jacqueline Sharp on the Netflix series House of Cards in 2014; she appeared in the role for three seasons, earning a Primetime Emmy nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series for her performance in the fourth season.
Parker's subsequent film roles include the drama American Pastoral (2016) and two Netflix-produced features: the crime drama Small Crimes, and the Stephen King adaptation 1922 (both 2017). She also starred in Errol Morris's docudrama miniseries Wormwood. From 2018 to 2021, she starred as Maureen Robinson in Lost in Space, a Netflix-produced remake of the 1965 TV series.
Biography
1972–1990: Early life
Parker was born 30 June 1972 in Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Canada, a suburb of Vancouver, and spent her childhood on a farm in Pitt Meadows. She has one younger brother, Henry. Parker's parents, whom she has described as "hippies," operated a seafood store. Parker trained in ballet from ages 3 to 17, and spent three years performing with the Royal Winnipeg Ballet Company.
She began acting in local productions at age 14. Her uncle's agent represented her early in her career, when she had parts in various Canadian television roles before studying with Vancouver's Gastown Actors' Studio.
1991–2001: Early work and breakthrough
In 1993, she had a supporting role in the Corey Haim-led teen comedy Just One of the Girls. She also appeared in the television thriller film The Substitute, in a supporting role. Parker portrayed Alice Ramsey in "The Wrath of Kali" (1995), a fourth-season episode of Highlander: The Series. She played the daughter of a lesbian military officer in the television film Serving in Silence (1995), opposite Glenn Close and Judy Davis. She also appeared in a minor role as a nurse in the Western Last of the Dogmen (1995), as well as the Lifetime holiday television film Ebbie (also 1995) playing the niece (and sister) of Susan Lucci's Scrooge character, in a modern retelling of Charles Dickens's A Christmas Carol. She then won a Gemini Award nomination for her performance in the Canadian television film Paris or Somewhere. The following year, Parker had her breakthrough portraying a necrophiliac medical student in Lynne Stopkewich's controversial film Kissed (1996). The film saw Parker win the Genie Award for Best Actress that year. Also in 1996, Parker appeared in an episode of the Canadian horror series Poltergeist: The Legacy, as well as Bruce McDonald's independent film Hard Core Logo, in which she portrayed an aspiring actress. In 1997, Parker starred as Chyna Shepard, a kidnap victim, in the television horror-thriller film Intensity, an adaptation of the Dean Koontz novel.
Beginning in 1998, she was cast in the surrealist Canadian sitcom Twitch City, which aired for two seasons. She subsequently appeared as a pregnant woman in Michael Winterbottom's Wonderland (1999), and in the historical drama Sunshine (also 1999), playing a Hungarian Jew during World War II. She also co-starred with Charlotte Gainsbourg and Nastassja Kinski in the Canadian-British thriller film The Intruder, about a woman who murders her husband's lover.
Parker's first major American film was the drama Waking the Dead (2000), in which she co-starred with Billy Crudup and Jennifer Connelly, playing the socialite girlfriend of a political candidate. The same year, Parker reunited with Lynne Stopkewich for the drama Suspicious River (2000) in which she portrayed a rape victim. For her performance, Parker was nominated for a Leo Award for Best Actress. She also starred in The War Bride (2001), which earned her a Genie Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress. The same year, Parker appeared in the low-budget independent film The Center of the World, directed by Wayne Wang, in which she starred as a stripper who accompanies a man (played by Peter Sarsgaard) on a weekend in Las Vegas for $10,000. Parker gained critical notice for the film, earning an Independent Spirit Award nomination for Best Female Lead.
2002–2009: Mainstream success
In 2002, Parker appeared opposite Keira Knightley in the drama film Pure, portraying a mother suffering from heroin addiction. The same year, she had a supporting role in the thriller Max, starring John Cusack and Noah Taylor, and also guest-starred in two episodes of the HBO series Six Feet Under, playing a rabbi. Also in 2002, Parker married her first husband, writer and director Matthew Bissonette, and was one of the executive producers of his debut feature film Looking for Leonard.
Parker starred opposite Christian Slater in the drama The Good Shepherd (2004). Derek Elley of Variety praised the performances, writing: "Slater and Parker make a sharp pair of leads, each handling their dialogue with crisp efficiency." The same year, she starred in the historical drama Iron Jawed Angels, opposite Hilary Swank and Frances O'Connor, which charts the lives of several suffragists, including Alice Paul and Lucy Burns.
Also in 2004, she was cast in the leading role of Alma Garret, a widow in the 1870s South Dakota, on the HBO Western series Deadwood. Parker portrayed the role for the series' three seasons, which saw a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for Best Ensemble in 2007. In October 2006, during the airing of Deadwoods final season, Parker gave birth to her first child, a son, William, in Los Angeles. During her tenure on Deadwood, Parker also worked in film, appearing in the drama Nine Lives (2005), an anthology film in which she starred opposite Holly Hunter, Stephen Dillane, and Jason Isaacs in a short about a feuding couple.
The following year, she appeared as a cultist in Neil LaBute's remake of The Wicker Man (2006). She also appeared in a supporting part in the period drama Hollywoodland, and the comedic drama Who Loves the Sun (also 2006), the latter of which was directed by Parker's then-husband, Matthew Bissonnette.
In 2008, Parker starred in the CBS show Swingtown, a 1970s-set relationship drama, which aired for one season. The following year, she guest-starred in one episode of Party Down, and subsequently appeared in a supporting role in the post-apocalyptic thriller The Road, playing a woman trying to survive after an apocalyptic event. In 2009, Parker separated from her husband, Bissonnette and later divorced.
2010–present: Television and other projects
In 2010, Parker starred in the Canadian police procedural Shattered, which also aired for a single season, and had a lead role in the independent drama Trigger, opposite Tracy Wright, in her final film appearance before her death. The following year, she had a guest-starring role on several episodes of the sixth season of the Showtime series Dexter. Parker followed this with more television work, starring as Abby McDeere on the thriller series The Firm (2012), an adaptation of the John Grisham 1991 novel and its 1993 film adaptation. Parker also appeared as Pauline Pfeiffer, second wife of Ernest Hemingway, in the Philip Kaufman-directed HBO television film Hemingway & Gellhorn (2012), starring opposite Clive Owen (as Hemingway) and Nicole Kidman (as Martha Gellhorn).
In 2014, she appeared as Congresswoman Jacqueline Sharp in the second season of the Netflix series House of Cards. Parker continued in the role in seasons 3 and 4. For her performance in the fourth season, Parker was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series. In early 2015, Parker appeared in a Toronto stage production of the Simon Stephens play Harper Regan. Parker was subsequently cast alongside Jamie Dornan, Sarah Gadon, and Aaron Paul in the supernatural thriller The 9th Life of Louis Drax (2016), directed by Alexandre Aja. Also in 2016, Parker co-starred in the Amazon Studios legal series Goliath, as well as Bruce McDonald's independent drama film Weirdos, for which she won the Vancouver Film Critics Circle Award for Best Supporting Actress and the Canadian Screen Award for Best Supporting Actress. She also had a supporting role as a therapist in Ewan McGregor's American Pastoral, based on the 1997 Philip Roth novel of the same name. In October 2016, Parker divorced her husband, Bissonnete, after a protracted seven-year separation.
In 2017, Parker appeared in three productions for Netflix: First, she starred opposite Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and Gary Cole in the crime film Small Crimes (2017), playing a nurse who becomes romantically involved with a former police officer. She also starred in the horror film 1922, a film adaptation of the Stephen King novella of the same name, playing the wife of a farmer in the 1920s Nebraska; this was followed with a lead role in Errol Morris's miniseries Wormwood, based on the life of scientist Frank Olson. The same year, Parker made her debut as a director and writer with the short film Birds, which premiered at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival, where it competed for the festival's Short Cuts award.
She co-starred in Josephine Decker's 2018 feature film Madeline's Madeline. Beginning in 2018, Parker appeared as Maureen Robinson in Lost in Space, the Netflix remake of the 1965 TV series. Parker reprised her role of Alma Garret for the HBO television film Deadwood: The Movie, released in May 2019. In March 2021, it was announced that she would be playing Mrs. Darling in Disney+'s Peter Pan & Wendy.
Filmography
Accolades
References
Sources
External links
Molly Parker profile, The Canadian Encyclopedia
1972 births
Living people
Actresses from British Columbia
Canadian film actresses
Canadian women film directors
Screenwriters from British Columbia
Canadian stage actresses
Canadian television actresses
Best Actress Genie and Canadian Screen Award winners
Best Supporting Actress Genie and Canadian Screen Award winners
Film directors from British Columbia
People from Maple Ridge, British Columbia
20th-century Canadian actresses
21st-century Canadian actresses
is a Japanese ski mountaineer.
Yokoyama finished third at the 2007 Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering and won Bronze.
References
External links
Minehiro Yokoyama at SkiMountaineering.org
Yokojama Minehhiro at Ameblo
1971 births
Living people
Japanese male ski mountaineers
A podvorotnichok (, lit. undercollar) is a narrow piece of white fabric used to be sewn on the inside of the collars of field uniforms in the Russian Armed Forces and in some of the former Soviet republics' militaries. A podvorotnichok was introduced to reduce wear and tear on the collar and to reduce chafing. They were only used with field uniforms. Undercollars were changed daily, typically in the evening before lights out. Undercollars were checked daily during morning inspection. If a soldier's undercollar was not snow-white nor sewn correctly, he could be punished and be made to resew it correctly. Since the introduction of the modern VKPO uniform, old Soviet relics like undercollars and footwraps were phased out. Undercollars have not been mentioned in the Russian Armed Forces uniform list since the signing of Decree 300 by Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu on 22 June 2015.
Sources
Soviet Uniforms and Militaria 1917-1991 by Laszlo Bekesi
Inside the Soviet Army Today. Osprey Elite Military History Series No. 12 by Stephen J Zaloga
See also
Afghanka
Panamka
References
Military uniforms
Military equipment of Russia
Russian clothing
From 1592 to 1593, London experienced its last major plague outbreak of the 16th century. During this period, at least 15,000 people died of plague within the City of London and another 4,900 died of plague in the surrounding parishes.
London in 1592
London in 1592 was a partially-walled city of 150,000 people made of the City of London and its surrounding parishes, called liberties, just outside the walls. Queen Elizabeth I had ruled for 34 years and her government struggled with London's quickly growing population. Due to increasing economic and food shortages, disorder had grown among the underclasses in the city and beyond, whom moralist authorities increasingly struggled to govern. A large and impoverished population made up the surrounding liberties, which became the first communities to be hit severely by the plague.
Plague activity in England
Plague had been present in England since the Black Death, infecting various fauna in the countryside, and known as plague since the 15th century. Occasionally Yersinia pestis was transmitted to human society by infectious contact with the fleas of wild animals, with disastrous results for trade, farming, and social life. Increasing plague activity along England's southern and eastern coasts appeared during the late 1580s to early 90s. An outbreak at Newcastle in 1589 killed 1727 residents by January 1590, while from 1590 to 1592 Plymouth and Devon were affected with 997 plague deaths at Totnes and Tiverton. Plague spread south and north in England's countryside in the early 1590s, contaminating reservoirs of rodents around farms and towns until eventually reaching London in the summer of 1592.
The plague in London
1592
London's first cases of plague were noticed in August. On 7 September, soldiers marching from England's north to embark on foreign campaigns were rerouted around the city due to concerns about infection, and by the 21st at least 35 parishes were infected with the plague. A group transporting the spoils of a Spanish carrack from Dartmouth couldn't get further than Greenwich due to the outbreak in London and news of the plague had spread regionally. London's theaters, which had been temporarily closed by city authorities since a riot in June, had their shutdown orders extended to 29 December by the government. Members of the aristocratic class sensed danger as the disease continued to spread and fled the city: "The plague is so sore that none of worth stay about these places" remarked one contemporary. In November, London's College of Physicians convened a meeting to discuss the "insolent and illicit practice" of London's unlicensed medical physicians with the intention to "summon them all" before the college for quackery. Queen Elizabeth's royal court also decided not to host the annual Accession Day tilt celebrations for the month due to the possibility of contagion at the royal court.
Some records of the plague were copied by John Stow during his own research in the 17th century and have survived time despite the original documents being lost. Around 2,000 Londoners died of plague between August 1592 and January 1593. The Company of Parish Clerks began regularly keeping and publishing records of plague mortality on 21 December 1592. Government orders forbidding performances at theaters were again extended, into 1593.
1593
Death and infection rates rose steadily during the winter months, even though low temperatures often slow down flea activity during plague epidemics. This was seen as ominous by Londoners observing the epidemic. More resourceful, upper-class individuals continued fleeing during 1593 as the government's countermeasures proved ineffective due to the disease-harboring conditions in some areas of London. Poorer, unsanitary parishes and neighborhoods were located near the city wall and River Thames while the Fleet Ditch area of London, around Fleet Prison, became the most heavily infected part of the city. A prisoner named William Cecil (not to be confused with Lord Burghley), kept in Fleet Prison by Queen Elizabeth's command, wrote that by 6 April 1593 "The place where [William] lies is a congregation of the unwholesome smells of the town, and the season contagious, so many have died of the plague." Government letters indicated that the plague was "very hot" in London by 12 June and that the queen's royal court "was out in places, and a great part of the household is cut off." By August Queen Elizabeth's royal court had evacuated to Windsor Castle in order to escape the increasingly dangerous outbreak in London. The city's sugar refineries continued their business unabated even though public houses and theaters remained closed on government orders to halt the spread of infection.
Alarm was raised at Windsor by the death of Queen Elizabeth's chambermaid Lady Scrope from plague on the 21 August within the castle, which almost sent the royal court fleeing a second time. But the government remained at Windsor Castle through November where Queen Elizabeth hosted her tilt celebrations.
References
Second plague pandemic
1592 in England
1593 in England
16th-century deaths from plague (disease)
16th-century epidemics
Death in London
Health in London
1592 disasters
1593 disasters
Disease outbreaks in England
Wilhelm von Rath (1585 – 27 April 1641) was a German scholar and a military officer. His name, in the dative case (after "von"), may be rendered as "Rathen".
Biography
Rath was born in Klein-Wülknitz, Anhalt, and came from an old noble family. His parents were Hans von Rath and Anna Voigt Rath. Rath enjoyed a Protestant education and was registered at the University of Leipzig starting the summer of 1601. But he eventually left academia for a career in the military, the high point of which was Rath's appointment as the kriegskommissar, the officer appointed to handle financial matters under Prince Ludwig I of Anhalt-Köthen. Rath was married to Dorothea von Hackeborn, who bore him a son, Balthasar Wilhelm von Rath, in 1629.
In the service of Ludwig I throughout the Thirty Years' War until his death, he was appointed commander of the cavalry (January 10, 1627). In recognition of his military professionalism, Ludwig called him “rough” and “tough” when admitting him to the Fruchtbringende Gesellschaft, a society dedicated to the standardization of German.
Rath distinguished himself with his cavalry at the Battle of Breitenfeld (1631) in the Swedish-Protestant victory against the Imperial Catholic troops. He was known for his battle cry, an earlier and more poetic version of “When things get tough, the tough get going":
Wan das rauhe ist dahin
So die iugent mit sich bringet:
Endert sich der gantze sinn,
Und dan nach dem himmel ringet.
Rath was killed by war-time marauders near Wieskau, Anhalt-Köthen.
References
This article is based in part on material from the German Wikipedia.
1585 births
1641 deaths
People from Köthen (Anhalt)
German Lutherans
German untitled nobility
17th-century German military personnel
German people of the Thirty Years' War
People from Anhalt-Köthen
Military personnel of the Holy Roman Empire
The Key and the Ring (Swedish Nyckeln och ringen) is a 1947 Swedish comedy film directed by and starring Anders Henrikson. The cast also includes Aino Taube, Lauritz Falk and Eva Dahlbeck. The film's sets were designed by the art director Max Linder.
Cast
Anders Henrikson as John Berner
Aino Taube as Anna Berner
Sven-Axel Carlsson as Harald Berner
Ulf Berggren as Birger Berner
Lauritz Falk as Ivar Berner
Hilda Borgström as Grandma
Eva Dahlbeck as Eva Berg
Ulla Sallert as Margareta Löving
Olle Hilding as Falk
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1947 films
Swedish comedy films
1947 comedy films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Anders Henrikson
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
David Alejandro Jiménez Rodríguez (born 15 April 1992) is a Costa Rican professional boxer, who has held the WBA Gold flyweight title since June 2021.
As an amateur he won bronze medals in the light flyweight event at the 2013 World Championships as well as the 2015 Pan American Games in the flyweight event.
Professional boxing career
Jiménez made his professional debut against Emmanuel Villamar on 16 February 2019, and won the fight by a third-round knockout. He amassed a 7-0 record during the next eight months, winning all but one of those fights by way of stoppage.
Jiménez was scheduled to fight Jerson Ortiz for the vacant WBC Latino flyweight title on 18 February 2021, at the Hotel El Panama in Panama City. Jiménez had a poor start to the fight, as he was knocked down in the second round, but nonetheless won the fight by unanimous decision, with all three judges scoring the fight 98-90 in his favor.
Jiménez was scheduled to face Edwin Cano for the vacant WBA Gold World flyweight title on 19 June 2021, four months after winning his first professional title. Jiménez won the fight by a third-round knockout. Jiménez was booked to face Darwin Martinez on 17 March 2022, at the Hotel Barcelo San Jose Palacio in San Jose. He won the fight by a fifth-round knockout.
Jiménez was booked to face Ricardo Rafael Sandoval in a WBA flyweight title eliminator on 16 July 2022, on the Ryan Garcia and Javier Fortuna undercard. He won the fight by majority decision. Two of the judges scored the bout 114–112 in his favor, while the third judge scored the bout as an even 113–113 draw. Jiménez knocked Sandoval down in the eleventh round and was deducted a point in the seventh round for holding and hitting.
On August 1, 2022, the WBA formally ordered their reigning flyweight champion Artem Dalakian to make a mandatory title defense against Jiménez. The two camps were given until August 31 to reach terms for the title bout.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Cartago Province
Costa Rican male boxers
Light-flyweight boxers
Flyweight boxers
Southpaw boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Costa Rica
Pan American Games medalists in boxing
Boxers at the 2011 Pan American Games
Boxers at the 2015 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Yves Abel (born 1963) is a Canadian conductor.
Career
Abel was born in Toronto, Ontario, the son of French parents. He made his professional debut as a boy, singing solo in Mozart's The Magic Flute at the Canadian Opera Company. He studied piano and conducting at The New School for Music of the Mannes College in New York City.
In 1988, Abel founded the company Opéra Français de New York, which focuses on rarely played French operas. Also its musical director, he presented there the world premiere of Pascal Dusapin's To be sung. Abel was principal guest conductor of the Deutsche Oper Berlin from 2005 to 2011.
From 2015 to 2020, Abel was a chief conductor of the Nordwestdeutsche Philharmonie. In 2020, he became principal conductor of San Diego Opera, with an initial contract of 3 years.
Abel and his family reside in Italy. In 2009, the French government appointed him Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. In 2017, Abel received the Rubies Award from the Opera Canada, for his services to opera in Canada.
References
External links
Yves Abel Forum Opéra
Yves Abel Opera Online
Yves Abel on Operabase
Canadian conductors (music)
Male conductors (music)
1963 births
Living people
Musicians from Toronto
Chevaliers of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
Erato Records artists
2010 Tokyo Verdy season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Tokyo Verdy
Tokyo Verdy seasons
Kuzume Naoyuki (1890 – 1944) was a colonel in the Imperial Japanese Army.
Biography
Kuzume Naoyuki was the commander of defenses on the island of Biak, near the Japanese-held bases in Papua New Guinea. He led the IJA 22nd Infantry Regiment, over 3,400 troops. He made a desperate defense of the island, covering it with pillboxes, bunkers, and spider holes. Nevertheless, the US troops were able to successfully fight their way to the east caves. On June 28, Naoyuki decided to commit seppuku, the ritual suicide, since the Japanese had little chance of victory. He was posthumously promoted as lieutenant general.
1944 deaths
Japanese military personnel killed in World War II
1890 births
Japanese generals
Imperial Japanese Army personnel of World War II
The 2006–07 Football League Trophy, known as the 2006–07 Johnstone's Paint Trophy for sponsorship reasons, was the 23rd staging of the Football League Trophy, a knockout competition for English football clubs in Leagues One and Two. The winners were Doncaster Rovers from League One and the runners-up were Bristol Rovers from League Two.
The competition began on 17 October 2006 and ended with the final on 1 April 2007. The final was the last to take place at Millennium Stadium in Cardiff. In the first round, there are four sections: Northern Section–West, Northern Section–East, Southern Section–West and Southern Section–East. In the second round these narrows to simply a Northern and a Southern section, whereupon each section gradually eliminates teams in knock-out fashion until each has a winning finalist. At this point, the two winning finalists face each other in the combined final for the honour of the trophy.
Swansea City were the defending champions, but lost to Peterborough United in the second round.
Doncaster Rovers won the final, beating Bristol Rovers 3–2 after extra time, having been 2–0 up after just 5 minutes before Bristol Rovers scored twice in the second half to make the score 2–2 after 90 minutes.
First round
Sixteen teams received byes to the second round. The other remaining teams start in a single-legged knockout. Should the scores be level after 90 minutes, the match entered a penalty shootout phase, with no extra-time being played.
Northern Section
Byes: Blackpool, Chester City, Chesterfield, Crewe Alexandra, Darlington, Mansfield Town, Oldham Athletic, and Port Vale.
Southern Section
Byes: Bournemouth, Bristol City, Cheltenham Town, Leyton Orient, Millwall, Milton Keynes Dons, Peterborough United, Yeovil Town.
Second round
In the second round, the sixteen winning teams from the first round were joined by the teams with byes. Again, there were eight one-legged matches in each section (North and South), with a penalty shootout if a draw occurred after 90 minutes.
Northern Section
Southern Section
Area quarter-finals
In the third round, the winning teams from the second round play in eight one-legged matches, four in each section (North and South). Again, a penalty shootout followed if the match was drawn after 90 minutes. Matches were played on 28 November and 29 November 2006.
Northern Section
Southern Section
Area semi-finals
Matches were played on 8 January 2007.
Northern Section
Southern Section
Area finals
Northern Area final
Doncaster Rovers won 6–5 on aggregate and progressed to the final.
Southern Area final
The Southern Area final produced the first Bristol derby played in over five years.
Bristol Rovers won 1–0 on aggregate and progressed to the final.
Final
The 2007 final was the last major Football Association or Football League final to be held at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff. All subsequent finals were held at Wembley Stadium in London.
References
Sources
EFL Trophy
Trophy
Trophy
Enid Mary Cotton (née Jesson) (1 May 1889 Malvern, Victoria – 19 April 1956 Farnham Common) was an Australian-born English botanist who married Arthur Disbrowe Cotton in 1913/1915, raising a son and daughter.
She was the daughter of a mining engineer John Charles Jesson and Lilian née Dawson. On the family's return to England she worked at Kew and contributed text to Curtis's Botanical Magazine as well as Elinor Frances Vallentin's Illustrations of Flowering Plants of the Falkland Islands (1921).
References
1889 births
1956 deaths
English botanists
Colonel Sir Reginald Hugh Dorman-Smith, GBE (10 March 1899 – 20 March 1977) was an Anglo-Irish diplomat, soldier and politician in the British Empire.
Early life and politics
Dorman-Smith was educated at Harrow School and the Royal Military College at Sandhurst. After serving in the army, he continued his career with a strong interest in agriculture, becoming president of the National Farmers Union (the NFU) at the age of 32, and then later Minister of Agriculture. He was first elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Petersfield in the 1935 general election as one of a handful of MPs sponsored by the NFU and served as the Union's president for the following few years.
In the late 1930s, the British Government's agricultural policy came in for heavy criticism from the NFU, Parliament and the Press and in January 1939 Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain took the bold step of appointing Dorman-Smith as Minister of Agriculture. In October 1940, Dorman-Smith instigated the Government's Dig for Victory campaign, aimed at increasing food production from allotments. However, when Chamberlain fell, Dorman-Smith was not included in the government of his successor, Winston Churchill.
Dorman-Smith was referred to in the book "Guilty Men" by Michael Foot, Frank Owen and Peter Howard (writing under the pseudonym 'Cato'), published in 1940 as an attack on public figures for their failure to re-arm and their appeasement of Nazi Germany.
Governor of Burma
Dorman-Smith was appointed Governor of Burma from 6 May 1941 to 31 August 1946, and was therefore in office at the time of the Japanese invasion - and was expelled from the country by the Japanese. Between May 1942 and Oct 1945, he was in exile at Simla, India. In October 1943, Dorman-Smith made a speech in London before the East Indian Association. His speech lamented the fact that while the British had talked for years about self-government and reform in Asia, they had delivered very little of it which had damaged their credibility. He said:
"Neither our word nor our intentions are trusted in that part of the globe ... We have fed such countries as Burma on political formulae until they are sick at the very sight and sound of a formula, which has come, as far as my experience shows, to be looked upon as a very British means of avoiding a definite course of action."
The speech said that pre-war British policy on these subjects was discredited and a new credible approach was required after the war.
Major-General Sir Hubert Rance, the British military commander, took control of the country for the military after the liberation of Rangoon, but Dorman-Smith returned as governor in 1946. Dorman-Smith considered arresting Aung San for a murder he committed in 1942. In that year, Aung San had stabbed the restrained headman of Thebyugone village to death in front of a large crowd. Dorman-Smith was convinced by his superiors not to carry out the arrest.
While Dorman-Smith was back in the UK for medical reasons he was replaced by Rance, who was supported by Lord Mountbatten of Burma and fully backed a policy of immediate unconditional independence for Burma under the leadership of the AFPFL.
Simla Conference 1944
As the Governor of Burma, Sir Reginald Dorman-Smith met with Anglo-Burmese leaders in Simla in 1944, to discuss the future of the Anglo-Burmese community after the war.
The Anglo-Burmese delegates were:
Mr. G. Kirkham
Mr. H.J. Mitchell B.Fr.S.
Mr. J. Barrington I.C.S.
Mr. K.W. Foster B.C.S.
Mr. E.A. Franklin I.C.S
Mr. W.A. Gibson
Mrs. K. Russell
Mr. H. Elliott
Mr. C.H. Campagnac
Mr. J.A. Wiseham
Mr. J.F. Blake
One result of the conference was an assurance to the Anglo-Burmese community that they would be allowed to preserve their freedom of worship and allowed to teach their own religion, freedom to continue their own customs, and maintain their own language of English.
After leaving Burma, Dorman-Smith continued to take an interest in its affairs. He believed that if London had not intervened, he could have influenced the course of events in Burma so as to prevent the country from leaving the British Commonwealth.
Family
Dorman-Smith was born into an Anglo-Irish gentry family at Bellamont House, Cootehill, County Cavan, Ireland, and was educated at Harrow and Sandhurst. He served briefly in the British Indian Army before being invalided out, then joined a volunteer battalion of the Queen's Royal Regiment (West Surrey).
One of Dorman-Smith's two brothers, Eric Dorman-Smith, was a major-general in the British Army in the Second World War. After falling out with the British establishment, he became an Irish republican sympathiser and changed his name to Eric Dorman O'Gowan. His other brother, Victor, was a Royal Navy captain who served as a member of Combined Operations HQ during World War One.
References
Further reading
Taylor, Robert H. 'Sir Reginald Dorman-Smith'. In Southeast Asia: A Historical Encyclopedia from Angkor Wat to East Timor. Santa Barbara, Ca.: ABC-Clio, 2004.
Woods, Philip. Reporting the Retreat: War Correspondents in Burma, 1942. London: Hurst & Co, 2016, esp. chs. 2 & 9.
External links
Burma's history - data website
1899 births
1977 deaths
Irish knights
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
Politicians from County Cavan
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
British Indian Army officers
Queen's Royal Regiment officers
People from Petersfield
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
Administrators in British Burma
UK MPs 1935–1945
People educated at Harrow School
Burma in World War II
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Ministers in the Chamberlain wartime government, 1939–1940
Ministers in the Chamberlain peacetime government, 1937–1939
Khalid Leghzal (born August 9, 1988 in Tours) is a French footballer of Algerian descent. He is currently unattached after last playing for MC Oran in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Club career
Leghzal began his career in the junior ranks of local clubs FA Saint-Symphorien and AC Portugal. In 2007, he was noticed by Dijon manager Rudi Garcia who signed him to the club. In 2009, he left the club and returned to AC Portugal briefly before signing with Tours FC's reserve side. He spent just one season with the club before signing a professional contract with Algerian club AS Khroub.
References
External links
DZFoot Profile
1988 births
Living people
Algerian footballers
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
French footballers
French sportspeople of Algerian descent
AS Khroub players
Tours FC players
Dijon FCO players
MC Oran players
Sportspeople from Tours, France
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Centre-Val de Loire
The 1st Tactical Missile Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last assigned to the 585th Tactical Missile Group at Bitburg Air Base, West Germany, where it was inactivated on 18 June 1958.
The first predecessor of the squadron is the 881st Bombardment Squadron, a former United States Army Air Forces unit organized in November 1943. After training in the United States, the 881st deployed to the Pacific Ocean Theater of World War II, where it participated in the strategic bombing campaign against Japan. It earned two Distinguished Unit Citations before the end of the war. It returned to the United States in the fall of 1945 and was inactivated at March Field, California in January 1946.
The squadron's second predecessor was established as the 1st Experimental Guided Missiles Squadron, which conducted guided missile testing for the Army Air Forces and United States Air Force from bases in Florida from 1946 through 1950. It was reactivated the following year and tested cruise missiles, then trained for deployment to Europe with Martin B-61 Matador missiles. It stood alert with its missiles in Germany until it was inactivated in 1958 and transferred its personnel and missiles to the 71st Tactical Missile Squadron
History
World War II
The first predecessor of the unit, the 881st Bombardment Squadron, was activated at Gowen Field, Idaho on 20 November 1943 as one of the four original squadrons of the 500th Bombardment Group. It initially flew Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress bombers in New Mexico, then trained in Kansas with early model Boeing B-29 Superfortresses, with frequent delays in training due to modifications of the aircraft correcting production deficiencies.. It departed for its combat station in the Pacific in July 1944 after completing training.
The squadron arrived at its combat station, Isely Field, on Saipan in the Mariana Islands in September 1944. It flew its first combat mission against a submarine base in the Truk Islands on 11 November. Thirteen days later it participated in the first attack on the Japanese homeland from the Marianas. Initially, the squadron flew high altitude daylight raids against industrial targets in Japan. In January 1945, it carried out an attack on the Mitsubishi engine manufacturing plant in Nagoya, for which it was awarded a Distinguished Unit Citation (DUC).
The squadron was briefly diverted from its strategic mission when it struck airfields in Kyushu to support Operation Iceberg, the landings on Okinawa in April 1945. Beginning in March 1945, Twentieth Air Force changed both its tactics and strategy and the squadron began carrying out nighttime attacks with incendiaries against area targets. It received its second DUC for attacks on the urban and industrial section of Osaka, feeder industries at Hamamatsu and shipping and rail targets on Kyushu in June 1945. During the closing days of the war, the squadron also dropped propaganda leaflets over the Japanese home islands.
Following V-J Day, the squadron dropped food and supply to prisoners of war in Japan, Korea, China and Taiwan. The squadron returned to the United States in the fall of 1945 and was inactivated at March Field, California on 17 January 1946.
Missile testing
The squadron's second predecessor was organized as the 1st Experimental Guided Missiles Squadron, one of the original Army Air Forces missile test squadrons, at Eglin Field, Florida in 1946. At Eglin it was assigned to the 1st Experimental Guided Missiles Group. It tested air-to-surface missiles. The 1st Group was inactivated in July 1949, and the squadron was attached to its successor, the 550th Guided Missiles Wing. In December 1950, the squadron moved with the 550th Wing to Patrick Air Force Base, Florida, but it was not operational at Patrick and was inactivated at the end of the month, when the 550th was replaced by the 4800th Guided Missile Wing.
The squadron was redesignated the 1st Bombardment Squadron, Missile (Light), but was again redesignated the 1st Pilotless Bomber Squadron before being reactivated at Patrick in October 1951. The unit again experimented with missiles, but this time with cruise missiles, including the Republic-Ford JB-2 and Martin B-61 Matador. The squadron developed procedures and methods for deployment of tactical nuclear missiles until 1954, when it was transferred to Tactical Air Command.
Missile operations in Europe
The 1st trained until March 1954, when it deployed to United States Air Forces Europe (USAFE) and Bitburg Air Base. It maintained dispersed missile launch facilities at 'Site VII "B Pad", northwest of Bitburg and Site VIII "C Pad", south southwest of Bitburg At Bitburg, it was initially attached to the host 36th Fighter-Bomber Wing. It was the first operational United States missile unit. At Bitburg the squadron was equipped with the B-61A Matador. The 1st was redesignated the 1st Tactical Missile Squadron a year later.
As additional Matador squadrons deployed to Germany, USAFE formed the 7382d Guided Missile Group, headquartered at Hahn Air Base. The 1st Tactical Missile Squadron was detached from the 36th Wing, and attached to the new group. when the 7382d Group was inactivated on 15 September 1956, the 1st Squadron was reassigned to the newly formed 585th Tactical Missile Group at Bitburg, as part of the newly formed 701st Tactical Missile Wing, headquartered at Hahn. The unit converted from the TM-61A to the TM-61C during that time. The 1st was inactivated and replaced by the 71st Tactical Missile Squadron, which was simultaneously activated on 18 Jun 1958.
In 1985 the World War II 881st Bombardment Squadron was consolidated with the squadron, but it was not activated.
Lineage
881st Bombardment Squadron
Constituted as the 881st Bombardment Squadron, Very Heavy on 19 November 1943
Activated on 20 November 1943
Inactivated on 17 January 1946
Consolidated with the 1st Tactical Missile Squadron as the 1st Tactical Missile Squadron on 18 September 1985
1st Tactical Missile Squadron
Constituted as the 1st Experimental Guided Missiles Squadron
Activated on 6 February 1946
Redesignated 1st Guided Missiles Squadron (Air to Surface Missile) on 22 July 1949
Inactivated on 30 December 1950
Redesignated 1st Bombardment Squadron, Missile (Light) on 13 September 1951
Redesignated 1st Pilotless Bomber Squadron and activated on 1 October 1951
Redesignated 1st Tactical Missile Squadron on 14 March 1955
Inactivated 18 June 1958
Consolidated with the 881st Bombardment Squadron on 19 September 1985 (remained inactive)
Assignments
500th Bombardment Group, 20 November 1943 – 17 January 1946
1st Experimental Guided Missiles Group: 6 February 1946
Air Proving Ground: 20 July 1949 (attached to 550th Guided Missiles Wing)
550th Guided Missiles Wing: 1 August 1950 – 30 December 1950
6555th Guided Missile Wing (later 6555th Guided Missile Group): 1 October 1951
Tactical Air Command: 1 January 1954
Twelfth Air Force: 31 March 1954 (attached to 36th Fighter-Bomber Wing (later 36th Fighter-Day Wing) 31 March 1954, 7382d Guided Missile Group 15 April 1956 – 15 September 1956)
585th Tactical Missile Group, 15 September 1956 – 18 June 1958
Stations
Gowen Field, Idaho, 20 November 1943
Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico, c. 16 December 1943
Walker Army Air Field, Kansas, 16 April–23 July 1944
Isely Field, Saipan, Mariana Islands, 19 September 1944 – 15 November 1945
March Field, California, 29 November 1945 – 17 January 1946
Eglin Field (later Eglin Air Force Base), Florida 6 February 1946
Patrick Air Force Base, Florida, 11 December 1950 – 30 December 1950
Patrick Air Force Base, Florida, 1 October 1951
Bitburg Air Base, West Germany, 31 March 1954 – 18 June 1958
Aircraft and missiles
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress, 1944
Boeing B-29 Superfortress, 1944–1945
Republic-Ford JB-2, 1951
Martin B-61 (later TM-61) Matador, 1954–1962
Awards and campaigns
See also
List of United States Air Force missile squadrons
List of B-29 Superfortress operators
B-17 Flying Fortress units of the United States Army Air Forces
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
001
Military units and formations of the United States in the Cold War
1943 establishments in Idaho
1958 disestablishments in West Germany
Military units and formations established in 1943
Military units and formations disestablished in 1958
Serniawy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The somatic mutation and recombination tests (SMARTs) are in vivo genotoxicity tests performed in Drosophila melanogaster (Fruit fly). These fruit fly tests are a short-term test and a non-mammalian approach for in vivo testing of putative genotoxins found in the environment. D. melanogaster has a short lifespan, which allows for fast reproductive cycles and high-throughput genotoxicity testing. D. melanogaster also has around 75% functional orthologs of human disease-related genes, making it an attractive in vivo model for human research. The tests identify loss of heterozygosity for the specified genetic markers in heterozygous or trans-heterozygous adults using phenotypically observable genetic markers in adult tissues. Although diverse events like point mutations/deletions, nondisjunction, and homologous mitotic recombination might theoretically cause this loss of heterozygozity, nondisjunction processes are generally not relevant for most of the examined chemicals. SMARTs are two different tests that use the same genetic foundation, but target different adult tissues and are named accordingly: the wing-spot test and the eye-spot test.
Background
In the developmental phase, larval structures and imaginal discs - clusters of diploid cells of undifferentiated epithelium- are formed in the embryo. The pupa emerges following the completion of the larval stages, and metamorphosis occurs as a result of systemic hormonal regulation, with histolysis of the larval organs and differentiation of the imaginal discs into adult components. When these imaginal discs are exposed to genotoxic substances genetic mutations occur due to possible DNA damages that can be inherited by the progeny cells during mitosis. The phenotypic forms of these genetic mutations can be observed in adult body forms, like the wings and the eyes, and thus can be examined using the wing-spot test and the eye-spot test, respectively. The loss of heterozygosity (LOH) for specific genetic markers in heterozygous individuals enables for visual scoring of DNA damage/genotoxicity in adult tissues
Types
The wing-spot test
The wing-spot test in D. melanogaster was first described by Graf and Würgler. The wing-spot test determines for the induction of mutant spots that represent the loss of heterozygozity due to point mutation, deletion, nondisjunction, or mitotic recombination using the recessive genetic markers multiple wing hair (mwh) and flare-3 (flr3), located on chromosome number 3.
The eye spot test
The eye w/w+ SMART assay uses the X-chromosome white (w) gene as a recessive marker to monitor the presence of white clones in wild-type eyes, which indicate the occurrence of loss of heterozygosity at the white locus due to point mutations and/or deletions, as well as nondisjunction and homologous mitotic recombination in w/w+ somatic cells of Drosophila in vivo
Applications
These tests are particularly effective instruments for analyzing (in vivo) the potential genotoxicity of chemicals in the somatic cells of a higher eukaryotic organism as they detect primarily the production of gene mutation and homologous recombination. It's worth noting that measuring mitotic recombination in somatic cells is important for genotoxicity screening since abnormal recombination activity is frequently linked to cancer. Indeed, these tests have been used to determine the genotoxicity of a variety of agents, including radiation, metals, chemicals, plant extracts/products, therapeutic drugs, food products and various types of pollutants and nanoparticles.They've also been employed to look for potential antimutagens.
References
Mutation
Nazar is a 2005 Indian Hindi-language thriller film directed by Soni Razdan starring Meera and Ashmit Patel. The film introduces Pakistani actress Meera to Bollywood and it also featured a kissing scene (afterwards cut) which was center of attention for the Pakistani government.
Nazar was released along with Naina, another film based on the similar theme of extra-sensory perception. Although Naina was horror flick and Nazar was a musical thriller.
Plot
Nazar revolves around a young and talented pop star Divya (Meera). From the start it is obvious the existence of a strange aura surrounding Divya's personality. She is a girl who has lived a secluded life after the death of her parents in a car crash.
After shooting her last video she decides she wants to go home. Along the way, despite the darkness she discovers a dead body on the middle of the road.
From this moment on Divya has visions of the future, rather than an art it becomes like a curse for Divya as all she sees is brutal murders. In her visions all she sees is dance-bargirls being stabbed, strangled and suffocated to death by a killer whose face continues to elude Divya's clairvoyance.
Unknowing to her, a policeman, Rohan (Ashmit Patel), is investigating murders of bargirls in the city. A serial killer is on the loose and Rohan has the case to nab him.
Rohan buys Divya's story (about her visions of murders) but his female assistant Sujata (Koel Purie) does not. Taking help of Divya's clairvoyance, he begins to zero down on prime suspects that include a doctor, a fugitive and an eccentric-alcoholic uncle who frequents bars regularly.
As the movie progresses, Divya becomes the next on the murders list of the unknown killer who might have been the same who killed the person on the road that she found that night.
In the end, it turns out that Sujata is the serial killer: her husband slept with a bargirl who passes AIDS to him, who in turn gave the disease to Sujata. From then on, she developed a dislike for the bar girls in the city and goes on a killing spree. She dies at the end by falling off a building.
Cast
Meera ... Divya Varma (Malavika Shivpuri for dubbing)
Ashmit Patel ... Inspector Rohan Sethi
Koel Purie ... Sub-Inspector Sujata Deshmukh
Rupak Mann
Alyy Khan ... Dr. Tarun Khanna
Neena Gupta
Sarita Joshi
Soundtrack
The Soundtrack was composed by Anu Malik & Roop Kumar Rathod
References
External links
Nazar at Cinémathèque québécoise
2005 films
2000s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Anu Malik
Indian erotic thriller films
2000s erotic thriller films
Self-objectification is when people view themselves as objects for use instead of as human beings. Self-objectification is a result of objectification, and is commonly discussed in the topic of sex and gender. Both men and women struggle with self-objectification, but it is most commonly seen among women. According to Calogero, self-objectification explains the psychological process by which women internalise people's objectification of their bodies, resulting in them constantly criticizing their own bodies.
Relationship to objectification
Objectification and self-objectification are two different topics, but are closely intertwined. Objectification looks at how society views people (in this case, women) as bodies for someone else's pleasure. This occurs in advertisements where the body but not the face of a woman is shown. These messages put an unrealistic standard on women's bodies, dehumanizing them to an object of visual pleasure, and self-objectification occurs in response. Women start to internalize the message that they are not individual human beings, but objects of beauty, pleasure, and play for men or women, and they start to look at themselves and their bodies as such.
The perpetuation of self-objectification can be described as a cycle. Objectification causes self-objectification which perpetuates objectification, and the cycle goes on. Both media and social interaction factor into that cycle as well. Media is everywhere, plastering seemingly perfect women across billboards, in music videos, and on covers of magazines. These ideals cause people to put on an unrealistic lens, thinking that they should look and act like the women in the media are portrayed, perpetuating the cycle of self-objectification. Social interactions affect this cycle as well, as the way people communicate with each other subconsciously furthers objectification as well. This type of talk is known as appearance related communication. Two types of appearance related communication that have had an effect on the existence of self-objectification are old talk and fat talk, where obese and overweight women are commonly criticized by the health industry, and old women are made to feel useless and "worn out" due to the often-cited associated negative health consequences of their old age.
Appearance-related communication
Fat talk, a term coined by Mimi Nichter, refers to women making comments about their own weight, dieting, or justifications of one's eating or exercising habits. It includes comments such as, "I'm out of shape", or "I'm just eating everything today". Women who engage in fat talk are more likely to struggle with body dissatisfaction, self-objectification, depression, anorexia, bulimia, and other eating disorders.
Old talk refers to negative statements about wrinkles, skin tone, yellowing teeth, and other physical aspects of the natural aging process. Women who engage in old talk are more likely to be dissatisfied with their bodies, engage in self-objectification, suffer from depression and anxiety, and it may even decrease their quality of life and actual lifespan. Both fat and old talk result in higher self-objectification, as women measure themselves against and attempt to reach an unrealistic standard.
In different generations
One period of time in a woman's life where self-objectification happens excessively is during pregnancy. Magazines offer pictures of pregnant celebrities with golden skin, toned legs, and a perfectly rounded, "cute" pregnant belly. The photo-editing makes it seem real, and people start to think that is how they ought to look when they are pregnant. Looking at these perfect pictures results in pregnant women feeling worse about themselves and being incredibly self-conscious about their weight even though their weight gain is normal and necessary. They see themselves as not good enough, again, objectifying their identity to a body that needs to be perfect. Studies have also been done on adolescent girls, and what heightens self-objectification at an early age. With the amount of over-sexualized media that children are exposed to, young girls start to identify themselves as a "prize" to be used and given away at an early age. This objectification is fueled heavily by media and the fact that it is highly sexualized. The a more young girl is exposed to media that sexually objectifies women, the more they will internalize those beliefs and ideals and objectify themselves.
See also
Sexual objectification
Objectification of people
References
Further reading
Conceptions of self
Feminist theory
San Chirico Raparo is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Tracks on Wax 4 is the fourth album by Welsh rock musician Dave Edmunds. The record was the first Edmunds solo effort to feature all four members of the band Rockpile: Edmunds, Billy Bremner (who also wrote two of the album's songs under the pen name Billy Murray), Nick Lowe, and Terry Williams.
The album's eighth song, "Thread Your Needle", was originally recorded by the Ohio-based R&B duo Dean & Jean (Welton Young and Brenda Lee Jones). The album's final song, "Heart of the City", was originally recorded by Nick Lowe as a Stiff Records single in 1976. A live version performed by Rockpile was released on Lowe's album Jesus of Cool (also 1978) and Edmunds used the same backing track, but overdubbed his own lead vocals in place of Lowe's.
Track listing
Side one
"Trouble Boys" (Billy Murray) – 3:02
"Never Been in Love" (Nick Lowe, Rockpile) – 2:28
"Not a Woman, Not a Child" (Billy Murray, Ray Peters) – 3:21
"Television" (Lowe) – 3:19
"What Looks Best on You" (Lowe, Edmunds) – 2:26
"Readers Wives" (Noel Brown) – 3:11
Side two
"Deborah" (Lowe, Edmunds) – 2:38
"Thread Your Needle" (Brenda Lee Jones, Welton Young) – 3:27
"A.1. On the Jukebox" (Edmunds, Will Birch) – 3:15
"It's My Own Business" (Chuck Berry) – 3:56
"Heart of the City" (Lowe) – 3:03
Personnel
Dave Edmunds – guitar, piano, vocals
Billy Bremner – guitar
Terry Williams – drums
Nick Lowe – bass
Gerry Hogan – pedal steel guitar
Pete Kelly – piano
Charts
Notes
1978 albums
Dave Edmunds albums
Swan Song Records albums
Albums produced by Dave Edmunds
Strange Journey Volume Three is a 2014 mixtape by American hip hop group CunninLynguists. It peaked at number 37 on Billboards Heatseekers Albums chart.
Track listing
The CD version and the vinyl version do not include "Hot".
Personnel
Credits adapted from the CD liner notes.
Kno – production (except "The Format" and "Dying Breed"), additional programming (on "The Format" and "Dying Breed"), mixing, mastering
RJD2 – production (on "The Format")
Thomax – production (on "Dying Breed")
DJ FlipFlop – turntables (on "South California" and "The Format")
C. Bryan – additional vocals (on "Innerspace")
Amond "A.J." Jackson – additional engineering
Mark Borders – additional engineering
Lofidel – additional engineering
Nino Moschella – additional engineering
Chris Miscik – artwork
Anthony Cole – graphic design
Charts
References
External links
Strange Journey Volume Three at Bandcamp
2014 mixtape albums
CunninLynguists albums
Hip hop compilation albums
Sequel albums
NGC 741, also known as PGC 7252, is a formerly active radio galaxy in the constellation of Pisces. Located 74.13 Mpc away, NGC 741 is part of a group of galaxies including NGC 742 and PGC 7250. NGC 741 and NGC 742 recently collided, although the disruption was minor. Radio filaments have been found connecting NGC 741 to NGC 742, and due to the bent structure of the radio filaments, NGC 741 is estimated to be moving at 1400 km/s with respect to its local group, suggesting that ram-pressure stripping was created as a product of the former merger.
References
External links
Pisces (constellation)
741
Elliptical galaxies
007252
Genfel is a river of northern Ethiopia. Rising on the foot of the Atsbi horst at 2253 metres above sea level, it flows southwestward to Giba River which empties finally in the Tekezé River. Future Lake Giba will occupy the plain where Sulluh, Genfel and Agula'i Rivers meet.
Hydrography
It is a confined river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with a slope gradient of 9 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Hydrology
Hydrological characteristics
The runoff footprint or annual total runoff volume is 76 million m³.
Peak discharges up to 300 m³ per second occur in the second part of the rainy season (month of August) when there are strong rains and the soils are saturated with water in many places.
The percentage of total rainfall that directly leaves the catchment as storm runoff (also called runoff coefficient) is 12%.
The total amount of sediment that is transported by this river amounts to 274,000 tonnes per year. Median sediment concentration in the river water is 1.66 grammes per litre, but may go up to 40 g/L. The highest sediment concentrations occur at the beginning of the rainy season, when loose soil and dust is washed away by overland flow and ends up in the river.
As such water contains many nutrients (locally it is called “aygi”), farmers estimate that it strengthens their cattle, which they will bring to the river. All in all, average sediment yield is 497 tonnes per km² and per year. All measurements were done at a purposively installed station near the mouth of the river, in the year 2006.
Flash floods
Runoff mostly occurs in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow. These flash floods mostly occur during the evening or night, because the convective rain showers occur in the afternoon.
Changes over time
Evidence given by Italian aerial photographs of the catchment, taken in the 1930s show that 40% of the catchment was covered with woody vegetation (against 34% in 2014). This vegetation could slow down runoff and the runoff coefficient was smaller (11% in 1935 against 12% in 2014). As a consequence, discharges in the river were less than today.
Up to the 1980s, there was strong pressure on the environment, and much vegetation disappeared. This river had its greatest discharges and width in that period.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased in recent years due to interventions in the catchment. On steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Irrigated agriculture
Besides springs and reservoirs, irrigation is strongly dependent on the river's baseflow. Such irrigated agriculture is important in meeting the demands for food security and poverty reduction. Irrigated lands are established in the narrow alluvial plains along the river, particularly up- and downstream of Wukro.
Transhumance towards the river gorge
The valley bottoms in the lower gorge of this river have been identified as a transhumance destination zone.
Transhumance takes place in the summer rainy season, when the lands near the villages are occupied by crops. Young shepherds will take the village cattle down to the gorge and overnight in small caves. The gorges are particularly attractive as a transhumance destination zone, because there is water and good growth of semi-natural vegetation.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Enticho Sandstone
Antalo Limestone
Mekelle Dolerite
Quaternary freshwater tufa
Trekking along the river
Trekking routes have been established across and along this river. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files. Trek A follows the lower course near Shugu'a Shugu'i, and then the southern edge of the Genfel gorge. Trek 23 also allows visiting the confluence of Sulluh and Genfel at Shugu'a Shugu'i.
In the rainy season, flash floods may occur and it is advised not to follow the river bed. Frequently, it is then also impossible to wade across the river.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Tigray Region
The Honorary Sabre is one of the highest military awards for bravery in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Only knights of the Military William Order are eligible to receive this sabre. The King awards this highly decorated sabre to a military officer who will wear this together with his uniform.
History of the Honorary Sabre
The Netherlands had honorary sabres of equivalent for centuries. During the Dutch Republic, the Batavian Republic and the Kingdom of Holland such sabres already existed, and were awarded by grateful subordinates to their officer, or were awarded by a government, city, or ruler to a military officer.
Sabres awarded by military officers and soldiers to their commanders during the Ten days campaign didn't have an official status yet.
The honorary sabres made in 1855 were destined primarily for officers of the Royal Dutch East Indies Army who already were knighted in the Military William Order and again showed deeds of exceptional bravery.
After the royal decree in 1865 Honorary Sabres were also awarded to officers of the Royal Netherlands Army and the Schutterij.
An honorary sabre was always a nicely decorated workmanship of the weapon and its hilt; the scabbard and blade were decorated and engraved, and the material of the sword was gold and silver, or during more difficult times made of cheaper Nickel silver, horn and gold-plated copper.
Shape of the Honorary Sabre
During the history several types of the sabre existed:
The 1st Dutch East Indies model of 1855:
At the hilt is engraved "KONINKLIJK EEREBLIJK VOOR BETOONDE DAPPERHEID" ()
The 1st Royal Netherlands Navy Model of 1859:
The inscription of this sabre was the same as the one of 1855, however the shape is the same used by the Royal Netherlands Navy since 1843. At the blade also a crowned anchor is shown without a cable.
The 2nd Dutch East Indies model of 1861:
On the hilt is engraved "KONING WILLEM III VOOR BETOONDE DAPPERHEID" (English: King William III for Displayed Bravery), and on the blade the name and ranking of the awarded officer and cause for awarding the sabre
The 2nd Royal Netherlands Navy Model of 1864:
The hilt was made of ivory and the anchor displayed at the blade is now uncrowned.
The model for the Royal Netherlands Army and the Schutterij of 1867
The 3rd Dutch East Indies model of 1891:
On the hilt is engraved "NAMENS KONINGIN WILHELMINA VOOR BETOONDE DAPPERHEID" (English: on behalf of Queen Wilhelmina for Displayed Bravery)
The 4th Dutch East Indies model of 1895:
This sabre was very highly decorated ()
The 3rd Royal Netherlands Navy Model of 1907
The Honorary Sabre of General Eisenhower in 1947:
General Dwight D. Eisenhower received an Honorary Sabre in 1947 from the Netherlands government. This sabre is orientally shaped, and made of gold and silver, together with embedded gemstones. Engraved on the sabre is "Queen Wilhelmina to General DD Eisenhower" and "Grateful memory of the glorious liberation". The Coat of arms of the Netherlands was engraved into the pommel.
The Dutch kings or queens awarded in total 106 Honorary Sabres in the Dutch East Indies. The last sabre awarded to a Dutch officer was in 1927 to Infantry Captain H. Behrens. General Eisenhower was the last person to be awarded with this honour.
References
Bibliography
Vogelsang, Willem. A golden present : symbol of gratefulness for the liberation of the Netherlands : The Sword of Honour presented by H. M. the Queen of the Netherlands to General Dwight D. Eisenhower. Rotterdam : W. L. & J. Brusse N. V. Publishers, 1947
Vogelsang, Willem. Een Gouden Geschenk : Symbool van dankbaarheid voor de bevrijding van Nederland : Het door H. M. de Koningin der Nederlanden aan Generaal Dwight D. Eisenhower aangeboden Eerezwaard. Rotterdam : W. L. & J. Brusse's Uitgeversmaatschappij N. V., 1947
Military awards and decorations of the Netherlands
Honorary weapons
Modern European swords
Nelamangala is a town in India. Its headquarters is taluk, which is located in the Bangalore Rural district of Karnataka state in India. Nelamangala is situated near the junction point of two National Highways, NH-75(48) (Bangalore - Mangalore) and NH-4 (Mumbai - Chennai to north of Bangalore city.
Geography
Nelamangala Taluk is spread over 507 km2 . It is located at .
Demography
According to the 2011 census, Nelamangala has population of 37,232 of which 18,840 are males while 18,392 are females. The literacy rate in Nelamangala is 89.65%. In Nelamangala, male literacy is around 93.27% while female literacy rate is 85.97%.
Work Profile
Out of the total population, 14,600 are somewhere engaged in some sort of work or business activity. Of this 11,118 are males while 3,482 are females. In the census survey, workers over there are defined as someone who does business, job, service, and engaged in labour activities. Out of the total 14,600 working population, 91.54% are engaged in Main Work while 8.46% of total workers are engaged in Marginal Work.
Places of interest around Nelamangala
Nelamangala is located on NH-4, around 27 km away from Bangalore city towards Tumkur and Mumbai. In 2020 the first Roll On Roll Off service of south western railway was started from the town of Nelamangala to Bale in Maharashtra.It was recognised as the only privately operated RORO service on Indian Railways then.
See also
Bhairanayakanahalli
References
Cities and towns in Bangalore Rural district
The Toyota SZ engine family is a series of straight-4 piston engines with a forward-facing exhaust. Toyota Motor Manufacturing (UK) in Deeside produces SZ engines for the Yaris. All three types of the SZ engine are built in Tianjin FAW Toyota Engine Co., Ltd. (TFTE) Plant No. 1 in Xiqing District, Tianjin, China. The 2SZ-FE and 3SZ-FE variations are also manufactured by PT Astra Daihatsu Motor's Karawang Engine Plant in Indonesia.
1SZ-FE
The 1SZ-FE was jointly developed by Toyota and Daihatsu.It has 4 cylinders It is . 4 valves per cylinder. Bore and stroke is , with a compression ratio of 10.0:1. Output is at 6000 rpm with of torque at 4000 rpm. It features VVT-i, off-set type crankshaft which reduces friction losses and narrow-angle valves. Engine weight of ; was achieved by using cast-iron cylinder block produced by cold-box method.
Applications:
Toyota Yaris/Echo/Vitz
2SZ-FE
The 2SZ-FE is . Bore and stroke is , with a compression ratio of 11.0:1. Output is at 6000 rpm with of torque at 4200 rpm. Daihatsu's internal code for this engine is labeled as K3-DE/VE and the turbocharged version as K3-VET. The engine features VVT-i (except for K3-DE model).
Applications:
Toyota Yaris/Toyota Vitz (XP10/XP90)
Toyota Belta
Daihatsu Materia
Daihatsu Gran Max (as K3-DE)
Daihatsu YRV (as K3-VE)
Daihatsu YRV Turbo (as K3-VET)
Toyota Ractis (XP100)
Daihatsu Sirion (M100/M300) (as K3-VE)
Toyota Avanza/Daihatsu Xenia (as K3-VE)
Perodua Myvi (M300/M600) (as K3-VE)
Daihatsu Terios (first generation, 2000-2004) (as K3-VE)
Daihatsu Copen (export model for 2006-2011, as K3-VE)
Esemka Bima
3SZ-VE
The 3SZ-VE is , introduced in October 2005. First installed in 2005 on the second generation Daihatsu Terios. Bore and stroke is , with a compression ratio of 10.0:1 and redline of 6500 rpm. Output is at 6000 rpm with of torque at 4400 rpm. It features VVT-i.
Applications:
Daihatsu Terios
Daihatsu Gran Max 1.5
Daihatsu Luxio
Daihatsu Sirion
Daihatsu Materia / Daihatsu Coo
Toyota bB
Toyota Passo Sette
Toyota Avanza
Toyota Rush
Perodua Alza (M500) (2009–2022)
Perodua Myvi SE / Perodua Myvi Advance (2011–2017)
Toyota TownAce/LiteAce (2008–2020)
Toyota Vios (China)
See also
List of Toyota engines
References
SZ
Straight-four engines
Gasoline engines by model
HMS Narcissus was a Sphinx-class 20-gun sixth-rate post ship of the Royal Navy launched in 1781. Most notably in 1782, while she was under the command of Captain Edward Edwards, a mutiny occurred aboard the vessel that resulted in the hanging of six men, and the flogging of an additional 14. Captain Edwards went on to command HMS Pandora, which was assigned to carry the Bounty mutineers back to England.
Fate
Narcissus was wrecked in 1796.
References
Sixth-rate frigates of the Royal Navy
1781 ships
Ships built in Plymouth, Devon
Maritime incidents in 1796
What Happened Was... is a 1994 American independent film written for the screen, directed by and starring Tom Noonan. It is an adaptation of Noonan's original stage play of the same name.
Premise
The film depicts two people, played by Karen Sillas and Tom Noonan, on a first date; their conversation gradually reveals their lonely lives and hidden personalities.
Reception
What Happened Was... has an overall approval rating of 91% on Rotten Tomatoes.
On the Siskel & Ebert show, Gene Siskel gave the film a thumbs up, stating that "For what is really just one long night of conversation, the stakes and the tension couldn't be any higher if these were two characters having a more conventional action scene." Roger Ebert, however, gave the film a thumbs down, calling it "Contrived" and stating that "There is a lot less here than meets the eye." The film is a favourite of filmmaker Charlie Kaufman.
Year-end lists
10th – Todd Anthony, Miami New Times
Top 9 (not ranked) – Dan Webster, The Spokesman-Review
Top 10 (listed alphabetically, not ranked) – Jimmy Fowler, Dallas Observer
"The second 10" (not ranked) – Sean P. Means, The Salt Lake Tribune
Honorable mention – Howie Movshovitz, The Denver Post
Honorable mention – Jeff Simon, The Buffalo News
Accolades
It won the Grand Jury Prize and the Waldo Salt Screenwriting Award at the 1994 Sundance Film Festival. Noonan was nominated for Best First Screenplay and Karen Sillas for Best Female Lead at the 10th Independent Spirit Awards.
References
External links
Official trailer on YouTube
1994 films
American independent films
1990s English-language films
1990s romantic comedy-drama films
American romantic comedy-drama films
The Samuel Goldwyn Company films
1994 independent films
American films based on plays
1990s American films
Wierzbica-Osiedle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Alteriqipengyuania is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
References
Sphingomonadales
Bacteria genera
"Alpha Ralpha Boulevard" is a science fiction story by American writer Cordwainer Smith, set in his Instrumentality of Mankind universe, concerning the opening days of a sudden radical shift from a controlling, benevolent, but sterile society, to one with individuality, danger and excitement. The story has been reprinted a number of times, including in The Best of Cordwainer Smith and The Rediscovery of Man collections.
Ursula K. Le Guin said that " 'Alpha Ralpha Boulevard' (...) was as important to me as reading Pasternak for the first time."
"Alpha Ralpha Boulevard" was inspired in part by a painting from Smith's childhood, The Storm by Pierre-Auguste Cot, of two young lovers fleeing along a darkening path. Additionally, the names of the two principal characters, together with the conscious attempt to revive a French culture, recall the 18th century French novel Paul et Virginie. According to his widow and second wife, it was also partly about his first wife's attraction to another man. The name of the story is likely derived from that of Ralph Alpher, who himself was convinced of the connection.
The ancient computer in the story is called the Abba-dingo, which some Smith scholars have speculated may mean "Father of Lies"; others have noted similarities to "the French phrase 'l'abbé dingo', or 'mad priest'". It is also evocative of Abednego, who, along with Shadrach and Mesach, survived the Biblical “fiery furnace” in Daniel 3.
Plot summary
The all-powerful Instrumentality government, which in its overprotectiveness has driven the purpose from human existence, decides to turn back the clock to a less sheltered historical human era of 14,000 years before (i.e., our time). Virginia and Paul are enjoying the first moments of the recreations of the old human language, French, reading their first newspapers, and going to their first cafe, where the bugs in process are not resolved to the point of understanding how to use money.
With the restoration of cultural differences and new individuality, old friends Paul and Virginia fall in love. Not everything from the Instrumentality era has vanished, especially the underpeople, a subclass of people bred from animals such as dogs, cats, and bulls to provide manual labor. Paul is accosted by a provocative dog-girl, then by a drunken bull-man, who attacks them. A cat-girl, C'mell, rescues them from physical danger. She directs them to a cafe where Virginia begins to have qualms about the artificial aspects of the personality she's been given, and wonders whether her love for Paul is real or synthesized. She then meets another man she also finds attractive, Macht (a member of the Vomacht family prominent in Smith's future history). Macht tells her of a computer, the Abba-dingo, never understood by the Instrumentality, which has reached the status of a god, able to foretell the future. It can only be reached walking a ruined processional highway leading into the clouds: Alpha Ralpha Boulevard.
The three of them set off along, and up, the highway. Paul becomes worried when he realizes that the highway has no machines to supply food, water or medical help in case of accidents. Macht accidentally activates a moving walkway which carries him up the Boulevard rapidly; Paul and Virginia decide to follow. It transpires that the Boulevard has a large broken section, several kilometers above the ground, spanned only by hanging cables many meters below. Paul and Virginia are thrown off of the broken end of the moving walkway. Virginia's momentum carries her over the gap. Paul collides with the end of the roadway on the far side and has to hang on for dear life while Virginia pulls him up. They discover that Macht is crawling along a cable far below, but realize there is nothing they can do to help him. They continue upward until they finally reach the Abba-dingo, which seems to be an ancient computer system. It has a machine marked "Food", but they are disappointed to find that this no longer works. A machine marked "Meteorological" displays a sign which reads "Typhoon coming". A machine marked "Predictions" is surrounded by mysterious white objects which Paul slowly realizes are the bones of long-dead humans. Virginia puts her hand in a slot marked "Put paper here", which cuts words into her skin: "You will love Paul all your life." After bandaging her hand with a strip torn from his clothing, Paul inserts a strip into the slot. The machine prints "You will love Virginia twenty-one more minutes". Paul "accidentally" loses the strip to the wind and pretends his prediction was the same as hers.
The two set off back down as the typhoon begins lashing the Boulevard with wind and rain. By the time they arrive back at the gap twenty-one minutes later the storm is in full force and they are in danger of being blown off the road or struck by lightning. Macht is nowhere to be seen, having presumably fallen. C'mell reappears and tries to help Virginia, but Virginia recoils from being touched by an underperson and falls to her death. C'mell knocks Paul unconscious so that he will keep still while she carries him across the precarious cables.
Paul awakens at home to find himself being attended by a medical robot. Before C'mell returns to check on him, Paul ponders the nature of the machine that could make such accurate predictions, and grieves for his loss.
C'mell reappears as the title character in "The Ballad of Lost C'Mell", and plays a major role in the novel Norstrilia, in which Paul also makes a cameo appearance.
Footnotes
See also
The Ballad of Lost C'Mell
External links
The Remarkable Science Fiction of Cordwainer Smith
Date of blog post is from the abstract in Elms's archive index. The post is headed "Originally published in Science Fiction Studies, 2013, #120, 40, 209-227", i.e.:
Short stories by Cordwainer Smith
1961 short stories
Works originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction
The Friend of Peace or Friend of Peace of the International Tree of Peace Project (Slovak: Priateľ mieru) is an honorary title and honourable mention awarded since 2020 by Servare et Manere, the Slovak non-governmental organization. This is one of the awards this organization can award for personalities who treasure peace, freedom and mutual understanding and acknowledge the importance of initiatives which serve to enhance the welfare of everyone in society. Servare et Manere honour al those who have made a special contribution to the promotion of understanding between peoples and the bringing together of nations.
Background
Servare et Manere is the founder of an international initiative called Tree of Peace (Slovak: Strom pokoja, Russian: Дерево мира, German: Der Friedensbaum) which is an international project that originated in Slovakia. The project was created on the occasion of the 100th Anniversary of the end of World War I. The main goal of the project is to promote a message of peace by planting the Tree of Peace on every continent. The Tree of Peace officially represents the Slovak Republic under the brand “DOBRÝ NÁPAD SLOVENSKO – GOOD IDEA SLOVAKIA”, under which Slovakia as a country is presented at home and abroad. This initiative is also implemented with the support of the Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs of the Slovak Republic. So far (2020), thirteen Trees of Peace have been planted in important places regarding world history. Six trees have been planted in Slovakia and others in Germany, Serbia, Austria, Poland, Russia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Planted tree in the United States has an official Congressional Record of the proceedings and debates of the United States Congress, published in Washington, Thursday, June 20, 2019, Vol. 165, No. 104.
Friend of Peace
Friend of Peace is an honorary title that for laureates does not imply any obligations. By receiving this title and award, personalities expresses support for the international project Tree of Peace in country of their birth. This honour may also be associated with exclusive Patronage over the Project in a particular country. The number of laureates is not limited. Laureates are entered in a special register. The award was established on January 1, 2020.
List of laureates
Dagmar Havlová, former First Lady of the Czech Republic, actress and founder of the VIZE 97 Foundation.
Archduke Markus Habsburg-Lothringen, great-grandson of Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria and a member of the Tuscan line of the House of Habsburg.
Empress Farah Pahlavi, Shahbanu of Iran.
Soane Patita Paini Cardinal Mafi, Roman Catholic Bishop of Tonga.
His Majesty King Simeon II.
His Majesty Kiingi Tuheitia Pootatau Te Wherowhero VII, the current Maaori King in New Zealand.
Sir Iakoba Taeia Italeli CMT, GCMG the former Governor-General of Tuvalu.
Sir David Suchet, CBE.
Grand Ducal House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
See also
Tree of Peace Memorial Plaque
References
External links
Awards established in 2020
International awards
Peace awards
The Munich Center for Technology in Society (MCTS) is a research center at the Technical University of Munich, dedicated to science and technology studies. It was established in 2012 as of part of the German Universities Excellence Initiative.
Institute for Ethics in Artificial Intelligence
In 2019, the Technical University of Munich announced the establishment of the Institute for Ethics in Artificial Intelligence (IEAI) as part of the MCTS, to investigate the ethics of artificial intelligence. Christoph Lütge serves as the founding director.
Controversies
Facebook is funding the institute with a total of €7.5 million over five years. This has been met with significant criticism. The contractual agreement between the university and the US company was kept secret, though the "Facebook Unrestricted Gift Letter" became public. For the grant, the company reserves the right to stop paying out further funding at any time after its payment of an initial margin of $1.5 million, without giving reasons. This was interpreted by politicians and the media as a threat to refrain from publishing unfavorable research results. The agreement also explicitly states that the institute must be led by founding director Christoph Lütge. Lütge holds an endowed chair in business ethics at TUM, endowed by former Siemens executive Peter Löscher. Should the university wish to appoint another institute director, it would require the prior written approval of Facebook.
Christian Kreiss, a professor at , criticized the university for becoming Facebook's extended marketing arm through this funding. Alexander Filipović, a professor of media ethics at the Munich School of Philosophy, said that while he was concerned, he trusted the university.
Chris Köver wrote on Netzpolitik.org that after Sheryl Sandberg announced the partnership, many media outlets "from Tagesschau to Süddeutsche Zeitung" immediately reported on the company's commitment to ethics in AI. Köver wrote: "Facebook has bought a comparatively cheap image campaign in the German media landscape this way for 6.6 million euros."
References
Technical University of Munich
Research institutes in Germany
2012 establishments in Germany
Research institutes established in 2012
The 1923 Marquette Golden Avalanche football team was an American football team that represented Marquette University as an independent during the 1923 college football season. In its second season under head coach Frank Murray, the team compiled an 8–0 record.
Schedule
References
Marquette
Marquette Golden Avalanche football seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Marquette Golden Avalanche football
Brothers was a Manly ferry owned and operated by John and Joseph Gerard. She was built in 1847 by Thomas Chowney Pyrmont in New South Wales for use on Sydney Harbour.
Concept and construction
Brothers was a small timber paddle wheel steam ship and one of the earliest constructed in the colony.
A sporadic ferry service to the Manly area had been established in the 1830s provided by a small sailing ketch operated by Barney Kearns and that service ran between Balgowlah and Balmoral after which passengers had to head overland to Milson's Point and then be rowed across the harbour by a waterman. It did not last long and passengers faced a long and difficult overland trip.
Service history
Brothers began her career on Saturday, 9 October 1847 initially engaged to run from Windmill Street in The Rocks to Blues Point from 8am until 6.30pm. It is unlikely that she ran to a timetable, probably only doing the trip when there was a demand. In 1848 she shifted to the Manly route on a sporadic service which was to change in 1853 when Henry Gilbert Smith chartered the vessel following his opening up of Manly as a holiday destination. In this role she became the first scheduled ferry between Manly and Sydney along her with running mate, the 1858-built PS Phantom.
Brothers remained on the Manly route for some years and was eventually sold to Port Stephens where she was hulked and used as a timber store, eventually being broken up in 1886.
See also
List of Sydney Harbour ferries
Timeline of Sydney Harbour ferries
Notes
Bibliography
.
.
.
External links
Brothers entry at Ferries of Sydney
Ships built in New South Wales
1847 ships
Ferries of New South Wales
Ferry transport in Sydney
Marie of Brittany (1268–1339) was the daughter of John II, Duke of Brittany, and Beatrice of England. She is also known as Marie de Dreux.
Family
Her maternal grandparents were Henry III of England and Eleanor of Provence, Henry was a son of King John of England. John was son of Henry II of England and his wife Eleanor of Aquitaine.
Her sister was Blanche of Brittany, wife to Philip of Artois and mother of Margaret of Artois, Robert III of Artois and Joan of Artois, Countess of Foix. Margaret was mother of Jeanne d'Évreux, Queen of France.
Marriage
She married Guy IV, Count of Saint-Pol, in 1292, their children were as follows:
John of Châtillon (d. 1344), Count of Saint Pol
James of Châtillon (d.s.p. 1365), Lord of Ancre
Mahaut of Châtillon (1293–1358), married Charles of Valois
Beatrix of Châtillon, married in 1315 Jean de Dampierre, Lord of Crèvecœur
Isabeau of Châtillon (d. May 19, 1360), married in May 1311 Guillaume I de Coucy, Lord of Coucy
Marie of Châtillon, married Aymer de Valence, 2nd Earl of Pembroke
Eleanor of Châtillon, married Jean III Malet, Lord of Granville
Joan of Châtillon, married Miles de Noyers, Lord of Maisy
Descendants
Through her daughter Mahaut, Marie was the maternal grandmother of Marie of Valois, Isabella of Valois, who became Duchess of Bourbon and was the mother of Louis II, Duke of Bourbon, and Joanna of Bourbon, who became Queen of France. Mahaut's other daughter was Blanche of Valois, who married Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV and was the mother of Katharine of Bohemia.
Ancestry
References
1268 births
1339 deaths
House of Dreux
13th-century French people
13th-century French women
14th-century French people
14th-century French women
The Velasco Ministry was a short-lived government of Spain headed by Manuel de Vadillo y Velasco which served between 15 April 1714 and 30 November 1714 during the reign of Philip V of Spain.
Although as Secretary he could be considered Chief Minister, real power was invested in the time in the hands of royal favourites such as the Princesse des Ursins a practice that would continue intermittently for the remainder of the eighteenth century. His fall brought to power José de Grimaldo who would become the first Secretary of State to gain real power as Chief Minister, and would hold the post four times.
Bibliography
Carr, Raymond. Spain: A History. Oxford, 2002.
Spanish governments
1714 establishments in Spain
1714 disestablishments in Spain
Season summary
1860 Munich finished fourth in the Bundesliga and qualified for the Champions League third qualifying round.
Kit
1860 Munich's kit was manufactured by Nike and sponsored by tourism company FTI.
First team squad
Squad at end of season
Left club during season
Competitions
Legend
Bundesliga
League table
References
Notes
TSV 1860 Munich seasons
TSV 1860 Munchen
The qahal () was a theocratic organizational structure in ancient Israelite society according to the Hebrew Bible. The Ashkenazi Jewish system of a self-governing community or kehila from medieval Christian Europe (France, Germany, Italy) was later adopted further east by the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth (16th–18th centuries) and its successors, with an elected council of laymen, the kahal, at the helm of each kehila. This institution was exported also further to the east as Jewish settlement advanced. In Poland it was abolished in 1822, and in most of the Russian Empire in 1844.
Etymology and meaning
The Hebrew word qahal, which is a close etymological relation of the name of Qoheleth (Ecclesiastes), comes from a root meaning "convoked [group]"; its Arabic cognate, qāla, means to speak.
Where the Masoretic Text uses the term qahal, the Septuagint usually uses the Koine Greek term ekklesia, , which means "summoned group" (literally, "they who are called out"). However, in one particular part of the Priestly Code, the Septuagint instead uses the term , literally meaning "gathering", where the Masoretic Text uses qahal. This last term is the origin of the word for "synagogue" in Hebrew.
Thus, the usual translation of qahal is "congregation" or "assembly", although asuppot, ʻaṣarah, ʻedah, moʻed, miqra, and sod are also usually translated like this.
In particular, the Biblical text consistently distinguishes between ʻedah and qahal. One passage especially makes the distinction clear; part of the Priestly Code discusses what to do if "the whole Israelite [ʻedah] commits a sin and the [qahal] is not aware of it[.]" Scholars conclude that the qahal must be a judicial body composed of representatives of the ʿedah; in some biblical passages, ʻedah is more accurately translated as "swarm".
Biblical exclusions
The Book of Deuteronomy prohibits certain members of the ʿedah from taking part in the qahal of Yahweh. In particular, it excludes mamzers, and men who were forcibly emasculated. The descendants of mamzers, up to the tenth generation, were also prohibited by this law code from taking part in the "congregation of Yahweh".
The term employed in the Septuagint for 'eunuch' () most commonly refers to forcibly emasculated men, but it is also used there to denote certain foreign political officials (resembling the meaning of eunuch). This category does not include men who were born without visible testicles (conditions including cryptorchidism), or without a visible penis (conditions including hermaphroditism). There is a dispute, even in traditional Judaism, about whether this prohibited group of men should include those who have become, at some point since their birth, emasculated as the result of a disease.
No explanation of the word mamzer is given in the Masoretic Text, but the Septuagint translates it as "son of a prostitute" (). In the Talmud, it is suggested that the word mamzer derives from mum zar, meaning a strange blemish, and thus suggesting illicit parentage in some sense. There are differing opinions in the Talmud as to what this consists of, but the universally accepted ruling refers to the offspring of adultery (defined as relations with a married woman) or incest, as defined in the Book of Leviticus.
In the Talmud, there is a fierce dispute about whether or not the term mamzer included a child who had a Jewish mother, and a father who is either non-Jewish or a slave (or both); although the Talmud eventually concludes that this is not the case, a number of scholars now suspect that this was actually the original definition of mamzer. Abraham Geiger, a prominent Jewish scholar and rabbi of the mid 19th century, suggested that the etymological origin of mamzer might be me'am zar, which means belonging to a foreign people.
The Talmud interprets the exclusion of certain people from the qahal as a prohibition against ordinary Jews marrying such people. Additionally, the biblical reference to the "tenth generation" was interpreted, by the classical rabbis, as an idiom meaning "forever"; thus the Talmud forbids all the descendants - forever - of these people, from being married to ordinary Jews.
In Poland-Lithuania
In the 16th century, Jewish communities in the south of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth began to set up new kahals to administer tax collection. Strictly speaking, the kahal was the elected lay leadership of the kehila (community). A kahal had a minimum of 8 members, and in average Jewish communities had a membership of 22–35 individuals. Their executives were elected by the local Jewish community, and consisted of 4 elders (Hebrew: zeqenim) with a further 3–5 honorary members (Hebrew: tovim). There was one kahal for each Jewish community, although smaller kahals were often made subject to larger ones.
These Polish-Lithuanian kahals quickly came to be politically autonomous bodies with major regulatory control over Jewish communities in the region. The kahals acted as autonomous administration within each town, having jurisdiction over the local Jewish population and the legal right to regulate the contact between Poles and Jews in all their social, economical and political aspects. Within the community, they administered commerce, hygiene, sanitation, charity (cf. tzedakah, mitzvot, halukkah), Jewish education, application of dietary laws (kashrut), and relations between landlords and their tenants. They provided a number of community facilities, such as a rabbi, a ritual bath (mikveh), and interest-free loans (gemachen). Kahals even had sufficient authority that they could arrange for individuals to be expelled from synagogues, excommunicating them (herem).
However, rich and powerful individuals gradually began to dominate the kahals, abusing their position for their own benefit. As a result, by the 18th century, many ordinary Jews had begun to clamour for the abolition of those institutions.
The researchers are still debating to what degree the official abolition of the kahal system (1822 in Congress Poland, and 1844 throughout the Russian Empire) was circumvented by the Jewish communities, who had internalised very deeply the spirit of local communal rule and gathered around legal associations such as the khevre kadisha (burial society). Some see the kahal-style self-administration reach far into the second half of the nineteenth century; others however, claim that the Polish magnates had usurped much of the kahals autonomy well before 1800, and others still see deep inner changes predating even the Polish partitions (1770s-90s).
After the 1844 official abolition in the Russian Empire, the kahals "continued to exist only in the Baltic region [of Russia]. Afterwards, Jewish communities were only given jurisdiction over religious and charitable affairs, and occasionally over education."
Conspiracy theories
The kahal exists as a theme in the antisemitic conspiracy theory literature. The theme originated with Jacob Brafman, a Russian Jew who had a falling out with Minsk kahal tax-agents, and to get revenge converted first to Lutheranism and then to Russian Orthodoxy, authoring polemics against the Talmud and the kahal. Brafmann authored the books The Local and Universal Jewish Brotherhoods (1868) and The Book of the Kahal (1869), claiming that the kahal was an international network under the control of the Alliance Israélite Universelle, its aim being to undermine Christian entrepreneurs, taking over their property and ultimately seizing power. This theory was taken up by anti-Jewish publications in Russia and by some Russian officials, such as P. A. Cherevin and Nikolay Pavlovich Ignatyev, who in the 1880s urged governor-generals of provinces to seek out a supposed "universal Jewish kahal."
Brafmann's image of the qahal spread throughout the world, making its way to the United States by 1881, as it was translated by Zénaïde Alexeïevna Ragozin in The Century Magazine. It prepared the groundwork for The Protocols of the Elders of Zion, and the word qahal features in that text. It is also discussed in other conspiracy works such as Edith Starr Miller's Occult Theocrasy (1933), which ties it to the Illuminati.
See also
Aljama, Spanish name for a Jewish (or Muslim) community in Medieval Spain
Forbidden relationships in Judaism
Jewish ghettos in Europe, a neighbourhood where Jews lived together.
Kehilla (modern), early 20th century successors to the Central/Eastern European qahal
Kenesa
Shtetl, Yiddish names for Central/Eastern European Jewish settlements
Synagogue
References
Further reading
Seltzer, Robert M. (1980) Jewish People, Jewish Thought: The Jewish Experience in History. New York: MacMillan.
Jewish communities
Jewish marital law
Jewish political organizations
Jewish society
Violence & Force is the second studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter, released through Megaforce Records in February 1984. The album was produced by The Rods drummer Carl Canedy, who had already produced Anthrax's debut album Fistful of Metal.
The album was reissued in 1999 by SPV/Steamhammer with the same track listing and again in 2004 by Megaforce, without the song "Evil Sinner".
Track listing
Personnel
Exciter
Dan Beehler − vocals, drums
John Ricci − guitar, backing vocals
Allan Johnson – bass, backing vocals
Production
Carl Canedy – producer
Exciter – arrangements
Chris Bubacz – engineer
Alex Perialas – assistant engineer
Jack Skinner – mastering at Sterling Sound, New York
Jon Zazula – executive producer
Andy Brown – artwork
References
1984 albums
Exciter (band) albums
Megaforce Records albums
Sir Leo Arthur Hielscher, (born 1 October 1926) is an Australian senior public servant and administrator. He retired on 30 June 2010 after 19 years as chairman of the Queensland Treasury Corporation. He has been acclaimed as one of the key figures responsible for transforming Queensland's economy in the late 20th century and early 21st century.
Leo Hielscher was educated at Brisbane State High School and University of Queensland (BComm, AAUQ). He joined the Queensland Public Service in 1942. He was the Under Treasurer of Queensland for 14 years (1974–1988) and before that, 10 years as Deputy Under Treasurer. He was then appointed Chairman of the Queensland Treasury Corporation Advisory Board in 1988. In 1991, the Advisory Board became the Queensland Treasury Corporation Board and Sir Leo was appointed as its inaugural Chairman.
Sir Leo had more than fifty years' experience in the areas of government, the banking and finance industry, domestic and global financial markets, superannuation industry and as an independent Company Director.
Sir Leo is also the inaugural Chairman of Austsafe Ltd (an industry Superannuation fund); Chairman of the Independent Superannuation Preservation Fund, and the Queensland Health Reform Advisory Panel, a Commissioner of the Local Government Reform Commission and a Director of the American Australian Association Ltd. As a Company Director, Sir Leo has considerable experience at Board level and has been associated with a number of public and private sector Boards.
Sir Leo was awarded an Eisenhower Fellowship in 1973, a Knight Bachelor in 1987, an Honorary Doctorate of Griffith University in 1993, and a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC) in 2004.
On 16 May 2010, the Queensland Government led by Anna Bligh renamed the bridge known as the Gateway Bridge and its newly constructed duplicate the Sir Leo Hielscher Bridges.
Personal life
Sir Leo is married to Lady (Mary Ellen) Hielscher, they have three children, Barry Allan (deceased 1967), Ross and Kerri, and three grandchildren, Claire, Emily and Lyndon.
References
1926 births
Living people
Australian Knights Bachelor
Companions of the Order of Australia
Australian public servants
People educated at Brisbane State High School
Queensland Greats
David John Pipes (born 26 April 1977) is an English cricketer. Pipes is a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. He was born in Lincoln, Lincolnshire.
Pipes made a single first-class appearance for Nottinghamshire at the age of 17 against Oxford University. In this match he was dismissed for a single run in Nottinghamshire's first-innings by Chris Hollins, while in their second-innings he scored 11 unbeaten runs. He also bowled 8 wicket-less overs. He never appeared for Nottinghamshire again.
Pipes later made his debut for Lincolnshire in the 2000 Minor Counties Championship against Northumberland. Pipes played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 2000 to 2003, which included 23 Minor Counties Championship matches and 10 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. He made his List A debut against Lancashire in the 2000 NatWest Trophy. He played 4 further List A match for Lincolnshire, the last coming against Cheshire in the 2nd round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002. In his 5 matches, he took 3 wickets at an average of 57.66, with best figures of 3/24.
References
External links
David Pipes at ESPNcricinfo
David Pipes at CricketArchive
1977 births
Living people has a daughter Kaitlin (boxer)
Cricketers from Lincoln, England
English cricketers
Nottinghamshire cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Selmania is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae, found in Africa. Most of the species in the genus were originally placed in Rhembastus.
The genus was originally named Massartia by Brian John Selman in 1965, but it was later found that the name had already been used for a dinoflagellate and a hemipteran. Because of this, Stefano Zoia renamed the genus to Selmania in 2019.
Species
Eight species are included in the genus:
Selmania albertiana (Burgeon, 1941)
Selmania colasposomoides (Burgeon, 1941)
Selmania hartmanni Zoia, 2019
Selmania irregularis (Jacoby, 1900)
Selmania minima (Burgeon, 1942)
Selmania nigrita (Selman, 1972)
Selmania schoutedeni (Burgeon, 1941)
Selmania sprecherae (Zoia, 2010)
References
Eumolpinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Beetles of Africa
Al Ghamr (; ) is an area in Wadi Arabah, Aqaba Governorate, Jordan.
History
The area was occupied by Israeli forces after the Six-Day War in 1967 and a Nahal settlement was founded in 1968 where Bildad Camp is now. In 1975, it was established as a moshav, to be known as Tzofar, by city residents and native moshavniks and moved several kilometers north to reach is modern site.
After the Israel–Jordan peace treaty of 1994, Israel transferred a portion of the area to Jordanian control but rented the land so that Israeli workers from the moshav could continue to cultivate it. The 25-year renewable lease lasted until 2019 and the Jordanian government announced the end of the lease. The treaty gives Jordan the right to do so on the condition that one years' notice is given, which coincided with the announcement in October 2018.
The enclave is next to Tzofar, which comprises 4,500 dunams, of which 1,500 dunams are cultivated as agricultural land, including greenhouses. In practice, it was a demilitarized zone that allowed the residents of Tzofar to do agricultural work from morning until nightfall.
In October 2019, Israeli officials said that King Abdullah II of Jordan agreed that Israeli farmers can continue working their crops in Al Ghamr enclave for another season. Jordan denied the Israeli officials' claim and said the decision to take the land was "final and decisive". Abdullah II said that as of November 10, 2019, Israeli farmers will be banned from entering Al Ghamr enclave.
During late April 2020 the land was handed back to Jordanian control.
References
Aqaba Governorate
Joseph John Daly (September 21, 1868 – March 21, 1943) was a Major League Baseball outfielder and catcher. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association in , their last year of existence. He later played in one game for the 1891 Cleveland Spiders and one game for the 1892 Boston Beaneaters.
His brother, Tom Daly, also played professional baseball.
External links
Major League Baseball outfielders
Major League Baseball catchers
19th-century baseball players
Philadelphia Athletics (AA) players
Cleveland Spiders players
Boston Beaneaters players
Baseball players from Philadelphia
1868 births
1943 deaths
Columbia Senators players
People from Conshohocken, Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
St. Lawrence's Church, Dingwall is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Dingwall, Ross-shire, in Scotland and is a part of the RC Diocese of Aberdeen. The building is significant for the high quality of its stained glass windows and carved woodwork.
History
The church was opened on 29 July 1902. The chief subscriber was Mr Duncan Chisholm of Pitglassie. The church contains stained glass windows depicting St Jude, St Lawrence and St Anthony by Dom Ninian Sloane of Pluscarden Abbey. Also of note are the detailed carved shrine surrounds by Brother Auer of Fort Augustus Abbey whose brother was a parish priest of the church in the 1930s.
References
External links
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United Kingdom
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1902
Saint Lawrence
Gothic Revival church buildings in Scotland
Below Her Mouth is a 2016 Canadian erotic romantic drama film directed by April Mullen and written by Stephanie Fabrizi. The film stars Natalie Krill as Jasmine and Erika Linder as Dallas, two women in Toronto who meet and begin a passionate love affair. The cast also includes Tommie-Amber Pirie, Mayko Nguyen, Elise Bauman, Melanie Leishman, and Sebastian Pigott.
Plot
While having sex with her girlfriend Joslyn, a roofer named Dallas finds herself sexually frustrated by not being able to fully have an orgasm while Joslyn has a massive one. Despite Joslyn's pleas that she's in love with Dallas, Dallas breaks off with her, believing that Joslyn can no longer sexually satisfy her. Meanwhile we are shown Jasmine who is a successful fashion designer who is happily engaged to a man named Rile. He leaves her behind while going on a business trip. Later that night Jasmine, despite claiming to be straight, goes to a lesbian bar with her friend Claire, to be her wing woman. While in the bar's bathroom, Jasmine meets Dallas who finds herself to be immediately attracted to Jasmine.
Dallas soon hits on Jasmine, despite the latter telling her that she's engaged and tries to excuse herself to find Claire, only to find that her friend is already dancing and making out with another woman. No longer having an excuse, Jasmine leaves, only to have Dallas follow her and make out with her. While Jasmine initially resists, it soon becomes consensual and she kisses Dallas back before finally breaking the kiss and making Claire leave with her. Jasmine tells Claire about the kiss but Claire tells Jasmine not to worry about it as she is a faithful person. Jasmine says that it will never happen again, while it is shown that back in the bar Dallas picks up another woman. The next morning after Dallas leaves for work, it is shown that she is currently working on roofing the house next to Jasmine's. Jasmine soon starts to find herself attracted to Dallas as well; she starts to masturbate to Dallas in her bath tub after seeing her from her window.
Although Jasmine rejects Dallas once again while on her way to work, seeing a naked woman model for her soon awakens a lust for Jasmine that makes her finally admit defeat and agrees to have one date with Dallas. In a bar Dallas wastes no time and tries to get intimate with Jasmine, who despite her best attempts to resist, soon makes out with Dallas in an alleyway but then asks Dallas to take her somewhere else once she sees a garbageman near them. Dallas takes Jasmine back to her apartment where the two engage in passionate sex, after which Jasmine starts to cry after realizing she has cheated on her fiance, but is soon comforted by Dallas. After waking up in the morning Jasmine receives a call from Rile and while initially feeling guilty, decides not to tell him what has happened. After hanging up, Dallas and Jasmine start to get to know each other more with Dallas telling her how she became a roofer and Jasmine revealing that she once had feelings for another girl when she was younger, but decided not to pursue this after her mother found out. While spending the day together Jasmine reveals how she once had an amazing opportunity in her career, but turned it down as it would have required her to move; she had sacrificed it for Rile who also gained a similar chance with his work, to which Dallas tells her she would have moved with Jasmine if they were in a relationship.
The next morning starts with the two women again having passionate and urgent sex since Rile will be returning the day after. While dropping Jasmine back home Dallas attempts to have sex one last time since Jasmine tells her they won't be able to see each other after that night. Jasmine's best efforts to resist this fail, and she succumbs. Meanwhile Rile calls Jasmine to inform her that he is coming home after a rain storm caused his trip to be cancelled early, but she is too engaged in having sex with Dallas to notice his message. Jasmine and Dallas move their lovemaking to the bathroom and after a while Rile walks in on them. Rile leaves, with Jasmine chasing after him while Dallas goes back home. Rile agrees to forgive Jasmine if she breaks up with Dallas for good, which she does after sharing a heartbreaking farewell and a last kiss. In the days that follow the two women are shown to be miserable without each other as Dallas is once again sexually frustrated even after having an erotic encounter with a stripper and Jasmine cries when Rile attempts to have sex with her, knowing that she will never be the same fiancée for him, ever again.
Sometime later Dallas and Jasmine meet up where they reconcile as Jasmine reveals she told her friends everything about Dallas.
Cast
Production
The film was shot in Toronto over a period of three and a half weeks in 2015 with an all-female production crew, and subsequently premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival, followed by a simultaneous release in the United States on April 28, 2017.
Critical reception
The film received generally negative reviews from critics; on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 21% based on reviews from 28 critics, with an average rating of 4.5/10, and on Metacritic, it received an average score of 42 out of 100, based on 9 reviews from mainstream critics, indicating "mixed or average".
Diego Semerene of Slant Magazine gave the film 0.5 stars out of 4, writing, "The film is an unquestionably pornographic fantasy barely trying to pass as something other than masturbation material." He added, "Below Her Mouths stiff acting and dialogue suggest a misguided Blue Is the Warmest Color influence reduced to the sexy aesthetics of lesbian sex but completely oblivious to that which actually animates the film's impossibly beautiful, unbearably smooth, and perpetually horny bodies." Guy Lodge of Variety described it as "a sexually frank but narratively flimsy girl-meets-girl romance that never gets under its gorgeous characters' amply exposed skin." Frank Scheck of The Hollywood Reporter called it "an undeniably steamy effort that delivers plenty of heat in its sex scenes, while falling significantly short in dramatic terms."
Katie Walsh of the Los Angeles Times said: "Despite the female filmmakers at the helm, the film treads into exploitative territory, with the ratio of screen time given to writhing female bodies far outweighing that given to their unique experiences as gay or closeted women in the world." Jude Dry of Indiewire wrote: "What, exactly, is below her mouth? Her chin? Her body? Her entire mind and spirit? It's a fittingly ambiguous title for a directionless film, late night fare that will be enjoyed by just as many horny men as horny teenage lesbians."
Home media
The film was made available as video on demand on Amazon Video on April 29, 2017; followed by Netflix on August 1, 2017.
See also
List of LGBT-related films directed by women
References
External links
2016 films
2016 LGBT-related films
2016 romantic drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s erotic drama films
Canadian erotic drama films
Canadian LGBT-related films
Canadian romantic drama films
English-language Canadian films
Erotic romance films
Films directed by April Mullen
Films set in Toronto
Lesbian-related films
LGBT-related romantic drama films
2010s Canadian films
John Huband (c. 1544 – 24 December 1583), of Leominster, Herefordshire; Hillbarrow, Ippsley and Temple Grafton, Warwickshire was a Member of Parliament for Warwickshire in 1571 and 1572.
References
1544 births
1583 deaths
People from Leominster
People from Warwickshire
English MPs 1571
English MPs 1572–1583
The 1998 United States Senate election in Louisiana was held November 3, 1998. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator John Breaux won re-election to a third term. , this is the last time that the Democrats have won the Class 3 Senate seat from Louisiana.
Major candidates
Democratic
John Breaux, incumbent U.S. Senator
Republican
Jim Donelon, State Representative
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
United States Senate
Louisiana
1998
Calderonia is a genus of grasshoppers in the subfamily Catantopinae with no tribe assigned. Species can be found in Madagascar.
Species
The Orthoptera Species File lists a monotypic species Calderonia biplagiata Bolívar, 1908.
References
External Links
Acrididae genera
Catantopinae
Orthoptera of Africa
Monotypic Orthoptera genera
Defence Industries Corporation of Nigeria (DICON) is the state-run defense corporation of Nigeria and operated by the Nigerian Armed Forces. It is responsible for the production of defense equipment and civilian products.
History
DICON was established in 1964 through an act of parliament in the Nigerian National Assembly.
From 2018 to March 2021, Major General Victor Okwudili Ezugwu was appointed as DICON's director-general.
Major General MO Uzoh was appointed DG in March 2021.
Products
It makes licensed copies of the Mills M36M (M36) handgrenade, Browning P-35 (NP-1) pistol, Beretta M12 (PMG-12) submachine gun, Beretta BM59 and FN FAL (NR1 Model 7.62) battle rifles, FN MAG (GPMG) machinegun, and RPG-7 (RPG) rocket launcher. The OBJ-006, a copy of the 7.62mm AK-47 assault rifle, is produced by DICON in 2006.
DICON has recently procured rights to manufacture a copy of the Polish FB 5.56mm Kbs wz.96 Beryl assault rifle, possibly to replace the FAL and/or AK-47 in service.
From 2012 to 2019, DICON and Marom Dolphin signed an agreement to establish a joint venture to produce ballistic vests. In 2013, DICON officials denied allegations that Nigerian-made ballistic vests from DICON factories are made under substandard conditions. After the contract expiration with Marom Dolphin, DICON Special Equipment was birthed, which is a collaboration between DICON and Imperium Industries Nig. Ltd.
The DICON Special Equipment specializes in the production of bulletproof vests, Helmets, Coveralls, Uniforms and other related items.
On October 3, 2019, DICON unveiled its first armored vehicle, known as the Ezugwu MRAP. The MRAP was made in collaboration with the Nigerian Army Command Engineering Depot. It was named after Major General Victor Ezugwu, who was known for his efforts in fighting against Boko Haram, who is the director-general of DICON at the end of 2018. This was publicly shown in a ceremony by Chief of Army Staff Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai at the Abuja International Trade Fair Complex during a Nigerian Army Day event.
In the coronavirus outbreak in 2020, DICON has produced ventilators, face shields, face masks and hand sanitizers.
References
External links
Military industry
Manufacturing companies of Nigeria
Defence companies of Nigeria
Military of Nigeria
Manufacturing companies established in 1964
1964 establishments in Nigeria
Companies based in Kaduna State
Kaduna
Alexis Demetrea Prousis (born 27 September 1984) is an American former professional tennis player.
An Illinois local, Prousis played collegiate tennis for Northwestern University between 2003 and 2007. A two-time All-American, she won the NCAA doubles championship in 2006, partnering Cristelle Grier. The pair were just the second in history from a Big Ten Conference team to win an NCAA title.
Prousis featured in the women's doubles main draw at the 2006 US Open and competed briefly on the professional tour after leaving college. She reached a career high singles ranking of 285 and won an ITF title in Los Mochis in 2008.
ITF finals
Singles: 1 (1–0)
Doubles: 4 (1–3)
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
American female tennis players
Tennis people from Illinois
Northwestern Wildcats women's tennis players
21st-century American women
The Magritte Award for Best Actress (French: Magritte de la meilleure actrice) is an award presented annually by the Académie André Delvaux. It is given in honor of an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role while working within the film industry. It is one of the Magritte Awards, which were established to recognize excellence in Belgian cinematic achievements.
The 1st Magritte Awards ceremony was held in 2011 with Anne Coesens receiving the award for her role in Illegal. As of the 2022 ceremony, Jo Deseure is the most recent winner in this category for her role in Madly in Life.
Winners and nominees
In the list below, winners are listed first in the colored row, followed by the other nominees.
2010s
2020s
References
External links
Magritte Awards official website
Magritte Award for Best Actress at AlloCiné
2011 establishments in Belgium
Awards established in 2011
Film awards for lead actress
Actress
Risoba sticticata is a species of moth of the family Nolidae first described by Alice Ellen Prout in 1924. It is found in New Guinea.
References
External links
Original description: Prout, A. E. (1924). "Some Apparently New Noctuidae from Sumatra, New Guinea, Mefor and Buru". Bulletin of the Hill Museum. 1: 430.
Nolidae
Moths of New Guinea
Moths described in 1924
Ward No. 12, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 2, covering parts of Shyambazar (Fariapukur) neighbourhood in North Kolkata, in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
Attempts were made to establish a municipal corporation at Kolkata from the middle of the 19th century. The electoral system was introduced for the first time in 1847, and 4 of the 7 board members were elected by the rate payers. In 1852 the board was replaced by a new one and in 1863 a new body was formed. As per old records, in 1872 there were 25 wards in Kolkata (spellings as in use at that time) – 1. Shyampukur, 2. Kumartuli, 3. Bartala, 4. Sukea Street, 5. Jorabagan, 6. Jorasanko, 7. Barabazar, 8. Kolutola, 9. Muchipara, 10. Boubazar, 11. Padmapukur, 12. Waterloo Street, 13. Fenwick Bazar, 14. Taltala, 15. Kalinga, 16. Park Street, 17. Victoria Terrace, 18. Hastings, 19. Entali, 20. Beniapukur, 21. Baliganj-Tollyganj, 22. Bhabanipur, 23. Alipur, 24.Ekbalpur and 25. Watganj. A new municipal corporation was created in 1876, wherein 48 commissioners were elected and 24 were appointed by the government. With the implementation of the Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 the area under the jurisdiction of the municipal corporation was enlarged. Certain areas were already there but more parts of them were added (current spellings) - Entally, Manicktala, Beliaghata, Ultadanga, Chitpur, Cossipore, Beniapukur, Ballygunge, Watganj and Ekbalpur, and Garden Reach and Tollygunj. The Act of 1923 brought about important changes. It liberalised the constitution along democratic lines.
The state government superseded the Corporation in 1948 and the Calcutta Municipal Act of 1951 came into force. Adult franchise was introduced in municipal elections in 1962. With the addition of certain areas in the southern parts of the city, the number of wards increased from 75 to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 12 is bordered on the north and the east by the Circular Canal; on the south by Sri Aurobindo Sarani; and on the west by Acharya Prafulla Chandra Road.
The ward is served by Ultadanga police station of Kolkata Police.
Ultadanga Women police station covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the Eastern Suburban division of Kolkata Police, i.e Beliaghata, Entally, Maniktala, Narkeldanga, Ultadanga, Tangra and Phoolbagan.
Demographics
As per 2011 Census of India Ward No. 12, Kolkata Municipal Corporation had a total population of 21,493, of which 11,844 (55%) were males and 9,609 (45%) were females. Population below 6 years was 1,455. The total number of literates in Ward No. 12 was 17,023 (84.95% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Maniktala (Vidhan Sabha constituency).
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
Shmil Ben Ari (; born February 7, 1952) is an Israeli actor.
Biography
Born in Jerusalem, to a Sephardic Jewish family with parents who emigrated from Morocco and Tunisia. He studied at Beit Zvi.
As an actor, Ben Ari was the star of the award-winning TV series Meorav Yerushalmi (Jerusalem Mix), popular shows such as Hostages, Zinzana, Merhav Yarkon, Our Boys and Rechov Sumsum and films such as An Electric Blanket Named Moshe (for which he received an Israeli Film Academy Best Actor Award), Buzz, Life According To Agfa, Lovesick on Nana Street, Nina's Tragedies and Yana's Friends.
As a voice actor, Ben Ari performed the Hebrew voice of Shifu in the Kung Fu Panda franchise as well as Don Lino in Shark Tale.
Awards
1994 Israeli Film Academy Award for Best Leading Actor – An Electric Blanket Named Moshe 2004 Israeli Television Academy Award for Best Actor in a drama – Meorav Yerushalmi 2008 Israeli Film Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor – Lost Islands''
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Beit Zvi School for the Performing Arts alumni
Israeli male film actors
Israeli male stage actors
Israeli male television actors
Israeli male voice actors
Israeli people of Moroccan-Jewish descent
Israeli people of Tunisian-Jewish descent
Israeli Sephardi Jews
Jewish Israeli male actors
Male actors from Jerusalem
Israeli Mizrahi Jews
20th-century Israeli male actors
21st-century Israeli male actors
My Favorite Husband is the name of an American radio program and network television series. The original radio show, starring Lucille Ball, evolved into the groundbreaking television sitcom I Love Lucy. The series was based on the novels Mr. and Mrs. Cugat, the Record of a Happy Marriage (1940) and Outside Eden (1945) written by Isabel Scott Rorick, the earliest of which had previously been adapted into the Paramount Pictures feature film Are Husbands Necessary? (1942), co-starring Ray Milland and Betty Field.
Radio
My Favorite Husband was first broadcast as a one-time special on CBS Radio on July 5, 1948. CBS's new series Our Miss Brooks had been delayed coming to the air, so to fill in the gap that week CBS aired the audition program (the radio equivalent of a television pilot) for My Favorite Husband. Lucille Ball and Lee Bowman played the characters of Liz and George Cugat, and a positive response to this broadcast convinced CBS to launch My Favorite Husband as a series. Bowman was not available to do the series, so when it debuted later that month it starred Lucille Ball and Richard Denning as the leads. The couple lived at 321 Bundy Drive in the fictitious city of Sheridan Falls, and were billed as "two people who live together and like it."
The episode would progress into a minor crisis or problem, typically caused by one of Liz's funny ideas. Each episode would end with the problem solved and Liz saying, "Thanks, George. You're my favorite husband."
Beginning with the 26th episode, on January 7, 1949, confusion with bandleader Xavier Cugat prompted a name change to Cooper. On this same episode the series, which had begun as a sustaining program, acquired Jell-O as its sponsor. An average of three "plugs" for Jell-O were made in each episode. The show opened with:
Bob LeMond: It's time for My Favorite Husband starring Lucille Ball!
Lucille Ball: Jell-O, everybody!
Theme music [composed by Marlin Skiles, conducted by Wilbur Hatch]
LeMond: Yes, it's the new gay family series starring Lucille Ball with Richard Denning, brought to you by the Jell-O family of desserts:
Singers:
J-E-L-L-
O! The big red letters stand for the Jell-O family,
Oh, the big red letters stand for the Jell-O family,
That's Jell-O!
Yum, yum, yum!
Jell-O pudding!
Yum, yum, yum!
Jell-O tapioca pudding, yes sir-ee!
LeMond: And now, Lucille Ball with Richard Denning as Liz and George Cooper, two people who live together and like it.
A total of 124 episodes of the program aired from July 23, 1948, through March 31, 1951. It was initially written by Frank Fox and Bill Davenport, who were the writers for radio's Ozzie and Harriet. The show portrayed the Cugats as a well-to-do banker and his socially prominent wife. That fall, after about ten episodes had been written, Fox and Davenport departed and three new writers took over – Bob Carroll Jr., Madelyn Pugh, and head writer/producer Jess Oppenheimer. They subsequently changed the couple's name to Cooper and remade them into a middle-class couple, which they thought average listeners would find more accessible. In March 1949, Gale Gordon took over the existing role of George's boss, Rudolph Atterbury, and Bea Benaderet was added as his wife, Iris.
One discovery made during the run of the show was that Lucille Ball performed comedy far better when she played to an audience.
Characters
Liz Cooper, played by Lucille Ball; happily married and slightly zany housewife
George Cooper, played by Richard Denning; Liz's husband, works for Mr. Atterbury
Mr. Rudolph Atterbury, played first by Hans Conried and then Joseph Kearns, and in subsequent episodes by Gale Gordon; George's boss, friend of the Cooper family, often refers to George as "boy," as in "George-Boy"
Mrs. Iris Atterbury, played by Bea Benaderet; wife of Rudolph and friend of the Cooper family, often refers to Liz as "girl," as in "Liz-Girl"
Katy, played by Ruth Perrott; the Coopers' maid, presumably enjoys making Jell-O
Mrs. Leticia Cooper, played first by Benaderet and in subsequent episodes by Eleanor Audley; George's aristocratic mother, who typically looks down on Liz
In 1950, Lucille Ball was asked to do a television version of the show, and CBS and Jell-O both insisted that Richard Denning continue as her co-star. Ball refused to do it without real-life husband Desi Arnaz playing her on-screen husband. The network reluctantly agreed, and the concept was reworked into I Love Lucy after Ball and Arnaz took a show on the road to convince the network that audiences would respond. Jell-O dropped out and Philip Morris became the television sponsor. Gale Gordon and Bea Benaderet, who played the Atterburys, were both given first consideration for the roles that would become Fred and Ethel Mertz on I Love Lucy, but both had contract conflicts that forced them to turn down the roles.
Writers Bob Carroll Jr., Madelyn Pugh Davis and Jess Oppenheimer all agreed to continue with I Love Lucy. They subsequently reworked numerous My Favorite Husband episodes into I Love Lucy episodes early in the TV show's run. For example, the March 18, 1949, radio episode titled "Giveaway Program" inspired the November 24, 1952, I Love Lucy episode "Redecorating". Many of the actors who appeared on My Favorite Husband on radio later appeared on I Love Lucy, often in episodes where they reprised their original roles from a reworked My Favorite Husband script. During the first season of I Love Lucy Gale Gordon twice played the role of the boss, and the May 26, 1952, episode titled "Lucy's Schedule" was a rewrite of the April 22, 1949, My Favorite Husband episode "Time Schedule" (also called "Budgeting Time".)
Television
CBS brought My Favorite Husband to television in 1953, starring Joan Caulfield and Barry Nelson as Liz and George Cooper. The couple now resembled their earliest radio version, with George Cooper a well-to-do bank executive and with plots dealing with the couple's society life. The television version ran two-and-a-half seasons, from September 1953 through December 1955, and was produced live at CBS Television City for most of its run, until switching to film for a truncated third season filmed at Desilu and recasting Liz Cooper with Vanessa Brown.
Characters
Liz Cooper – the housewife
George Cooper – Liz's favorite husband, and bank executive
Gilmore Cobb – played by Bob Sweeney; the Coopers' wealthy next-door neighbor (first two seasons)
Myra Cobb – played by Alix Talton, Gilmore's social-climbing wife (first two seasons)
Oliver Shepard – played by Dan Tobin, the Coopers' neighbor in the third season
Myra Shepard – Oliver's wife (third season), played by Alix Talton, the same actress who earlier played Myra Cobb
Home media
Though the radio show was never commercially released on its own CD or DVD collections, at least one episode can be found on each disk from the Love Lucy DVD releases. In 2003, two episodes were released together on a CD in the UK.
These radio episodes are in the public domain, and CDs containing the entire run of My Favorite Husband in the MP3 format are legally offered by several private vendors through eBay and other sites, such as at the public domain repository, the Internet Archive.
Dramatizations
In July 2018, I Love Lucy: A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Sitcom, a comedy play by Gregg Oppenheimer (son of series creator Jess Oppenheimer), had its world premiere in a Los Angeles production by L.A. Theatre Works. The play goes behind the scenes to trace how My Favorite Husband turned into I Love Lucy. Recorded before a live audience at UCLA's James Bridges Theater, the production has been broadcast on public radio and released on audio CD and as a downloadable MP3. The performance starred Sarah Drew as Lucille Ball, Oscar Nuñez as Desi Arnaz, and Seamus Dever as Jess Oppenheimer, and featured Matthew Floyd Miller as Richard Denning and Lucy's radio announcer, Bob LeMond.
Sources
Brooks, Tim and Marsh, Earle. The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows (ninth edition),
Lance, Steven. Written Out of Television: A TV Lover's Guide to Cast Changes 1945–1994,
Andrews, Bart. The "I Love Lucy" Book,
References
External links
Isabel Scott Rorick biography
(109 out of 124 aired episodes)
1940s American radio programs
1950s American radio programs
American comedy radio programs
CBS Radio programs
English-language radio programs
1948 radio programme debuts
1951 radio programme endings
1953 American television series debuts
1955 American television series endings
1950s American sitcoms
CBS original programming
Black-and-white American television shows
English-language television shows
Television series based on radio series
Radio programs adapted into television shows
Radio programs about families
Television series about families
Lower PWD Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 11 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 11
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
The Oriental Institute (OI), established in 1919, is the University of Chicago's interdisciplinary research center for ancient Near Eastern ("Orient") studies and archaeology museum. It was founded for the university by professor James Henry Breasted with funds donated by John D. Rockefeller, Jr. It conducts research on ancient civilizations throughout the Near East, including at its facility, Chicago House, in Luxor, Egypt. The institute publicly exhibits an extensive collection of artifacts related to ancient civilizations at its on-campus building in Hyde Park, Chicago. According to anthropologist William Parkinson of the Field Museum, the OI's highly focused "near Eastern, or southwest Asian and Egyptian" collection is one of the finest in the world.
History
In the early 20th century, James Henry Breasted built up the collection of the university's Haskell Oriental Museum, which he oversaw along with his field work, and teaching duties. He dreamed, however, of establishing a research institute, “a laboratory for the study of the rise and development of civilization”, that would trace Western civilization to its roots in the ancient Middle East.
As World War I came toward a close, Breasted sensed an opportunity to use his influence in the new political climate to create opportunities for access to archaeology sites and their study. He wrote to John D. Rockefeller, Jr., and proposed the foundation of what would become the Oriental Institute. Fundamental to the implementation of his plan was a research trip through the Middle East, which Breasted had optimistically suggested was ready to receive scholars again after the disturbances of the war. Breasted received a reply from Rockefeller pledging $50,000 over five years for the Oriental Institute. Rockefeller also assured University of Chicago president Harry Pratt Judson that he would pledge another $50,000 to the cause. The University of Chicago contributed additional support, and in May 1919 the Oriental Institute was founded. The institute is housed in an unusual Art-Deco/Gothic building at the corner of 58th Street and University Avenue, which was designed by the architectural firm Mayers Murray & Phillip. Construction was completed in 1930, and the building was dedicated in 1931.
In the 1990s, Tony Wilkinson, founded the 'Center for Ancient Middle Eastern Landscapes' based at the institute. Its role is to investigate the Middle East through landscape archaeology and the analysis of spatial data, including images from many decades of Middle Eastern aerial photography, and survey maps, as well as, modern satellite imagery.
Research and collection
The Museum of the Oriental Institute has artifacts from digs in Egypt, Israel, Syria, Turkey, Iraq, and Iran. Notable works in the collection include the famous Megiddo Ivories; various treasures from Persepolis, the old Persian capital; a collection of Luristan Bronzes; a colossal 40-ton human-headed winged bull (or Lamassu) from Khorsabad, the capital of Sargon II; and a monumental statue of King Tutankhamun. The museum has free admission, although visitors are encouraged to donate.
The Oriental Institute is a center of active research on the ancient Near East. The building's upper floors contain a library, classrooms and faculty offices, and its gift shop, the Suq, also sells textbooks for the university's classes on Near Eastern studies. In addition to carrying out many digs in the Fertile Crescent, OI scholars have made contributions to the understanding of the origins of human civilization. The term "Fertile Crescent" was coined by J. H. Breasted, the OI founder, who popularized the connection of the rise of civilization in the Near East with the development of European culture.
In 2011, among other projects OI scholars completed publication of the 21-volume Chicago Assyrian Dictionary, a basic cultural reference work. The effort was begun in 1921 by J. H. Breasted, and continued by Edward Chiera and Ignace Gelb, with the first volume published in 1956. Dr. Erica Reiner as editor-in-charge led the research teams for 44 years. She was succeeded by Dr. Martha T. Roth, dean of humanities at the university. Similar dictionaries are under way, including the Chicago Hittite Dictionary and the Chicago Demotic Dictionary.
Chicago House
The Institute oversees the work of Chicago House in Luxor, Egypt. The Egyptian facility, established in 1924, performs the Epigraphic Survey, which documents and researches the historical sites in Luxor. It also manages conservation at various sites.
Persian tablets lawsuit
In 2006, the Oriental Institute was the center of a controversy when a U.S. federal court lawsuit sought to seize and auction a valuable collection of ancient Persian tablets held by the museum. The proceeds were to compensate the victims of a 1997 bombing in Ben Yehuda Street, Jerusalem, an attack which the United States claimed was funded by Iran. The ruling threatened sale of an invaluable collection of ancient clay tablets, held by the Oriental Institute since the 1930s, but owned by Iran. The Achaemenid (or Persepolis) clay tablets were loaned for study to the University of Chicago in 1937. They were uncovered in Persepolis, Iran by Chicago archaeologists in 1933 and are legally the property of the National Museum of Iran and the Iran's Cultural Heritage Organization. The artifacts were loaned for study based on the understanding that they would be returned to Iran, which the OI had done in batches over the years. The tablets, from Persepolis, the capital of the Achaemenid Empire, date to about 500 BCE.
The tablets give a view of daily life, itemizing such elements as the daily rations of barley given to workers in nearby regions of the empire. The tablets were sent to the capital to provide a record of what they were paying workers. Gil Stein, former director of the Oriental Institute, said that details largely concern food for people on diplomatic or military missions. Each tablet is about half the size of a deck of playing cards and has characters of a dialect of Elamite, an extinct language understood by perhaps a dozen scholars in the world.
Stein described the tablets as providing "the first chance to hear the Persians speaking of their own empire". Charles Jones, Research Associate and Librarian at the Oriental Institute and tablet expert, compared them to "credit card receipts". Most current knowledge about the ancient Persian empire comes from the accounts of others, most famously the Greek storyteller Herodotus. Stein added: "It's valuable because it's a group of tablets, thousands of them from the same archive. It's like the same filing cabinet. They're very, very valuable scientifically." The Oriental Institute had been returning them to Iran in small batches. Since the 1930s, the institute had returned several hundred tablets and fragments to Iran and were preparing another shipment when the legal action began. An appeals court later overturned the order, and in 2018, the United States Supreme Court affirmed the subsequent ruling that the collection cannot be taken from the Oriental Institute to satisfy the judgment.
Directors
List of directors:
1919–1935: James Henry Breasted; inaugural director
1936–1946: John A. Wilson
1950–1960: Carl Hermann Kraeling
1962–1968: Robert McCormick Adams Jr.
1968–1972: George R. Hughes
1972–1981: John A. Brinkman
1981–1983: Robert McCormick Adams Jr. (second term)
1983–1989: Janet H. Johnson
1989–1997: William Marvin Sumner
1997–2002: Gene B. Gragg
2002–2017: Gil Stein
2017–2021: Christopher Woods
2021–present: Theo Van Den Hout (Interim Director)
See also
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 54
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 69
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 72
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 75
Gallery
References
External links
The Oriental Institute in Google Cultural Institute
Abzu – A guide to open access material of the Ancient Near East
A database on the Oriental Institute's website maintained by Dr. Clemens Reichel documenting artifacts stolen from the Iraq Museum in April 2003
Persepolis Fortification Archive Project
The Oriental Institute: Fragments for a History of an Institution. A collaborative project intended to focus ideas and thoughts on the history of the Oriental Institute of The University of Chicago
1919 establishments in Illinois
Ancient Near East organizations
Archaeological museums in Illinois
Art museums and galleries in Chicago
Oriental Institute
Hyde Park, Chicago
Museums established in 1919
Museums of Ancient Near East in the United States
Oriental studies
University museums in Illinois
University of Chicago
Research institutes of the University of Chicago
Francis in the Navy is a 1955 American black-and-white comedy film from Universal-International, produced by Stanley Rubin and directed by Arthur Lubin. The film stars Donald O'Connor and Martha Hyer, and marked the first credited film role of Clint Eastwood. The distinctive voice of Francis is a voice-over by actor Chill Wills.
This is the sixth film in Universal-International Francis the Talking Mule series.
Plot
U.S. Army officer Lt. Peter Sterling gets mistaken for his lookalike in the U.S. Navy, Bosun's Mate 'Slicker' Donevan, and as a result gets promptly shipped to Donevan's base. With his old pal Francis, Sterling continues his military career misadventures, this time in the Navy.
Cast
Donald O'Connor as Peter Stirling/Bosun's Mate 'Slicker' Donevan
Martha Hyer as Betsy Donevan
Richard Erdman as Murph
Jim Backus as Commander E.T. Hutch
Clint Eastwood as Jonesy
David Janssen as Lieutenant Anders
Leigh Snowden as Nurse Appleby
Martin Milner as W.T. 'Rick' Rickson
Paul Burke as Tate
Myrna Hansen as Helen
Phil Garris as Tony Stover
Production
Donald O'Connor was reluctant to make the film but agreed to do one more at the request of his daughter (in addition to a financial inducement from Universal studio head Edward Muhl).
It was once known as Francis Weighs Anchor and started filming February 15, 1955.
The film was partially shot at the U. S. Navy base in Coronado California, not far from downtown San Diego.
Stanley Rubin was producer on the film.
See also
List of American films of 1955
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Review of film at Variety
1955 films
1950s fantasy-comedy films
American black-and-white films
1950s English-language films
Films directed by Arthur Lubin
Films scored by William Lava
Military humor in film
Universal Pictures films
American fantasy-comedy films
1955 comedy films
Films about donkeys
1950s American films
Dream All Day: The Best of the Posies is a compilation album by Seattle alternative rock band The Posies, released in 2000. This album was compiled with Ken Stringfellow and Jon Auer's full participation, but only collected songs from their successful and influential years on the Geffen and DGC labels.
Track listing
Personnel
Jon Auer - Lead vocals and guitar
Ken Stringfellow - Lead vocals, guitar and keyboards
Arthur "Rick" Roberts - Bass
Dave Fox - Bass
Joe Skyward - Bass
Mike Musburger - Drums
Brian Young - Drums
2000 greatest hits albums
The Posies albums
Geffen Records compilation albums
Camp Jahoo is town and union council of Awaran District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. During the floods of 2007 Camp Jahoo was badly affected - 145 households (642 people) were impacted.
References
Populated places in Awaran District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
French Electro dance (otherwise known as Tecktonik and Milky Way) is one style of frenetic and quirky form of street dance typically performed to electro house music. It is based on, although is not limited to, a blend of different dance styles, such as industrial dance, Moroccan chaabi, disco, vogue, waacking, hip-hop and freehand glowsticking. It started in the 2000s and originated in the southern suburbs of Paris, France, mainly from the Metropolis nightclubs and has spread around the world. Fast-paced techno and electro house music imported from Northern Europe is the usual choice for Tecktonik dancing.
Electro dance is predominantly about arm movement, taking basic elements from glowsticking such as the concept of Freehand, the Figure 8 and the idea of the Leading Hand (one hand geometrically following the other), while staying very much in a disco taste, by amplifying points and poses as a main aspect to this style. Down below electro dancers tend to use their hips, knees and feet to gently shuffle across the floor in beat to the music, quite often in a random and jerky fashion. They also tend to include elements of toprock, b-boy-like footwork, lending to the hip hop-like influences in much of the electro house music.
The term "Tecktonik" is a registered trademark that began in Paris, and this has created issues for dance events or other uses of the name. The creators of the Tecktonik brand (most notably Cyril Blanc, the artistic director of Metropolis) sell official products, such as clothes, Matts CDs, and energy drinks.
History
In 2002, Cyril Blanc and Alexandre Barouzdin organized "Tecktonik Killer" parties under their project called "Tecktonik Events" whose purpose was to promote in France two styles of music which originated in Belgium and the Netherlands: hardstyle and jumpstyle. This project foresaw, in the Metropolis nightclub, the creation of three types of parties where DJs from the hardstyle genre would meet: "Blackout" evenings, "Electro Rocker" evenings and "Tecktonik Killer" evenings. Cyril explained that the name "Tecktonik" is a pun on the theory of tectonic plates.
Along with tecktonik killer parties, Cyril and Alexandre created, with the help of designers and sales staff, symbols that would surround the phenomenon: neon colors, mittens, tight clothing, etc. Given the success of these evenings, Cyril Blanc filed applications for "Tecktonik" and "TCK" trademarks at the National Industrial Property Institute (INPI), and internationally in 2007, to prevent other clubs from promoting their parties using those words. A number of products were then developed and marketed using these brand names, including clothing and an energy drink. Two other clubs in Paris then took over the Metropolis club; the Mix Club and the Red Light.
Tecktonik has enjoyed increasing success and has spread to France and Tunisia through gatherings in the street and videos available on the Internet. During 2007, mainstream media took interest in this phenomenon, further contributing to its spreading. The dance is known to the general public through its appearances in videos, including "Alive" by Mondotek, the Tepr remix of "A cause des Garçons" by Yelle, "Sucker" by Dim Chris, or songs by artists such as Lorie. In September 2007, the Techno Parade raised the visibility of Tecktonik.
In November 2007, TF1 became the official international agency for Tecktonik, with the goal of promoting the brand outside France.
Clubs must obtain permission from Cyril Blanc and Alexandre Barouzdin to use the term "Tecktonik" or "TCK".
References
External links
Vertifight
Urban street dance and music
Dance culture
There are over thirty hospitals located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Many of them are also medical research facilities and teaching schools affiliated with the University of Toronto. Most hospitals are grouped under administrative networks that serve particular neighbourhoods and communities and share a number of medical services. The largest of the networks is University Health Network, which governs four of Canada's largest research hospitals located across Downtown Toronto. Some hospitals in Toronto operate independently, attracting large funding and public donation due to historic brand value and overall clinical standards.
Existing hospitals
Closed hospitals
Wellesley Hospital (1942–2001)
Central Hospital 1957 as a private care centre and later became Sherbourne Health Centre in 2003.
The Doctor's Hospital (1953–1997) – merged with Toronto Western Hospital in 1996, merged again with Toronto General Hospital and closed in 1997; site at 340 College Street now home to Kensington Health, a long-term care facility and hospice for seniors. Doctors Hospital Clinic on the site retains the site's old name.
Queen Elizabeth Hospital - merged with Hillcrest Hospital to form Rehabilitation Institute of Toronto (now Toronto Rehabilitation Institute)
Humber River Hospital, Church and Keele Sites – some sections temporarily closed for renovation and most duplicated acute care services moved to Wilson Site on October 18, 2015
Central Military Convalescence Hospital (1915-1918?) - formerly Wykeham Hall and later College Street Armouries
Orthopaedic Military Hospital at Yonge and Davisville - established during World War I to handle returning injuries soldiers
Christie Street Veterans' Hospital (1919-1948) - later than Lambert Lodge and demolished 1981.
Spadina Military Hospital (1914-1918?) - now 1 Spadina Crescent
See also
Health in Toronto
Hospitals in York Region
Hospitals in Canada
References
Toronto
Toronto
Hospitals
Hospitals in Toronto
is a 2012 Japanese television comedy series.
Cast
Aya Hirano as Mari Gonda
Uki Satake
Sayaka Nishiwaki
Kanae Yoshii
Umika Kawashima
Hirona Murata
References
External links
2012 Japanese television series debuts
Nippon TV dramas
2012 Japanese television series endings
Japanese comedy television series
The MAX Index family is a set of widely used domestic government bond market benchmarks in Hungary. The index family consist the RMAX, MAX, MAX Composite and ZMAX indices. The indices calculated and published by the Hungarian Government Debt Management Agency Ltd. on a daily basis. The index calculation method follows the EFFAS Bond Commission's total return bond index recommendations.
Index characteristics
The inception date is December 31, 1996 and each index consists of local currency-denominated fixed-rate government bonds and bills of the Hungarian Republic.
RMAX Index consists of bills and bonds in maturity range of 91–365 days and rebalances every fortnight
MAX Index consists of bonds in maturity range of over 365 days and rebalances monthly
MAX Composite Index is the composite of the RMAX and MAX indices
ZMAX Index consists of bills and bonds in maturity range of 14–182 days and rebalances weekly
External sources
Government Debt Management Agency Ltd.
Detailed Index Descriptions
Economy of Hungary
Government bond indices
Kampekalven Mountain () is a mountain, high, forming the northeast end of the Filchner Mountains in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was photographed from the air by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39), was mapped from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Kampekalven (the crag calf).
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Game is a 2016 Indian mystery thriller film directed by A. M. R. Ramesh. Shot as a bilingual in Kannada and Tamil languages, the latter as Oru Melliya Kodu (), it is a remake of the 2012 Spanish film The Body. It features Arjun Sarja, Shaam and Manisha Koirala in the lead roles. With music composed by Ilayaraaja, the Kannada version released first on 26 February 2016 while the Tamil version released on July 1, 2016.
Plot
A man runs away in fear, looking over his shoulder, where he is admitted to the hospital after an accident, and is in a coma. DCP Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel is called upon to investigate the matter, where it is found through the security cameras that a corpse of a high-profile businesswoman Maya is missing from the morgue. Meanwhile, Maya's husband Akshay is surrounded by his family and friends offering their condolences, but he drives them out saying he wants to be left alone. Once they all leave, he drives to his girlfriend Bhoomi's house, where it is revealed Akshay killed his wife and made it look like a heart attack. The cops call Akshay over his cell phone and ask him to arrive at the forensics lab and explain the issue. Akshay drinks a glass of wine offered by Bhoomi and leaves, where he is asked to stay in the lab until they discover the corpse.
In a series of clues and flashbacks, Akshay is made to believe that Maya is still alive and is out for vengeance. He keeps in contact with Bhoomi, until Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel receives evidence that can allow him to arrest Akshay, in the form of a toxin BL-18 that can induce a heart attack. It is revealed that Akshay drugged a glass of red wine with BL-18 to kill Maya. He interrogates Akshay, who reveals how Maya and him met the first time. After getting locked up in a room, Akshay calls up Bhoomi and finds out that Maya's lawyer Krishna Prasad is in fact a private detective hired by Maya to spy on Akshay. He asks Bhoomi to run away afraid that Maya is after her. When Bhoomi comes out of the building, a car comes speeding towards her and Akshay fears the worst.
Akshay confesses everything to Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel and repeatedly requests him to save Bhoomi. Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel gets a call from Deva, who tells that they found a body, revealed to be Maya. Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel further confirms that there was no one called Bhoomi in the university and flat as mentioned by Akshay, and that Bhoomi was non-existent. Akshay tries to escape, tailed by Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel. Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel then reveals that the car accident in which Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel's wife had died was caused by a drunken Akshay and Maya. Although Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel's daughter Amritha repeatedly calls for help, Maya tells Akshay to leave them, due to which his wife dies.
Amritha had been in a coma for two years and when she woke up, she remembers the car license plate, which she tells Ranjith, who tracks them down. It is revealed that Bhoomi is actually Amritha, and it was an elaborate plan orchestrated by Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel and Amritha due to which Maya was killed. Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel further reveals that the glass of wine Amritha had offered to Akshay before leaving contained BL-18 and it has been 8 hours since it entered his bloodstream. Akshay dies in a heart attack and Sharat Chandra/Shakthivel walks away from his dead body.
Cast
Arjun Sarja as Sharat Chandra (Kannada) / Shakthi Vel (Tamil)
Shaam as Akshay
Manisha Koirala as Maya
Seetha as Dr. Brinda
Aqsa Bhatt as Bhoomika
A. M. R. Ramesh as Deva
Neha Saxena as Sandhya
Production
Ramesh had narrated the story to Arjun who agreed to work on the film and helped contact Manisha Koirala about playing the film's leading female role. Shaam was selected to play the film's main antagonist, a role initially planned to be played by the director himself. Arjun also helped the makers get in touch with composer Ilaiyaraaja to compose two songs for the film. The team shot in Chennai in February 2015, with Oru Melliya Kodu, a dialogue taken from Gautham Vasudev Menon's Yennai Arindhaal (2015), adapted as the film's Tamil title.
In April 2015, actress Khushbu was approached to play Arjun's wife in the film but turned down the offer. The actress later sought a public clarification from the team if the story was based on the death of Indian businesswoman, Sunanda Pushkar, and urged the team to narrate the story with sensitivity. Ramesh, however, refused to confirm Kushboo's allegations and turned down her request of divulging the film's plot to the media. During December 2015, the director revealed that production was complete and that postproduction and censoring works were ongoing.
Soundtrack
Kannada track listing
Tamil track listing
Release
The film was dubbed and released in Telugu as Notuku Potu in 2017.
Kannada version
The Times of India wrote that "the film is engaging and makes for a good watch" and "This non-linear narrative holds the viewer gripped." The Hindu wrote "The slow paced narration, which is unusual for Kannada audience, uses sound and visuals to get the needed effect, with Ilayaraja's music score succeeding in creating the mood."
Tamil version
The Times of India wrote that "It is a pity that the film fails to cross that melliya kodu [thin line] between being 'not boring' and 'compelling enough'". Deccan Chronicle gave the film a rating of two-and-a-half stars and wrote that "Despite few glitches, OMK is worth a watch for its gripping making".
References
External links
Indian mystery thriller films
Indian multilingual films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
2016 films
Indian crime thriller films
2010s Kannada-language films
2010s Tamil-language films
2010s mystery thriller films
Indian remakes of Spanish films
2016 crime thriller films
2016 multilingual films
Films directed by A. M. R. Ramesh
The 8th Motorized Rifle Division of the NKVD Internal Troops (Russian: 8-я мотострелковая дивизия внутренних войск НКВД СССР 8-y motostrelkovaya diviziya vnutrenikh voisk NKVD SSSR) was formed in accordance with NKVD Order Number 0021 from January 5, 1942, during execution GKO decree number 1099- ss on January 4, 1942. It was based on the 23rd Motorized Rifle Division NKVD Internal Troops.
David Glantz writes that in early December, the Southwestern Front combined the remnants of the 91st, 92nd, 94th, and 98th Border Guards Detachments with the 6th, 16th and 28th NKVD MRRs to form the division.(Colossus Reborn, 165)
The 8th Infantry Division of the NKVD Internal Troops was part of the troops of the South-Western Front and included the:
4th Red Banner Motor Rifle Regiment ;
6th Motorized Rifle Regiment ;
16th Motorized Rifle Regiment ;
28th Motorized Rifle Regiment ;
266th Motorized Rifle Regiment ;
274th Motorized Rifle Regiment ;
10th Artillery Regiment ;
On May 9, 1942, from the 8th Motorized Rifle Division of Internal Troops stand
Management Division,
4th Red Banner Motor Rifle Regiment,
266th Motorized Rifle Regiment,
274th Motorized Rifle Regiment.
On the basis of these parts of the 8th Motorized Rifle Division of the NKVD the 13th Rifle Division NKVD was formed. The 287th Infantry Regiment of the 3rd Infantry Division NKVD internal troops also joined the division.
Colonel Gorishnii Vasily Akimovich was appointed the Divisional commander, while military Political commissar Division Senior Battalion Commissar Ilya Arkhipovich Vlasenko.
With the Red Army
The remaining units of the division were part of the 8th Motorized Rifle Division NKVD Internal Troops until June 25, 1942, when the division joined the Red Army and was named the 63rd Rifle Division. (The 63rd Mountain Rifle Division had been formed from the 2nd Georgian Infantry Division in 1936-37 and had been destroyed in 1942). The division then fought in the Battle of Stalingrad.
On November 23, 1942, the 63rd Rifle Division was transformed into the 52nd Riga-Berlin Guards Rifle Division for military merit. From April 22 to May 2 the division, in constant fighting took more than 20 km, 120 blocks in the streets of Berlin. On May 2nd alone, Division soldiers captured more than 7,000 Germans. For their courage and fighting in the successful offensive on Berlin the division received the honorary title "Berlin" on 11 June 1945.
The commanders of the 52nd Guards Rifle Division were:
Nestor Kozin (06/26/1942 – 01/21/1943), a colonel, made major-general 01/23/1943; Later awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union.
Nekrasov, Ivan Mikhailovich (05/09/1943 – 11/17/1943), colonel, made major general on 09.15.43;
Kolchigin, Bogdan K. (11/25/1943 – 12/25/1943), Major-General;
Simonov, Nikolai (12/26/1943 – 09/23/1944), Colonel;
Nestor Kozin (09/24/1944 – 05/09/1945), Major-General.
The division was part of the 21st Army (April 1943 - 6th Guards), 3rd Shock Army (February–March 1944) the 1st Shock Army (April–October 1944); and 3rd Shock Army (Nov 1944 – May 1945). On May 1, 1945, it was part of 38th Rifle Corps, 3rd Shock Army.
Thousands of division soldiers were decorated during the war, and seven, including the first divisional commander, awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union.
After the formation of the 52nd Guards Rifle Division, the 63rd Rifle Division was reformed again at Kaluga from the 45th and 86th Rifle Brigades in May 1943. It fought at Stalingrad, Kursk, and in the Belorussian Offensive. With 5th Army of the RVGK in May 1945.
References
Further reading
David Glantz, Companion To Colossus Reborn: Key Documents And Statistics, University Press of Kansas, 2005.
Prev. Ch. Ed. Commission NV . Ogarkov, Soviet Military Encyclopedia: [In 8 volumes] T.7. = Riga-Berlin Infantry Division. - Moscow: Military Publishing, 1979. - 687 S. p. str.124-125.
Pantyukhov GG, "People of one division", Moscow., 1977 (53rd Guards Rifle Division)
ND Kozin. "The guardsmen in combat", Barnaul, 1975 (53rd Guards Rifle Division)
Divisions of the NKVD in World War II
Military units and formations established in 1942
The Slovenian Red Cross () is a non-government and non-profit humanitarian organisation, part of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement. It was established in Gradac in June 1944, at first as part of the Yugoslav Red Cross. It became an independent entity after the Slovenian proclamation of independence in 1991. It has its headquarters in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
References
External links
Slovenian Red Cross homepage
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
1944 establishments in Slovenia
Red Cross
Organizations based in Ljubljana
Non-profit organizations based in Slovenia
Organizations established in 1944
Haruka may refer to:
People
Haruka (given name), a Japanese given name
Haruka (model) (born 1975), Japanese fashion model
Music
"Haruka" (Melody song)
"Haruka" (Scandal song)
"Haruka" (Tokio song)
"Haruka" (Yoasobi song)
Other uses
Haruka (fly), a genus of flies in the family Pachyneuridae
Haruka (satellite) or HALCA, a Japanese decommissioned radio telescope satellite
Haruka (train), a Japanese passenger train service
Haruka: Beyond the Stream of Time, a video game series and media franchise
Haruka (citrus), a Japanese citrus cultivar
See also
Haruka Seventeen, a Japanese media franchise
Fahnbullah Eddy, also known as Gorilla Girl, is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Publication history
Gorilla Girl first appeared in Marvel Team-Up #91 (March 1980), and was created by Steven Grant and Pat Broderick.
Fictional character biography
Fahnbullah Eddy, originally known as Gorilla Woman, worked at a carnival as a member of the Freaks, a group of circus freaks that included Muck Monster and Six. When the Freaks fell under the control of the sorcerer Moondark, he forced them to battle Spider-Man. Gorilla Girl and the Freaks were later seen in a fight against the criminals Hammer and Anvil.
After the events of the "Civil War", Gorilla Girl was captured by the Thunderbolts. During her capture, she threw Penance down three flights of stairs, after which Penance beat her severely. She later registered with the Initiative and joined Camp Hammond along with Annex, Prodigy, and others.
During the Skrull invasion, she is one of the Initiative members to go into battle in Times Square. They join the 'Young Avengers' and are saved by the 'Secret Commandos'. Afterwards, Gorilla Girl asked to be put in the Initiative reserves. However, before she gets very far, the Thor clone attacks Camp Hammond, and Gorilla Girl fights him before Counter Force intervenes.
Gorilla Girl strikes up a friendship with the alternate universe simian version of Speedball, another Initiative recruit. She becomes involved in the plan of Norman Osborn to exploit the resources of her friend's home dimension. The two also work with Gibbon (another simian superhuman) as well as Red Ghost's Super-Apes.
When Gorilla Girl, the simian Speedball, and Gibbon ended up in the Marvel Apes universe, they find themselves in the midst of an invasion by the Marvel Zombies. Gorilla Girl shifted into her gorilla form and ripped off Zombie Medusa's hair to protect them. Just as they were about to be overwhelmed, a group of Marvel Apes appeared and helped to fight the Marvel Zombies. Gorilla Girl thinks that the simian version of Captain America can get them back to the Marvel Apes universe. Using the Wrencher, Gorilla Girl was able to destroy the Zombie Green Goblin. When Zombie Doctor Doom proved too much for Gorilla Girl, the Super-Apes were able to defeat them. Upon encountering a human Magneto, the simian Speedball figures out that they are in the Marvel Zombies universe. As Ape X plans to destroy the portal, he says goodbye to Gorilla Girl. However, Gorilla Girl kneed him when his guard was down so that she could go in his place. Using the Wrencher's wrench, Gorilla Girl attacked the simian heroes and destroyed the portal, setting time right.
Powers and abilities
Fahnbullah Eddy is able to shapeshift into a super-strong and highly agile gorilla. Even in her gorilla form, she can speak and think.
In other media
Gorilla Girl appears as a playable character in Lego Marvel's Avengers, voiced by Cherise Boothe.
References
External links
Gorilla Girl at Marvel Wiki
Gorilla Girl at Comic Vine
African-American superheroes
Characters created by Pat Broderick
Comics characters introduced in 1980
Fictional therianthropes
Gorilla characters in comics
Marvel Comics characters who are shapeshifters
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics female superheroes
Lourenço de Almeida (c.1480 - March 1508) was a Portuguese explorer and military commander.
He was born in Martim, Kingdom of Portugal, the son of Francisco de Almeida, first viceroy of Portuguese India. Acting under his father, Lourenço distinguished himself in the Indian Ocean, and made Ceylon (present Sri Lanka) tributary to Portugal (see Portuguese Ceylon). He belonged to the Order of Christ.
He made the first Portuguese voyage to Ceylon in 1505 and established a settlement there, thus permitting the expansion of the Portuguese Empire in Asia.
He defeated the fleet of the Zamorin at the Battle of Cannanore in 1506. Two years later however, he died in a naval action off Chaul, in India, at the Battle of Chaul.
See also
Portuguese India
Portuguese Ceylon
References
1508 deaths
16th-century explorers
Explorers of Asia
Explorers of India
16th-century Portuguese people
Portuguese explorers
Maritime history of Portugal
Portuguese in Kerala
People from Barcelos, Portugal
1480 births
Portuguese military personnel killed in action
The March 733 was a Formula 3 car built by March Engineering in 1973. Tony Brise won the 1973 Championship driving this car. It is powered by the Ford Twin Cam straight-four engine.
References
Formula Three cars
1970s cars
Munawar Sultana (Punjabi, ) was a Pakistani radio and film singer. She is known for vocalizing first ever hit Lollywood songs like, "Mainu Rab Di Soun Tere Naal Piyar Ho Gya" (Film: Pheray 1949), "Wastae Rab Da Tu Jaanvi We Kabootra" (Film:Dulla Bhatti 1956),and "Ae Qaid-e-Azam, Tera Ehsan Hay, Ehsan" (Film: Bedari 1957).
Early life
Sultana was born in Ludhiyana, British India on November 8, 1924.
Career
Sultana started her career in the 1940s as a radio singer. She received her early music education from a composer Abdul Haq Shami. Her debut film as a playback singer was "Teri Yaad", which was also the first movie of Lollywood, released in 1948. She sang for both Urdu and Punjabi movies and recorded 181 songs for 54 films. She had the credit of vocalising film songs that became popular among the public in the earlier decade of a young Lollywood. Apart from playback singing, Sultana also recorded many semi-classical songs for Radio Pakistan.
Personal life
Sultana was married to Ayub Romani who was a station director at Radio Pakistan, Lahore. She resigned from singing after her marriage, and committed herself to a domestic life and social welfare activities.
Popular songs
Film
Menu Rabb Di Sohn Teray Naal Pyar Ho Geya Way ... 1949 (Film: Pheray - Punjabi), Music: G.A. Chishti, Poet: G.A. Chishti
Way Akhian Lavin Na, Tay Fer Pachhtavin Na ... 1949 (Film: Pheray - Punjabi), Singer(s): Munawar Sultana, Inayat Hussain Bhatti, Music: G.A. Chishti, Poet: G.A. Chishti
Teray Long Da Peya Lashaka, Halian Nay Hall Dhak Lay ... 1950 (Film: Laray - Punjabi), Singer(s): Inayat Hussain Bhatti, Munawar Sultana, Music: G.A. Chishti
Way Main Bol Bol Thakki, Teinu Tol Tol Takhi ... 1950 (Film: Laray - Punjabi), Singer(s): Munawar Sultana, Music: G.A. Chishti, Poet: G.A. Chishti
Raj Dularay, Phoolon Ki Seij Pay Tujh Ko Salaun ... 1955 (Film: Noukar - Urdu), Singer(s): Munawar Sultana, Music: G.A. Chishti, Poet: Qateel Shafai
Baddal Nu Hath Lawan, Tay Uddi Uddi Jawan, Hawa Day Naal ... 1955 (Film: Heer- Punjabi), Singer(s): Munawar Sultana & Co., Music: Safdar Hussain, Poet: Hazin Qadri
Wasta e Rabb Da, Tu Javin Way Kabootra ... 1956 (Film: Dulla Bhatti - Punjabi), Singer(s): Munawar Sultana, Music: G.A. Chishti, Poet: Tufail Hoshiarpuri
O Dilla Kachya, Qarar Day Pakya, Kissay Day Naal Gall Na Karin ... 1956 (Film: Guddi Gudda - Punjabi), Singer(s): Munawar Sultana, Music: G.A. Chishti, Poet: Wali Sahib
Ae Qaid-e-Azam, Tera Ehsan Hay, Ehsan ... 1957 (Film: Bedari - Urdu), Singer(s): Munawar Sultana & Co., Music: Fateh Ali Khan, Poet: Khawar Zaman
Radio
Main Aarzoo e Jaan Likhon Ya Jaan e Aarzoo, Poet: Akhtar Sheerani
Chand Roshan Chamakta Sitara Rahe
Sada Chirriyan Da Chamba We Babul Asan Udd Jana
Death
Munawar Sultana died on 7 June 1995 in Lahore.
References
External links
Pakistani playback singers
1995 deaths
1924 births
Musicians from Ludhiana
Pakistani radio personalities
Punjabi people
20th-century Pakistani women singers
Souris may refer to:
Places
Souris, Manitoba, Canada
Souris, Prince Edward Island, Canada
Souris, North Dakota, United States
Souris Island, Seychelles
Souris River, in Canada and the United States
Electoral districts
Souris (electoral district), a federal electoral district in Manitoba
Souris (Saskatchewan electoral district), a provincial electoral district
People
André Souris (1899–1970), Belgian composer
George Souris (born 1949), Australian politician
Léo Souris (1911–1990), Belgian composer
Theodore Souris (1925–2002), American jurist
Other uses
RCAF Station Souris, a Second World War British Commonwealth Air Training Plan station near Souris, Manitoba
The UCS Swedish Open 2016 is the 2016 Swedish Open, which is a tournament of the PSA World Tour event International (prize money: $70,000). The event took place in Linköping in Sweden from 4 February to 7 February. Karim Abdel Gawad won his first Swedish Open trophy, beating Tarek Momen in the final.
Prize money and ranking points
For 2016, the prize purse was $70,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:
Seeds
Draw and results
See also
2015 PSA World Tour
Swedish Open (squash)
References
External links
PSA Case Swedish Open 2016 website
Case Swedish Open official website
Case Swedish Open SquashSite website
Squash tournaments in Sweden
Swedish Open Squash
2016 in Swedish sport
Kabuto Rock () is a large, blunt rock projecting from the coast about midway between Chijire Glacier and Rakuda Glacier in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped from surveys and air photos by the Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition, 1957–62, who also gave the name. Shinobi Rock is nearby.
References
Rock formations of Queen Maud Land
Prince Olav Coast
Selly Park is a residential suburban district in south-west Birmingham, England. The suburb of Selly Park is located between the Bristol Road (A38) and the Pershore Road (A441).
Toponymy
Selly Park is named after the parkland that was originally associated with Selly Hall, now preserved within Selly Convent.
History
Initially Selly Park was developed on the parkland around Selly Hall, whilst the land to the west of the Pershore Road (A441) was laid out for development in the mid nineteenth century with spacious plots and tree-lined streets, and where development is still restricted by covenant. On the other side of the Pershore Road, between it and Cannon Hill Park are several streets of superior c19 terraced housing, built by Grants, the principal local builder. One or two of the larger houses have been converted into offices and two small hotels.
Governance
The suburb is in the Selly Oak local authority electoral ward, along with the districts of Bournbrook, Selly Oak, Ten Acres and a small part of Stirchley. It also comes under the Selly Oak local council constituency, which is managed by its own district committee, and comprises both the Selly Oak ward and the wards of Billesley, Bournville and Brandwood.
Geography
Education
Selly Park is the location of Selly Park Girls' School, St Edwards Primary School, and Raddlebarn Primary School.
Religion
St Edward's Church, Selly Park is the main local Catholic Church. Selly Park is also home to three Protestant Churches, namely St Stephen's Church, Christ Church, Selly Park and Selly Park Baptist Church.
Television
The BBC's Pebble Mill Studios were located to the north of the region, before moving to The Mailbox in 2004.
Some episodes of "Dalziel and Pascoe" have been shot in Oakfield Road, An episode of "Bird of Prey" was filmed in Selly Wick Drive and various local shops and houses have been used in the soap opera of "Doctors".
Notable residents
W. H. Auden (1907–1973), who briefly lived in the grounds of Selly Wick House.
Sir Richard Alfred Pinsent (1852–1948), 1st Baronet Pinsent of Selly Hill, 1938–1948, and former President of the Law Society, 1918–1919, who lived at Selly Wick.
Phil Lynott (1949–1986), rock musician, was baptised in St Edwards Church and lived in the area as a child.
The economist P. Sargent Florence lived in Highfield House on Selly Park Road.
The area is and was home to many academics from Birmingham University, such as Prof. Ivor Keys (1919–1995) and Dr Gordon Warwick (1918–1983), and to two former Olympic athletes, Audrey Court and Max Madders.
Sporting history
Alex Higgins won his first snooker World Championship in 1972 at the British Legion Club in Selly Park. This was demolished around 2000 and is now a block of flats.
References
Areas of Birmingham, West Midlands
Michael Auprince, (born 21 February 1993) is an Australian swimmer and wheelchair basketball player. He set several swimming records and was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London in swimming, where he won gold and bronze medals. He represented the Rollers team at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Personal
Michael Christopher Auprince was born on 21 February 1993, and is from Peakhurst, New South Wales. When he was ten years old, his left leg was amputated by choice; the limb had no muscles as a consequence of a congenital birth defect. Prior to the surgery, he wore a prosthesis that gave his leg support. In 2007, Banks MP Daryl Melham presented Auprince and sixteen other athletes a Federal Government sports achievement award. He attended Peakhurst High School and Georges River College at their Oatley Senior Campus. In 2021, he is undertaking a Master of Information Management at Curtin University and a wheelchair basketball player
Swimming
Auprince is an S9 classified swimmer. He is a member of the Revesby Swimming Club and is coached by Mick Gauci. He took up the sport in 2003 within six months of his leg being amputated.
In 2007, Auprince trained with the Australian Paralympic development team at a training camp in Maroochydore, Queensland. That year, he spent up to twelve hours a week and had broken several age and classification based national swimming records. He first represented Australia in an international competition in 2009 when he competed in the 09 Canadian hosted CanAm Championships. In 2010, he competed in the Sydney hosted State Age Championships, where he set two records including one in the 200 m record in the multi-disability event and the other an Australian record in the 100 m backstroke. That year, he trained up to eleven times a week. He competed at the 2010 IPC World Swimming Championships where he finished fifth in the 100 m backstroke. He was the youngest member of the Australian team competing at the Dutch hosted 2011 IPC World Swimming Championships.
In 2012, Auprince had four gym sessions and nine swimming training sessions a week. He was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in swimming. In preparation for the Games, he participated in a sixteen-day Thailand-based team training camp. While there, he could not fully train as he had to deal with a case of food poisoning. He was scheduled to attend a training camp ahead of the Games in early August in Wales.
At the 2012 Summer Paralympics he won a gold in the freestyle relay and a bronze in the medley relay. He also participated in the S9 class of the Men's 100 m Backstroke, 100 m Butterfly, 100 m Freestyle and 50 m Freestyle events – as well as the Men's 200 m Individual Medley SM9. He was awarded an Order of Australia Medal in the 2014 Australia Day Honours "for service to sport as a Gold Medallist at the London 2012 Paralympic Games."
Wheelchair Basketball
He is classified 4 point players and plays centre.
At the conclusion of the 2012 Paralympic Games, Auprince decided to play wheelchair basketball and was selected for the 2013 Under-23 World Wheelchair Basketball Competition in Turkey, where the team won the bronze medal.
Auprince played in the United States for the Alabama Crimson Tide at the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa 2015–2019. While playing with the Crimson Tide he won two College National Championships (2018 & 2019). He also played for the Wollongong Rollerhawks in the National Wheelchair Basketball League 2014–2018. in 2019 he switched things up to play with the Perth Wheelcats. In 2018, he was a member of the Rollers that won the bronze medal at 2018 Men's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Hamburg, Germany. Auprince currently plays professionally in Germany with RSV- Lahn Dill.
At the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics, the Rollers finished fifth with a win–loss record of 4–4.
Personal bests
References
External links
Basketball Australia Profile
1993 births
Living people
Australian men's wheelchair basketball players
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Male Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Paralympic gold medalists for Australia
Paralympic bronze medalists for Australia
Paralympic medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
S9-classified Paralympic swimmers
Australian male backstroke swimmers
Australian male breaststroke swimmers
Australian male butterfly swimmers
Raelene Boulton (born 14 January 1974) is an Australian handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Australian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Brisbane
Connecticut Public Radio is a network of public radio stations in the state of Connecticut, western Massachusetts, and eastern Long Island, affiliated with NPR (National Public Radio). It is owned by Connecticut Public Broadcasting Network, which also owns Connecticut Public Television (CPTV).
The radio network airs primarily news and talk from NPR along with several locally produced programs. It is headquartered with CPTV in Hartford, and operates an additional studio in New Haven.
History
In the early 1970s, WTIC in Hartford dropped its longtime classical music format in favor of adult contemporary music, and sold its library to CPTV. Looking for a way to put the library to use, CPTV decided to get into radio. At the time, while Hartford got a fairly decent signal from WFCR in Amherst, Massachusetts, and much of southwestern Connecticut was covered by WNYC-AM-FM in New York City, most of the rest of the state did not even get a grade B signal from an NPR station. New Haven, for instance, had to content itself with a translator of WFCR on 90.5 FM. Finding available frequencies proved difficult, however. In addition to the crowded state of the noncommercial end of the FM dial in the Northeast, there was a considerable glut of 10-watt stations in the state. Ultimately, CPTV bought the 90.5 frequency from the Friends of WFCR, the New Haven group that owned the WFCR translator, and used it as the linchpin for what would become Connecticut Public Radio.
The network's first station, WPBH, signed on in June 1978. The station was licensed to Meriden, halfway between Hartford and New Haven, in order to serve both cities (Hartford and New Haven, then as now, are separate radio markets). CPBI originally wanted the WNPR calls, but the FCC turned it down due to objections from WPLR in New Haven, who claimed the calls sounded too similar. It became WPKT in 1984 after board chairman Homer D. Babbidge Jr. requested the FCC change the call letters to honor CPBN head Paul K. Taff.
WNPR (89.1 FM) in Norwich followed in 1981, WEDW-FM (88.5 FM) in Stamford in 1985 and WRLI-FM (91.3 FM) on Long Island in 1993.
On September 15, 2011, WPKT and WNPR swapped callsigns. Although 90.5 FM has always been the flagship station, the network had been using WNPR as its on-air name since the 1990s.
For the first 20 years of its existence, the network broadcast a mix of classical music, jazz and NPR talk. However, starting in the late 1990s, WNPR began gradually increasing the news programming on its schedule. One of the first casualties of this change was the popular classical music program Morning pro musica, which was fed from WGBH-FM in Boston. The program had aired on WNPR as part of the terms by which the Friends of WFCR sold the 90.5 frequency to CPBI. However, by the late 1990s, this resulted in WNPR only being able to run the first hour of Morning Edition. Ultimately, WNPR decided to cancel Morning pro musica, even though network executives knew it would cause a major loss in funding. However, the increased willingness of NPR member stations to focus on news, especially after the September 11 attacks occurred, made the format change palatable. Ultimately, in 2006, WNPR dropped classical music altogether in favor of a full-time news and information format. In 2013, the station launched a new online service, WNPR News.
WAIC
From 2011 to 2016, Connecticut Public Radio operated WAIC (91.9 FM), the college radio station of American International College in Springfield, Massachusetts. WAIC first went on air in February 1967, going stereo in 1985. Initially programmed from American International College (at various points programming top 40 and adult hits), it became a full-time relay of Connecticut Public Radio on November 1, 2011. This ended in 2016, when WNPR turned over operation of WAIC to WFCR, the NPR member for Western Massachusetts. WFCR made WAIC a satellite of its all-news network.
Programming
Connecticut Public Radio features the programs Where We Live, The Colin McEnroe Show, Audacious with Chion Wolf, Seasoned, and Disrupted with Khaliah Brown-Dean, all based in Hartford. The station also syndicates NPR programming. Connecticut Public Radio also produces the regional news show Next with the New England News Collaborative.
From 1982 to 2019, Faith Middleton hosted various shows out of the New Haven studio. She hosted The Faith Middleton Show and The Faith Middleton Food Schmooze, until she retired in 2019.
In 2020, The Wheelhouse, a Wednesday weekly political round table talk show was absorbed into Where We Live's schedule on Wednesday mornings, and still with a focus on local and national politics.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Maria which hit Puerto Rico in September 2017, WNPR produced a documentary entitled "The Island Next Door", focused on the impact of the storm on the island and the links between New England and Puerto Rico. The documentary was released in late 2018 to coincide with the one year mark since the storm ravaged Puerto Rico.
Awards
WNPR has received many awards over the past few decades. It has received two George Foster Peabody Awards, five Ohio State Awards and two Gracie Allen Awards. It has also gotten over 60 Associated Press Awards, which include eight Mark Twain Awards for Overall Station Excellence.
Faith Middleton has been voted Best Radio Talk-Show Host by Connecticut Magazine readers for the past 10 years.
Other stations
Repeaters
Translators
Additional affiliates
WECS (90.1 FM) Windham: Eastern Connecticut State University's campus station simulcasts the network's feeds of Morning Edition, All Things Considered and Car Talk.
WVOF (88.5 FM) Fairfield: Fairfield University's campus station simulcasts the network's feeds of Morning Edition, All Things Considered, Where We Live, Car Talk, Wait, Wait Don't Tell Me, Living on Earth, Speaking of Faith, Studio 360. and the BBC World Service.
References
External links
American International College
Mass media in Hartford, Connecticut
Mass media in Suffolk County, New York
NPR member networks
NPR member stations
1978 establishments in Connecticut
King of Kilba is a 1926 children's adventure novel by Percy F. Westerman. It follows Kenneth Kilsyth, a young clerk in London, and his friend Gerald Hayes, as they embark on a series of adventures at sea, and on the island of Kilba.
Plot summary
Kenneth Kilsyth, a young clerk in a London counting house, and a most reluctant employee, wins £1000 in a football pool (nearly £200,000 at present-day prices calculated as average earnings, or over £43,000 calculated as retail price index).
Inviting his sole friend and fellow clerk, Gerald Hayes, to join him, he embarks on a journey of adventure.
Some time later, they find themselves the sole passengers on a merchant ship, the S.S. Mumtaz, steaming from Vancouver to Honolulu, but all the officers and most of the sailors are quickly wiped out by a mysterious disease, leaving the two passengers the only people alive. Bridges, the quartermaster of the crew, survives long enough to help dispose of the bodies overboard and shows the lads how to rig a sail on to the wallowing freighter. Under the influence of the North-East trade winds and the North Equatorial current, the Mumtaz eventually drifts over a coral reef and lodges on the leeward side.
The boys are near an island, and arming themselves with guns from the captain's cabin, they land on the island. At dawn, atop a small hill, they are confronted by an army of 'savages'. But the natives attack on stilts (the ground is taboo to them) and the boys are able to defend themselves. The attack is suddenly called off by an elderly white man who speaks broken English. He reveals that he was shipwrecked many years before and has become 'King' of the island, called Kilba. This is in accordance with a local prophecy that a white man will always rule the people. From him, they learn that tribal warfare between the two islands of Kilba and Neka has existed for many generations.
They take part in some battles, and eventually the old king dies. Kilsyth is forced to accept the title, with 'Haya', as Hayes in now known, as his 'brother'. They conduct the continuing war against the neighboring island. They attempt to introduce the islanders to football and cricket. Cricket proves so attractive that the natives relax their vigilance. The Nekas invade and carry off Hayes as a captive. He is lowered into an abyss as a sacrifice to an enormous crab, known as 'Bonga Te Akka' (the great mill wheel).
The crab, with a shell six feet across and claws over eight feet long, is about to devour its prey when Kilsyth and an army of Kilbans arrive to rescue him. But the tables are turned and Kilsyth is himself sacrificed to the crab. His small gun is useless, but he manages to light a fire, which deflects and then burns the crab to death. The Nekans attempt to kill Kilsyth anyway, but are thwarted when the two heroes are rescued by a party of New Zealanders prospecting for ambergris. In fact, one of the island's sheltered bays contains vast stores of this valuable material. The two men promise to reveal the location of the cache, in return for equal partnerships in the firm of Wilcox and Co in Auckland, who are sponsoring the search.
They fly away in the explorer's aeroplane, thus fulfilling another island prophecy that the King will be taken away by a 'great bird' when his work is done.
Sources
J.F.C. and Percy Westerman
External links
1926 British novels
British children's novels
British adventure novels
Ward, Lock & Co. books
Novels set on islands
1926 children's books
Lakdar Boussaha (born July 18, 1987) is a French-Algerian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Étoile Carouge FC.
Club career
Born in Bourg St Maurice, France, Boussaha started his career in the junior ranks of US Annecy Le Vieux. At the start of the 2008–09 season, he joined the US Boulogne reserve team, scoring 15 league goals and adding 7 more in the cup. He was promoted to the first team at the start of the 2009–10 season, and after netting 11 goals in 5 games for the reserve team, he was given his Ligue 1 debut on October 4, 2009, in a league game against Lille OSC. Boussaha started the game and was replaced at the 54th minute.
At the end of the 2009–10 season, the club announced that his contract would not renew.
On May 20, 2010, Boussaha went on trial with Algerian club JSM Béjaïa.
In August 2019, Boussaha joined Swiss Promotion League club Étoile Carouge FC.
References
1987 births
Living people
French sportspeople of Algerian descent
Sportspeople from Albertville
Association football forwards
Algerian footballers
French footballers
US Boulogne players
Racing Besançon players
JSM Béjaïa players
Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01 players
Grenoble Foot 38 players
Étoile Carouge FC players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Ligue 1 players
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
Swiss Promotion League players
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Footballers from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
The Memorial to Company A, Capitol Guards was an American Civil War memorial in MacArthur Park, Little Rock, Arkansas. It stood just northeast of the former Tower Building of the Little Rock Arsenal, at a junction of two of the park's internal roadways. It consisted of a bronze sculpture depicting a Confederate Army soldier in a defensive stance, holding a rifle pointed forward. The statue was in height, and was mounted in a granite column tall. The memorial was sometimes known as "Lest we forget", a line that appeared near the top of the inscription on the base. The statue was created by sculptor Rudolph Schwarz, and was installed in 1911; it was paid for by the local chapter of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, and memorializes the unit that seized the arsenal at the outset of the war.
The memorial was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996, and was delisted in 2021. The statue was removed in June 2020 following the George Floyd protests.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Little Rock, Arkansas
Removal of Confederate monuments and memorials
References
1911 sculptures
Monuments and memorials in the United States removed during the George Floyd protests
Confederate States of America monuments and memorials in Arkansas
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Arkansas
MacArthur Park (Little Rock, Arkansas)
Monuments and memorials in Little Rock, Arkansas
Monuments and memorials on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Little Rock, Arkansas
Neoclassical architecture in Arkansas
Removed Confederate States of America monuments and memorials
Tourist attractions in Little Rock, Arkansas
Former National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Statues in Arkansas
Statues removed in 2020
Cirkus Agora is one of five travelling circuses in Norway. It was started in 1989 by Jan Kjetil Smørdal, it went bankrupt after a trip to iceland in 2008 and then again the following year.
References
External links
Official Website
Circuses
Circus
Allison Gimbel Lewis Clapp is an American chef, television and radio personality, and food writer. She is the former food editor for Bon Appétit magazine and is known for her regular television appearances as a segment host and cook on the PBS program Everyday Food.
Education and career
Clapp graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy and earned a bachelor of arts degree in economics from Yale University. She then earned her Grand Diplôme at Le Cordon Bleu in Paris. She had previously spent the summer before her senior year in college at Tante Marie's Cooking School in San Francisco, which fostered her passion for food. While in Paris, she worked as a trainee at Restaurant Arpège, Alain Passard's Michelin 3-star restaurant.
After working for Bobby Flay's New York restaurants, Mesa Grill and Bolo, where she served as food and beverage director, Clapp was an event coordinator at Tentation Special Events Catering.
Starting in 2002, Clapp was deputy food editor for Everyday Food magazine, a Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia publication, which launched her foray into television through its companion TV show. Clapp also managed the test kitchen for Everyday Food, where her duties included recipe development and testing. She also wrote a monthly column, "How-To With Allie," where she offered instruction on basic cooking techniques. She was a contributor at its sister publication, Blueprint, and made frequent appearances on Martha Stewart's talk show, Martha, and NBC's The Today Show. Clapp also hosted a daily radio segment called "Everyday Dinners" on Sirius Satellite Radio's Martha Stewart Living Radio, where she offered time-saving ideas for weeknight meals. Her last season of the PBS show was in 2009.
From 2008 to 2012, Clapp was food director for Real Simple magazine, where she oversaw the food section, which was nominated for James Beard, IACP, and ASME awards.
Clapp was named in October 2012 to food editor at Bon Appétit, where she shaped the magazine's monthly food content and oversaw the brand's food-related content across multimedia platforms. She left in June 2014, with her role being succeeded by Carla Lalli Music.
Personal life
Clapp is the daughter of Patricia G. Lewis and Dr. Randall J. Lewis of Bethesda, Maryland. Her father, an orthopedic surgeon, is a clinical professor at George Washington University medical school. Her mother, an attorney, is a partner in Caplin & Drysdale, a Washington, D.C., law firm. Her great-great grandfather was Adam Gimbel, the founder of the department store chain that bore his name and the operator of other stores, including Saks Fifth Avenue.
In October 2007, she married Andrew Todd Clapp, a partner in Catalyst Investors, an investment firm in New York City. They live in Manhattan's Greenwich Village.
External links
References
Living people
American chefs
American television personalities
American women television personalities
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bon Appétit people
Darius Hamilton (born December 29, 1993) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent. He attended Rutgers University.
High school career
A native of Woodland Park, New Jersey (formerly known as West Paterson), Hamilton attended powerhouse Don Bosco Preparatory High School in Ramsey, New Jersey, where he was an All-American defensive lineman. Don Bosco won back-to-back New Jersey state championships in 2010 and 2011, finishing the 2011 season as the No. 1 team in the nation according to USA Today. He participated in the 2012 U.S. Army All-American Bowl following his senior season.
Regarded as a five-star recruit by Rivals.com, Hamilton was ranked as the No. 2 strongside defensive end prospect in his class. Labelled New Jersey's most sought-after recruit since Eugene Monroe in 2005, Hamilton picked Rutgers over Miami (FL).
College career
Described as the "gem of the highest-rated recruiting class in Rutgers history", Hamilton was the only true freshman in the regular rotation on offense or defense in 2012. He was named a captain for the 2014 season as a junior.
Hamilton injured his knee on September 27, 2015, causing him to miss the remainder of the season. He returned to Rutgers for a fifth year, conditional on whether he is granted a redshirt.
Professional career
In 2018, Hamilton joined the Salt Lake Stallions of the Alliance of American Football. The league ceased operations in April 2019.
Personal
Hamilton is the son of Rosita Collazo and Keith Hamilton, who played twelve years in the National Football League for the New York Giants.
References
External links
Rutgers Scarlet Knights bio
1993 births
Living people
American football defensive ends
People from Woodland Park, New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
Rutgers Scarlet Knights football players
Salt Lake Stallions players
Elisabeth of Brandenburg ( – 1231) a member of the House of Ascania. She was a Margravine of Brandenburg by birth and by marriage Landgravine of Thuringia.
She was the daughter of Margrave Albert II of Brandenburg and his wife Matilda of Groitzsch, the daughter of Landgrave Conrad II of Lusatia from the House of Wettin.
In 1228 she married Landgrave Henry Raspe of Thuringia, the later anti-king of Germany. The marriage remained childless.
Elisabeth died in 1231, at the age of 25, after three years of marriage. After her death, Henry married Gertrude of Babenberg and after Gertrude's death to Beatrix of Brabant. All three of his marriages were childless and after his death, the Emperor enfeoffed Thuringia to Henry III, the son of Henry Raspe's sister Jutta.
House of Ascania
Landgravines of Thuringia
1200s births
Year of birth uncertain
1231 deaths
13th-century German nobility
Namea Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. The Yellow River languages are spoken in this LLG.
Wards
01. Abrau
02. Alendami
03. Akwom
04. Augom
05. Alai
06. Ameni (Namia language speakers)
07. Iwani (Namia language speakers)
08. Magleri
09. Mantopai
10. Warukori
11. Norambalip
12. Yakaltim (Auwon language speakers)
13. Yegarapi
14. Yilui
15. Edwaki
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Lion Brewing and Malting Company of Jerningham Street, Lower North Adelaide was one of the many breweries which proliferated in Australia in the nineteenth-century. In those days beer was much cheaper than now; the wholesale price was 1/ a gallon, but transport was expensive, and small breweries were to be found all over the country. Most of these have now disappeared, having either closed down or become merged in larger businesses. Lion Brewing and Malting eventually confined itself to malting barley and manufacture of aerated waters and cordials.
The company was floated in 1888 in order to secure the brewing, hotel and property assets of Beaglehole and Johnston, issuing 75,000 shares of £1 each. The company owned many hotels in South Australia including the Cross Keys Hotel at Dry Creek (and subdivided around 20 acres adjacent in 1912), the Flagstaff Hotel, Darlington, the Oriental Hotel in Osmond Terrace, Norwood and the Bath Hotel at 91 King William Street in the city. Later in the 20th century it became a shareholder in another major hotel owner, Knapman and Sons, and bought out that company in 1973.
Johnston brothers
Andrew Galbraith Johnston (1827 – 18 December 1886), James Johnston (1818 – 12 April 1891) and three other brothers, all of Campbeltown, Scotland, arrived in South Australia on the Buckinghamshire early in 1839 with their father, who soon built one of South Australia's first malthouses and founded the town of Oakbank. He served a ten-year apprenticeship as a draper, then opened a shop in Reedy Creek which he left for the goldfields. He was quite successful and with his brother James, after a brief stint as a miller in Bridgewater, joined his father's brewing business and together built it into a highly profitable business.
Robert Cock, a "first settler" who accompanied Governor Hindmarsh on , and for whom Cox's Creek was named, has been reported as founder of the malting business. and had a substantial farm in the area.
James Johnston was one of the best-known men in the south, as his firm had business connections and valuable hotel property in all the principal centres of the district. He took an active interest in the politics of the Onkaparinga district and was generous in his support of the Woodside and Mount Barker Institutes. He was one of the founders of the Mount Barker Agricultural Society (missing only one of its first 44 annual shows) and with his brother Andrew was an active promoter of the Onkaparinga Racing Club (now Oakbank Racing Club), and its Great Eastern Steeplechase, first run in 1876. He was an enthusiastic proponent of "acclimatisation of useful species" and stocked the district about his home with Californian quail, and filled the Onkaparinga with perch. He married Margaret "Minnie" Disher (died 11 April 1900), a sister of Eliza, Lady Milne. The Disher family arrived in Adelaide aboard Palmyra in October 1839.
James's son John Disher Johnston (1850–1916) was a partner in the brewery. Another son, James Steele Johnston (1870 – 22? May 1892) was partner in the Broken Hill, New South Wales brewing firm of Simpson, Johnston and Co.
W. H. Beaglehole
For more details see main article
William Henry Beaglehole (6 May 1834 – 1 June 1917) was born at Helston, Cornwall, and came to South Australia at the age of 15. He worked as a builder, then joined rush to the goldfields of Victoria, where he had some success. He operated as a builder and developer in the copper-mining towns of Kadina, Wallaroo, and Moonta, where he was for eight years landlord of the Royal Hotel. He represented the district for six years in the South Australian House of Assembly.
He founded the firm Beaglehole and Johnston with James and Andrew Galbraith Johnston, owners of the Oakbank Brewery. In 1884 he founded the Lion Brewing and Malting Company and was elected chairman of directors. He founded the Waverley Brewery at Broken Hill (later purchased by the South Australian Brewing Company). He started a distillery at Thebarton, which was subsequently acquired by Milne and Co. He was one of the first ≠members of the South Australian Licensed Victuallers' Association. He was one of the founders of the Grand Hotel in Melbourne.
F. A. Chapman
Frederick Arthur Chapman (10 March 1864 – 18 September 1925) was born in Stepney, South Australia, the son of Arthur Chapman, one of Adelaide's best-known hotel brokers. He was educated at Grote Street State School, J. L. Young's Adelaide Educational Institution and Prince Alfred College. He entered the brewing trade as an apprentice under Mr. G. Gray at the Lion Brewery and remained with the company all his life. At 18 be been sent out as a traveller, and became acquainted with most aspects of hotel management. He worked in every branch of the trade and at the age of 25 he was appointed company secretary. By then the company had ceased brewing to concentrate on production of malt, aerated beverages and cordials. His duties took him periodically to Sydney, Brisbane, and Perth, where the company had customers for its malt among the leading breweries.
He was for some time secretary of the South Australian Associated Brewers and the Brewers' Association. On many occasions he represented the brewing interest at conferences and in Arbitration Court cases. He was a director of the Cooperative Bottle Company, and was for a time chairman of the finance committee of the Chamber of Manufacturers.
For six years he was a member cf the Church of England Synod's financial board, and for many years a synodsman and lay reader of the Church.
He was a prominent Freemason and a member of the Commercial Travellers' Association for over 30 years.
Chapman died of a heart attack on the Melbourne Express on his way to Victoria where he was to holiday with his brother, L. Chapman of Western Australia. He left a widow Marian (née Kingsborough), two sons: Dr. A. Chapman (superintendent of the Adelaide Dental Hospital) and Mr. S. Chapman (secretary of the Lion Brewing Company) and a daughter, Elma Chapman.
S. I. Chapman
Stanley Irwin Chapman (1892 –29 September 1940), a son of F. A. Chapman, was educated at St. Peter's College, then worked for some years with Burns, Philp and Company Ltd. in New Guinea. When war broke out in 1914 he joined the navy, and on return to Sydney transferred to the army as staff sergeant. After the war he joined Lion Brewing and eventually succeeded his father as manager. He was an active member of the Returned Soldiers' League and of St. Peter's Old Collegians' Association.
M. Sharman
Listed in Sands and MacDougalls Directory 1962 as company manager.
References
Bibliography
Painter, Alison Brewers & hoteliers : the Johnstons of Oakbank
Food and drink companies of Australia
Manufacturing companies based in Adelaide
Australian beer brands
Beer brewing companies based in South Australia
Breweries in Australia
History of Adelaide
The National Front for Liberation–Tahrir al-Sham conflict began on 1 January 2019 during clashes between Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement and Hayat Tahrir al-Sham (HTS), after HTS launched an attack against the group in Darat Izza, Taqad, and Khan al-Asal fronts in rebel-held western Aleppo. The conflict ended on 10 January 2019, after the National Front for Liberation agreed to withdraw, allowing HTS to take over almost all of the remaining opposition-held areas of the Idlib pocket.
Background
Hayat Tahrir al-Sham attacked Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki in response to recent assassinations of HTS' members in the area of Darat Izza on behalf of the al-Zenki movement.
Conflict
HTS attacks Nour al-Din al-Zenki
Clashes began on 1 January 2019 when HTS seized the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement controlled town of Darat Izza and several towns in Western Aleppo.
On 2 January Tahrir al-Sham fully captured Darat Izza, as well as Kafr Tin, Urum al-Kubra, Khan al-Assal, and Maklabis from the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement in western Aleppo. National front for Liberation released a statement announcing full mobilization of the body in order to repel Tahrir al-Sham's attacks, while Hurras al-Deen reportedly joined the clashes on Tahrir al-Sham's side. In Idlib province, the National Front for Liberation made advances in the eastern part of Saraqib and captured Tell Mansour checkpoint, as well as the village of Jaradah in southern Idlib. On the same day, the National Front for Liberation issued a directive ordering fighters positioned against the Syrian government and allied forces on the front lines not to withdraw from their positions in order to attack Hayat Tahrir al-Sham. Jaysh al-Islam also reportedly announced they would take part in fighting against Hayat Tahrir al-Sham from Afrin due to preexisting hostilities between HTS and JAI from East Ghouta.
On 3 January, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR), National Front for Liberation captured al-Zawiyah and al-Ghadqa town in Maarrat al-Nu'man District, after an attack on the sites of Tahrir al-Sham there, while the clashes continue between both parties in the area, the clashes continue in Babila area at the highway of Saraqib Maarrat al-Nu'man and other places in the southern countryside of Idlib. On the same day, according to pro-government sources, Hayat Tahrir al-Sham captured four towns in the Hama Governorate.
On 4 January, SOHR reported that clashes continued between Nour al-Din al-Zenki of National Liberation Front and Tahrir al-Sham, in the areas of Kafrentin, Senkhar, and the vicinity and outskirts of Darat Izza, that clashes renewed between National Liberation Front against Tahrir al-Sha in the areas of Qah and Salwah in the northern countryside of Idlib, and that Tahrir al-Sham took control over Jamiat al-Arman, in the opposition-held part of the western Aleppo countryside and captured the towns of Sinkhar, al-Hota and the 111th Regiment base from the Nour al-Din al-Zenki Movement. Tahrir al-Sham also reportedly entered the town of A'wejel after reaching an agreement with the local council there.
On the same day, the Russian Air Force reportedly launched airstrikes on Darat Izza and Base 111 which were recently captured by Tahrir al-Sham from the Nour al-Din al-Zenki movement.
On 5 January, SOHR reported that Tahrir al-Sham shelled Deir Ballut in Afrin countryside controlled by the Olive Branch forces of the Syrian National Army, while clashes continued between Tahrir al-Sham and National Front for Liberation near the border town of Atme. At dawn on Saturday, a large military convoy including tens of vehicles and members was brought by Hayyaat Tahrir al-Sham to areas in the southern countryside of Idlib, and negotiations took place with between Tahrir al-Sham and Nour al-Din al-Zenki movement about the latter withdrawing towards Afrin area.
On 6 January, Tahrir al-Sham entered the city of Atarib with military columns, after an agreement was reached after midnight of yesterday with factions of Thowwar al-Sham and Bayareq al-Islam. The agreement came after hours of violent clashes after an attack by Tahrir al-Sham to take control of the town. Meanwhile, according to SOHR, more than 400 fighters of Nour al-Din al-Zenki arrived in the areas controlled by the TFSA in the northeastern and northwestern parts of Aleppo, after they surrendered in the clashes against Tahrir al-Sham, with the expectation that the number of arrivals would increase to 500 fighters.
On 7 January, SOHR reported that the countryside of Idlib continued witnessing a mobilization by the rival factions in their areas of control, with the National Liberation Front factions continuing to reinforce their points and fortify them and bringing more fighters to the checkpoints, such as in the outskirts of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Ariha, and others. Tahrir Al-Sham brought reinforcements to Ariha area in the southern sector of Idlib countryside, as well as the areas of Bsonqul, Basames and Qarsaya; according to SOHR these reinforcements come as a part of preparations by Tahrir Al-Sham to expand its control again within Idlib province. On the same day, to Rouse the Believers Operations Room, which includes Ansar al-Islam, Jabhat Ansar al-Din remnants, the Guardians of Religion Organization, and Ansar al-Tawhid, published a statement condemning the infighting and called for all issues and differences between HTS and the NLF to be resolved in a Sharia court. The NFL's 2nd Army also published a document renouncing the infighting.
Expansion into Al-Ghab Plain
On 8 January, clashes continued between Tahrir al-Sham and factions belonging to the National Front for Liberation in several sectors of Hama and Idlib countryside. National Front for Liberation launched a counterattack on positions of Tahrir al-Sham in Sfuhen town, which caused the advancement of the National Front for Liberation factions and besieging members of Tahrir al-Sham in several pockets in the town and injuring others, in addition to damaging several vehicles of Tahrir al-Sham, which is bringing more military reinforcements to the area. The clashes described as the most violent took place between both parties, in Tremla area and villages of Jabal Shashabo and Sahl al-Ghab, and the vicinity of Hbit and Abdin, which caused casualties in the ranks of both parties. While Tahrir al-Sham was able to achieve an important advancement in Sahl al-Ghab at the western country of Hama, and control one of the most important strongholds of Ahrar al-Sham faction, al-Ankawi village, according to SOHR it contains a headquarters large enough to accommodate tanks. Tahrir al-Sham also managed to advance and control each of Naqir, Abdin, Arinbeh, Stuh al-Dier, Tremla, and parts of Sfuhen, while heavy and medium machinegun targeting took place this morning on the outskirts of Maarat al-Nu'man and Ariha. On the same day, the NFL's Jaysh al-Nasr announced their neutrally in the conflict.
NFL surrender
On 9 January 2019, a truce was agreed to, with the NFL surrendering their last positions in southwestern Idlib to Tahrir al-Sham, with Jaysh al-Izza being the only other group allowed to operate in that area.
During the 9 day conflict, HTS captured around 90 areas, which gave them about 80% control over rebel territories in greater Idlib, or about 7200 km² out of about 8937 km², prior to the NFL's surrender. On 10 January, Tahrir al-Sham took control of the remaining territories that were formerly held by the NFL, with the exception of several towns in the Hama countryside.
Aftermath
On 30 April 2019, the Syrian Army launched a large-scale offensive on the Idlib pocket, beginning with an aerial bombing campaign, and then launching a ground offensive on 6 May. The offensive came after numerous HTS attacks, culminating with an attack by the HTS on 27 April that left 22 pro-government fighters dead.
Groups rejecting rebel infighting
Jaysh al-Nasr (part of the NFL)
See also
al-Nusra Front–SRF/Hazzm Movement conflict
October 2016 Idlib Governorate clashes
Idlib Governorate clashes (January–March 2017)
Idlib Governorate clashes (July 2017)
East Ghouta inter-rebel conflict (April–May 2017)
Syrian Liberation Front–Tahrir al-Sham conflict
References
Conflicts in 2019
Aleppo Governorate in the Syrian civil war
Idlib Governorate in the Syrian civil war
Hama Governorate in the Syrian civil war
January 2019 events in Syria
Military operations of the Syrian civil war in 2019
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving Tahrir al-Sham
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving Ahrar al-Sham
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving the Free Syrian Army
Military operations of the Syrian civil war involving Russia
Niederdürenbach is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Michael Avery is a professor at Suffolk University Law School and a civil rights lawyer. He was the president of the National Lawyers Guild from 2003 to 2006.
He is currently the President of the Board of the National Police Accountability Project.
Avery edited and was a contributing author to the 2008 book We Dissent: Talking Back to the Rehnquist Court, which received favorable reviews in Trial and Choice.
He is also the coauthor of:
Avery, Michael, David Rudovsky, Karen Blum, and Jennifer Lauin, Police Misconduct: Law and Litigation. New York: Thomson Reuters, updated annually.
Brodin, Mark and Avery, Michael, Handbook of Massachusetts Evidence, Wolters Kluwer, updated annually.
Avery, Michael, and Danielle McLaughlin. The Federalist Society: How Conservatives Took the Law Back from Liberals+ book. Nashville, Tenn: Vanderbilt University Press, 2013
Avery, Michael, Glannon Guide to Evidence, Wolters Kluwer, 2018.
His first novel, The Cooperating Witness'', will be published by Literary Wanderlust in the summer of 2020.
References
External links
American lawyers
Suffolk University Law School faculty
American legal scholars
Tezozomoctli (originally Teçoçomoctli; ruled 1418–1430) was a tlatoani ("ruler" or "king") of the pre-Columbian Nahua altepetl (city-state) of Cuauhtitlan in central Mexico. His palace was located at Huexocalco.
Tezozomoctli was born in the Mexica city of Tlatelolco. His father was Tlacateotl, who was the second tlatoani of Tlatelolco. His mother was Xiuhtomiyauhtzin, the daughter of the tlatoani of Coatl Ichan, Acolmiztli. Tezozomoctli was probably named after his great-grandfather, the powerful ruler of Azcapotzalco.
In the Tepanec War in the year 3 Rabbit (1430), Cuauhtitlan was attacked and defeated by the combined forces of the surrounding peoples. After being informed at his refuge at Cincoc Huehuetocan that Cuauhtitlan had been captured, Tezozomoctli travelled to Atzompan where he allegedly committed suicide by poison.
Notes
References
Nahua nobility
Tlatoque
15th-century monarchs in North America
15th-century indigenous people of the Americas
Year of birth unknown
1430 deaths
Suicides by poison
Suicides in North America
Medd is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bruce Medd (born 1953), Canadian gymnast and Olympics competitor
Donald Gordon Medd Nelson (1914–1989), Canadian surgeon general and air force medical officer
Gordon Medd (1925–1996), English footballer
Henry Medd (1892–1977), British architect
Mary Medd (1907–2005), British architect
Pete Medd (born 1976), American football player and coach
Peter Medd (1829–1908), English priest and scholar
William George Medd (1869–1951), Canadian businessman and politician
Joyce Lazaro Ndalichako is Minister of State (Policy, Parliament, Labour, Employment, Youth and the Disabled) in the Office of the Prime Minister of Tanzania. Previously she served as Minister of Education, Science, Technology and Vocational Training. She was appointed by the president of United Republic of Tanzania, John Magufuli, as a Member of Parliament and Minister for Education, Science, Technology and Vocational Training from 2015 in Tanzania.
Early life and education
She was born on May 21, 1964, in Musoma, Mara Region in Tanzania. She attended University of Dar Es Salaam from 1987–1991, where she graduated with Bachelor of Science with education, majoring in mathematics. During 1993–1997 she went to University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, where she obtained a PhD in educational psychology, major in educational statistics & measurement and evaluation.
Career
From 2000 to 2005 she was the senior lecturer at the University of Dar Es Salaam teaching educational measurement and evaluation, research methods, and educational statistics, supervising dissertation of the students.
From 2014 to date she has been the associate professor and deputy head researcher at Agha Khan University Institute for Educational Development, East Africa
References
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2015–2020
Tanzanian MPs 2020–2025
Nominated Tanzanian MPs
1964 births
People from Musoma
ESMO may refer to:
European Society for Medical Oncology
European Student Moon Orbiter
Oskarshamn Airport (ICAO code)
The 1893 Index Kewensis (IK), maintained by the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, is a publication that aims to register all botanical names for seed plants at the rank of species and genera. It later came to include names of taxonomic families and ranks below that of species.
The Index is currently maintained as part of the International Plant Names Index in combination with the Gray Herbarium and Australian Plant Name indexes. This database is anticipated to complete the task of creating a complete list of plant names, although it does not determine which are accepted species names.
History
The preparation for this venture was made by Benjamin Daydon Jackson of the Linnaean Society, directed by Joseph Dalton Hooker at Kew. Charles Darwin provided the funding for the indexing project. When he died in 1882 his will stipulated that provision be made for £250 per annum over a 5-year period.
In providing citations of plant names, the starting point was taken from 1753 onward; the year of publication for the Species Plantarum of Linnaeus.
Darwin had found difficulties in applying these to the plants he studied, and Hooker's directive was to 'the compilation of an Index to the Names and Authorities of all known flowering plants and their countries'.
While the Index has never fulfilled this original charter, it was the most comprehensive for over 100 years.
Previous attempts at a comprehensive index had relied on secondary sources, this was the first attempt to provide the original publication details of the names.
A note on the country of origin was also included.
The publications of De Candolle, Pfeiffer, and Bentham provided models for the acceptance of names.
However, the editor admitted that not all earlier sources were included; this sometimes led to subsequent errors in botanical nomenclature.
The scope of the project was also changed in early editions, the editor noting that to include a full synonymy was too ambitious. The work originally indicated acceptance of a name, acting as a nomenclator rather than an index, but by 1913 it avoided making taxonomic judgement in its citations.
The integrity of the document was liable to criticism as only representing the 'Kew view' on nomenclatural validity, the objective task of indexing gave the work itself greater international acceptance.
A description of Hooker's systematic works by F O Bower notes the "scheme originated in the difficulty he had found in the accurate naming of plants", and anticipates the importance of this work,
"Surely no greater technical benefit was ever conferred upon a future generation by the veterans of science than this Index. It smooths the way for every systematist who comes after. It stands as a monument to an intimate friendship. It bears witness to the munificence of Darwin, and the ungrudging personal care of Hooker."
Editions
First published in 1893, a hard copy was reprinted in 1996, providing access to the original publication details of plant names; these were also made available in microfiche format as the Cumulated Index Kewensis. The publication titled Kew Index was issued from 1986 until 1989.
The first index contained the scientific names of 400,000 species, regular supplements were then issued on newly published names. The supplements were issued every five years, each one adding around 6000 names to the index, eventually forming a compilation of over 1,000,000 entries.
The sixteenth supplement began to include bibliographic details at the rank of family and below, the later annual supplements included ferns and their allies. A digitalized version of the index was issued on a Compact Disc. A digital version was incorporporated with other indexes as the International Plant Names Index (IPNI), and may fulfill the original intention - a complete index of plant names. Entries at IPNI are designated with the abbreviation "(IK)".
See also
The Plant List
Kew Rule
References
Bibliography
Botanical nomenclature
Botany books
Narrative of Henry Watson, a fugitive slave is a slave narrative by Henry Watson (b. 1813), an African-American slave and abolitionist. His work is autobiographical, characteristic of the slave narratives of fugitive slaves of the period before emancipation. It is written in a "polemical" style typical of fugitive slave narratives and details the abuses he experienced while enslaved. Unlike most fugitive slave narratives, however, Watson's memoir recounts his self-doubt rather than projecting an image of heroism.
Summary
Watson was enslaved for 26 years in Virginia and Mississippi before escaping to the North. Watson was born in 1813 in Virginia, and at the age of 8 he was taken away from his family and forced to serve a cruel slave master. At first in Virginia, while later he was forced to march to Natchez in order to be sold to Mississippi planters, according to his narrative he was marched in a coffle with others, treated like animals and threatened with corporal punishment for the slightest infraction. When reaching Natchez the slave trader took off the slaves chains and changed their clothes in order for "visitors to examine the flock". Another tactic was to grease the mouths of slaves before the auction so that they would appear well and as if they have just eaten meat. If the slaves displeased him, he would strip them and flog them with a paddle. Additionally, he explained that buyers would look for scars from whipping that would indicate a rebellious slave and therefore lower the price. Furthermore he provides information on the treatment of slaves by their masters, for example the masters examined their slaves at all times to make sure they were appearing happy and if they were "in any mood other than laughing or singing" they were "often whipped or sold". His account also details the harsh conditions under which the slaves worked in the plantation, for example "each individual having a stated number of pounds of cotton to pick" and if this was not met then "the deficit was made up by as many lashes being applied to the back of the poor slave's back". Writing about his owner's wife and the fact that she enjoyed inflicting pain to those under he power, he described her as "taking delight in torturing, - in fact she made it a past time" and that "she inspired everyone about her with terror". While in Mississippi a "gentleman from Boston", an abolitionist probably part of the Underground Railroad, encouraged him to seek his freedom to the North. He suggested boarding a ship and prepared him for any questions that the captain or other white people could possibly have, Watson decided to take the boat to his freedom.
Publication and reception
The book was published by Bela Marsh, a for-profit anti-slavery press, first in 1848, with a second edition in 1849 and a third in 1850.
Describing five slave narratives including that of Henry Watson, The Christian Examiner and Religious Miscellany wrote, "We place these volumes without hesitation among the most remarkable productions of the age,—remarkable as being pictures of slavery by the slave, remarkable as disclosing under a new light the mixed elements of American civilization, and not less remarkable as a vivid exhibition of the force and working of the native love of freedom in the individual mind."
External links
Digitized copy in the Library of Congress
References
Slave narratives
1848 non-fiction books
African-American autobiographies
Books about African-American history
American autobiographies
In human anatomy, the esophageal hiatus is an opening in the diaphragm through which the esophagus and the vagus nerve pass.
Structure
It is located in the right crus, one of the two tendinous structures that connect the diaphragm to the spine. Fibers of the right crus cross one another below the hiatus.
It is located approximately at level of the tenth thoracic vertebra (T10) and the 8th or 9th intercostal spaces.
The esophageal hiatus is situated in the muscular part of the diaphragm at the level of the tenth thoracic vertebra, and is elliptical in shape. It is placed superior, anterior, and slightly left of the aortic hiatus, and transmits the esophagus, the vagus nerve, the left inferior phrenic vessels, and some small esophageal arteries from left gastric vessels. The right crus of the diaphragm loops around forming a sling around the esophagus. Upon inspiration, this sling would constrict the esophagus, forming a functional (not anatomical) sphincter that prevents stomach contents from refluxing up the esophagus when intra-abdominal pressure rises during inspiration.
Clinical significance
Hiatal hernia occurs when part of the stomach passes through the esophageal hiatus.
See also
Hiatus hernia
References
External links
- "Major Openings in the Diaphragm"
Thoracic diaphragm
Rhos Cefn Hir (or Rhoscefnhir) is a village in the community of Pentraeth, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 130.8 miles (210.5 km) from Cardiff and 210.8 miles (339.2 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Pentraeth
The 1991 WAFL season was the 107th season of the various incarnations of the West Australian Football League. With the West Coast Eagles still pushing attendances down and club finances into the red, the league made further experiments. Following on from the VFL and SANFL it introduced a ‘final five' to replace the final four in use since 1905, but this did not produce the hoped-for financial benefits and was abandoned after four seasons. A more enduring result of this chance was a ‘double-header' system of playing finals, whereby the two senior semi-finals were played at Subiaco Oval on the same day, with the first game starting just before noon and the second at the traditional time for playing finals. As a consequence of the double-headers, reserves finals were played at Fremantle Oval and colts at Bassendean.
The league also reverted to the ‘WAFL' moniker after the change to ‘WA State League' or ‘WASFL' was regarded as a failure. At the end of the home-and-away season, the WAFL saw offers from Kalgoorlie City, the South West National Football League and Geraldton to join as expansion clubs in an effort to gain more revenue from television – these proposals never materialised, but the first expansion since 1934 was to occur six seasons later with Peel Thunder.
On the field, Claremont won its fifth consecutive minor premiership in more decisive fashion than any of the previous four, losing only one match after the opening round and achieving the third-longest winning streak in open-age football, though their unbeaten sequence did not equal the 22 games achieved in 1987/1988. The Tiger dynasty would be broken the following season as the drafting of ten key players by AFL clubs decimated their ranks and they avoided the wooden spoon only by percentage in 1992.
Perth and East Perth, pre-1979 power clubs, both returned to the finals after long absences, in the Royals' case after the bleakest era in their history with only 33 wins in 126 matches and in the Demons' after being doomed pre-season to win only a couple of games after a clean-out and their 1990 Colts having won only once. East Fremantle, who had not missed finals participation since 1982, were decimated by the in-season resignation of coach Ron Wilcox and president Hans Beyer and did not play finals in any grade. The Sharks were also affected by the loss of number one ruckman Lance Durack after an altercation with Beyer – Durack was recruited by Swan Districts but never played for them and returned to the blue and whites in the tenth round. East Fremantle did recover during June and July but a serious lack of depth, well known to coach Judge, drove them off-course in August. South Fremantle had their worst season since the disaster of 1987, losing in spectacular fashion on numerous occasions in July and August, whilst West Perth, who at one point had due to senior-list injuries to give seven of their colts team a second match in a single day with the reserves, took their second consecutive wooden spoon.
On an individual front, Subiaco broke the longest club drought in Sandover Medal history, winning for the first time since Haydn Bunton, Sr. in 1941. The Lions were, however, to suffer the ignominy of losing the Grand Final in all three grades.
Home-and-away season
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4 (Anzac Day)
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Round 9 (Foundation Day)
Round 10
Round 11
Round 12
Round 13
Round 14
Round 15
Round 16
Round 17
Round 18
Round 19
Round 20
Round 21
Ladder
Finals
Elimination and Qualifying Finals
Semi-finals
Preliminary final
Grand Final
References
External links
Official WAFL website
West Australian Football League (WAFL), 1991
West Australian Football League seasons
WAFL
Kim Cheon-heong (; February 9, 1909 – August 18, 2007) was designated as the first ingan-munhwage on 21 December 1968 for the jongmyo jerye which is an Important Cultural Property of Korea. He was the master of haegeum and ilmu (hangul: 일무; hanja: 佾舞), which is a kind of Korean traditional dance during jongmyo jerye.
Biography
Kim was born in Seoul, Korea. When he was 13, he started studying Korean traditional dance at the Joseon Dynasty's royal music school (hangul: 이왕직아악부 아악생 양성소) in 1922. He was called "the last boy dancer" (hangul: 무동; hanja: 舞童) of the Joseon Dynasty because he performed at the last king, Sunjong of the Korean Empire's 50th birthday celebration in 1923. He also learned haegeum and other Korean traditional musical instruments including the ajaeng from the master Lee Sun-yong. He extended the Joseon Dynasty's royal dances to 40 types from an original 12 types. He died at the age of 98.
Career
1998 Honorary Chairman of the Performing Arts, Korea
1992~1993 President of the Republic of Korea Academy of Arts, Theatre, Film, and Dance Division
1983 Leader of Important Intangible Cultural Properties of Korea Performing Arts Company
1978 Member of The National Academy of Arts of the Republic of Korea
1973 President of corporation Daeakhoe (hangul: 대악회)
1961 Committee of Cultural Properties
1955 Director of Kim Cheon-heong Classical Dance Institute
1951 Research, Advisory Committee of the National Gugak Center
1940 Music instructor at Ewha Woman's College, Oxford University, Hanyang University
In 2002, he donated about 2000 resources on the music of Korea, which he had gathered for 80 years, to the University of Hawaii where he had been a visiting professor.
Awards
1997 Bangilyoung Gukaksang
1983 Korean Gukak
1970 The Republic of Korea Academy of Arts
1969 The Second Korea Culture Award
1968 Cultural Preservation Achievement Award
1960 Seoul City Culture Award
References
1909 births
2007 deaths
Hanyang University faculty
South Korean musicians
Gottlieb Ferdinand Albert Alexis Graf von Haeseler (January 19, 1836 – October 25, 1919) was a German military officer of the Imperial Wilhelmine period, with final rank of Generalfeldmarschall.
Biography
Haeseler was born in Potsdam to August Alexis Eduard Haeseler and Albertine von Schönermark. He entered the Prussian army as Lieutenant in 1853 and became aide-de-camp of Prince Frederick Charles of Prussia in 1860. He served in the Danish-Prussian War (1864), the Austro-Prussian War (1866), and the Franco-Prussian War (1870–71). From 1879 he headed the military history department of the general staff, and from 1890-1903 he was General of the Cavalry and head of the XVI Army Corps in Metz. In 1905 he received the rank of a Generalfeldmarschall. From 1903 he was member of the Prussian House of Lords and worked for the development of the vocational school system. Haeseler died in Harnekop.
Among other things, the barracks of the paratrooper battalion No. 261 in Lebach/Saar are named after Haeseler.
Awards
Iron Cross II Class (1870)
Iron Cross I Class (1870)
Pour le Mérite (19 January 1873)
Order of the Crown
Merit Order of the Bavarian Crown
Bavarian Military Merit Order
Order of the Red Eagle
Order of the White Falcon
Friedrich Order
Order of the Black Eagle
House Order of Hohenzollern
Order of Berthold the First (1895)
House Order of Fidelity (1903)
Austrian Imperial Order of Leopold (1877)
Imperial Order of the Iron Crown with War Decoration (1864)
Notes
Literature
Jürgen Hahn-Butry (Hrsg.): Preußisch-deutsche Feldmarschälle und Großadmirale. Safari, Berlin 1938.
Gottlieb Graf von Haeseler: Zehn Jahre im Stabe des Prinzen Friedrich Karl. 3 Bände. Mittler, Berlin 1910–1915 (Digitalisat: Band 2)
References
External links
1836 births
1919 deaths
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1870), 1st class
Field marshals of Prussia
Prussian people of the Austro-Prussian War
German military personnel of the Franco-Prussian War
Members of the Prussian House of Lords
Military personnel from Potsdam
People from the Province of Brandenburg
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite (military class)
Grand Crosses of the Military Merit Order (Bavaria)
Recipients of the Military Merit Cross (Mecklenburg-Schwerin), 1st class
Frankelin was a Swedish noble family of English origin. It descends from an Englishman, Rowland Franklin, whose son Henrik Frankelin went to Sweden and became valet de chambre of Duke Charles, the later Charles IX of Sweden. Frankelin married an illegitimate daughter Constantia Eriksdotter of Eric XIV of Sweden and Agda Persdotter. Their sons were naturalised into Swedish nobility in 1625. The elder son Carl Frankelin had only one child, Constantia (1631-1681), who was the last member of the family.
Sources
Swedish noble families
European families of English ancestry
Kataphraktosaurus is a genus of the lizard family Gymnophthalmidae. The genus is monotypic, i.e. it has only one species, Kataphraktosaurus ungerhamiltoni. It occurs in Venezuela.
References
Gymnophthalmidae
Lizard genera
Reptiles of Venezuela
Thomas Wood (28 November 1892 – 19 November 1950) was an English composer and author.
Wood was born in Chorley, Lancashire and attended Barrow Grammar School, also in Lancashire, before studying at the University of Oxford and the Royal College of Music. In 1919 he was appointed Director of Music at Tonbridge School in Kent, returning to Oxford in 1924 to teach at Exeter College. During this period he composed several choral-orchestral works including Forty Singing Seamen (1925), Master Mariners (1927) and The Ballad of Hampstead Heath (1927). He went to Australia in 1930 and spent over two years travelling across the country. This prompted him to write his book Cobbers (1934) which the Australian Dictionary of Biography describes as "still the most perceptive and captivating characterization of Australia and its people ever written by a visitor". He continued to compose and wrote several other books, including an autobiography, True Thomas (1936), before his death of a heart attack in 1950.
Miss St Osyth Mahala Eustace-Smith(1886 - 1970) of Wormingford married Thomas Wood in 1924 at Wormingford Church.
Before her marriage, on 7 June 1918 "The London Gazette" reported St Osyth receiving an OBE for her work as "Hon Secretary, Essex Local War Pensions Committee".
After their marriage the new Mrs St Osyth Wood moved into Parsonage Hall, Bures and became great benefactor to the local community.
She died at Wasperton, Warwickshire aged 84 years.
External links
Thomas Wood, by Philip Scowcroft
Dr Thomas Wood who lived in Bures, Suffolk from 1924 until his death in 1950
Bibliography
Cobbers (Oxford University Press, 1934)
Cobbers campaigning (Jonathan Cape, 1940)
Music and boyhood (Oxford University Press, 1925)
True Thomas (Jonathan Cape, 1936)
References
Australian Dictionary of Biography
Michael Hurd: 'Wood, Thomas (ii)' Grove Music Online ed. L. Macy (Accessed 23 August 2007) http://www.grovemusic.com
English writers
1892 births
1950 deaths
20th-century English composers
Chairpersons of the Royal Philharmonic Society
USS Spark was a heavily armed brig in the services of the United States Navy, built for service in the War of 1812. However, she was completed too late for that war and was assigned, instead, to the Barbary Wars in the Mediterranean. After two voyages in support of that action, she was assigned to suppress pirates in the Caribbean, where she was successful in capturing a number of pirate ships and their crews.
Service history
The first ship to be so named by the Navy, Spark—a privateer built in 1813 at the Rysam boatyard (est. 1797 reference Sag Harbor Historical Society) in Sag Harbor on Long Island, New York—was purchased by the Navy at Baltimore, Maryland, in 1814 for service in the war with England. However, the war ended before the brig could get to sea for active service against the Royal Navy. Spark, commanded by Lt. Thomas Gamble, departed New York City on 20 May 1815 and sailed for the Mediterranean for operations in Commodore Stephen Decatur's squadron against pirates of Algiers. She reached Gibraltar on 15 June and, two days later, helped in operations resulting in the capture of the Algerian flagship, Mashuda, near Cape de Gatt. On the 19th, she aided Epervier, Torch, and Spitfire in running Estedio ashore where she was boarded and captured. After cruising in the Mediterranean through the summer, Spark sailed for home on 6 October in a squadron commanded by Commodore William Bainbridge and reached Newport, Rhode Island, on 15 November and was laid up for repairs.
Recommissioned on 1 July 1816, the brig sailed again for the Mediterranean on 6 September carrying a letter from the President of the United States for the Dey of Algiers and orders appointing Commodore Isaac Chauncey and Consul-General Shalter commissioners to negotiate for peace. Spark cruised in the Mediterranean until returning home in 1821.
In the autumn of 1821, Spark, now commanded by Lt. John H. Elton, departed Boston, Massachusetts, for the Caribbean for operations against pirates. In January 1822, he captured a Dutch sloop and brought her and seven pirates to Charleston, South Carolina, for trial. She returned to the Caribbean and spent over three years suppressing buccaneers. The brig returned home in 1825. That year enslaved seaman James Hutton, through his attorney Francis Scott Key brought a freedom suit against Lt. William J. Belt, USN. Judge William Cranch of the District of Columbia Court, in his verdict, found that Lt. Belt by his action in enrolling James Hutton as an Ordinary Seaman aboard USS Columbus, and USS Spark (1813) was sufficient evidence of "implied manumission" and subsequently accorded Hutton his freedom. In reaching a decision, the court relied on muster rolls of both vessels and the letter of Commodore William Bainbridge dated 6 June 1825. In 1826 the USS Spark was sold at New York City.
References
Ships built in New York (state)
War of 1812 ships of the United States
Barbary Wars American ships
Dispatch boats of the United States Navy
Brigs of the United States Navy
1813 ships
Lake Jefferson is a lake in Le Sueur County, Minnesota. The lake covers an area of and is deep at its deepest point. Fish species enzootic to Lake Jefferson include bluegill, largemouth bass, northern pike, and walleye. While the Geographic Names Information System considers Lake Jefferson to be a single lake, it is sometimes referred to as two lakes, East Jefferson Lake and West Jefferson Lake. There are four sections: lower Jefferson, middle Jefferson, upper Jefferson, and Swedes Bay. The lake drains to German Lake through a connecting culvert, and is part of the Cannon River watershed.
The lake was named for Thomas Jefferson, the third President of the United States.
References
External links
East Jefferson Lake at Lake-Link.com
West Jefferson Lake at Lake-Link.com
Lake information reports for East Jefferson, Middle Jefferson, and West Jefferson lakes from Minnesota Department of Natural Resources.
Cannon River Watershed Minnesota PCA
Lakes of Minnesota
Lakes of Le Sueur County, Minnesota
Andarman (, also Romanized as Andarmān and Andarmūn; also known as Andarhān) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 424, in 115 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Red barberry is a common name for several plants and may refer to:
Berberis haematocarpa
Berberis thunbergii
Frogner Church () is a parish church in the Frogner borough of the city of Oslo, Norway. The congregation is part of the Oslo arch-deanery within the Diocese of Oslo in the Church of Norway.
History
Frogner Church was designed by the architect Ivar Næss (1878–1936) and built in 1907. The Church's main facade is made of granite, while the secondary facades against courtyards are made of brick. The church is integrated into a row of houses and apartment buildings. A chapel associated with the church was built in 1937–39 by the architect Johan Meyer. The Gimlehøyden district surrounding the church was built in the years 1916–1925 and designed by architects Harald Hals, Harald Aars and Lorentz Harboe Ree.
The pulpit and the altar of clay stone were carved by Ivar Næss in 1907. It was decorated with gold mosaics by Per Vigeland in 1947. Vigeland also made the decorations at the organ gallery and the stained glass windows. Maria Vigeland completed the last window. The altar image as made by sculptor Valentin Kielland in 1907. Kielland also featured images of Olav the Saint, Martin Luther and Hans Nielsen Hauge. Kielland additionally designed the stone relief of the Lamb of God over the front door. In the side gallery there is a painting by Christian Skredsvig.
Gallery
References
External links
Frogner kirke website
Lutheran churches in Oslo
1907 establishments in Norway
National Romantic architecture in Norway
Art Nouveau architecture in Oslo
Art Nouveau church buildings in Norway
Churches completed in 1907
ConnectiCon is an annual multi-genre convention dedicated to "a celebration of pop culture - everything from anime, to science fiction, comic books and card games."
Events
The convention includes 24-hour screening rooms of full-length features and episodes of classic and modern science fiction and anime titles and sponsorship by GameStop, which also provides consoles for tournament and casual video gaming.
Gaming, including board, card, miniature and role-playing are featured. The convention also features an "artist alley" an art show, an exhibitor hall, panels and workshops throughout the convention as well as larger events on a theatrical level such the Masquerade, Cosplay Chess, Death Match, Dating Game, and Nerd Prom. Other entertainment includes artistic, musical and theatrical guest performances such as from Super Art Fight!.
Past guests
Past guests of honor have included popular North American voice actors for anime and video games such as Carlos Ferro and noted science fiction film and television actors such as Robert Picardo, Ethan Phillips, Ellen Muth, Glenn Shadix, and Peter Mayhew; and prominent web comic personalities such as Brian Clevinger (8-Bit Theater), Scott Ramsoomair (VG Cats), Tim Buckley (Ctrl+Alt+Del), and Ananth Hirsh and Mohammad "Hawk" Haque (Applegeeks). The convention has been held in the Connecticut Convention Center in Hartford since 2005, after having been held at the University of Hartford from its inception in 2003. The convention has grown in size every year since, with over 12,000 paid attendees as of 2016.
2018
Guests in 2018 included Cal Dodd, Troy Baker, Linda Ballantyne, Steve Blum, Jason Fry, Katie Griffin, Deedee Magno Hall, Vanessa Marshall, Nolan North, Ron Rubin, and Jon St. John.
References
External links
Official website
Connecticut culture
Multigenre conventions
Recurring events established in 2003
Tourist attractions in Hartford, Connecticut
Conventions in Connecticut
Liu Jinli (; ; born March 16, 1989 in Qiqihar, Heilongjiang) is an internationally elite curler from China.
She curls out of the club in Heilongjiang and is currently a member of the Chinese National Team.
As a member of the National Team she will compete for Team China at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, British Columbia. She is the Alternate for the team.
Teammates
2010 Vancouver Olympic Games
Wang Bingyu, Skip
Liu Yin, Third
Yue Qingshuang, Second
Zhou Yan, Lead
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Chinese female curlers
Curlers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Curlers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for China
Olympic curlers of China
Sportspeople from Qiqihar
Olympic medalists in curling
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Asian Games medalists in curling
Curlers at the 2017 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2017 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Universiade medalists in curling
Pacific-Asian curling champions
Universiade gold medalists for China
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Amit Mishra (born 11 November 1991) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Uttar Pradesh cricket team in domestic cricket. He is a right-arm Medium-Fast bowler who was a member of the Rajasthan Royals squad for 2014 Indian Premier League. He has played for Central Zone cricket team.
References
External links
Indian cricketers
Living people
1991 births
Uttar Pradesh cricketers
Rajasthan Royals cricketers
Central Zone cricketers
Sportspeople from Kanpur
Gujarat Lions cricketers
Javier Ruiz De Larrinaga Ibañez (born 2 November 1979 in ) is a Spanish racing cyclist, who last rode for the MMR–Spiuk CX team.
Major results
Cyclo-cross
2007–2008
1st Cyclo-cross de Karrantza
1st Elorrioko Ziklokrosa Basqueland
2008–2009
1st National Championships
1st Cyclo-cross de Karrantza
1st Ciclocross de Medina de Pomar
2009–2010
1st National Championships
2010–2011
1st National Championships
1st Valladolid
2012–2013
3rd National Championships
2013–2014
1st National Championships
2nd Ziklokross Igorre
2014–2015
2nd Ziklokross Igorre
2015–2016
1st National Championships
2016–2017
1st Cyclo-cross de Karrantza
2017–2018
1st Trofeo San Andrés
3rd Ziklokross Igorre
2018–2019
1st Ziklokross Igorre
3rd National Championships
Road
2002
1st Stage 4 Vuelta a Navarra
2003
3rd Overall Vuelta a Cantabria
External links
1979 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
Sportspeople from Álava
Cyclists from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
George Gray is a Canadian shot putter who held the world record of from 1887 through 1902. He earned 188 first place medals and trophies through his career along with national titles in Canada, the United States, England, and Ireland.
Gray first competed in the shot put 1885.
On 24 May 1889 he is recorded as being recognized as the first Canadian athlete to set a world best in an athletics event with a shot put distance of 45' 2".(Note: 45' 1 3/4".).
He won the shot put title AAU (United States National) Championship 10 times: 1887-1894, 1896 and 1902, the record number of wins in that event.
He was, remarkably, to remain unbeaten throughout his career and held the world's best mark until early the next century (to 1902; 1904).
World Best Marks
There were no official world records until the formation of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) in 1912. However, world best marks before that are universally recognized.
Gary recorded 8 such world best marks:
13.38 m (43' 10 3/4") at New York on 22 September 1888.
13.76 m (45' 1 3/4") at Barrie on 24 May 1889.
14.07 m (46' 2") at New York on 20 September 1890.
14.11 m (46' 3 1/2") at Saint Catherine's on 10 August 1891.
14.12 m (46' 4") at New York on 12 September 1891.
14.22 m (46' 7 3/4")at New York on 19 September 1891.
14.32 m (47' 0") at Chicago on 18 September 1893.
14.75 m (48' 5") at Ottawa on 1 August 1898.
Later life
Gray was raised in Coldwater, Ontario, Canada.
He is reported as working as a manager in the Lumber industry.
He was also a candidate for post of Chief of the Toronto Fire Brigade, for which he was not successful.
Achievements
In 1973, Gray was inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame.
Gray is recognized as one of Canada's most important early athletes. The trophy he won at the 1887 World Fair is one of exhibits held by the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame.
References
1865 births
1933 deaths
Track and field athletes from Ontario
Canadian male shot putters
World record setters in athletics (track and field)
Kofi Baako (1926-1984) was a Ghanaian sportsman, teacher and politician. He served as Minister for Defence in the Nkrumah government during the First Republic of Ghana until it was overthrown in 1966. He was also as Minister for various other Ministries throughout the reign of the Convention People's Party.
Early life and education
Kofi Baako's father was a teacher. He made Kofi Baako start school when he was only three years old. On completion of his elementary school education at the Roman Catholic School in his native Saltpond, he continued with his secondary school education at St. Augustine's College, Cape Coast.
Work and politics
Baako became a teacher and later a civil servant. He was inspired by the speeches of Kwame Nkrumah advocating for independence for Ghana. This inspired him to write an article, "My Hatred of Imperialism" which resulted in him being fired from his job. He later met Nkrumah who made him editor-in-chief of the Cape Coast Daily Mail when he was still only twenty years old. Another article he subsequently wrote while with the Daily Mail was "We Call for Freedom." This got him imprisoned by the colonial government. Nkrumah and some other leaders of the Convention People's Party were jailed with him. Later when Nkrumah eventually won elections and formed a government, some of these men who were in prison with him became ministers in Nkrumah's government.
Kofi Baako was elected as Member of Parliament for Saltpond in the Central Region of Ghana. He was appointed a Minister of State by Kwame Nkrumah in his colonial government prior to independence. He continued in various capacities throughout the duration of the Nkrumah government. In the earlier years of the government, he was initially a Minister without portfolio prior to being appointed Minister for Information and Broadcasting in August 1957, making him the youngest minister not only in Ghana but in the whole of the British Commonwealth of Nations. He was appointed into office when he was only 29 years old.
Baako served as Minister for Defence between September 1961 and 24 February 1966.
Other activities
He was reputed to have been good in sport and was active in soccer, cricket and was the national table-tennis champion. His hobbies included reading and photography.
Family
Baako had four children. One of them, Kweku Baako Jnr is a journalist and editor of the New Crusading Guide newspaper.
See also
Nkrumah government
Convention People's Party
Kweku Baako Jnr
References
Ghanaian MPs 1954–1956
Ghanaian MPs 1956–1965
Ghanaian MPs 1965–1966
Defence ministers of Ghana
Education ministers of Ghana
Information ministers of Ghana
United Gold Coast Convention politicians
Convention People's Party (Ghana) politicians
Ghanaian journalists
Ghanaian sportspeople
1926 births
1984 deaths
St. Augustine's College (Cape Coast) alumni
Ghanaian independence activists
Rick Kamla (born July 19, 1969) is a television personality for NBA TV and CBS Sports. He was also the former midday co-host (10 a.m.-2 p.m.) with John Michaels on all-sports radio station 92.9 The Game in Atlanta.
Kamla has been a studio commentator for the NBA since January 2003. Currently, Kamla hosts Game Time on NBA TV. Kamla also contributes play-by-play to NBA, NBADL, WNBA, USA Basketball, Summer League and Euroleague games.
Early life
Kamla graduated from the University of Minnesota in 1992 with a degree in history and a minor in Speech-Communication. While attending the University of Minnesota, Kamla covered the Golden Gophers on the student-run radio station KUOM.
Professional career
In 1994, Kamla started his sports journalism career as a part-time writer for Fantasy Football Weekly, which was based in Minneapolis. By 1998, Kamla was the full-time senior editor for both Fantasy Football (American) and basketball on fanball.com.
Kamla was hired to host the fantasy show "Virtual GM" on NBA TV.
References
External links
Rick Kamla's bio from NBA-TV
University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts alumni
National Basketball Association broadcasters
NBA G League broadcasters
Women's National Basketball Association announcers
Living people
1969 births
McClain's Law is an American crime drama television series that aired on NBC during the 1981–1982 season. New episodes ended on March 20, and rebroadcasts continued until August 24, 1982.
Summary
The series starred former Gunsmoke lead James Arness in a rare non-western role as Jim McClain, a former police detective who was medically retired after being wounded in the leg in a gun battle in the line of duty. He returns to duty thirteen years later to avenge the murder and robbery of a friend, and ends up coming out of retirement in order to share his expertise with a younger generation of police officers.
At first, his request to be returned to active duty is met with resistance by police department supervisors. McClain is made to undergo physical fitness tests and a requalification and training program at the police academy. He handily passes all tests and is returned to active duty on the department at his former rank of detective. McClain is tough but compassionate. He is regarded by his colleagues as being an "Old School" cop. He carries a Smith & Wesson .44 caliber revolver when most of his fellow officers carry .38 Special caliber sidearms. His new coworkers come to respect McClain as a consummate professional of unyielding courage. McClain's Law, like several other series from this period, was criticized for its level of violence. The co-stars were Marshall Colt and George DiCenzo. Shaaron Claridge also played a dispatcher. This was Arness' final TV series; hereafter he primarily appeared in a series of made-for-TV movies reprising Gunsmoke.
Cast
James Arness as Detective Jim McClain
George DiCenzo as Lieutenant Edward DeNisco
Marshall Colt as Detective Harry Gates
Conchata Ferrell as Vangie Cruise
Carl Franklin as Detective Jerry Cross
Notable guest stars
Barbara Babcock
Bibi Besch
Scott Brady
Julie Carmen
Pat Corley
Richard Jaeckel
Arte Johnson
Henry Jones
Art Lund
Richard Lynch
Episodes
DVD release
On June 21, 2016, Warner Archive Collection released McClain's Law - The Complete Series on DVD in Region 1 for the very first time. This is a manufacture-on-demand (MOD) release, available exclusively through Warner's online store and Amazon.com.
References
External links
1981 American television series debuts
1982 American television series endings
1980s American crime drama television series
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
1980s American police procedural television series
Television series by MGM Television
Television shows set in Alabama
Seventeen TV is an online program which was broadcast periodically on Ustream. The program shows the South Korean K-pop boy group Seventeen before their official debut in the entertainment industry. In Seasons 4 and 5, it included concerts called "Like Seventeen".
Seasons
First season
The first official broadcast of TV Seventeen happened in January 2013 (however, in late 2012 they did a Christmas special). In the early part of this season, the names of the members who participated were not known, so they were called by nicknames according to something that they carried.
Second season
In the second season, the 11 members from the previous season continued, and 4 more were added: Seungcheol (S.Coups), Doyoon, Joshua, and Dongjin. This season, they began to prepare for the first Like Seventeen concert, and so were separated into teams that were differentiated by the color of the shirts they wore. Others took part in the performances, under the title of "Music Friends". They were fans chosen to partake in the concert.
Third season
Early in the third season, a new member, Jeonghan, joined. And after a while, Samuel left for undisclosed reasons. During this season, they participated in missions where the public voted for their favorite member via the official website, and the most voted would compose the "tracklist" for Like Seventeen 2.
Fourth season
This season continued with the same format as previously, i.e., missions and wishes for the formation of *Like Seventeen 3*. No member joined or left during the fourth season.
Fifth season
During the hiatus of Seventeen TV, Dongjin, Doyoon and Mingming all left the lineup (without stated reasons, but possibly a "secret trial" elimination); following this, new member The8 was introduced. Unlike other seasons, the fifth season started with a show, in order to display the evolution of the members' skills during the time gap. With only 7 episodes, two of them recorded shows, Seventeen officially closes the TV with a greater interaction with the fans, because for one hour of live they chatted with fans via Ustream's chat.
This season also had votes for the Like Seventeen 4, but was not based on missions, but only in the name of music.
Like Seventeen shows
References
External links
Seventeen (South Korean band)
2010s South Korean television series
South Korean reality television series
The Government Bunker (Regierungsbunker) in Germany, officially named Ausweichsitz der Verfassungsorgane des Bundes im Krisen- und Verteidigungsfall zur Wahrung von deren Funktionstüchtigkeit (AdVB), in English: "Emergency Seat of the Federal Constitutional Organs for the State of Crisis or State of Defence to Maintain their Ability to Function" was a massive underground complex built during the Cold War era to house the German government, parliament and enough federal personnel needed to keep the government working in the event of war or severe crisis. Located only about south of Bonn, Germany (the government seat of pre-unification West Germany), in the Ahr Valley between the towns of Ahrweiler and Dernau, it was one of the best kept secrets of West Germany. It was built between 1960 and 1972 inside two abandoned railway tunnels that were built as part of the Strategic Railway, maintained and kept in a working condition for about 30 years and decommissioned in 1997. A small part of the once-secret site is now open to the public as Government Bunker Documentation Site, while the vast majority is abandoned and sealed.
History
The bunker complex below the vineyards and forests along the river Ahr was built inside two disused railway tunnels of a former strategic railway line built in preparation of World War I but never entered into service. After the war, during years of recession, the German state railway company lost interest in the line which was of no economic value and finally abandoned it.
Between 1930 and 1939 the disused railway tunnels were used to farm mushrooms to gain independence from having to import French fungi. During the later phase of World War II several arms manufacturing companies occupied the tunnels and a huge concentration camp for forced labourers was erected outside the protective cover of the tunnels, which was also referred to under the code name Lager Rebstock (Camp Vine). Inside the tunnels was a construction facility for manufacturing ground equipment and mobile launch pads for the V-2 rocket. With increasing Allied air raids at the end of the war, the tunnels served as makeshift air-raid shelters.
Construction and interior design
In the days of cold war, when Germany was on the front line between NATO and the Warsaw Pact, it became apparent that a nuclear war fought on German soil was a very real possibility. Therefore, it was decided that some form of emergency seat was needed for the federal government, should Bonn become the target of an attack. After some deliberations the two tunnels were selected as the site for such an installation due to their proximity to Bonn and the rural surroundings which, unlike urban areas, would not attract air raids or missile attacks.
Construction of the bunker began in 1960 and lasted until 1972. The government bunker, also known by the neutral-sounding name Dienststelle Marienthal (Office Marienthal) was constructed inside the existing tunnels which had never been used for the purpose they had initially been built for. Additional tunnels of a total length of 17.3 km were driven and blasted into the soft slate mountains along the Ahr Valley to build an emergency seat for the federal government that would allow up 3,000 people to survive an attack for at least 30 days. At the time of construction the total length of all tunnels probably amounted to 19 km.
The facility was designed to withstand attacks with nuclear weapons and was fitted with autonomous supplies of electric power, fresh air and drinking water. Unlike other fortifications or military bunkers, however, there were no defence systems and it would have been protected by military units stationed nearby. The costs of construction were estimated at about DM 3 billion, although no precise figures are known due to the high level of secrecy.
The bunker built beneath 110m of slate rock consisted of two sections named Ost (East) and West which were separated by a valley and connected by a 60m deep passageway. The eastern section was partitioned again into two independent parts (Ost/West and Ost/Ost) and the western section into three parts (West/West, West/Mitte [Centre] and West/Ost), each with tunnels parallel to and crossing the main tunnels. All tunnels were concrete-lined and most had two floors, with several exits and emergency escape routes. The main portals were sealed by manoeuvrable steel and concrete gates built by MAN, each weighing 25 tonnes. The bunker housed 897 offices and 936 dormitories and had 25,000 doors in total. It even had an underground hairdresser's salon.
Huge gates and ventilation lids were installed that could seal off the bunker hermetically within seconds. Drinking water was drawn from two deep wells. Air filters, supplies, kitchens, medical units, dentist's surgeries, etc. would have allowed for survival without contact with the outside world for up to 30 days. In the event of a nuclear attack it would have been possible to continue governing and lead the West German Armed Forces from inside the bunker. In its final capacity the bunker would have accommodated up to 3,000 people of which all but the federal president and chancellor would have slept in multi-bed dormitories fitted with only very basic furniture.
In the event of a defence situation the bunker would have accommodated the federal president, the chancellor, the joint defense committee, the president of the constitutional court, various ministries as well as civilian and military personnel. Briefings would have been held in large conference and map rooms situated next to the chancellor's office. Part of the A61 motorway (Autobahn) near the village of Gelsdorf had been designed for use as a runway and would have been used as an airport for the bunker with spacious aircraft parking spaces at both ends disguised as roadside car parks.
Every two years exercises took place in the bunker as part of NATO Wintex whereby staff actually worked inside the hermetically sealed bunker for up to 30 days. Such exercises, for instance, involved the passing of bills by an emergency parliament of 22 members, including a mock chancellor and president. The bunker was used for the first time in October 1966 during the course of the NATO high command exercise Fallex 66, and for the last time in 1987. The Berlin Wall came down two years later.
About 180 staff working in three shifts were required for maintaining, repairing and operating the bunker. In 2008 it became publicly known that the shelter would have just about withstood the detonation of a 20 kiloton bomb, comparable to the destructive force of the Hiroshima bomb. Secret surveys conducted as early as 1962 had found that 250-times more powerful weapons were to be expected and it had been made clear that the bunker would collapse if ever hit by a nuclear bomb. Despite this known fact, however, construction was continued for political reasons.
Dismantling of the bunker
In 1997, following the decision to move the capital and government seat of re-unified Germany to Berlin, it was decided to abandon the bunker as no concept for civilian use could be found. Only few parts of the fire safety installations had been upgraded, which was a decisive criterion that deterred potential investors. The costs of continuous operation of DM 20 million (about EUR 10 million), however, could have been reduced in event of civil use as preparations for potential nuclear attacks would no longer have been required. It also would have been possible to use only one of the five independent sections. Over the following years the tunnels were cleared out, gutted and sealed, costing €16 million in total. In 2001 deconstruction was interrupted briefly due to considerations whether it might be sensible to have a bunker following the September 11 attacks. All that remains now are the gutted, concrete-lined tunnels. The access buildings above the Kloster Marienthal vineyard still exist, although the doors have been welded shut.
The Documentation Site
Only of the original bunker exist today near the town of Ahrweiler and have been converted into a museum of the Cold War. It was opened on 29 February 2008. The German government still owns this remaining part of the bunker and has invested €2.5million for its conversion into a museum. The investment was approved because the estimated costs of €30million for deconstruction were undercut considerably, costing only €16million in total.
The Dokumentationsstätte Regierungsbunker museum (Government Bunker Documentation Site) features a cinema, the entrance to former section 1 (Ost/Ost) and of tunnel more or less in its original condition. Visitors can see the two MAN gates as well as the air locks used to bypass them with the corresponding decontamination rooms, followed by several steel doors and several offices and dormitories. A partially authentically furnished medical unit is also on display. Original equipment from the bunker and guided tours help imagine what life in the bunker once was like. The museum ends with a view into the fully gutted tunnel.
References
Literature
Bundesamt für Bauwesen und Raumordnung/Stiftung Haus der Geschichte der Bundesrepublik Deutschland: Der Regierungsbunker. Ernst Wasmuth Verlag, Berlin/Tübingen 2007, .
External links
Official website
A website about the bunker by photographer Andreas Magdanz
The government bunker and its relevance during the cold war (in German)
Buildings and structures in Rhineland-Palatinate
Tunnels in Germany
Railway tunnels in Germany
Government of Germany
Eifel
Bonn
Cold War history of Germany
Museums in Rhineland-Palatinate
Cold War museums in Germany
Tunnels completed in 1972
Bunkers in Germany
Haynes Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Western in Oneida County, east of West Branch.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Guo Xinxin (born August 2, 1983) is a Chinese aerial skier who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics and the 2006 Winter Olympics. She competed for China at the 2010 Winter Olympics as well and won the bronze medal in the aerials event.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Chinese female freestyle skiers
Olympic bronze medalists for China
Olympic medalists in freestyle skiing
Olympic freestyle skiers of China
Freestyle skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Skiers from Shenyang
Scott Donald Pruett (born March 24, 1960) is a former American race car driver who has competed in NASCAR, CART, IMSA, Trans-Am and Grand-Am. He and his wife Judy have three children and are children's book authors.
Pruett started racing go karts at the age of 8 and went on to win 10 professional karting championships. In the 1980s, he established himself as a top American sports car racer, eventually winning two IMSA GTO championships and three Trans-Am Series championships.
In the 1990s, Pruett was a regular in the CART series. From 1988 to 1999, he made 145 starts with two wins, five poles and 15 podiums (top-three finishes). During pre-season testing in 1990, Pruett was involved in a serious crash at the West Palm Beach Fairgrounds temporary circuit in West Palm Beach, Florida, where he seriously injured both his legs. Pruett spent the 1990 season recovering and on certain occasions calling ESPN IndyCar telecasts as color commentator with Paul Page doing the play by play.
In 1994 he joined the reformed Pat Patrick team in CART series, testing Firestone tires. Later that same year, he won the Trans-Am Series championship. In 1995, he drove full time for Patrick racing using Firestone tires in Firestone's return to the CART series and won his first race in a thrilling last-lap duel with Al Unser Jr. at the Michigan 500. In 1997, he won his final CART series race at Surfers Paradise Australia (Nikon Indy 300).
Following his Champ Car career, Pruett raced the 2000 season in the NASCAR Winston Cup Series with PPI Motorsports, although with little success, achieving just one top-10 and finishing 37th in the points standings. He then moved back to sports-car racing and won his third Trans-Am Series championship in 2003. Since 2004, he has raced in the Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series for Chip Ganassi Racing. Pruett was a regular starter at NASCAR road course races and was often referred to as a Road Course Ringer. Pruett has won 11 American sports car championships, five in Grand-Am (2004, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012), to go along with previous championships in IMSA GTO (1986, 1988), Trans-Am Series (1987, 1994, 2003) and IMSA GT Endurance (1986).
Career
1980s
Pruett began racing in karts at the age of eight. In 1984, he moved to sedan racing. His first victory took place in 1986, when he won the IMSA GTO Championship, which he would again win in 1988. In 1987, Pruett won the SCCA Trans-Am championship. At the Indianapolis 500, he was the co-rookie of the year in 1989, recording his best finish in four starts in the race, 10th, driving for Truesports.
1990s
While driving for the Truesports racing team, on March 16, 1990, during pre-season testing for the 1990 season, Pruett suffered leg and back injuries in a crash at the West Palm Beach Fairgrounds temporary circuit.
Pruett won the opening round of the 1991 IROC series season at Daytona. In 1994, Pruett joined Patrick Racing as a test driver for Firestone tires. The same year, he also won the IMSA 24 Hours at Daytona, and also won a second Trans-Am Series championship.
For the next 4 years, Pruett continued driving Indy Cars for Patrick Racing and usually made the top ten in the series championship. In 1995 he was in contention for the Indy 500 until crashing late with 18 to go, although soon he won his first CART race at the Michigan 500 by beating Al Unser Jr. by .56 seconds. His best CART career championship finish was in 1998 finishing sixth in points with three podium finishes and one pole position.
In 1999, Pruett changed to Arciero-Wells and participated in the Toyota engine-program development. He also earned Toyota's first pole on an oval (California Speedway) and earned Toyota's best qualifying effort on a road course at the current time (third at the Australian Grand Prix).
2000s
In 2000, Pruett raced the No. 32 Tide-sponsored Ford for Cal Wells in the Winston Cup Series. Replaced by Ricky Craven after the season, he briefly retired from NASCAR, but returned in 2001 to win the 24 Hours of Le Mans LMGTS Class in a factory Chevrolet Corvette C5-R. The following year, he won the GTS class in the 24 Hours at Daytona and also joined Speed as a reporter. For them he covered the 2002 FedEx Championship Series as well as the Champ Car World Series in 2003. This year, Pruett also won the Trans-Am Championships in the Motorock Trans-Am Series for Rocketsports Racing.
In 2001, Scott Pruett made a number of NASCAR starts as a "road-course ringer," both in the Winston Cup Series and the Busch Series. For the Cup Series, he drove at Sonoma for Andy Petree and then at Watkins Glen for Chip Ganassi. For the Busch Series, Pruett drove one single race in place of Kevin Lepage at Watkins Glen in what Pruett felt was "likely his best chance to win, perhaps in his career." With Lepage's car, Pruett won the pole position and dominated early on before falling back to finish eighth. Fellow ringer Ron Fellows took the win.
In 2002, at Watkins Glen, Pruett replaced Jimmy Spencer in the No. 41 car for a one-race deal. Pruett started 19th and spent most of the race in the top 10. He finished sixth after getting an opportunity to steal a win from winner Tony Stewart. The next year in 2003 Pruett drove the No. 39 Ganassi car for Sonoma and Watkins Glen. At the Glen, Pruett finished second, his career-best finish. Pruett had almost pulled off the victory by taking advantage of cautions to climb through the field, leading 9 laps in the process. However, that was the year that Robby Gordon swept the road courses and, as a result, Pruett never mounted a significant challenge against Gordon for the win.
In 2004, Pruett was scheduled to run three races driving the No. 39 Target-sponsored Dodge for Chip Ganassi Racing and the No. 09 for James Finch. At Sonoma, Pruett spent all his time in the top ten, leading one lap and nearly winning, but finishing in 3rd spot behind his teammate Jamie McMurray. Pruett was the only road ringer to lead laps in that race. At Indianapolis, Pruett found his No. 09 Dodge losing an engine and his race finishing in an abrupt end. At Watkins Glen, Pruett did not qualify after qualifying was rained out. At Sonoma in 2005, Pruett ran some of the race in the top ten but crashed late in the race. At Watkins Glen later that year, Pruett originally didn't qualify the No. 39 car due to rain. However, he ran the 2005 Sirius at the Glen in the No. 40 Coors car for Ganassi after Sterling Marlin left the race to attend his father's funeral. Starting 43rd due to the driver change, Pruett charged through the field to finish 4th after briefly contending for the win.
In 2006, Pruett returned to the Busch series in the No. 1 car for James Finch. Pruett had a promising race at Watkins Glen during the Zippo 200, starting second and finishing 10th. He drove the No. 40 car for the road-course races in Cup as well. Pruett managed to take advantage of a last-lap crash to charge from 12th place to finish sixth during the final lap of the AMD at the Glen.
In 2007, he won the overall race and Daytona Prototype in the Rolex 24 at Daytona, with Juan Pablo Montoya and Salvador Durán in the No. 01 Telmex, Target, Lexus Riley for Chip Ganassi Racing. Later that same year he nearly won his first Nationwide Series victory at the Telcel-Motorola Mexico 200 at the Mexico City road course only to lose it in the closing laps when his Chip Ganassi teammate the aforementioned Juan Pablo Montoya spun him out and Montoya would win his first NASCAR race. Pruett would recover to a 5th-place finish, his best Nationwide finish at that time. After the race however Pruett was none too pleased with his teammate stating, "that was...nasty, dirty driving".
Later at Montreal in 2007, Pruett had a promising run and was in third spot on a restart with 3 laps left. In the first turn a hard-charging Kevin Harvick slammed into the back of Pruett who spun and collected Ron Fellows, Ron Hornaday Jr., Jeff Burton, Brad Coleman, and Scott Wimmer. Pruett recovered from the spin and was running 4th on the final lap but ran out of gas, finishing 14th after leading 9 laps. To add insult to injury, Harvick won the race.
The next week at Watkins Glen, Pruett was running 3rd with less than 30 laps to go and got a speeding penalty on pit road. After slipping to 33rd after the penalty, Pruett spent the rest of the race charging back towards the lead. Pruett was running 11th on the final lap but got spun out by fellow road racer Ron Fellows, throwing both of them into the final-turn gravel trap. Pruett recovered for an 18th-place finish while Fellows finished 24th.
The year 2008 was very successful for Pruett. He drove the No. 40 Fastenal-sponsored Dodge Charger for Chip Ganassi again in the NNS series sharing the ride with close friend Dario Franchitti who was trying out the NASCAR series. Pruett dominated the Mexico City Nationwide series event, but lost the lead with 8 laps to go during a battle with Kyle Busch. Pruett finished 3rd - his career-best finish in the Nationwide series. In qualifying the NAPA Auto Parts 200 at Montreal, Pruett claimed the pole. The 2008 NAPA 200 in Montreal is his last career start in the NASCAR Xfinity series.
He won the overall race and in the Daytona Prototype Class at the 2008 Porsche 250 at Barber Motorsports Park and also the Rolex Sports Car Series Daytona Prototype season championship. In the Daytona Prototype Class at the Mexico City 250 he made the second place overall. Moreover, Pruett won the closest finish in the history of Grand-Am at the time, beating Alex Gurney in the finish to the 2008 Brumos Porsche 250 held at Daytona International Speedway by 0.081 seconds, after 145 minutes of racing.
2010s
Pruett was racing for Chip Ganassi in the Grand-Am Series during the 2010 season. In July, Hendrick Motorsports chose him as a standby driver should Jeff Gordon have to miss Watkins Glen due to the birth of his son. Pruett, combined with Memo Rojas, won 9 of 12 races to win another Grand-Am Rolex Championship. The nine victories was a series record.
In 2011, Pruett won the 24 Hours of Daytona, his fourth overall victory in the event.
In 2012, Pruett was one of the commentators for Speed Channel's coverage of the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Pruett once again led Ganassi Racing to their 3rd Rolex Series Championship in-a-row with Co-driver Memo Rojas. The team put the No. 01 Telmex BMW Riley on the podium for 9 out of 14 races, top five for 10 out of 14 races with only 2 wins on the season, besting 2nd place Ryan Dalziel by 12 points. This year's results mark Ganassi's 4th title in 5 years, and Pruett's 5th Rolex title.
In 2013 Pruett opened on a strong note, winning the 51st Rolex 24 at Daytona with co-drivers Memo Rojas, Juan Pablo Montoya, and Charlie Kimball. 2013 marks his fifth win at the annual endurance race, tying the legendary Hurley Haywood for most victories in the grueling twice around the clock race. Despite some serious set-backs during the 2013 season, including accruing 0 points at Detroit, the Championship came down to the last race, with the 01 Ganassi Team taking the Team Title, but Jordan Taylor and Max Angelelli taking the Driver's Title under Wayne Taylor Racing/Velocity Worldwide, with Pruett and Rojas taking 2nd place in the Driver's Standings.
In 2014, Pruett competed in the Tudor United SportsCar Championship for a full season with longtime co-driver Memo Rojas in the Prototype Class.
In 2015 Joey Hand joined Pruett in the 01 for the full season. The team saw some very disappointing results early in the year due to the aging Riley chassis being outclassed by the Corvette Daytona Prototype. However, despite not having won a race until late in the season, the 01 had remained consistent enough to be in the championship battle by the last race of the season Petit Le Mans. By the end of the rain-shortened race only 8 points separated the top 4 teams with CGR taking the top spot.
Pruett departed CGR in 2016 and joined with Paul Gentilozzi, who fielded a Lexus RC F GT3 in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship. The team was not ready for competition until sometime after the 12 Hours of Sebring. He later announced that he would be driving for Action Express Racing part-time for the season.
On January 5, 2018, Pruett announced his retirement after 50 years in racing, following the 2018 Rolex 24 at Daytona.
Personal life
Pruett worked for several years as a commentator for Champ Car races on Speed Channel. He is well known for his trackside interviews, frequently interjecting the greeting "Hi to my family at home" mid-sentence when answering a question. On January 26, 2017, he was named to the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America.
Scott and his wife have also opened Pruett Vineyards in Northern California. In November 2012 their Lucky Lauren Red was given a score of 93 points from Wine Spectator.
In 2021, he returned to Chip Ganassi Racing as the strategist for IndyCar rookie and seven-time NASCAR Cup champion Jimmie Johnson.
Motorsports career results
12 Hours of Sebring results
American open-wheel racing results
(key)
CART
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Sprint Cup Series
Daytona 500
Nationwide Series
24 Hours of Le Mans results
Supercars Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete IMSA SportsCar Championship results
(key)(Races in bold indicate pole position, Results are overall/class)
References
External links
Living people
1960 births
Sportspeople from Roseville, California
Racing drivers from California
24 Hours of Daytona drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
Indianapolis 500 drivers
Indianapolis 500 Rookies of the Year
Rolex Sports Car Series drivers
Champ Car drivers
NASCAR drivers
International Race of Champions drivers
Trans-Am Series drivers
Supercars Championship drivers
WeatherTech SportsCar Championship drivers
International Kart Federation drivers
12 Hours of Sebring drivers
Chip Ganassi Racing drivers
Corvette Racing drivers
Action Express Racing drivers
Rocketsports Racing drivers
Jaguar Racing drivers
Meyer Shank Racing drivers
is a train station in Kushima, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by of JR Kyushu and is on the Nichinan Line.
Lines
The station is served by the Nichinan Line and is located 71.8 km from the starting point of the line at .
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track at grade in a residential area. There is no station building, only a simple modern shed which serves as a waiting room. A bike shed has been set up at the station forecourt. From there, a short flight of steps leads up to the waiting room and platform.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways (JGR) had opened the Shibushi Line from to Sueyoshi (now closed) in 1923. By 1925, the line had been extended eastwards to the east coast of Kyushu at . The line was then extended northwards in phases. The first major phase of expansion added 28.5 km of track and several stations, reaching Yowara, which opened as the new northern terminus on 15 April 1935. Hyūga-Kitakata was one of the intermediate stations which opened on the same day. On 8 May 1963, the route was designated the Nichinan Line. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR Kyushu.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2016, the station was used by an average of 12 passengers (boarding only) per day.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Hyūga-Kitakata (JR Kyushu)
Railway stations in Miyazaki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Nicotiana glauca is a species of flowering plant in the tobacco genus Nicotiana of the nightshade family Solanaceae. It is known by the common name tree tobacco. Its leaves are attached to the stalk by petioles (many other Nicotiana species have sessile leaves), and its leaves and stems are neither pubescent nor sticky like Nicotiana tabacum. It resembles Cestrum parqui but differs in the form of leaves and fusion of the outer floral parts. It grows to heights of more than two meters.
Tree tobacco is native to South America but it is now widespread as an introduced species on other continents. It is a common roadside weed in the southwestern United States, and an invasive plant species in California native plant habitats.
Description
Nicotiana glauca is a small tree or shrub with many branches that normally grows to over 2 m, but can reach as high as 7 m. Its leaves are thick and rubbery and can be up to 20 cm long. It has yellow tubular flowers about 5 cm long and 1 cm wide. The plant primarily reproduces by seed.
Ecology
Nicotiana glauca can pose a threat to native species by outcompeting them for resources and is classified as an invasive species in many parts of the world. In some management programmes, the beetle Malabris aculeata has been successfully deployed as a biological control agent. Every part of the plant is potentially poisonous to humans and livestock.
Distribution
It is originally native to South America (including Colombia, Argentina, Chile, Paraguay, Uruguay, Brazil, Venezuela, Bolivia, Peru, and Ecuador), but has been naturalized globally. It is found in Australia, warmer parts of Europe, temperate Asia, Canarian Archipelago, New Zealand, USA, Mexico, Hawaii, and Sub-Saharan Africa (including Kenya and Tanzania, where it is invasive, as well as Uganda).
It grows in a wide variety of open and disturbed habitats including lakeshores and roadsides, but is mainly a problem in relatively dry areas.
Names
The plant is commonly known in English as tree tobacco, mustard tree, tobacco bush, tobacco plant, tobacco tree, and wild tobacco. It is also known as blaugrüner Tabak ("blue-green tobacco") in German.
In Spanish and throughout Latin America, it is known by many names including: tabaco moro ("Moorish tobacco"), palancho, and palán palán.
Its botanical name, Nicotiana glauca, was given to it in 1828 by Robert Graham. The genus is named after Jean Nicot (c.1530-1600), a French ambassador to Portugal, who sent tobacco seeds and powdered leaves from Lisbon to France.
Phylogeny
There are around 76 species in the Nicotiana genus, the sole member of the Nicotianeae tribe. Phylogenetic research suggests the following species are closely related:
Uses
The plant is used for a variety of medicinal purposes and smoked by Native American groups. The Cahuilla people used leaves interchangeably with other tobacco species in hunting rituals and as a poultice to treat swellings, bruises, cuts, wounds, boils, sores, inflamed throat, and swollen glands. It contains the toxic alkaloid anabasine and ingestion of the leaves can be fatal. It is being investigated for use as a biofuel.
References
External links
glauca
Flora of southern South America
Flora of western South America
Tobacco
Medicinal plants of South America
Energy crops
Crops originating from Argentina
Crops originating from Brazil
Crops originating from Bolivia
Crops originating from Chile
Crops originating from Ecuador
Crops originating from Peru
Crops originating from Paraguay
Crops originating from Uruguay
Crops originating from the Americas
Taxa described in 1828
Taxa named by Robert Graham
This discography is an overview of the musical works of the German rapper Samy Deluxe, as well as his pseudonyms Samsemilia, Wickeda MC, The Big Baus of the Nauf and Mr. Sorge. He was the owner of the label "Deluxe Records" and is one of the most commercially successful German rapper with over one million records sold.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Mixtapes / EPs
Singles
Other singles
2001: Internetional Love
2001: Sell Out Samy
2009: Superheld
2011: Hände hoch
2011: Eines Tages
2012: Zukunft Vorbye
2013: Amnesie International
2013: Du & Ich
2013: Herz gebrochen (Scherben)
2013: Finderlohn
2013: Perlen vor die Säue
2014: Traum
2017: Allein in der Überzahl
References
Hamburg hip hop
Deluxe, Samy
The Vespidae are a large (nearly 5000 species), diverse, cosmopolitan family of wasps, including nearly all the known eusocial wasps (such as Polistes fuscatus, Vespa orientalis, and Vespula germanica) and many solitary wasps. Each social wasp colony includes a queen and a number of female workers with varying degrees of sterility relative to the queen. In temperate social species, colonies usually last only one year, dying at the onset of winter. New queens and males (drones) are produced towards the end of the summer, and after mating, the queens hibernate over winter in cracks or other sheltered locations. The nests of most species are constructed out of mud, but polistines and vespines use plant fibers, chewed to form a sort of paper (also true of some stenogastrines). Many species are pollen vectors contributing to the pollination of several plants, being potential or even effective pollinators, while others are notable predators of pest insect species.
The subfamilies Polistinae and Vespinae are composed solely of eusocial species, while the Eumeninae, Euparagiinae, Gayellinae, Masarinae and Zethinae are all solitary with the exception of a few communal and several subsocial species. The Stenogastrinae are facultatively eusocial, considering nests may have one or several adult females; in cases where the nest is shared by multiple females (typically, a mother and her daughters) there is reproductive division of labor and cooperative brood care.
In the Polistinae and Vespinae, rather than consuming prey directly, prey are premasticated and fed to the larvae, which in return, produce a clear liquid (with high amino acid content) for the adults to consume; the exact amino acid composition varies considerably among species, but it is considered to contribute substantially to adult nutrition.
Fossils are known since Aptian of the Early Cretaceous, with several described species from Cretaceous amber.
Gallery
References
External links
Evolutionary history of social behavior in Vespids
Stunning photographs of Vespidae (and other insects) in flight
Vespidae: Potter wasps; vespid wasps; social wasps; hornets; paper wasps; yellowjackets
Identification Atlas of the Vespidae of the northeastern Nearctic region
Apocrita families
The 154th Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Raised originally in 1842 as the 154th Tennessee Militia it sought to retain its number and was as such also known as 154th (Senior) Tennessee Infantry (1st Tennessee Volunteers). Consolidating with the 13th Tennessee Infantry Regiment in March 1863 it was known as 13th-154th Tennessee Infantry Regiment; and had a number of temporary field consolidations until it was finally merged into the 2nd Consolidated Tennessee Infantry on April 9, 1865. The regiment surrendered with the remnants of the Army of Tennessee at Bennett Place on April 26, 1865.
Organization & Service
The 154th Tennessee Regiment was a pre-war organization. Originally raised in Memphis, Tennessee in 1842, its companies were grouped into a battalion and assigned the Tennessee number 154. It retained the numerical designation when the old militia system was abandoned by Tennessee in 1859. The regiment became a social organization by taking out a charter of incorporation on March 22, 1860; under command of Col. William H. Carroll. Based at Memphis, Tennessee its members were largely from Shelby County.
1861
When war broke out a year later, the 154th was organized in Randolph, Shelby County on May 14, 1861. It sought to retain its old number 154 as it was known as the "Oldest of the Old". Of notion is a great portion of immigrant volunteers from Ireland and the German states. It received permission to add the appellation "Senior" to its regimental number to indicate it predated regiments with lower numbers; and was also named "1st Tennessee Volunteers".
The elected original field officers were Colonel Preston Smith, Lieutenant Colonel Marcus J. Wright and Major Jones Genette.
Company A (Light Guards) - Capt. James Genette - Shelby County (Major Genette was replaced by Capt. C. L. Powers)
Company B (Bluff City Grays) - Capt. James H. Edmondson - Shelby County (became an independent sharpshooter company in 1862)
Company B - Capt. H. E. DeGraffenried - Fayette County (organized on May 16, 1862)
Company C (Jackson Guards) - Capt. Michael Magevney Jr. - Shelby County
Company D (Memphis Zouaves / Harris Zouave Cadets) - Capt. Sterling Fowlkes - Shelby County
Company E (Hickory Rifles) - Capt. John D. Martin - Shelby County
Company F (Henry Guards) - Capt. Edward Fitzgerald - Henry County
Company G (Southern Guards) - Capt. James Hamilton - Shelby County (withdrew from regimental mustering and became "Company L, 1st Tennessee Heavy Artillery")
Company G (The Beauregards) - Capt. James S. Moreland - Shelby County
Company H (Crockett Rangers) - Capt. Marsh M. Patrick - Shelby County
Company I (McNairy Guards) - Capt. Alphonso Cross - McNairy County
Company K (Sons of Liberty) - Capt. Thomas H. Hancock - Hardeman County
Company L (Maynard Rifles) - Capt. E. A. Cole - Shelby County (organized on March 8, 1862)
The Steuben Artillery was attached to the regiment during its state service, but disbanded in August 1861.
On August 13, 1861, at New Madrid, Missouri, the regiment was mustered into Confederate service with 802 men under arms. On September 7 it was brigaded under command of Col. Benjamin F. Cheatham.
When Cheatham advanced to division command Preston Smith was given command of a small brigade including his own 154th as well as Blythe's Mississippi Regiment and Hudson's Battery. Participating in the Battle of Belmont on November 7 the regiment was under command of Lt. Col. Wright. The regiment was one of the few that crossed the Mississippi River (in the steamer Kentucky) in the attempt to cut the Union's line of retreat. The command was not able to inhibit the retreat; though i.a. the regiment captured some military equipment and a dozen prisoners. Wright reports the regiment's losses as one man killed and 12 wounded.
1862
In March 1862 the regiment received its new flag when Gen. P.G.T. Beauregard attempt to standardize the battle flags of the Army of Tennessee. It was made by sailmaker Henry Cassidy in New Orleans and made of light weight cotton fabric with 12 6-pointed silk stars. At Shiloh in April 1862 the brigade was under command of Brig. Gen. Bushrod R. Johnson and Smith commanded the regiment again. In the advance on April 6 the 154th was on the right of the brigade, the brigade and division being close to the center of the Confederate line. The division advanced against the Illinois division of Gen. McClernand. While the attack dislocated the enemy and led to the capture of numerous guns, the 154th alone taking four of the six guns of Dresser's Illinois battery, it didn't come without cost. Generals Cheatham and Johnson were both wounded, i.a. reinstating Preston Smith as brigade commander and Wright to command the regiment. Afterwards the brigade was ordered to advance to the right against elements of W.H.L. Wallace's division. During this time companies B and G were separated from the regiment, and were not able to join their unit until the day's fighting ended; instead gathering and escorting prisoners of the previous clash. While the regiment moved in close support of the advancing artillery the new Company L, armed with Maynard rifles, was detached to skirmish on the brigade's right, and stayed detached till the nightly hours of early April 7. When the rejoined regiment was ordered with the brigade to the Confederate line it was put under heavy fire from Gen. William "Bull" Nelson's newly arrived division; and together with a portion of another regiment (Blythe's) lost contact to the brigade. The regimental battle flag was lost 20 paces from the Union lines, several color bearers being shot on both days, but it was recaptured by Capt. George Mellersh. Now in the general move to the rear it fell in with Jones M. Withers's division and retreated in good order. Starting the battle with about 650 men present it lost 23 killed, 163 wounded and 11 missing.
Afterwards the 154th had a rapid succession of brigade assignments. In May it was reported in Donelson's brigade, in June in Fulton's and Russell's brigades; but finally, at Tupelo on July 8, it was given their final brigade assignment throughout the war - again in the brigade of Col. Preston Smith which was completed by the 12th, 13th and 47th Tennessee Infantry Regiments as well as Bankhead's Battery. Also part of Smith's brigade was Edmondson's Sharpshooter Company, which has been Company B of the 154th till now. Lt. Col. Wright, himself being wounded at Shiloh on April 6 and appointed military governor of Columbus, Kentucky, transferred from the regiment and served as Adjutant General to Gen. Cheatham. As the last Major, John D. Martin, raised and commanded the 25th Mississippi Infantry; the regiment was commanded by Major Edward Fitzgerald. Fitzgerald was made Colonel; but was killed on August 30 in the Battle of Richmond. His successor as regimental commander was Lt. Col., Irishman Michael Magevney. In December 1862 only 245 men were present for the Battle of Stones River, in which 41% were lost (14 killed, 84 wounded and 4 missing).
1863
The small regiment went into winter quarters at Shelbyville, Tennessee. Here it was consolidated with the equally-depleted 13th Tennessee Infantry Regiment and constituted the 13th-154th Tennessee Infantry Regiment with Col. Alfred J. Vaughan of the 13th in overall command; though the muster rolls were kept separated for the duration of the war. After the Tullahoma Campaign in mid 1863 Smith's brigade (still in Cheatham's Division of Polk's Corps) consisted of the 11th, 12th-47th, 13th-154th and 29th Tennessee regiments as well as a detachment of sharpshooters known as Dawson's Sharpshooter Battalion.
Later war
The 154th Tennessee Infantry surrendered with Gen. Joseph E. Johnston at Greensboro, North Carolina on May 2, 1865.
The 154th Tennessee Infantry was located in "the angle" at the battle of Kennesaw Mountain Georgia in June 1864. The angle turned out to be the main point of attack by Union General Sherman. The Union attack was repulsed while suffering a great number of casualties.
The 154th participated in the battle of Peachtree Creek ordered by the newly appointed commander of The Army of Tennessee General John Bell Hood on July 20, 1864. This battle was fought just outside of the city of Atlanta with the battlefield now well within the modern day city of Atlanta. The confederate attack had initial success taking ground and cannon from the Union forces there. The attack was not supported, however, and Union reinforcements eventually regained the lost ground.
Regimental Commanders
Other field officers
Lt. Col. John W. Dawson
Lt. Col. Marcus J. Wright
Maj. Jones Genette
Maj. John D. Martin
Maj. Marsh M. Patrick
Modern-day reenactment units
The Bluff City Grays - Co. B, 154th Sr. Regiment, 1st Tennessee Infantry is a Memphis-based Confederate living history association with reenactors from western Tennessee, northern Mississippi, eastern Arkansas and southern Missouri. The company's purpose is to create an authentic impression of the common Confederate foot soldier; in the garb, with the gear and persona of the troops of Co. B, 154th Senior Regiment, 1st Tennessee, CSA, circa 1861.
The 154th Senior Tennessee Infantry Company K inc was organized in the late 1970s in Northwest Indiana and Northern Illinois. Many of the 1970s original members are still participating with the 154th. The company has both Confederate and Union impression and several civilians and auxiliaries. It also has a "Soldier in the Classroom" program.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
Tennessee in the American Civil War
References
Notes
Sources
U.S. War Department; The War of the Rebellion : a compilation of the official records of the Union and Confederate armies.; Series I, Washington, D.C.; 1880-1898
National Park Service - Soldiers-and-Sailors Database
Tennessee and the Civil War
Chickamauga Blog
Civil War Reference
Irish in the American Civil War
James D. Julia, Inc. (auctioneer)
External links
Bluff City Grays - Modern-day reenacting group from Tennessee, Mississippi, Arkansas and Missouri
Company K inc - Modern-day reenacting group from Indiana and Illinois
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
1842 establishments in Tennessee
John Merrifield Hearman CMG (10 November 1910 – 20 February 1994) was an Australian politician who was a Liberal Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1950 to 1968, representing the seat of Blackwood. He served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 1959 to 1968, with only Sir James Lee-Steere having served in the position longer.
Early life
Hearman was born in Surrey, England, to Minnie (née Merrifield) and Walter Edgar Hearman. His family moved to Western Australia when he was three years old, settling in Donnybrook. His older sister, Joan Tully, became a prominent agricultural scientist. Attending Guildford Grammar School, Hearman was a talented rower in his youth, and represented Western Australia at the 1930 King's Cup (the Australian national championships).
In 1939, Hearman enlisted in the Australian Army, where he was initially attached to the 2/16th Battalion as a platoon commander and machine gunner. Hearman saw service in the Middle East, New Guinea, Borneo, and the Celebes, and was mentioned in dispatches during the Kokoda Campaign. He reaches the rank of major by the war's end, and was briefly attached to the British Indian Army in 1946, as an officer in the 80th Infantry Brigade. Hearman was discharged in March 1946, and returned to his dairy farm.
Politics and later life
A member of the Liberal Party from 1946, Hearman was elected to parliament at the 1950 state election, for the new seat of Blackwood. He was appointed deputy chairman of committees in 1957, and after the Liberals' victory at the 1959 election was elected to the speakership. Hearman was re-elected in Blackwood with a large majority in 1962, and unopposed in 1965. He remained speaker until the 1968 election, when he was unexpectedly defeated in his own seat (despite the return of the Liberal government for a third term). Ron Kitney of the Country Party was his only opponent, and polled 54.6 percent of the vote.
Hearman was the first sitting speaker since Timothy Quinlan in 1911 to be defeated at a general election. He served as speaker for just under nine years, with only Sir James Lee-Steere having served in the position longer. Hearman returned to his farm after leaving politics, and died in Donnybrook in February 1994, aged 83. He had married Millicent Jean Hardie in 1943, with whom he had two sons and two daughters.
See also
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
References
1910 births
1994 deaths
Australian Army officers
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Australian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Australian male rowers
English emigrants to Australia
Indian Army personnel of World War II
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
Speakers of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People educated at Guildford Grammar School
People from the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
20th-century Australian politicians
Home Tract, also known as Woodville, is a historic home located at Ivy, Albemarle County, Virginia. The main house consists of a 2½-story, hall-parlor-plan frame dwelling with a two-story brick addition. A frame rear ell was added to the brick section about 1920. The interiors feature late Georgian and Greek Revival-style detailing. Also on the property is "The Cottage," one-story frame building with a stucco exterior, a metal-sheathed gable roof, and a Victorian front porch; a meathouse, and wellhouse.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Georgian architecture in Virginia
Greek Revival houses in Virginia
Houses completed in 1840
Houses in Albemarle County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Albemarle County, Virginia
Phtheochroa cistobursa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Jalisco, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
Lincoln High School is a public secondary school located in Lincoln, Nebraska, United States. A part of the Lincoln Public Schools school district, it is the largest high school in the city. More than 40,000 students have graduated from Lincoln High in its 148-year history. The school colors are red and black, and the mascot is the Links. Its mascot is memorialized in a statue in the school's front lawn, with four individual links chained together. These represent the hopeful characteristics of Lincoln High School: tradition, diversity, excellence, and unity.
History
Lincoln High School was founded in 1871 and is the oldest of the six public high schools in the city of Lincoln. The present building was opened in 1915, with significant additions completed in 1927, 1957, 1985 and 1996. It is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and has the AA accreditation rating of the Nebraska State Board of Education. In 1984 it was named a Recognized School of Excellence by the U.S. Department of Education. Lincoln High School began its formal participation in the International Baccalaureate Program in 2008 after a formal application process. It is one of only three high schools in Nebraska involved in the program. The others are Millard North High School and Omaha Central High School, both located in Omaha.
In 2018, Lincoln High School was honored as a "School of Opportunity" by the National Education Policy Center, at the University of Colorado Boulder, for its commitment to multicultural educational support and academic rigor. It was one of only eight public schools awarded with this honor with "Gold" designation, which is the highest designation for this honor. According to Principal Mark Larson, "This recognition also speaks to the unique culture that has been in place at Lincoln High for many years and hopefully will continue for years to come."
While teaching at Lincoln High School, four Lincoln High faculty have been honored as Nebraska Teacher of the Year including John Heineman (2000), Patsy Koch Johns (2006), Amber Vlasnik (2017), and Sydney Jensen (2019).
After the Lincoln Public Schools administration building burned in 2011, the Lincoln High Library Media Center staff realized the importance of digitizing the archives of Lincoln High School. Over 100 years of the school newspaper, The Advocate, is available digitally.
Student body and academic programs
The student body is 46% White, 11% African-American, 10% Asian-American, 21% Hispanic/Latino, and 2% Native American, Native Hawaiian, or Alaska Native. 9% of students are of two or more races. LHS has approximately 330 students in ELL (English Language Learner) classes. Over 60% of its student body is in the Free or Reduced Price Lunch Program, and 17% are identified as either gifted or highly gifted. Over 30 different languages are spoken as first languages to students. The largest group speak Spanish (56), and the next four largest groups speak Arabic, Kurdish, Vietnamese, and Karen. Other languages spoken are Russian, Ukrainian, Nuer (Sudan), Bosnian, Pashtu, Dinka, Cambodian, Filipino, Chinese, and Burmese.
Lincoln High School offers hundreds of courses in twelve different departments to its over 2,000 students, operating on an eight-period day schedule. It has 150 certified staff members and 90 support staff members.
Athletics
Baseball
Lincoln High School's baseball program is headed by Coach Jon Beiermann, JV Tanner Soderberg, Reserve Cieran Riley, and 9th Joe Cortese. The baseball program won state championships in 1951, 1952, 1954, 1955, 1956 and 1963, and last had measurable success under coach Sam Sharpe from 1991-1992.
Wrestling
Lincoln High School's wrestling program is headed by Coach Andy Genrich. Lincoln High last won a state championship in 1992 and has had 29 individual state champions. In 2009, the program had success in qualifying three wrestlers for state, all by winning first place at the district meet.
State championships
Notable alumni
John Moore Allison – diplomat
Dick Cavett – entertainer and author
Sandy Dennis – Academy Award-winning actress
Mike Fultz – drafted 32nd overall in 1977 NFL Draft by New Orleans Saints
Dixie Kiefer – U.S. Navy commodore, served in both world wars
Bill Kinnamon – Major League Baseball umpire
Les Mann – MLB player for Boston Braves, Chicago Cubs, St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Reds, and New York Giants
Shirley Marsh – Nebraska state senator
Bernie Masterson – NFL player and winner of 1940 NFL Championship game with the Chicago Bears
Roger Nelson – former MLB player for the Chicago White Sox, Baltimore Orioles, Kansas City Royals, and Cincinnati Reds
Gil Savery – journalist
Ted Sorensen – special counsel to President John F. Kennedy
Charles Starkweather – serial killer, responsible for murders of 11 people in the 1950s
Larry Willmore – economist at United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs and IIASA, Schloss Laxenburg, Austria
Les Witte – two-time consensus All-American basketball player at Wyoming
Willard Witte – men's basketball head coach of 1933–34 Wyoming national championship team
References
External links
LHS homepage
LPS homepage
The Advocate - LHS newspaper
Public high schools in Nebraska
Schools in Lincoln, Nebraska
International Baccalaureate schools in Nebraska
Educational institutions established in 1871
1871 establishments in Nebraska
Senise is a town in the province of Potenza, Basilicata, southern Italy. It is near Monte Cotugno Lake, one of the largest artificial basins in Europe.
Twin towns
Busto Garolfo, Italy
References
External links
[www.comune.senise.pz.it Official website]
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Shuran (, also Romanized as Shūrān) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 643, in 149 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Marc Streitenfeld (born 1974) is a German composer of film scores. He has frequently collaborated with director Ridley Scott. Streitenfeld has composed the music for many high-profile Hollywood features as well as critically acclaimed independent films, including American Gangster, Body of Lies, The Grey, Prometheus, Poltergeist and All I See Is You.
Life and career
Born in Munich, Germany, Streitenfeld relocated to Los Angeles at age 19 and initially assisted film composer Hans Zimmer. Director Ridley Scott offered Streitenfeld his first composing job when he asked him to write the score for A Good Year (2006). Streitenfeld has written five film scores for Scott, including the BAFTA nominated score for American Gangster (2007), for which he won the "Discovery of the Year" Award at the World Soundtrack Awards, the sci-fi adventure Prometheus (2012) and the action adventure Robin Hood (2010). He has also been recognized for his work with three ASCAP Film and Television Music Awards and two International Film Music Critics Association award nominations. Streitenfeld has also worked with Marc Forster on All I See Is You (2017), Joe Carnahan on the action drama The Grey (2011), and Andrew Dominik the neo-noir crime film Killing Them Softly (2012).
Streitenfeld has recorded many of his scores at Abbey Road Studios, in London.
From 2007 to 2012, Streitenfeld was in a relationship with French-American actress Julie Delpy. In January 2009, the couple had a son, Leo.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
German emigrants to the United States
German film score composers
Male film score composers
German male composers
Living people
Musicians from Munich
1974 births
Pope Benedict XV () created 32 cardinals in five consistories over less than seven and a half years, with a three year gap during the worst fighting of the First World War. Nineteen of the 32 were Italian, twelve came from other European nations, and the lone non-European was Dennis Dougherty from the United States. They included Achille Ratti, his successor as Pope Pius XI and one name, that of the German Adolph Bertram, reserved in pectore for three years.
6 December 1915
With Europe at war, Pope Benedict created six cardinals at a consistory on 6 December 1915. Two were Italian archbishops; the others, three Italians and an Austrian, had served in the diplomatic corps of the Holy See. Four of the six received their cardinals' galeros and their titular church assignments on 9 December, while Frühwirth and Leguigno remained at the nunciatures in Munich and Vienna. The membership of the College of Cardinals after this consistory included 29 Italians and 32 non-Italians.
4 December 1916
Benedict held a consistory to create cardinals on 4 December 1916. No cardinals from Germany or Austria-Hungary attended. The ten new cardinals were all natives of and working in France and Italy, part of the opposing wartime alliance. He also said he was appointing two more in pectore. All ten, joined by the papal diplomat Andreas Frühwirth, a native of Austria who was made a cardinal a year earlier, attended the public consistory on 7 December where they received their red galeros and were assigned their titular churches. One cardinal created but unnamed was Adolph Bertram, whose German homeland was fighting against Italy and its allies. The other Benedict never identified.
Cardinal in pectore
15 December 1919
Benedict created six cardinals on 15 December 1919, three Italians, two Poles, and one Spaniard. All attended the public consistory three days later to receive their cardinals' galeros and be assigned their titular church or deaconry, except for Juan Soldevilla y Romero, Archbishop of Zaragoza. Adolf Bertram, created a cardinal in pectore in 1916, participated in this consistory as well. At the close of this consistory, the College of Cardinals had 63 members, 32 Italians and 31 non-Italians.
7 March 1921
Benedict added six prelates to the College as cardinal priests on 7 March 1921, two Germans, 2 Spaniards, an American, and an Italian. Three of them–Faulhaber, Dougherty, and Schulte–received their red galeros and titular church assignments on 10 March. The six names had been announced on 22 February.
13 June 1921
Benedict named three Italian cardinals at his last consistory, including Achille Ratti, who succeeded him as Pope Pius XI in February 1922. Three others made cardinals the previous March participated, having been first awarded their red hats by the King of Spain: Francesco Ragonesi, Papal Nuncio to Spain, and the Spanish bishops Juan Benlloch i Vivó and Francisco Vidal y Barraquer. On 16 June, Benedict gave them all their red galeros and the five cardinal priests received their titular church assignments and the one cardinal deacon, Laurenti, his deaconry. Italian newspapers reported that Benedict privately told the three new cardinals that "We gave you the red robe of a Cardinal.... very soon, however, one of you will wear the white robe".
Notes
References
Additional sources
External links
Benedict XV
College of Cardinals
20th-century Catholicism
Pope Benedict XV
Wategaon is a town in Sangli district, Maharashtra, India. Wategaon (pop. 4,255) is a village in walva taluka lying 16 km (ten miles) west of Islampur and 9.65 km (six miles) north-west of Peth. It was once an alienated village and was held by a Brahman Kemavisdar under the Kurundvad chief to whom it belonged, it has sprung up on either side of the Bhogavati Ganga, a stream, and has better roads and streets as compared to other villages of its size. It is connected with Islampur and Peth by a good made road. There are a few traders trading in raw sugar and tobacco and other agricultural produce. Vateganv has a primary school, a high school, two private dispensaries and a post office. Wells and the Bhogavati Ganga stream provide drinking water.
Objects
Laksmi Narayan Temple
In the western half, on the left bank of the stream there are two temples, one each dedicated to Laksmi Narayan and Vatesvar Mahadev. The original portions of the structures are of finely hewn stones and consist of an inner shrine or gabhara about 0.2 m2 (ten feet square) and dome roofed. The entrance is through an arch 0.914 metres (three feet) wide and 0.914 metres (three feet) thick. There is a 0.19 (three feet) wide cross passage and another similar door leading by one step into the outer hall, which is about 1.30 m2 (14 feet square) cut off by oblique canopy like arches. The roof is also dome shaped and about 9.14 metres (30 feet) high, all of large stone. Two more steps lead into another mandap with galleries of rough work and is used for delivering or reciting puranas. The idols of Laksmi and Narayan are on a curious stand consisting of five upright blocks or slabs of highly polished stone each one broader than and ranged behind the other, the broadest being behind. The cuter corners of each are decorated with a carved pendant shaped like a ram's head, The gabhara is crowned by a pyramid like pinnacle about 12.19 metres (40 ft.) high from the ground decorated with figures of gods and goddesses in relief, in cut stone instead of in brick. The four corners of the gabhara and the inner mandap have smaller pinnacles to march and there is also a central pinnacle to the inner mandap. Except for a fine masonry wall built on the side of a stream, to court has nothing very significant. A noteworthy feature of the temple is the use of stone throughout, even for the internal domes and pinnacles. The effect internally is striking and the situation on the stream most picturesque. The original structure of the temple is said to have been built by one Ragho-pant Josi who was a native of Vateganv and who served as minister or karbhari to one of the subordinate chiefs of the Nimbalkar family in the time of Nana Fadanavis (1764–1800).
Vatesvar Temple
The Vatesvar temple is an insignificant edifice of rough trap and mortar, but has a strictly pyramidal pinnacle about 12.19 metres (40 feet) high. The courtyard is approximately 9.29 m2 (100 square feet) surrounded by ruined cloisters. The walls are of masonry about 4.21 metres (4 ft.) thick, of roughly cut rectangular blocks of trap each corner flanked with a small bastion. The wall on the southern side is now in bad repairs. A winding pavement with steps here and there leads to the entrance which is through an archway. The temple is beautifully situated at a sudden bend in the stream and behind it is a magnificent grove of tamarind trees. Though the name of the builder remains anonymous to date the temple is reported to be very antique.
Social reformer and writer Annabhau Sathe (Devanagari: अण्णाभाऊ साठे) was born in this village in 1920.
References
External links
http://www.maharashtra.gov.in/english/gazetteer/SANGLI/places_Vategaon.html
Cities and towns in Sangli district
Tre-Ysgawen is a hamlet in the community of Llanddyfnan, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 135 miles (217.3 km) from Cardiff and 216.2 miles (347.9 km) from London.
The name comes from the Welsh language: "Tre" meaning "homestead" and "ysgawen": "the elder tree".
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Footprints on the Moon (, "The Footprints"), also released as Primal Impulse, is a 1975 Italian mystery thriller film starring Florinda Bolkan and Klaus Kinski. It concerns a woman trying to piece together what she did during the several days she had a memory blackout.
Plot
Alice Cespi, living alone in Rome and employed as an interpreter, wakes up to find she has lost several days. Tormented by a recurrent nightmare from a film she saw when young called "Footprints on the Moon", in which an astronaut is left to die on the Moon by an evil mission controller. She has become reliant on tranquilisers. Going in to work, she is fired for being absent without explanation.
Back in her apartment she finds a postcard showing a faded old hotel at a place called Garma. She finds a bloodstained yellow dress she has never seen before hanging up in her closet, and notices that she has lost an earring. She decides to go to Garma, a Turkish island, and books into the mostly empty hotel. People there say they saw her a few days ago, but she had long red hair. In a shop she sees an identical yellow dress to the one she found. A dog in the woods is playing with a long red wig. She begins to suspect that the missing days in her life may indeed have been on Garma.
In a panic in the woods, she falls unconscious and a man called Henry carries her to an empty villa. When she comes to, she recognises the distinctive stained glass windows showing peacocks. On the bathroom floor she finds her missing earring. In her jumbled memories, Harry was a lover who left her, just as the astronaut was left, and in revenge she stabbed him with scissors (hence the bloodstains on the yellow dress).
She hears Harry talking on the telephone and, suspicious that he is arranging to have her taken away, kills him with a pair of scissors. Pursued along the beach by the psychiatric nurses he had called, she sees them as astronauts sent by the evil controller. An end title says she is in a secure hospital.
Cast
Florinda Bolkan as Alice Cespi
Peter McEnery as Henry
Lila Kedrova as Mrs Heim
Nicoletta Elmi as Paula Burton
Klaus Kinski as Blackmann
Caterina Boratto as Boutique owner
Evelyn Stewart as Mary
Esmeralda Ruspoli
John Karlsen as Alfred Lowenthal
Rosita Torosh as Marie Leblanche
Production
The film's script was allegedly based on Las Huellas by Italian-Argentinian writer Mario Fenelli. He was close friends with Manuel Puig with the two writing scripts together while Puig encouraged Fenelli to become a fiction writer instead of a film-maker. The film was shot in nine weeks between Rome and Turkey starting on 29 April 1974. Florinda Bolkan spoke on her performance in the film stating that she was immersed into it psychologically and physically stating she lost eleven pounds while working on it. the film was director Luigi Bazzoni's final film.
Release
Footprints on the Moon was distributed by Cineriz in Italy as Le orme on 1 February 1975. The film grossed a total of 202,505,676 Italian lire domestically.
Reception
On its initial release, critic Giovanni Grazzini wrote that "following Dario Argento's exploits, Italian cinema can count on another director who knows how to make a thriller...The movie nails you to the chair, keeps you awake, sows in doubt and curiosity, and eventually does not make you regret the time and money spent."
Francesco Barilli saw the film in 2011 and referred to it as an "intriguing, elegant, suggestive film, very courageous and peculiar, very well shot and with a beautiful photography by Vittorio Storaro"
References
Footnotes
Sources
External links
1975 films
Italian mystery thriller films
1970s Italian-language films
Films directed by Luigi Bazzoni
Films scored by Nicola Piovani
1970s Italian films
Westcott William Kingdon (July 4, 1900 – April 19, 1975) was an infielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Washington Senators in 1932.
References
External links
1900 births
1975 deaths
Major League Baseball infielders
Washington Senators (1901–1960) players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Newark Bears (IL) players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Baseball players from Los Angeles
Bob Renney (born 18 March 1975) is an Australian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Australia
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Australian male sport wrestlers
Ernst Kuzorra (16 October 1905 – 1 January 1990) was a German footballer of the pre-war era. During his entire career, he played for Schalke 04, whom he led to six national championships and one national cup. He is commonly regarded as the greatest Schalke player of all time alongside Fritz Szepan. A highly athletic, technical and prolific forward, Kuzorra is also commonly regarded as one of the greatest German forwards.
Life
Ernst Kuzorra was born as the son of Karl Kuzorra from East Prussia and his wife Bertha in the industrial town of Gelsenkirchen where his father worked as a coal miner. Ernst joined the club in 1920 at the age of 14, allegedly playing his first match in his confirmation shoes after being asked to join the team while watching from the sidelines. Three years later, he advanced to the first team, where he soon became one of the starting players. He was part of Germany's team at the 1928 Summer Olympics, but he did not play in any matches. During the years 1930–31, he and thirteen teammates were banned for a relatively minor infraction of the strict amateur statutes, having received ten instead of the allowed five Reichsmark as compensation for playing in an away game.
In the following years, Kuzorra along with his brother-in-law Fritz Szepan led Schalke to become the dominant team in German soccer, winning six national championships from 1934 to 1942. He was one of the main axes of what became known as the Schalker Kreisel, a system that used quick, short passes to confuse and overwhelm the opponent.
Even though he may have been the best German player on his position at the time, he only had 12 appearances for the national team, a fact that is widely attributed to bad relations with national coach Otto Nerz. Nevertheless, because of his success and his athletic prowess, national socialist propaganda soon took an interest in him. Great efforts were made to show that Kuzorra, despite his Slavic sounding name and mixed origin, was in fact of purely Germanic stock. The success of these efforts was limited, however, as Kuzorra remained politically uninterested and due to his taciturn character a poor instrument for public campaigns.
After the war, Kuzorra remained playing for a few years, mainly for material reasons - at the time, soccer players were often reimbursed in otherwise scarce foodstuff. In 1950 he retired, and from then on earned his livelihood as proprietor of a tobacco and lottery store. Over time, he became a living legend, especially among the supporters of Schalke 04. In 1985, he finally received the honorary citizenship of his home town, Gelsenkirchen. Ernst Kuzorra died on New Year's Day in 1990 at the age of 84. Including official games, friendlies and youth games, he reportedly scored over 1000 goals for Schalke.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Schalke 04
German Championship: 1934, 1935, 1937, 1939, 1940, 1942
German Cup: 1937
References
External links
Article about early history of Schalke 04
1905 births
1990 deaths
German footballers
Association football forwards
Germany international footballers
Olympic footballers of Germany
Footballers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Gelsenkirchen
People from the Province of Westphalia
FC Schalke 04 players
German football managers
Borussia Dortmund managers
FC Schalke 04 managers
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Risoba hiemischi is a species of moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in Sumatra.
References
Kobes,2006. Risobinae of Sumatra (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae, Risobinae). Heterocera Sumatrana Vol.12, fasc. 6
Nolidae
Moths of Sumatra
Moths described in 2006
Decollatura is a comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
It was the birthplace of the Italian poet Michele Pane (1876–1953).
Twin cities
Danbury, United States
Sources
Imperio Assisi et al., Decollatura e Motta S. Lucia: due comunità del Reventino, Decollatura: Grafica Reventino, 1980.
Pietro Bonacci: Decollatura, vicende sociali e religiose dal Seicento all'Ottocento, Decollatura: Grafica Reventino, 1982.
Mario Gallo: Decollatura nella Storia, Decollatura: Grafica Reventino, 1982.
Cities and towns in Calabria
Lenin in 1918 (, Lenin v 1918 godu) is a Soviet biographical drama film released in 1939. It gives the background of the Russian Civil War after the October Revolution.
The film was directed by Mikhail Romm with E. Aron and I. Simkov as co-directors. The script was written by Aleksei Kapler together with Taisiya Zlatogorova.
Cast
Boris Shchukin as Vladimir Lenin
Mikheil Gelovani as Joseph Stalin (removed from cut version)
Nikolay Bogolyubov as Kliment Voroshilov
Nikolay Cherkasov as Maxim Gorky
Vasily Markov as Felix Dzerzhinsky
Leonid Lyubashevsky as Yakov Sverdlov
Zoya Dobina as Nadezhda Krupskaya
Nikolay Okhlopkov as comrade Vasily, Lenin's assistant and bodyguard
Klavdiya Korobova as Natalya, Vasily's wife
Vasili Vanin as Kremlin commandant Matveyev
Yelena Muzil as Yevdokiya Ivanovna, Lenin's housekeeper
Iosif Tolchanov as Andrei Fyodorovich, physician
Aleksandr Khokhlov as professor
Dmitry Orlov as Stepan Ivanovich Korobov, old St. Petersburg proletarian
Serafim Kozminsky as Bobylyov, Lenin's assistant
Nikolai Plotnikov as kulak from Tambov Governorate
Nikolai Svobodin as Valerian Rutkovsky, socialist revolutionary
Viktor Tretyakov as Ivan Grigoryevich Novikov, socialist revolutionary
Natalya Yefron as Fanny Kaplan
Aleksandr Shatov as Konstantinov, counter-revolutionary conspiracy organizer
Vladimir Solovyov as Sintsov, chekist-traitor
Sergei Antimonov as Polyakov (uncredited)
Viktor Kulakov as Nikolai Bukharin (uncut version, uncredited)
Rostislav Plyatt as military expert (uncut version, uncredited)
Georgy Bogatov as Vyacheslav Molotov (uncredited)
Anatoli Papanov as episode (uncredited)
Production
The shooting started on August 10, 1938 and lasted for eighty-seven days. Shchukin never saw Lenin in real life, but he did intense research, immersing himself in everything related to him. During the production of Lenin in 1918, Boris Shchukin constantly suffered from ill health. Exactly six months after his appearance in the film and while a sequel was being developed Shchukin died.
References
External links
1939 drama films
1939 films
1930s biographical drama films
1930s Russian-language films
Russian Civil War films
Biographical films about Vladimir Lenin
Cultural depictions of Joseph Stalin
Films directed by Mikhail Romm
Films set in 1918
Mosfilm films
Russian biographical drama films
Russian black-and-white films
Soviet biographical drama films
Soviet black-and-white films
Superimposition is the placement of one thing over another, typically so that both are still evident.
Superimposition or superimposed may also refer to:
Adhyasa, a Sanskrit term for the superimposition or false attribution of properties of one thing on another thing
Superimposition (album), an album by American pianist Eddie Palmieri
Superimposed (band), an indie metal band
See also
Superimposed code
Superposition (disambiguation)
Jody Jaress is an American actress, director, writer and jazz and blues singer in the Los Angeles, California area. She began studying acting, singing, and dancing in the mid 1950s.
Background
Jaress was born in Ottawa, Illinois, and is the eldest daughter of realtor, John William "Bill" Schafer (1923–2017) from Marion, Illinois and Freda Ellen Jones Schafer (1921–2005), formerly of Johnston City, Illinois who was a member of the Business and Professional Women's Association in Southern California. Jaress has two children, a son, JC Jaress (married to Anastasia King Jaress), and a daughter, Michele Lea Jaress (1967-1998). She divorced Michael F. Jaress, the father of her two children, in 1975.
Early Days In Acting
Jaress began her entertainment career at a very young age (1950s) in Michigan and has made appearances on stage, film, television and radio. Early in her acting endeavors, she received acclaim at the Will-O-Way Apprentice Theatre (Michigan) for her Command Performance as Kate in "Taming of the Shrew" requested by Sir Basil Rathbone, (the original Sherlock Holmes (1939-1944). Jaress sang, danced, and recited verse as a guest on local television (After Hours) WXYZ-TV, Bill Kennedy's Showtime, The Auntie Dee Show, CKLW-TV and several radio stations in Detroit and Canada (1955–1960).
Divorce Court (1957) was an early reenactment television series filmed in Michigan, where Jaress played the very young child of an estranged couple. In the early 1960s Jaress joined the American Guild of Variety Artists as a singer/dancer and by 1970, she had been accepted into the Screen Actors Guild. By 1979, Jaress had many legitimate stage performances in her repertoire like, Peter Pan, Stage Door, Of Mice And Men, then performing as a roller skater, she began her film career in Skatetown, USA, starring Patrick Swayze in his feature film debut. Also in 1979, she had a small role as a dancer in the film Love at First Bite starring George Hamilton. Shot in Los Angeles. Her first adult acting credit was in a feature film (also in 1979) as Rhea, directed and written by Richard Gardner, called The Hunting Season which began as The Bigot and then re-released as a limited edition on DVD/Blu-ray in 1987 by Troma Entertainment and Vinegar Syndrome as Deadly Daphne's Revenge with James Avery from the television series, The Fresh Prince of Bel-air playing a small role as a detective. In the new DVD/Blu-ray release, there is an additional perk called Answering the Call where Jaress gives an interview about director/writer Gardner and the filming of The Hunting Season. Crisis Counselor (1982), was a reality based reenactment television series which starred Jaress as Julie in the episode: Breast Cancer. Gaining career momentum, Jaress appeared as Jane in director/writer Joseph Merhi's feature film, Fresh Kill with Robert Z'Dar. Jaress did some work as a stand-in for Karen Black in the remake of Invaders from Mars (1986), and the same stand-in work for all the lead actresses who guest starred on Michael Nesmith's late night music video television series titled "Television Parts" CBS.
Acting Through Millennium
Starting in 2001, Independent short films became popular as well as Ms Jaress who starred in many over several years. In 2005, she appeared in the David Gaz directed feature film Diamond Zero that starred Tippi Hedren and Bronson Pinchot . Continuing in 2005, she starred in The Guest written and directed by (as Julia Inez Gandelsonas) Julia A.G. Storm. In 2008, she garnered top five credit listing, playing Rhea in the award-winning feature film, Chain Link, directed and written by Dylan Reynolds. Also that same year she co-starred as Ruby in the TV series, Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles in Self Made Man Season II, episode 11.
In 2014, she was given top five billing as Agnes in the Stanley Yung directed horror film, 2 Bedroom 1 Bath that starred Andrew W. Walker, Michele Hicks, Eric Roberts and Dee Wallace. Also in the same year, she appeared in the Diane Cornell directed short See Me which also starred Tina Cole.
In 2015 she starred in the Dawn Fields directed Fragile Storm, an award-winning short film that also starred Lance Henriksen and Mackenzie Mason. A short film titled, Duke (2016) Jaress stars alongside of actress, Spice Williams-Crosby, directed by Anthony De Longis (actor, stunt master, director/writer) and co-written and produced by Gregory Crosby producer, Hacksaw Ridge directed by Mel Gibson 2016.
Other Work In Film
She directed and wrote the psychological screenplay, Traces of Memory, a short film that won eight awards from eleven film festivals Maray Ayres and Sara Ballantine, were the lead actors, with Daniela Torchia in a featured role with Jody appearing in a cameo. It was produced by Hal Alpert, Rick Honstrater and co-produced by Robert Amico It was Jaress's directorial film debut garnering her honors as a new director.
Music
Jaress is a singer in the blues and jazz genres. She has opened for artists that include Louis Armstrong, Harry Belafonte, Dinah Shore, and Janet Blair. She has also shared dual billing with multi-Grammy winner, Bili Redd Thedford.
For her years of performing and contribution to the jazz and blues community, on April 30, 2015, Jaress was named as a "Jazz and Blues Living Legend" and Inducted into the foundation by the Duke Ellington Society of L.A., the Living Legend Foundation, JaZzabration, NAACP Beverly Hills and Hollywood, and by the City of Los Angeles as an official event to celebrate "International Jazz Day" created by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization UNESCO), and held annually since 2011, around the globe in more than 196 countries to date. For four years she performed a monthly gig with her friend and smooth jazz/pop singer, Linda A. as "Just Us... Jody & Linda" and musical friends.
Discography
Whisper Low (2015)
Hearts On Fire (2007)
References
External links
Website
Living people
20th-century American actresses
21st-century American actresses
American film actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
American voice actresses
American women pop singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century American women singers
21st-century American women singers
20th-century American singers
21st-century American singers
Sacred Heart Parish () - designated for Polish immigrants in New Britain, Connecticut, United States.
Founded on August 10, 1894. It is one of the oldest Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
History
On August 10, 1894, the New Britain Polish Catholic community became a mission of the Archdiocese's oldest Polish Catholic parish, St. Stanislaus Parish, Meriden. The mission phase ended on September 10, 1895, when Fr. Lucyan Bójnowski was appointed pastor in New Britain. Initially, the Polish-born priest's new parish was named St. Casimir the King, but this name was officially changed in 1896 to honor the Sacred Heart. The original Sacred Heart Church, located on Orange St., was dedicated by Bishop Michael Tierney on October 4, 1896.
A new much larger church was designed by architect George P. B. Alderman of Holyoke, MA shortly after the construction of the first church.
Bibliography
Dolores Liptak, review of Daniel S. Buczek, People of God: A Centennial History of Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish, New Britain, Connecticut (1998), in Catholic Historical Review 85:2 (1999), pp. 324–325.
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Sacred Heart - Diocesan information
Sacred Heart - ParishesOnline.com
Archdiocese of Hartford
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in New Britain, Connecticut
Churches in Hartford County, Connecticut
Polish Cathedral style architecture
Mater Dolorosa Parish was a Roman Catholic parish designated for Polish immigrants in Holyoke, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded 1896. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. The architect for this church was George P. B. Alderman of Holyoke, MA. According to the May 15, 2011 parish bulletin, the final mass was said on Sunday, June 26, 2011. "MD's" (as parishioners call it colloquially) merged with Holy Cross to form the new Our Lady of the Cross Parish.
Closure and demolition
The case of Mater Dolorosa Church is among the most egregious mismanagements of parish property by the Diocese of Springfield. Mater Dolorosa, one of the most beautiful churches in the diocese, was closed by Bishop Timothy McDonnell in 2011, as part of his "pastoral planning" (church closure) initiative. Though numerous attempts were made by parishioners to keep the parish open, their requests were repeatedly ignored by the Diocese, who had their own plans. The Diocese was set on closing the church and its victory over parishioners culminated in demolition of the 122-year-old church in 2018.
Among concerns cited by the diocese for the closure of the parish was reported concern that the steeple "could collapse at any time", noted by engineers that been hired by the church. In 2011 a number of former parish members, known as the Friends of Mater Dolorosa, organized a sit-in, and were taken to court by the diocese in an attempt to order them removed. Reviewing an engineering report provided by the protesters and those by the diocese, a Hampden Superior Court judge ruled "based on the evidence before me, I cannot conclude that condition of the steeple presents an emergency such that immediate court intervention is necessary".
An appeal was subsequently made to the Vatican to re-open the Parish. There was also on-going discussion of designating the area a historical district (Polish American), which would require that the building be maintained.
Briefly the diocese struck a deal with the city's Mayor Alex Morse, to purchase the building for $50,000 to be used for a transition program for school children with special needs. The diocese however would maintain ownership of parking as well as the stained glass, paintings, and any regalia in the former sanctuary, stating it was against church law to sell sacred objects, and only allowed use of the church's parking, not being sold, on a case-by-case basis pending approval of the building's use. Citing the month deadline given and an absence of negotiations allowed by the diocese, the city council unanimously rejected the purchase on June 28, 2018.
On December 11, 2018, immediately with the issuance of a demolition permit to the Diocese, the parish building was razed; although its stained glass was removed and sold at that time, the ornate painted panelling adorning its halls was not salvaged. Despite previous statements by a diocesan spokesman that it was against "universal church law" to sell sacred objects to non-church entities when negotiating with the city, on December 21, 2018, the Mater Dolorosa Preservation group reported finding the church's former stained glass for sale in a salvage shop in Minnesota.
School
The former parish continues to operate a private school, Mater Dolorosa Catholic School (Grades PK-8).
Discography
Several recordings of the Mater Dolorosa Church Choir were made by Rex Records, including but not limited to-
Christmas, (1970) m.d. Records
80 Voices of Poland, Songs of Heritage, ()
Echoes Of A Polish Christmas, (1992)
Ulubione Polskie Piosenki, "Favorite Polish Songs", (unknown)
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
References
External links
Mater Dolorosa - Diocesan information
Mater Dolorosa - ParishesOnline.com
Mater Dolorosa - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Holyoke, Massachusetts
Churches in Hampden County, Massachusetts
Former Roman Catholic church buildings in Massachusetts
Kamarusak or Kam Arusak () may refer to:
Kamarusak-e Bala
Kamarusak-e Pain
Carlo Semenza (Milan, 9 Jul 1893 – Venice, 30 Oct 1961) was an Italian hydraulic engineer and mountaineer, considered one of the most experienced designers and manufacturers of dams in the era.
He was the designer of 15 major dams, amongst them the Vajont Dam, the highest dam in the world until the early 1960s. In 1963, a major landslide led to a tidal wave of more than instead of the calculated maximum height of of water, overtopping the dam while the lake water level was lowered only by and led to the destruction of the town Longarone and damage to other villages, resulting in around 2,000 deaths. The dam, however, withstood this tsunami virtually undamaged and held the rest of the threatening mudslide back. Semenza was subsequently posthumously exonerated by the court of L'Aquila from responsibility in causing the catastrophe.
Biography
Semenza was present at the inauguration of the Vajont Dam, which was to be his last work before retirement. On the morning of Sunday 29 October 1961, he suffered a cerebral hemorrhage in his home, shortly after returning from mass in Lido di Venezia, and died the following morning. He was buried in Venice.
At SADE his role was filled by the engineer Alberico Biadene, his deputy.
In respect of the Vajont Dam disaster, the court of L'Aquila exonerated him posthumously.
Works
His works are listed below in chronological order:
Large dams
Earth dam for the expansion of Lake Santa Croce (1938);
Sottosella Dam, on the Isonzo, former Yugoslavia (1940);
Ghirlo Dam, on the Cordevole (1940);
Dam of Sauris, on Lumiei (1947);
Bau Mandara Dam, on the Flumendosa (1949);
Dam of Pieve di Cadore, on the Piave (1949);
Dam of Val Gallina, on the homonymous torrent (1951);
Dam of Valle di Cadore, on the Boîte (1952);
Barcis Dam, on the Cellina (1954);
Dam de La Stua, on the Caorame stream (1954);
Pian di Fedaia Dam, on the Avisio (1956);
Dam of Pontesei, on the Maè (1956);
Ambiesta Dam, on the homonymous stream (1960);
Vajont Dam, on the homonymous stream (1960);
Vodo di Cadore Dam, on the Boîte (1960);
Dam of the Mis, on the homonymous stream (1960).
Hydroelectric power stations
Doblari
Agordo
Plava
La Stanga
Ampezzo
Carnico (central Giuseppe Volpi)
Soverzene (central Achille Gaggia)
Barcis
Malga Ciapela
Somplago
Gardona
Colomber
Intake works and channels
Taken on the Piave in Soverzene
"Cellina" channel from Piave, Lake Santa Croce
Negrisiola-Carron Canal
Friga siphon
Derivation of the Novarza
References
1893 births
1961 deaths
20th-century Italian engineers
University of Padua alumni
Engineers from Milan
See No Evil is a collection of works of public art by multiple graffiti artists, located around Nelson Street in Bristol, UK. The artwork was first created in an event in August 2011 that was Europe's largest street art festival at the time. It culminated with a block party. The street was mostly repainted in a repeat event in 2012. The artworks comprise murals of various sizes, in different styles, some painted on tower blocks, including a 10-storey office block. The works were created under a road closure, using scaffolding and aerial work platforms.
See No Evil 2011
See No Evil 2011, was a week-long graffiti art event, that claimed to be the largest street art event of its kind in the UK, reaffirmed Bristol's high position in the UK's urban art movement, and supports the claim, that Bristol may be the current international center of this urban art movement. The city has a well established and thriving urban art scene, with many walls around the city decorated over the years by artistic graffiti, notably around the Stokes Croft area, often by local but international respected urban artists like Inkie and Banksy. "Urban and street art are widely felt to be an important part of the city's creative DNA" (Bennet). The event was organised by respected Bristol street artist Inkie (Tom Bingle) who emerged (like Banksy) out of Bristol's 1980s graffiti scene. Inkie said that the inspiration for the event arose partly from witnessing similarly grand street art projects in Lisbon and Melbourne: "I thought it was about time Bristol, home of urban art in the UK had an installation of this scale." "Nothing of this size and scale has ever taken place in the UK and it's an event that has captured the minds of some the world's most respected street artists. It's a major coupé that we've managed to pull this off in Bristol."
The event was coordinated by Inkie, along with Mike Bennett - Bristol City Council, Bristol based music promoter Team Love (made up of music producers Dave Harvey and Tom Payne) and Sam Brandt, director of Weapon of Choice Gallery. The Council contributed to the project, on the assumption of attracting tourists, with place-making director Mike Bennett paying for half of the project through his salary. The was to be matched by private donations. The organizers spent a year planning the project, with full support from the street's residents, businesses and building owners. Team Love (TL) organised the music festival and street party.
Before 20 August 2011, the chosen location, Nelson Street, was "one of the most depressing, ugly and run down streets in Bristol" (Mike Bennet). A dreary '1960's urban nightmare. Decaying and decrepit' (Inkie). "Bristol's Nelson Street was nothing but empty shells of grey buildings built by tasteless architects that stank of piss," a nondescript corridor of bleak, grey buildings between Broadmead and Colston Square in the city centre "It needs something big development-wise.... with the economy as it is, the prospect of any serious development here in the next five years is almost nonexistent." A spokesperson of one of the buildings said "anything that would revitalise the street and increase footfall for a minimal cost – then all the better."
The council viewed the project as a platform to revitalize the street and encourage its regeneration. The councils Executive member for culture Simon Cook said: "This project is very exciting for Bristol. ...this will put us on the map internationally" as a cultural and tourist attraction. Two years previously Banksy show at the City Museum and Art Gallery had attracted large crowds. The organisers also looked towards Melbourne, Australia, were a street project attracted almost half a million visitors a year as an example of how street art could help regenerate urban area.
The name 'See No Evil', Bennett explained, is from the three wise monkeys who see no evil, hear no evil and speak no evil. "It sort of works on the artistic element, and because it has a musical element to it as well. And of course because we're taking over the old magistrates' courts" and Police station. The irony of Inkie being invited to paint the very courts he was sentenced in after Operation Anderson years before, as the ringleader of 75 plus artists in the UK's largest graffiti-related arrest, was not lost. "Half the early graffiti artists in Bristol must have been taken to that police station or through the magistrates' courts at one time or another" . "I mean, we've legally painted the old juvenile and magistrates' courts where a few of these artists have been processed and charged. It was quite a surreal thing to see."
List of 2011 See No Evil artists
A total of 72 graffiti artists were invited to take part, including twenty of the world's leading artists. Writing in The Independent, Louisa McGillicuddy noted that only two of the artists were women.
Sources for the table below unless otherwise stated.
Other Artists included: Kid Acne, Swanski, Ben Slow, Best Ever, Bonzai, Cosmo Sarsen, Dicey, Feek, GMC, Hit + Run, Maumau, Mr Wany, Mysterious Al, Pinky, Ponk, SEPR, Wow 123, Xenz, Zeus, Solo One, and Goldie
Who's Lenny?
A 16-minute long short film about See No Evil 2011, Who's Lenny?, was commissioned by the council. It was produced by Bristol-based production company Hurricane Media. The film was made using a range of techniques including wirecam technology – a first in a UK urban environment - as well as time-lapse photography and 24-hour live coverage.
See No Evil: Who's Lenny explains how once outlawed graffiti artists have now come to critical acclaim, and how one group in particular were invited to paint the courts of law in which they were once convicted for their art. The video aims to present street art as a vibrant and contemporary art form. The documentary includes interviews with some of the 72 artists involved including Inkie, Tats Cru, El Mac, Nick Walker, Shoe, Xenz, China Mike and Paris. Focusing on the See No Evil event, the film also explores how street art has a natural home in Bristol, capturing the spirit of Bristol graffiti scene.
The film went on to win Royal Television Society (RTS) Awards for Best Short Film and Best Community Media in February 2012.
See No Evil 2012
Arrangements were made by Inkie for the repainting of the street in August 2012, as part of the 2012 Cultural Olympiad accompanying the Summer Olympics and Paralympics, with support from Bristol City Council, the Arts Council and London 2012 Festival as part of the 2012 Cultural Olympiad and Bristol University. See No Evil 2012 began on 13 August when 45 selected (both local and international) artists, with 3,500 cans of spray paint and 700 litres of paint.
The event took place on Nelson Street again, a one-way bus and taxi lane known for its depressingly grey concrete walls (including a 12-story office block and a police station) over the course of 7 days– with the permission of the owners. Three works from the 2011 event's 72 pieces were saved by the public vote, via an internet poll allowing people to voice their opinions on preferred works, those being the suited man pouring a tin of red paint, the wolf boy, and the woman and child; painted by Nick Walker, Aryz and El Mac respectively.
It is intended that See No Evil at Nelson Street will remain Europe's largest open air street art gallery, with huge murals until the following summer. Some of the artists (including ManOne and Vyal One, FLX One and Dones and Limited Press) in the same week also created work on hoardings around the Bristol Temple Quarter Enterprise Zone.
List of 2012 See No Evil artists
Sources unless otherwise stated.
Hear No Evil
Both years, alongside the live art event of See No Evil with graffiti artists at work, Hear No Evil hosted live music and DJ sets with artists from Bristol's music scene, plus graffiti workshops, food stalls, breakdancing, face painting, and pop-up galleries. For both years there were music events in the disused Westgate Building. Both years had a Hear no Evil block party on the final Saturday and in 2012 Busking day on Sunday 19 August. For 2012 the opening event was an audio-visual immersive event, "Mail, Maps & Motion", on Friday 17 August, featured a collaboration of Joanie Lemercier (from 3D projection people AntiVJ) and musicians Adrian Utley of Portishead and Will Gregory of Goldfrapp, took place at the Passenger Shed.
Reception and future
Some Conservative councillors said that the exhibition was a waste of money and were unhappy the Liberal Democrat-run council had contributed towards funding it.
Bristol City Council Leader Barbara Janke said: "When the economy is suffering generally, it is important for councils to take steps like these to stimulate the city's economy. ..This daring and entrepreneurial project has acted as a catalyst for change in this once unloved part of the city centre. ..."Bristol is leading the way by promoting one aspect of the city's own unique character to a much wider audience to generate wider economic benefits."
Jonathan Jones writing in The Guardian about the 2011 event concluded that street art was dying. "Maybe there was a time when painting a wittily satirical or cheekily rude picture or comment on a wall was genuinely disruptive and shocking. That time is gone" and went on to say, "Images far too ordinary to be exhibited in art galleries are admired because they are on the street".
2012, Nelson Street businesswoman, Lynne Tonks, said it was "the best thing that they ever did in this street...They've increased the foot flow," with more tourists were attracted to the area, less crime and vandalism. "It's a pleasanter environment to work in and for people to come to," Ms Tonks said. "Graffiti is something that Bristol should be proud of, Banksy's put it on the map and other people are following - and it looks great."
See No Evil 2011 not only successfully rejuvenated a very run down area of Bristol but generated enough publicity to turn it into one of Bristol's biggest tourist attractions. When asked about the legacy of See No Evil, Dave Harvey from Team Love said "In terms of legacy – obviously the street itself. This street this time last year, no one came here, there was nothing on the street, it was really grey and dismal. This year council figures show tens of thousands more people are coming down here every month to look at the art."
Inkie said "The future of See No Evil is a more diverse base of art forms including photography, digital and animation with bigger music acts and better installations and street dressings. This is something we would like to take on tour to other cities across the globe. The legacy is the longstanding effect on the youth and their creativity in Bristol through the outreach projects and workshops in which we are directly inspiring the youth and showing them ways to express themselves. This will lead in turn to a bigger creative scene in Bristol for the future."
See also
Quinta do Mocho murals, near Lisbon, Portugal
References
External links
Telegraph 2011 Review
Graffiti in England
Murals in the United Kingdom
Arts in Bristol
2011 paintings
2010s murals
Street art festivals
Dream Tower () was a 665 m megatall skyscraper proposed for the new Yongsan International Business District, Seoul, South Korea. It would replace the original Triple One Tower. The Triple One Tower was supposed to be 620 meters. However, it has been renamed Dream tower (Korial Tower), and has been redesigned.
With 150 stories, the building was going to be the centrepiece of the Yongsan Dreamhub, a 28-trillion-won ($22.6-billion) project to be built on the banks of the Han River near Yongsan Station. Demolition of the site started in 2010 and groundbreaking was scheduled to start in 2011. As of 2013, the Yongsan Dreamhub plans have been cancelled.
See also
List of buildings with 100 floors or more
List of the tallest buildings in Seoul
References
External links
Official site
Emporis page
Article calling for a redesign (in Korean)
Proposed skyscrapers
Skyscrapers in Seoul
Proposed buildings and structures in South Korea
Yongsan District
Christopher Grimm is a New York City-based writer-director and actor. He wrote, produced, directed and starred in a series of TV promos and movie trailers for the Independent Film Channel based on The Bystander from Hell, a character he created in a short shot on one roll of Super-8 film that played at over 50 film festivals, including Sundance.
He directed the short comedy Looking for Dubinsky, and his 2008 film, Goyband, was his feature-film directorial debut. Goyband is a musical comedy set in the Catskills starring Adam Pascal, Amy Davidson, Tovah Feldshuh, Natasha Lyonne, Tibor Feldman, Cris Judd, Dean Edwards, Wendy Diamond and CBS Travel Editor Peter Greenberg, and was distributed by MarVista Entertainment.
As a screenwriter he has worked with directors such as Davis Guggenheim and Alan Rudolph. In addition to writing several award-winning short films, writing credits include the feature-length films Rhythm Thief (winner of numerous festival awards, including a Sundance Jury Prize); Spare Me (winner of the Avignon Prix Tournage) and the documentary Calling the Ghosts (winner of 2 Emmy Awards & a Cable Ace Award).
References
External links
American male screenwriters
Living people
Writers from New York City
Year of birth missing (living people)
Film directors from New York City
Screenwriters from New York (state)
Phil Gallagher is a British children's television presenter who is best known for playing the title character in the CBeebies children's television show Mister Maker.
Career
Gallagher started his career as presenter and sports reporter on BBC Radio Kent. He was a performer and puppeteer on Playhouse Disney and also provided characters and voices for Studio Disney.
From 2003 until 2005, Gallagher presented Diggin' It on GMTV. During 2006, he was a regular character on Mighty Truck of Stuff as 'Pablo', and was also the voice-over for Channel 4's Unanimous.
Gallagher has appeared as the title character in Mister Maker since 2007. He also appeared in 2 episodes of Bear Behaving Badly as the Robot Rat Catcher and the Mummy. Since 2009, he has also played the role of 'Mr Liker Biker' in Grandpa in My Pocket.
Gallagher often performs in pantomimes. In 2006, he appeared as Wishee Washee in Aladdin at the Theatre Royal in Winchester. In 2007, he appeared as Silly Billy (Jack's brother) in Jack and the Beanstalk, again at the Theatre Royal in Winchester. In 2008, he appeared as Buttons in Cinderella at the Opera House, Buxton, Derbyshire. In 2009 he played alongside George Takei in the title role of Aladdin at the Central Theatre in Chatham, Kent, and in 2011 as Muddles in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs in St Albans with Toyah Willcox who played the Evil Queen. In 2013, he returned to Jack and the Beanstalk, playing Billy Trot in a production at the Marlowe Theatre, Canterbury alongside Samantha Womack.
In 2009, Gallagher was nominated for the BAFTA Children's Awards as Best Presenter for his role in Mister Maker.
Education
Gallagher attended Rainham Mark Grammar School in Rainham, Kent, and Canterbury Christ Church University.
Filmography
References
English male television actors
English television presenters
English male voice actors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Windows Mobile 6.1 was a version of the Windows Mobile operating system, released on April 1, 2008. It is a minor upgrade to the Windows Mobile 6 platform with various performance enhancements and a redesigned Home screen featuring horizontal tiles that expand on clicking to display more information, although this new home screen is featured only on Windows Mobile Standard edition. This was not supported in the Professional edition. Several other changes such as threaded SMS, full page zooming in Internet Explorer and 'Domain Enroll' were also added, along with a "mobile" version of the Microsoft OneNote program and an interactive "Getting Started" wizard. Domain Enroll is functionality to connect the device to System Center Mobile Device Manager 2008, a product to manage mobile devices. The most apparent of the other differences is that the Standard version (like prior versions) still creates automatic links for telephone numbers in Tasks and Appointments, which allows for the easier click and dial of stored telephone numbers within these Outlook items. This feature is not supported in the Professional version. Windows Mobile 6.1 also had improved bandwidth efficiency in its push-email protocol "Activesync" of "up to 40.02%"; this considerably improved battery life in many devices.
Operating System
Aside from the visual and feature distinctions, the underlying CE versions can be used to differentiate WM6.0 from WM 6.1. The version of Windows CE in WM 6.0 is 5.2.*, with the final number being a 4 digit build ID (e.g. 5.2.1622 on HTC Wing). In WM 6.1, the CE version is 5.2.* with a 5 digit build number (e.g. 5.2.19216 on Palm Treo 800w).
See also
References
Windows Mobile
Microsoft software
Discontinued versions of Microsoft Windows
The London Lions were a motorcycle speedway team that operated for one season during the 1996 Premier League speedway season from the Hackney Wick Stadium, the former home of the Hackney Hawks and the Hackney Kestrels.
Management
The promoter and team manager for that season was former Hackney rider Colin Pratt. Fellow promoters were Ivan Henry and Terry Russell who moved their Arena Essex Hammers promotion into Hackney.
1996 Squad
(c)
League Record
They finished the season in ninth place (out of nineteen) but because the stadium had been newly modernised and the track was not as good as when it was held there previously, crowds were not as high as was hoped for. Speedway had barely returned in 1995 (for the British Grand Prix) when it was announced that the Stadium had passed into the ownership of the receivers. Come the end of the 1996 season there was still no new owner. Racing was never seen at the stadium again. The greyhound racing also vacated the stadium at the end of 1996.
See also
Hackney Wick Wolves
Hackney Hawks
Hackney Kestrels
References
Defunct British speedway teams
Sport clubs established in 1996
Sport clubs disestablished in 1996
Speedway teams in London
Stenotrema florida, common name the Apalachicola slitmouth, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
The common name refers to Apalachicola, Florida, USA.
References
ITIS info
Encyclopedia of Life info including distribution map
Jacksonville Shell Club image of the species w. common name
Polygyridae
Gastropods described in 1940
Holy Cross Parish () is a Roman Catholic parish located in New Britain, Connecticut, United States. Founded on April 8, 1927, it is in the Archdiocese of Hartford and is one of dozens of Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England.
History
Membership in New Britain's original Polish national parish, Sacred Heart, had risen to about 9000 when a movement for a second parish was sponsored by the Holy Trinity Society, founded on April 8, 1927. On November 3, 1927, Bishop John Joseph Nilan authorized Fr. Stephen Bartowski to organize what became Holy Cross Parish. The first Mass was offered on November 13 at a local hall. Fr. Bartkowski broke ground for a new church on Farmington Ave. on December 29, 1927. A year later, Fr. Bartkowski offered the first Mass in the new wooden church, which was dedicated on July 11, 1927 by Auxiliary Bishop Maurice F. McAuliffe. So many Poles soon crossed over from Sacred Heart that Bishop John Joseph Nilan recognized Holy Cross Parish as a national instead of a territorial parish, as originally planned.
The 1936 neo-Gothic church was designed by architect Anthony J. DePace of New York.
Pipe organ
The church includes a Casavant Frères Pipe Organ (Opus 3650, 1988), situated at the back of the gallery under a large west-end rose window. The placement on the central axis allows an organ of modest proportions to fill a large building. Considerable tonal variety is available on the three manual
divisions and pedal and includes appropriate divisional choruses that are
balanced individually and are structured to work together in the ensemble of the
instrument as a whole. The Trompette-en-Chamade is effective not only as the
crowning glory for the ensemble but also in solo and dialogue roles. While this
instrument speaks with a decidedly French accent, it has proven extremely
effective in presenting the music of Bach and his contemporaries and in
accompanying the singing of the congregation and choirs of the parish.
Saint John Paul II School
In the year 1928, a new Polish parish was established on Farmington Avenue in the City of New Britain, Connecticut under the leadership of Rev. Stefan Bartkowski. The Most Rev. Maurice F. McAuliffe, Bishop of Hartford, dedicated Holy Cross Church on July 1, 1928. That same year, eight Sisters of St. Joseph, Third Order of St. Francis were asked to teach the Polish language and religion to the children of the newly founded parish after school hours. In the first two years 600 pupils enrolled. The efforts of the Sisters and the support of the Pastor laid the foundation for the present day parish school. The school was closed in 2015.
References
Stanislaus Blejwas, "A Polish Community in Transition: The Origins of Holy Cross Parish, New Britain, Connecticut", Polish American Studies, Vol. 34, No. 1 (Spring, 1977), pp. 26–69.
Stanislaus Blejwas, "A Polish Community in Transition: The Evolution of Holy Cross Parish, New Britain, Connecticut", Polish American Studies, Vol. 35, No. 1/2 (Spring - Autumn, 1978), pp. 23–53.
Bolesław Kumor, Dzieje Polskiej Rzymsko-Katolickiej Parafii Świętego Krzyża w New Britain, Conn. (1927-1977) (History of the Polish Roman Catholic Parish of Holy Cross in New Britain, Conn. (1927–1977)); reviewed in Polish American Studies, Vol. 38, No. 1 (Spring, 1981), pp. 85–88.
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Holy Cross - Diocesan information
Holy Cross - ParishesOnline.com
Archdiocese of Hartford
Parish School
Church Site
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in New Britain, Connecticut
Churches in Hartford County, Connecticut
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England
"Dead Wrong" is a story arc of the Marvel Comics' award-winning comic series, Runaways. The story arc features the first appearance of the creative team of Terry Moore and Humberto Ramos. The arc is composed of the first six issues of the series' third volume.
Production
Terry Moore was announced to take over the series during summer 2006. Moore hadn't read Runaways until the job offer came up; after getting more information about the Marvel Universe and Runaways from his son, Moore "fell in love" and describes the characters with great detail and passion. Moore mentioned that one of his favorite scenes in this story arc involved the beach scene with Molly and Klara.
Humberto Ramos's incarnations of the Runaways differs greatly from those of previous artists Adrian Alphona, Mike Norton, and Michael Ryan. For Karolina, he used his personal opinion to draw her, deliberately breaking style with the previous artists for the benefit. His drawing of Nico was meant to look sexy. As for Chase, he modeled Chase into a typical "big blond hunk of California surfer", because Chase should be "the muscle in the team." Ramos regularly goes onto Yahoo! Shopping, looking for the latest ideas in fashion for Molly and Klara's Hannah Montana-inspired clothes. Xavin's gender is to be determined by the way the story progresses, Victor remains more or less the same, but Old Lace differs greatly. With a much longer jaw, the dinosaur appears a lot larger than previous incarnations.
Story
Plot
The duo's pilot issue (August 27, 2008) had the Runaways find a third hiding place at Chase's parent's former Malibu home. Klara saves her first life, Chase's new radio station manager boss, Bob, who mysteriously falls off the tower during a heart attack. When returning home, the Runaways discover that the remaining Majesdanians (Karolina's alien race) have arrived; deHalle, vaRikk, vaDanti, and the General have the desire to hunt Karolina down for the problems caused on their planet. With the help of a spell from Nico ("Scatter") she manages to separate the Majesdanians, sending vaRikk to Africa, deHalle to Antarctica, and the General to China (September 24, 2008). Her spell fails to work on vaDanti, so the Runaways hold him captive. Meanwhile, Val Rhymin kills Bob, the station manager. It is revealed in the third issue that Nico's spell actually also affected the Runaways; a reason why they are also slowly breaking up.
Setting
Like previous writers Brian K. Vaughan and Joss Whedon, Moore continues to make cultural references: YouTube, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), movie director Kevin Smith. The films Psycho, Jurassic Park, and Rocky Balboa from the Rocky film series are also referenced.
Characters
Nico Minoru leads the team. She is a witch who controls magic.
Karolina Dean is an extraterrestrial, who controls solar energy.
Chase Stein has a psychic link to a dinosaur and owns fire/electric-manipulating gauntlets.
Molly Hayes is a mutant whose powers include super-strength and invulnerability.
Victor Mancha is a cyborg who has the ability to control metal and electricity.
Xavin, a shape-shifting alien has the abilities of the Fantastic Four.
Klara Prast, the latest member, has the ability to control plants.
Notes
References
External links
Who Are The Runaways?: The Newcomer's Guide to Volume 3
Marvel Page on the Runaways
Runaways at Merging Minds
Marvel Next
Eva Neymann (; born 21 June 1974) is a Ukrainian film director. Her film At the River was entered into the 29th Moscow International Film Festival.
Selected filmography
Awards
GoEast, Award of the Federal Foreign Office (At the River, 2007)
Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, East of West Award (House with a Turret, 2012)
Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival, Grand Prize (House with a Turret, 2012)
International Istanbul Film Festival, People's Choice Award (House with a Turret, 2013)
Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, Award of Ecumenical Jury - Special Mention (Song of Songs, 2012)
Fribourg International Film Festival, FIPRESCI Prize (Song of Songs, 2016)
Nashville Film Festival, Special Jury Prize (Song of Songs, 2016)
Odessa International Film Festival Golden Duke (Song of Songs, 2016)
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
People from Zaporizhzhia
Ukrainian film directors
Ukrainian women film directors
Aphanobelodon is an extinct genus of proboscidean in the family Amebelodontidae.
Taxonomy
The holotype is the complete cranium of an adult female, and the paratypes include the remains of another adult female, an adult male, four subadults, and three calves. It is one of the few proboscidean species that lacks upper tusks, a trait previously thought to be unique to deinotheres.
The generic name comes from aphano, meaning invisible, and belodon, meaning front tooth. The specific name of the type species is after Rong Zhao, who discovered and excavated the specimens.
References
Amebelodontidae
Miocene proboscideans
Miocene mammals of Asia
Prehistoric elephants
Prehistoric placental genera
Fossil taxa described in 2016
Houliston Glacier () is a tributary glacier between Neall Massif and the West Quartzite Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica, flowing northwest into Black Glacier. It was so named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1967–68, for R. Houliston, an electrician at Scott Base, 1967–68. This glacier lies situated on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
References
Glaciers of Pennell Coast
KRZZ is a commercial radio station located in San Francisco, California, broadcasting to the San Francisco Bay Area on 93.3 FM. KRZZ airs a regional Mexican music format branded as "La Raza". The station's studios are located in San Jose just north of downtown, and the transmitter is located in the San Bruno Mountains.
History
KRZZ has adopted many programming formats since sign on in 1959 as KYA-FM. The station carried a Top 40 format for many years, either in conjunction with, or separate from KYA. In December 1979, both stations flipped to an easy album rock format titled "Easy Rock 93 FM". Within months, the FM station became KLHT ("K-Lite"), while KYA flipped to an oldies format. Two years later, the FM would regain its original call letters while flipping to an oldie format that lasted a decade.
On March 28, 1994, KYA flipped to high-energy country music as "Young Country 93.3" and later changed its call sign to KYCY. The station would add the -FM suffix in 1997 when the station began simulcasting on 1550 AM, and would later rebrand as "Y93" on February 22, 1999. On December 18, 2001, KYCY began stunting with Christmas music for a week, followed by simulcasts of other sister Infinity Broadcasting stations in San Francisco, and then a three-day loop of the song "It's a Small World". On December 31, 2001, the station flipped to a hybrid Rhythmic AC/world music format as KKWV, "93.3 The Wave." On September 2, 2003, at 6 a.m., the station joined in a simulcast with KBAY as "93.3 and 94.5 K-Bay". In November 2004, the station broke from the simulcast and flipped to its current format. The next year, the station was sold by Infinity Broadcasting (later part of CBS Radio, now part of Entercom) to the current Spanish Broadcasting System.
In March 2017, KRZZ began airing the morning program hosted by Terry "El Terrible" Cortez, Kristel Yañez and Johnny Orta at WLEY in Chicago. The program is also heard on KLAX-FM in Los Angeles.
References
External links
FCC History Cards for KRZZ
KRZZ Website
Spanish Broadcasting System radio stations
RZZ
Regional Mexican radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1959
RZZ
Robert Lynn (9 July 1918 – 15 January 1982) was a British film and TV director. His TV work includes Interpol Calling, Armchair Theatre and Captain Scarlet.
He also produced the classic children's film The Railway Children (1970).
He was the son of actor Ralph Lynn.
Selected filmography
Information Received (1961)
Two Letter Alibi (1962)
Postman's Knock (1962)
Victim Five (1964)
Coast of Skeletons (1964)
Mozambique (1965)
Change Partners (1965)
Sandy the Seal (1965, released 1969)
Eve (1968)
References
External links
1918 births
1982 deaths
British film directors
People from Fulham
The Earl H. Ellis VFW Post #1362, located at 701 E. 1st St. in Pratt, Kansas, was built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
It has been said to constitute "a good example of a late Art Deco structure featuring native stone construction."
It was deemed "significant architecturally and socially as a reflection of the history of the community of Pratt."
The listing included, in addition to the building, two contributing objects.
References
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Art Deco architecture in Kansas
Buildings and structures completed in 1939
Pratt County, Kansas
Veterans of Foreign Wars buildings
Lloyd Welch Pogue (October 21, 1899 – May 10, 2003) was an American aviation attorney and chairman of the Civil Aeronautics Board.
Early life and education
Pogue was born in Grant, Iowa on October 21, 1899, the son of Leander Welch Pogue and Myrtle Viola Casey. His mother home-schooled him after chores, and he began traditional schooling in eighth grade. He graduated from Red Oak High School in Red Oak, Iowa in 1917. He attended Grinnell College and enlisted there in the Student Army Training Corps of the U.S. Army before transferring to the University of Nebraska, where he became president of the student body. After returning to work on the family farm for a while, Pogue received his B.A. from the University of Nebraska in 1924, and his law degree from the University of Michigan Law School in 1926. Later, Pogue received his Doctor of Juridical Science (D.J.S.) from Harvard Law School.
At Harvard Law School, noted law Professor and later United States Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter took Pogue in as a protégé. As a lawyer, Pogue was entranced by Charles Lindbergh's trans-Atlantic flight and decided to focus his law career mainly on the "skies".
Personal life
He married Mary Ellen Edgerton on September 8, 1926 at Aurora, Nebraska. They were married for 75 years until her death in 2001. She was born October 27, 1904, in Fremont, Nebraska, the daughter of Mary Nettie Coe and Frank Eugene Edgerton, a direct descendant of Richard Edgerton, one of the founders of Norwich, Connecticut and a descendant of Governor William Bradford (1590–1657) of the Plymouth Colony and a passenger on the Mayflower.
Her father was a lawyer, journalist, author and orator and served as the assistant attorney general of Nebraska from 1911 to 1915. She died on September 19, 2001, just days after she and Pogue's 75th wedding anniversary, at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center in Baltimore, Maryland. Mary Ellen grew up in Aurora, Nebraska, and spent some of her childhood years in Washington, D.C., and Lincoln, Nebraska.
Mrs. Pogue received her bachelor's degree in music from the University of Nebraska at Lincoln in 1926 and was a member of Alpha Phi. They had three sons, Richard Welch Pogue, William Lloyd Pogue, and John Marshall Pogue who assisted his father on many research and writing projects.
Their grandson David Pogue, is an Emmy award-winning technology correspondent, writer and journalist.
His wife's brother was Harold Eugene "Doc" Edgerton, a professor of electrical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and credited with transforming the stroboscope from an obscure laboratory instrument into a common device.
Career
Pogue joined the Civil Aeronautics Board in 1938. Four years later, he was appointed Chairman by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and he served as Chairman until 1946. During his tenure Pogue helped strike down a plan for a single world airline. He later resumed his law practice before retiring in 1981, after a career of nearly 60 years.
Pogue founded the Washington D.C. law firm of Pogue & Neal, which represented several major airlines and other industry clients. In 1967, Pogue & Neal merged with Jones, Day, Cockley, Reavis to become Jones, Day, Reavis & Pogue. Pogue served as Managing Partner of the Washington Office from 1967 to 1979.
Mr. Pogue was described by author James Parry as "a name synonymous with the pioneering giants who played a pivotal role in transforming international civil aviation ... into the cohesive global force that it is today ... Pogue is truly a living legend and a founding father of the international civil aviation system." Parry's book, 100 Years of Flight was commissioned by the International Civil Aviation Organization, based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Death
He died on May 10, 2003 at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland. He is buried at Quantico National Cemetery.
Miscellaneous
In 1994 Aviation Week & Space Technology established the L. Welch Pogue Award for Lifetime Achievement in Aviation, naming Pogue its first recipient.
References
Pogue, Lloyd Welch. Pogue/Pollock/Polk Genealogy As Mirrored in History, From Scotland to Northern Ireland/Ulster, Ohio, and Westward. Baltimore: Gateway Press, Inc., 1990.
1899 births
2003 deaths
Iowa lawyers
American centenarians
Men centenarians
Grinnell College alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
Jones Day people
People from Montgomery County, Iowa
University of Michigan Law School alumni
University of Nebraska alumni
20th-century American lawyers
Burials at Quantico National Cemetery
Remiremont Abbey was an abbey that was founded as a house of nuns near Remiremont, Vosges, France. It later became a community of secular canonesses.
History
It was founded about 620 by Romaric (580–653), a lord at the court of Chlothar II, who, having been converted by Saint Ame (570–625), a monk of Luxeuil, took the habit at Luxeuil. Together they established a double monastery on Saint-Mont (Mount Haberd), overlooking the Moselle valley. They followed the Rule of St. Columbanus and practiced the "Laus perennis", the continuous chanting of the Office by alternating choirs. Among the abbots were St Ame, St Romaric, and St Adelphus (d. 670). Among the abbesses were Sts Mactefelda (d. ca 622), Claire (d. ca 652) and Gébétrude (d. ca 673). Around 640, Bishop Arnulf of Metz, progenitor of the Arnulfing and Carolingian dynasty, died near Habendum, and was buried in the monastery until his remains were later translated to Metz Cathedral.
Benedictines
The men's monastery disappeared perhaps during the 9th century. Around 818, the nuns adopted the more flexible Rule of St. Benedict and settled in the Moselle valley below. They kept the name of the founder, Romarici Mons (Romaric's mount) which later became "Remiremont". A market town grew around the monastery. In the Middle Ages, its estate was the largest in the region.
Canonesses
Gradually, the women at Remiremont stopped following the Benedictine rule and became secular canonesses, who did not take perpetual vows, and were free to resign their prebendary and marry. Remiremont was very exclusive. Canonesses were admitted from those who could give proof of 200 years of noble descent. Enriched by the Dukes of Lorraine, the kings of France and the Holy Roman Emperors, the ladies of Remiremont attained great power. The canonesses lived independently within the abbey with their own circle of friends and servants. As prebends, they each received a share of the abbey's considerable income to dispose of as they wished, and could leave to visit family, sometimes for months at a time.
The abbey church consecrated by Pope Leo IX in 1051, at which time he granted Remiremont exemption from episcopal oversight, reporting to the Pope. In token of his, every three years the abbess would send to Rome a white horse draped with a purple cloth. At the time of Rudolph of Habsburg (1290), the abbess was raised to the status of Imperial Princess. On Whit Monday the neighboring parishes paid homage to the collegiate chapter in a ceremony called the Kyriolés (canticles in the vernacular).
On their accession, the Dukes of Lorraine became de facto suzerains of the abbey and had to come to Remiremont to swear to continue their protection. The "War of the Escutcheons" () in 1566 between the duke and the abbess ended in favor of the duke, and the abbess never recovered her former position. In order to demonstrate their Imperial immediacy and their independence from the Dukes of Lorraine, the canonesses of the abbey mounted escutcheons around the town displaying the Imperial eagle. Charles III, Duke of Lorraine, took advantage of the absence of Emperor Maximilian II, away campaigning in Hungary, to remove the escutcheons by force and establish his de facto sovereignty.
In the 17th century the ladies of Remiremont fell away so much from the original monastic style of life as to take the title of countesses. In church they wore long white mantles trimmed with ermine. They were obliged to live at the abbey three months in the year in gentile houses built in a large enclosure around the church. Many kept carriages and gave balls, concerts, and other entertainments.
Catherine de Lorraine was an abbess from 1612 to 1648. The office was to be given to her niece, Marguerite, but she married Gaston, Duke of Orléans. The couple's second daughter, Élisabeth Marguerite d'Orléans, became titular abbess, as was Princess Élisabeth Charlotte of Lorraine. Béatrice Hiéronyme de Lorraine was also abbess. Anne Charlotte de Lorraine, was an abbess from 1738 until 1773. Maria Christina of Saxony, sister to the Dauphine Marie Josèphe, was abbess after Anne Charlotte from 1773 until 1782.
The last abbess, under the Ancien Régime from 1786 until 1790, was Louise Adélaïde de Bourbon, the daughter of Louis Joseph, Prince of Condé. She was prioress of the Monastery of the Temple at her death in 1824.
See also
List of Carolingian monasteries
Carolingian architecture
Carolingian art
References
Sources
Imperial abbeys
States and territories established in 1290
States and territories disestablished in 1766
Remiremont
Remiremont
Buildings and structures in Vosges (department)
Carolingian architecture
Christian monasteries established in the 7th century
Churches in Vosges (department)
Burial sites of the Pippinids
7th-century churches in France
A. A. Aziz is an Indian politician, belonging to the Revolutionary Socialist Party (RSP). He was a MLA from Eravipuram for the 11th, 12th and 13th Niyamasabha, representing Eravipuram. In March 2012 he was unanimously elected secretary of the Kerala State Committee of RSP.
References
Living people
Revolutionary Socialist Party (India) politicians
Kerala MLAs 2001–2006
Kerala MLAs 2006–2011
Kerala MLAs 2011–2016
1941 births
The Johnnie Walker World Golf Championship was a golf event held at the Tryall Golf Club in Jamaica from 1991 to 1995.
The tournament was intended to be an official World Championship event to rival the four majors but was terminated after just five stagings.
Winners
References
External links
Tryall Golf Club
Golf tournaments in Jamaica
International sports competitions hosted by Jamaica
Mohammed Taiyab Khan (died May 1982) was an Indo-Fijian politician and lawyer. Between 1966 and 1977 he served as a member of the Legislative Council, Senate and House of Representatives. He was also Minister for Commerce, Industries and Co-operatives from 1972 to 1976.
Biography
A prominent lawyer in the Tavua area, Khan was the Federation Party candidate for the South-Central Viti Levu Indo-Fijian communal constituency in the 1966 elections and was elected to the Legislative Council. In 1968 all Federation Party members resigned in protest at the government. However, Khan switched allegiances to the Alliance Party and ran unsuccessfully in the North-East Viti Levu constituency in the subsequent by-elections.
When Fiji became independent in 1970, an appointed Senate was established, with Khan appointed as one of the nominees of Prime Minister Kamisese Mara. He remained in the Senate until the 1972 elections, when he was elected to the House of Representatives from the Indo-Fijian North-Eastern national constituency. Following the elections, he was appointed Minister for Commerce, Industries and Co-operatives by Mara. However, in May 1976 he was charged with corruption and resigned from the cabinet. Although he was later cleared, he was not invited to return to the cabinet, and was later expelled from the Alliance after abstaining from a key vote.
He lost his seat in the March 1977 elections and later joined the National Federation Party (NFP), a successor to the Federation Party. He died in Lautoka in May 1982 from a heart attack, shortly before the general elections in which he was an NFP candidate.
References
Fijian Muslims
20th-century Fijian lawyers
Politicians from Tavua, Fiji
Members of the Legislative Council of Fiji
Alliance Party (Fiji) politicians
Members of the Senate (Fiji)
Members of the House of Representatives (Fiji)
National Federation Party politicians
Year of birth missing
Trade ministers of Fiji
Industry ministers of Fiji
1982 deaths
Aalsum (West Frisian: Ealsum) is a village in the Dutch province of Friesland. It is located in the municipality Noardeast-Fryslân, about 1 km north of Dokkum. It had a population of around 125 in January 2017
Aalsum is built on a partially excavated terp, around a church originally dedicated to St. Catherine of Alexandria, which dates back to approximately 1200 AD.
History
The village was first mentioned in 944 as Atlesheim, and means "settlement of the people of Athal (person)". In 1840, Aalsum was home to 306 people. Aalsum is a terp (artificial living mound) village. The terp dated from the 5th to 7th century, and was high.
The St. Catherine church dates from the 12th century. The nave was enlarged around 1500. In 1843, the tower and western wing were demolished. The wing was restored, but however the tower was replaced by a simple belfry. In 1840, Aalsum was home to 306 people.
During the 1880s, most of the terp was excavated. During the excavation, pottery, gold and bronze jewelry and 27 Carolingian denarii (silver coins) were discovered.
Aalsum used to have a railway station (Dokkum-Aalsum) on the North Friesland Railway, which opened in 1901. It became the terminus for passenger services in May 1935 and closed to passengers in July 1936.
In 1965, the monument Droppinghiem was revealed, because the farm of Veeninga was used for weapon drops for the Dutch resistance. In the autumn of 1944, 86 containers of weapons, ammunition and explosives were dropped at the farm. Until 2019, the village was part of the Dongeradeel municipality.
Notable inhabitants
(1932–2001), writer and journalist
Gallery
References
External links
Noardeast-Fryslân
Populated places in Friesland
Trioceros harennae, the Harenna hornless chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in Ethiopia.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1995
Reptiles of Ethiopia
Lappeh Zanak (, also Romanized as Lappeh Zang, Lapeh Sang, and Lapeh Zang) is a village in Ghaniabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 628, in 201 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Gilbert Norwood (born 23 November 1880 in Ecclesall Bierlow, Sheffield; died 18 October 1954 in Toronto) was a British classical philologist and essayist.
Life
Gilbert Norwood studied at St John's College of Cambridge University with John Edwin Sandys and Richard Claverhouse Jebb. After completing his Bachelor's degree (1903), he was employed as an Assistant Lecturer in Classics at the University of Manchester. He also completed his Masters in Cambridge (1906) and was a Fellow at St. John's College from 1906 to 1909.
In 1908, Norwood was awarded a Professorship at University College in Cardiff (Professor of Greek). He stayed there for almost twenty years until 1926 when he was offered a professorship at University College in Toronto (Canada).
Norwood worked in Toronto until the end of his life. In 1928 he was appointed Professor of Classics and Director of Classical Studies. In the following years he received various international awards: in 1933 he received his doctorate from the University of Wales (Cardiff), in 1943 he was elected a member of the Royal Society of Canada, and in 1943/1944 he was invited to the University of California, Berkeley as Sather Professor, in 1944/1945 he was visiting professor at the University of Chicago. Norwood retired in 1951.
Norwood's research focus was the ancient stage poetry, especially the Greek tragedy (Euripides) and comedy (Aristophanes) as well as the Roman comedy (Plautus and Terence). He published English translations of several pieces, monographic overviews of the genres and numerous essays on individual problems.
Works
The Riddle of the Bacchae. Manchester/London 1908.
Greek Tragedy. London/Boston 1920. 4th, revised ed. London/Boston 1948.
Euripides and Shaw, with other essays. London/Boston 1921.
The Art of Terence. Oxford 1923.
The Writers of Greece. London 1925.
The Wooden Man and other stories and essays. New York 1926.
Greek Comedy. London 1931. Reprinted Boston 1932, 1950.
Spoken in Jest. London 1938.
The Syntax of the Latin Gerund and Gerundive. Toronto 1932.
Plautus and Terence. New York/London 1932.
Pindar. Berkeley 1945 (Sather Lectures 19).
Essays on Euripidean Drama. Berkeley/Los Angeles 1954.
Further reading
Alexander G. McKay: Norwood, Gilbert. In: Ward W. Briggs (Ed.): Biographical Dictionary of North American Classicists. Greenwood Press, Westport CT u. a. 1994, ISBN 0-313-24560-6, pp. 449f.
External links
Alexander G. McKay, Gilbert Norwood, Database of Classical Scholars
1880 births
1954 deaths
Classical philologists
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Academics of the University of Manchester
Fellows of St John's College, Cambridge
Academics of Cardiff University
University of Toronto faculty
University of California, Berkeley faculty
University of Chicago faculty
Papilio erostratus, the Erostratus swallowtail, is a species of Neotropical swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Guatemala, Costa Rica, Belize and Mexico.
Description
It is very similar to Papilio pharnaces but in the male the spots on the upper surface of the hindwing are yellowish white. In the female the spots are red also above, larger than in the female of P. pharnaces the marginal spots of both wings also somewhat larger than in the foregoing species. Tail long and narrow. Sympatric with P. pharnaces in western Mexico.
Habitat
It is most common in hilly country at a height of about 1500 m (approximately 5,000 ft).
Subspecies
Papilio erostratus erostratus – (Guatemala, Costa Rica, Belize)
Papilio erostratus erostratinus Vázquez, 1947 – (Mexico)
Papilio erostratus vazquezae Beutelspacher, 1986 – (Mexico)
References
Lewis, H.L. (1974). Butterflies of the World Page 24, figure 21.
erostratus
Butterflies described in 1847
Papilionidae of South America
Kirsten Penny is a professional English female ten-pin bowler. She has won numerous international events and regularly plays for Team England.
Career highlights
Wins
2000 - Scott Banks Memorial Event
2001 - 2001 World Games mixed doubles gold medal
2001 - 10th Vodafone Malta Open
2002 - Scott Banks Memorial Event (2)
2003 - 15th Irish Open
2003 - 1st Indonesian Open
2003 - 29th Thailand Open Masters
2004 - Scott Banks Memorial Event (3)
2004 - 16th Irish Open
References
External links
Super Series Profile
British ten-pin bowling players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Competitors at the 2001 World Games
World Games gold medalists
World Games medalists in bowling
Wiseman's Cottage is a heritage-listed storehouse at 30 Nathan Street, The Range, Rockhampton, Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built from to . It is also known as Mount Athelstane. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
History
Wiseman's Cottage was constructed in 1859 as part of Henry Wiseman's residence which overlooked the Yeppen Yeppen Lagoon on the outskirts of Rockhampton. The stone structure was built as a storage section for the timber home of 16 rooms and is the only remaining part of the original residence. Credited as the oldest surviving structure in Rockhampton the cottage is significant for its association with Henry Wiseman, the Land Commissioner who was responsible for officially siting and naming the township of Rockhampton.
Rockhampton was proclaimed a township and port of entry in October 1858 after Henry Wiseman the Land Commissioner for the Leichhardt District was requested to find a suitable site on the Fitzroy River for a township. Wiseman agreed with Charles Archer (the original settler of Rockhampton who established a property at Gracemere Homestead in 1855) that as the bar of rocks across the river had already fixed the head of navigation on the Fitzroy, this was the natural site for a township. After suggesting the names of Charleston and Palmerston for the new town in honour of two early settlers who declined the offer of the namesake, Wiseman named the town after the principal characteristic of the locality, the rocks in the river. Wiseman first referred to the name of "Rockhampton" in 1856.
In 1857 Wiseman decided to establish his own property in Rockhampton on a site at the southern end of the range overlooking the river flats in one direction and in the other, Yeppen Yeppen Lagoon. The erection of a basic structure consisting of several rooms was most likely completed by the end of 1857. The large 16-room slab house containing the stone "cottage" was not erected until 1859. In February 1859 Colin Archer noted in his journal that Wiseman was completing and furnishing his house "in capital style, but will find the expense very considerable ... It is a nice situation and could be made a first rate residence if £5,000 were expended on it".
The main house was built of slabs cut from the surrounding bush and had a shingled roof. Wiseman named the house Mount Athelstane which gave its name to the Athelstane Range, where the house was situated. The "Range", as it is referred to, became an area of affluent settlement in the following decades, for which Mount Athelstane set a precedent.
The stone room was constructed as a storage room from stone gathered on the property. The stone is supposed to have a faint date, 1859, scratched into the surface. A large underground tank also of stone provided the water supply.
The property was transferred to John McFarlane in 1874 and then to the Royal Bank of Queensland in 1889 who subdivided and sold off the original acreage. In February 1902 the property was transferred to Dorinda Curtis wife of George Silas Curtis MLA, one of the leading advocates for the separation of Central Queensland in Rockhampton.
The timber house was demolished in the 1950s during the ownership of Henry Phillips, after which the present residence was built. However, the stone "cottage" was retained and later used as a gift shop by the Parks who purchased the property in 1973. The Parks were the founding members of the National Trust in Rockhampton. It was during this time that two doors were cut into the structure. The property was bought by the present owners in 1983.
Description
Wiseman's Cottage is a single-storeyed stone structure with a hipped corrugated iron roof located fronting Lavarack Street to the west. The building is located at the rear of a high-set timber residence which overlooks Yeppen Yeppen Lagoon to the distant Mount Morgan Range to the south.
The building consists of a single room, with a masonry chimney stack at the northern end and a verandah on the western side. The building has masonry quoining with random rubble stone infill over which narrow ridges of lime mortar have been applied to give the appearance of pointing to coursed ashlar. The southern wall is cement rendered, and patches of render have been applied to various parts of the structure. The northern end has a masonry infill section, possibly in place of an original fireplace.
The western verandah has a stone paved floor, with timber posts supporting a skillion awning. A centrally positioned multi-paned French door with battered reveals and external timber shutters opens onto the verandah. A multi-paned casement window with external timber shutters is positioned above the French door and opens above the awning level. A plaque commemorating the construction of the building is hung on the southern end of the western wall, and the name 'Wiseman's Cottage' is located centrally hung from the verandah top- plate.
The eastern elevation has a similar French door and casement window arrangement, with a covered walkway connecting the building to the adjacent residence.
Internally, the building has a raked ceiling lined with compressed sheeting, and rendered walls with the northern internal gable being unrendered stone.
An underground water tank is located to the northeast of the building. Established gardens surround the building, and a number of mature trees are located at the northern end of the site. A low rubble stone wall forms a base for the perimeter timber fence to the property.
Heritage listing
Wiseman's Cottage was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
Wiseman's Cottage, a remnant of Henry Wiseman's Mount Athelstane, is one of the oldest surviving structures within the boundaries of Rockhampton and as such demonstrates the beginning of residential development in the city.
The place demonstrates rare, uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland's cultural heritage.
Constructed in 1859, Wiseman's Cottage is a rare structure in Rockhampton, providing evidence of the original settlement in the area.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
The structure is aesthetically important due to its scale, form, and construction of rough-cut stone, and together with the surrounding plantings the building makes a subtle contribution to the local streetscape. The colour and texture of its walls reveal the character of the local stone used in its construction.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
Wiseman's Cottage has special association with Henry Wiseman, Land Commissioner of the Leichardt District who was responsible for officially naming and siting the township of Rockhampton in 1858 and precipitating a pattern of affluent settlement in the "Range" area.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
Agricultural buildings and structures in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
The Range, Queensland
The Ericsson R380 is a GSM smartphone developed by Ericsson Mobile Communications. It combines the functions of a mobile phone and a personal digital assistant (PDA), and was introduced at CEBIT on 18 March 1999.
Released in November 2000, it was the first device marketed as a 'smartphone'. In December 1999, the magazine Popular Science appointed Ericsson R380 to one of the most important advances in science and technology. It was a groundbreaking device, as it was as small and light as a normal mobile phone.
Hardware
The display was a black and white touchscreen, partially covered by a flip which, when opened, reveals a large wide display. For that reason it can be considered the clear forerunner of the popular P800/P900 series of smartphones. It predates the UIQ user interface which runs on those later phones, but again, the heritage is clear.
Software
The R380 ran the EPOC Release 5.1 operating system, which can thus be considered the first Symbian OS device. It uses a sophisticated user interface that originated as 'Emerald', one of the device family reference designs (DFRD) that was planned by Symbian Ltd. However users could not install their own software on the device.
The phone and the software was developed at Ericsson's lab in Kista, Sweden. The user interface (UI) was developed at Ericsson's Software Applications Laboratory in Warrington, UK. The UI was built using an in-house developed library called the Ericsson Control Kit (ECK).
The device was delivered in three variants. The most common being the R380s (dual 900/1800 GSM bands) and the (rarer) R380 World (dual 900/1900 GSM bands). The final variant with minor software and cosmetic upgrades was designated the R380e.
At introduction, the R380s pricing was around US$700 (compared to the T28s at US$500), and the device was never network-locked.
See also
Nokia 9210 Communicator
External links
Pic
References
R380
Symbian devices
Ericsson
Mobile phones introduced in 2000
Bayavü Hill Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 2 of the Kohima Municipal Council and is sub-divided into Upper Bayavü Hill and Lower Bayavü Hill.
Attractions
Nagaland State Museum
The Nagaland State Museum located in Bayavü Hill Ward and displays a comprehensive collection of artefacts including ancient sculptures, traditional dresses, inscriptions of the Naga people.
Education
Educational Institutions in Bayavü Ward:
Schools
Bayavü Higher Secondary School
Bayavü Government Middle School
Grace Higher Secondary School
Vinyüzo School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 2
References
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Abashev (; masculine) or Abasheva (; feminine) is a Russian last name. Variants of this last name include Abashenko (), Abashin/Abashina (/), Abashkin/Abashkina (/), Abashichev/Abashicheva (/), Abashkov/Abashkova (/), and Abashurov/Abashurova (/).
There are two theories regarding the origins of these last names. The first one relates them to nicknames "" (Abash) and "" (Abasha), the diminutive forms of which are "" (Abashka), "" (Abashko), and "" (Abashur). Patronymic "" (Abashich) is also derived from these nicknames. The nickname itself has either Russian or Turkic origins. In Russian, it could have been given to people who overused the dialectal Russian word "" (abo; meaning or, if only, so that)—in this case the suffix "" (-ash-) is a standard means of forming a name. The Turkic origin theory is more plausible and traces the nickname to the Turkic root "aba" (meaning an uncle on the father's side), to which diminutive suffix "-š" was added.
The other theory traces these last names, in particular Abashin and Abashkin, to the Christian male first name Avvakum.
People with the last name
Natalya Abasheva, wife of Boris Stark, Russian missionary and priest
Timur Abashev, member of the Russian team participating in Men's 4x7.5 km relay during the Biathlon European Championships 2007
Vladimir Abashev (b. 1954), Russian philologist
See also
Abashevo, several rural localities in Russia
References
Notes
Sources
И. М. Ганжина (I. M. Ganzhina). "Словарь современных русских фамилий" (Dictionary of Modern Russian Last Names). Москва, 2001.
Ю. А. Федосюк (Yu. A. Fedosyuk). "Русские фамилии: популярный этимологический словарь" (Russian Last Names: a Popular Etymological Dictionary). Москва, 2006.
Russian-language surnames
is a translation of the Gospel of Luke from the Biblical Greek into Jamaican Patois. The work was spearheaded by the Bible Society of West Indies, headquartered in Kingston, Jamaica. The translation was published in print and audio formats in summer 2010. It served as a precursor for , which was launched in the United Kingdom and in Jamaica in 2012 - the year in which Jamaica celebrated its fiftieth anniversary of independence from Britain. The Project falls within the Bible Society of the West Indies' larger translation endeavour, known as the Jamaican Creole Translation Project.
Example
A translation of Luke 1:28, when the angel Gabriel first visits the virgin Mary.
<div style="font-style:italic">
</div style>
References
External links
jamaicanbible.org - Creole Bible translation project
Bible versions and translations
Christianity in Jamaica
Jamaican literature
Gospel of Luke
2012 books
Ted Strawns (2 December 1876 – 19 September 1958) was an Australian rules footballer for .
References
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
1876 births
1958 deaths
Port Adelaide Football Club (SANFL) players
Port Adelaide Football Club players (all competitions)
Krow may refer to:
Roswell International Air Center (ICAO abbreviation)
King Krow, stage name of wrestler Dan Kroffat
Alias of American open-source programmer Brian Aker
Boss in the list of Donkey Kong characters
As a radio sign, KROW may refer to:
KROW, Cody, Wyoming radio station
Former call sign of Oakland, California radio station KNEW (AM)
Former call sign of Dallas, Texas radio station KLUV
Former call sign of Lovell, Wyoming radio station KWHO
Former call sign of Dallas, Oregon radio station KWIP
Tetracha fulgida, common name bright metallic tiger beetle, is a species of beetles of the family Carabidae.
Description
Tetracha fulgida can reach about in length. The basic color is metallic red with green margins. The side edges of the elytra along the posterior part are pale yellow. Adults are almost flightless, but possess functional wings. They are nocturnal and ground-dwelling.
Distribution
This species occurs in Ecuador, Colombia, Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Peru and Paraguay. It prefers large riverbanks and marshy areas at an elevation of about above sea level.
References
Cicindelinae
Beetles of South America
Arthropods of Colombia
Beetles described in 1834
UNO 001 was the name of the only produced car from the planned UNO project to create a sports car made in Linköping, Sweden. The project started in the late 1980s with a budget of 3 million SEK and the backing of several strong financial backers. They managed to produce the UNO 001, but then something went wrong. In the 2000s it was for sale for 30000 SEK and it as of 2009 undergoing restoration.
The car is made steel tube frame with body parts of steel sheets. According to a 1980s commercial it could be assembled in two hours. Much of the parts used come from Saab, including the engine mounted in a mid engine configuration.
References
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of Sweden
Sports cars
Mid-engined vehicles
The Motorola Profile 300e is a mobile phone that was manufactured by Motorola in 1996.
The Profile had the Motorola MicroTAC's battery and antenna. The "e" at the end of the name means that it had all of the special features as well as extended display. The phone had a "slim" 6V Nickel-Metal Hydride battery and a regular battery. With the slim battery, the phone was about an inch thick. It had a built-in antenna that was 5 inches long.
For making calls, the phone had a SND button, and to end calls it had an end button. The Profile was one of the first cell phones that had a passcode lock. The Profile was not a very popular
cell phone.
Other Buttons
Other buttons on the Profile 300e were: RCL, STO, CLR, FCN, and up and down buttons for volume.
Display
The Profile 300e had an LED Display with 3 signal icons, 3 battery icons, an NS
icon (No Service), an IU icon (In Use), and RM (Roaming). It had a 10-number display. When the
phone was turned on, the screen would simply say "On". If the phone was locked it would say
"Loc'd". When the phone was locked, the code was a 3-digit number—by default 1-2-3, or if not, the last
three digits in the phone's number.
Features
The phone had 9 optional ringtones, an auto lock function, multikey answer (so you could answer with any key), a special emergency call option, an Auto Answer function (after two rings the phone would automatically answer itself), and several other features common on older Motorola phones.
profile 300
Arulmigu Subramaniya Swamy Temple, Thiruparankundram is a Hindu temple dedicated to the god Murugan (also known as Kartikeya and Subramaniya Swamy) at Thiruparankundram, Tamilnadu, India. It is regarded as one of the "six Abodes of Murugan". The temple is built in rock-cut architecture and believed to have been built by the Pandyas during the 6th century. According to the legend. it is where Murugan slayed the demon Surapadman and married Deivayanai, the daughter of the king of heaven, Indra. Also, Murugan is said to have worshipped his father Shiva here as Parangirinathar.
The temple is located from Madurai in India. In the main shrine, apart from Murugan, the deities Shiva, Vishnu, Vinayaka (Ganesha) and Durga are housed. The temple follows Shaiva tradition of worship. Six daily rituals and three yearly festivals are held at the temple, of which the Kantha Sashti festival during the Tamil month of Aippasi (October - November) being the most prominent. The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Endowment Board of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Legend
Thiruparamkundram finds mention in the Kanda Puranam detailing the slaying of Surapadman by the god Murugan. As per Hindu legend, the demon king Surapadman, once obtained boons from the god Shiva on account of severe penance. He started ruling the 1008 worlds on account of the power attained. He married Padumakomalai and had several sons. Viramkendiram, a city created in the seas, became his capital and he started troubling the devas (the gods). He imprisoned Indra (the king of the gods) and also desired Indra's wife Indrani. Indra sought the help of Shiva's son and the god of war Murugan. Murugan sent his messenger Viravakutevar to the demon, who remained unmoved. A severe battle was fought in Thiruparamkundram where Murugan killed all the sons of the Surapadman except Iraniyan. Surapadman hid under the sea. Murugan split him into two pieces, which went on to become the god's divine vehicles, peacock and rooster. The day when Murugan slayed Surapadman is celebrated as Skanda Sashti festival in all the Murugan temples.
In gratitude, Indra married his daughter Deivayanai to Murugan at Thiruparamkundram. Murugan is believed to have worshipped Shiva here as Parangirinathar. Kanthar Anoobothi, a treatise of the divine marriage records that Murugan asked all the divine angels and gods who attended the marriage to fly back to heaven in their own vehicles in Mano veham (speed of thought).
History
Inscriptional evidences point out that this temple, being carved out of a hill, was most probably earlier a Jain cave. There is another theory that earlier to this, the Murugan temple existed much before the 6th century and converted into Jain shrine by Jain monks under the aegis of Pandya king Koon Pandiyan. The temple was later converted into a Hindu temple under the tutelage of Gajapathy, the minister of a later Pandya King, during the later part of the 8th century. The temple has several additions during the regime of Madurai Nayaks who commissioned the pillared halls in the temple. As of 2021, the temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Architecture
The temple is located from Madurai, on the Madurai - Tenkasi road. The temple is built rock-cut architecture dating back to the Pandya period of 6th century and the life sized sculptures in the mandapas of the Nayaka period during the 16th century. An Aasthaana Mandapa with several artistically carved pillars lead one to the towering high seven-tiered rajagopuram at the entrance. The granite hill behind the temple is having a shrine of Kasi Viswanatha (Shiva) at the top. The image of Vinayaka (Ganesha) in the temple holds sugarcane and fruits. The inner rock cut image is made from a single stone.
The Kambathadi Mandapam, Ardha Mandapam, and Mahamandapam, the three halls leading to the sanctum, are situated at varying elevation. The main shrine is an early rock cut temple which has cells that house the sanctums of Murugan, Durga, Vinayaka, Shiva and Vishnu. All the statues are carved on the wall of the parankundram rock. Shiva is worshipped as Parangirinathar with his wife Parvati as Aavudai Nayaki. Panels depicting Shiva's dance of bliss are seen outside the sanctum.
A notable feature of this temple is that the Shiva and Vishnu face each other in the main shrine, considered a rare thing in ancient Hindu temples. Outside the temple there is a water tank, where the fishes are served with salt and rice flakes by the devotees. There is also a Vedic school on the banks of the temple pond. In front of the Dwajasthambam, the flag staff, there is a carved Nandi (bull), Mayil (peacock) and mouse, the Vahanas (vehicles) of Shiva, Murugan and Vinayaka. There is a flight of six steps called the "Shadashara Padigal", before Ardha Mandapam. The rock carvings of Mahisshasura Mardini (Durga), Karpaga Vinayagar (Ganesha), Andarabaranar and Uggirar are seen in the hall. There are five water bodies, namely, Saravana Poigai, Lakshmi Theertham, Saniyasi Kinaru (well), Kasi Sunai, and Sathiya Koopam.
Literary mention
The 7th-century Shaiva saint Sambandar visited Thirupparamkunram and praised the Shiva icon of the temple Uchinathar in ten verses in Tevaram, compiled as the First Tirumurai. As the temple is revered in Tevaram, it is classified as Paadal Petra Sthalam, one of the 276 temples that find mention in the Saiva canon. The temple is counted as the third in the series of the temples on bank of river Vaigai.
Sambandar met the three Tamil chiefs, the Chera, the Chola and the Pandya in this temple and blessed them. Sundarar and Sambandar composed the Tevaram Pathigam here. Nakkirar composed many poems on the Murugan icon. Tiruppugazh, Kandapuranam and other works speak of the glory of this shrine.
Religious importance and festivals
The temple priests daily perform the puja (rituals). The temple rituals are performed three times a day; Kalasanthi at 8:00 a.m., Uchikalam at 12:00 a.m. and Sayarakshai at 6:00 p.m. Each ritual comprises four steps: abhisheka (sacred bath), alangaram (decoration), naivethanam (food offering) and deepa aradanai (waving of lamps) for Uchinathar (Shiva) and Uchinayagi (Parvati). There are weekly rituals like (Monday) and (Friday), fortnightly rituals like pradosham, and monthly festivals like amavasai (new moon day), kiruthigai, pournami (full moon day) and sathurthi.
Skanda Shashti festival celebrated during the Tamil month of Aippasi (October - November) is the most prominent festival of the temple. Murugan killing Surapadman is enacted during the last of the six days and the festive image of Murugan is taken in different mounts around the streets of the temple during the festival. Brahmotsavam here falls in the Tamil month of Panguni. The Vishnu named Pavalakanivai Perumal, and Murugan are taken in procession to Madurai to celebrate Minakshi's wedding (Chittirai festival), with residents of Madurai dressed in festive clothing. Nakkirar's association with this temple is also celebrated as a festival. Karthigai Deepam festival is also celebrated during the Tamil month of Karthigai by lighting a lamp on top of the hill. Vaikasi Visakam, and the float festival in Thai(Tamil month) are the other festivals celebrated in the temple. Since the image of Vishnu is in the temple, Vaikunta Ekadashi is also celebrated.
References
External links
Photo gallery of Thirupparamkunram Murugan Temple
Hindu temples in Madurai district
Hindu temples in Madurai
Religious buildings and structures in Madurai
Buildings and structures in Madurai
Murugan temples in Tamil Nadu
Kaumaram
Kiều Công Tiễn or Kiểu Công Tiện () (矯公羡) was a general in the court of Dương Đình Nghệ, a Vietnamese Jiedushi of Tĩnh Hải quân who took over the position in 931. In 937 Kiều Công Tiễn assassinated the Jiedushi to seize his position and thus provoked a revolt led by Ngô Quyền who sought revenge his lord and father-in-law Dương Đình Nghệ. In response to the attack, Kiều Công Tiễn appealed to Liu Yan, the emperor of Southern Han, for reinforcements but he was defeated and executed by Ngô Quyền before the army of Southern Han entered the country. Later, Ngô Quyền had a decisive victory over the Southern Han in the Battle of Bạch Đằng River and marked the independence of Vietnam from Chinese authorities.
History
According to Từ điển Bách khoa toàn thư Việt Nam, the date of birth of Kiều Công Tiễn was unknown but he was from Phong Châu (now Phú Thọ, Vietnam) where he was a notable of the region. Commonly, the Hán tự characters of his name (矯公羨) are transcribed in Vietnamese as Kiều Công Tiễn but there are some sources such as the Khâm định Việt sử thông giám cương mục or the Việt Nam sử lược of Trần Trọng Kim use the transcription Kiểu Công Tiện. In several ancient historical books of China like the New History of the Five Dynasties, his family name (矯, Kiều) was recorded by another character 皎 which is often transcribed as Hiệu in Vietnamese.
When Dương Đình Nghệ took over the position of Jiedushi of Tĩnh Hải quân in 931 from the Southern Han, Kiều Công Tiễn was chosen as a general in the court of Dương Đình Nghệ, according to the Đại Việt sử lược, Kiều Công Tiễn was the adopted son of the Jiedushi. In the third month of lunar calendar in 937, Kiều Công Tiễn assassinated Dương Đình Nghệ in order to seize his position of Jiedushi. Nine months later, Ngô Quyền, another general of Dương Đình Nghệ, commanded his army from the Ái province (now Thanh Hóa) to rise a revolt against Kiều Công Tiễn in revenging his lord and father-in-law Dương Đình Nghệ. In response to Ngô Quyền's military campaign, Kiều Công Tiễn decided to seek help from the emperor of Southern Han Liu Yan who also wanted to profit the chaos in Tĩnh Hải quân to regain control of Giao Chỉ. Because of his action against Dương Đình Nghệ and the call on Chinese aid, Kiễu Công Tiễn is denounced by many Vietnamese historians as a usurper in history of Vietnam.
After accepting the appeal of Kiều Công Tiễn, Liu Yan appointed his son Liu Yuancao the new Jiedushi of Tĩnh Hải quân, which was renamed as King of Giao Chỉ (Giao vương), and personally conducted the reinforcements for Kiều Công Tiễn. Before the troops of Southern Han entered the territory of Tĩnh Hải quân, Ngô Quyền got ahead by defeating and executing Kiều Công Tiễn in 938 and prepared to catch the army of Liu Yan in Bạch Đằng River. Finally Liu Yan's army was defeated in the Battle of Bạch Đằng River where his son Liu Yuancao was killed in action, the emperor of Southern Han had to abandon his military campaign and Ngô Quyền thus successfully secured the country from invaders and marked the beginning of the independence of Vietnam from Chinese authorities. After the death of Ngô Quyền in 944, Vietnam again fell into troubled times with the 12 Lords Rebellion in which Kiều Công Hãn and Kiều Thuận, grandsons of Kiều Công Tiễn, were among the principal warlords.
References
Notes
Bibliography
|- style="text-align: center;"
|-
|-
|-
870 births
938 deaths
Southern Han jiedushi of Jinghai Circuit
Deepak Kannal (born 1949) is an Indian art historian, sculptor and a former professor at the Department of Art History and Aesthetics, Faculty of Fine Arts, Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda, Gujarat where he also served as dean and head of the department. He is a specialist on the Ellora caves on which he has written several influential research papers, delivered numerous lectures and has authored a book titled Ellora-An Enigma in Sculptural Styles (1996).
Life and work
Kannal studied sculpture at Faculty of Fine Arts, Baroda (1975) and established himself as a sculptor early in his career. After this he pursued Art History in which he received his second post-graduate degree (1983). He completed his doctoral thesis in 1993 in which he worked on the sculpture of Ellora caves.
Kannal worked as the Head of the department, UGC/DSA coordinator and the Dean of the Faculty. He has several notable publications that includes a book “Ellora-An Enigma in Sculptural Styles'', a monograph, four co-edited volumes - one of them on Ellora Sculpture and Architecture, three edited journals, these are to be re-released soon as a single book, three full length plays, three dance dramas and more than seventy papers and articles on Art and Aesthetics to his credit. His dance drama named ‘Dipta Kailasa' narrating the history of Kailasanatha monolith of Ellora and the myths associated with it was performed at Ellora, in the vicinity of the caves.
His most significant contribution in Art History is his teaching methodology and interpretation of Indian sculpture and Indian Aesthetics. He is an authority on Ellora cave sculpture. and has dedicated his entire life in studying the subject. His book on Ellora was reprinted in 2018 by Aprant Publishers, Pune.
Jaya Jose (1996) notes his work on Khajuraho sculpture and says, "Deepak Kannal whilst referring to the difficulties faced by scholars, with regard to the exact identification of some novel and complex images, at Khajuraho (in the absence of a comparative textual source to explain or identify these images), delves into the intricacies of the relation between the text, the image and more significantly the role of the artist in the entire icon-making process." His study of Khajuraho sculptures throws fresh light on the way in which historical textual sources and sculptural evidences must be examined. His focus remains the sculptors and their creative contribution while remaining within the limitations of their age and time.
One of his most significant contribution is his interpretation of the ignored inscription "Utpattipidugu". He has written about it in one of the volumes of the journal Nirukta which was also edited by him and has delivered several lectures on the subject.
He has created the syllabus for two subjects for UGC e-pathshala Post Graduate course in Fine Arts and Aesthetics - Indian Sculpture and Indian Aesthetics
Ellora - an Enigma in Sculptural Styles
Deepak Kannal worked on the Brahmanical sculptures of Ellora for his PhD, which was published as the book titled "Ellora - an Enigma in Sculptural Styles" in 1996. In the book he uses formalism as a tool to study the images and also devises his own unique methods of tracing sculptural guilds throughout the Indian subcontinent. In this work he traces several sculptor guilds which travelled to Ellora and worked there, while also examining patterns of classicism and romanticism at the site. In the chapter 'Introduction to Theatricality', he traces the quality of performance in sculpture which also becomes flamboyant in few images. The methods he devises in this work come from his own experience as a practicing sculptor and his familiarity in working with the medium of stone and metal.
In his recent lectures (2020) he has developed his work on Ellora sculptors and architects further using the same methodological tools.
History as Allegory: The Bhaja Narratives
In his research paper titled "History as Allegory: The Bhaja Narratives", published in the volume 'Towards a New Art History: Studies in Indian Art', 2003, Deepak Kannal has proposed a fresh identification of the famous sculpture of Bhaja caves, generally identified as Surya and Indra. He proposes that the depiction is a political allegory and it shows the conflict between Ceta Kharavela of eastern India and Simuka Satavahana of Deccan. In his own words -
"I propose that the inadequately though not erroneously identified sculptural panel from Bhaja is a visual record of Sri Satakarni's conquest over Kharavela"
He interprets the many other figures in this sculpture allegorically, for instance, the 'mouse headed woman', he says, is the personification of the city which is being routed by Kharavela on the other site, the Bodhi tree and the rejoicing around it shows Satakarni's victory.
Sri Utpattipidugu: Inscription, Insignia and to Indite
Sri Utpattipidugu is a special volume of Nirukta journal, which was published by Art History and Aesthetics department, Faculty of Fine Arts, Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda, Vadodara in 2005. It is a detailed study of the inscription 'Utpatti pidugu' which has been traced at several archaeological sites, sometimes with an insignia and sometimes without it. Deepak Kannal, in this volume has suggested the possibility that Utpatti pidugu could be the name of a religious leader who created a new movement within Brahmanism and was able to gain political influence.
Lupadakhe - Unknown Master Sculptors of Ancient India
The book commemorates the legacy of the forgotten and therefore unknown sculptors of ancient India. Co-authored along with Kanika Gupta, this work takes the methodology adopted by Deepak Kannal in his previous work on Ellora forward and identifies a few Master Sculptors from ancient India. It discusses some of the best of sculptures from the Indian tradition and talks about Indian sculptural aesthetics using the ancient Indian lexicon along with citing instances from the European tradition.
"The book stands as proof to the fact that to a trained eye the sculpture speaks differently. It transforms into a visual map of craftsmanship, stylistic overture and is a marker of lineage. Every nuance has its place and every deliberation by the sculptor is embedded as their singular vision within the rock. Offering a loving permanence, Lupadakhe is a tribute to beauty and the heritage of the subcontinent's unsung artistic genius."
He has been speaking extensively on Indian Aesthetics, Sculptural language and Linguistic theories since many years.
Plays
He wrote a play titled 'Jogidas Khuman', which was performed by Fine Art Natak Kampani, Tathagat, Faculty of Fine Arts, Baroda. The play is based on the writings of Gujarati writer Jhaverchand Meghani and the reports of Captain Bell of East India Company.
He wrote and directed a dance-drama titled 'Dipta Kailasa', which was performed in the vicinity of Ellora caves.
He has been actively involved in theatre set design, acting and writing plays.
Awards and Recognition
He has organized and participated in many National/Inter National seminars, has delivered series of lectures for coveted institutes in India, US and UK and was invited on prestigious chairs instituted by various Academies, Museums and Universities. He is a recipient of a number of awards, scholarships and distinctions in Sculpture, Theatre and Art History including the Charles Wallace fellowship for his post doctoral project at Cambridge (1992), UK, National Lalit kala honorable mention, A.P. Council National award, The Gujarat Gaurav Puraskar, Raja Ravi Verma Samman and the Tagore National Fellowship in 2018 under which, he is working on the correspondence between Indian Linguistic Theories and Indian sculpture.
Bibliography
Ellora, an Enigma in Sculptural Styles. Books & Books. .(1996).
Ellora Caves, sculptures and architecture: collected papers of the University Grants Commission's National Seminar, Ratan Parimoo, Deepak Kannal, Shivaji Panikkar (editors) India. University Grants Commission, Books & Books, Delhi, (1988).
Nirukta, 3 Volumes, (edited Journal), Faculty of Fine Arts, Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda, Gujarat, (2004, 2005, 2006).
Lupadakhe - Unknown Master Sculptors of Ancient India (Co-author), Mandala Books, Delhi, (2019)
References
Indian art historians
Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda faculty
1949 births
Living people
G.T.O. is the debut studio album by American band Ronny & the Daytonas, and was released in 1964 on Mala Records, MALA 4001.
Background
The group was formed in 1964 when Bill Justis (best known for his hit "Raunchy") became their producer and manager. They went into the studio and recorded a dozen songs primarily written by group member John "Bucky" Wilkin, who was the son of noted country music writer, Marijohn Wilkin. These were interspersed with several covers of surfing/car songs by artists such as Chuck Berry and Jan and Dean. The album and three singles all charted on US Billboard magazine charts. In 1989, vocalist/guitarist Alex Chilton of the 1960s era group The Box Tops, released a cover of "G.T.O." on his EP Black List.
Track listing
"California Bound" (John "Bucky" Wilkin) – 2:14
"Antique '32 Studebaker Dictator Coupe" (Jerry Dean Smith) – 2:05
"Hot Rod Baby" (Smith) – 2:02
"Little Rail Job" (Wilkin) – 2:19
"Hey Little Girl" (Wilkin) – 2:16
"Bucket "T”" (Don Atfled, Jan Berry, Roger Christian, Dean Torrence) – 2:37
"G.T.O." (Wilkin) – 2:30
"The Little Sting Ray That Could" (Wayne Moss, Bobby Russell, Bergen White, Neil Wilburn) – 2:07
"Surfin' in the Summertime" (Wilkin) – 1:50
"Back in the U.S.A." (Chuck Berry) – 2:16
"Hot Rod City" (Bill Justis, Wilkin) – 2:05
"Little Scrambler" (Wilkin) – 1:49
Personnel
Ronny and the Daytonas
John "Bucky" Wilkin (aka Ronny) – vocals, guitar
Paul Jensen – guitar, vocals
Lee Kraft – guitar
Thomas Ramey – bass, guitar
Lynn Williams – drums
These were the Daytonas at the time of the recording, although many session musicians were also used. The touring band changed members frequently.
Technical
Bill Justis – producer
Win Bruder – cover design
Buck Wilkin – photography
Charts
Album
Singles
References
1964 debut albums
The Erchitu is a legendary creature of Sardinian tradition.
According to the ancient legends of Sardinia, a man who committed a serious fault would turn on full moon nights into a white ox with two large horns. The creature stops in front of a house and bellows three times: his roar is heard by all the inhabitants of the country, and according to tradition, the master of the house will die within the year.
Sometimes it is accompanied by devils who lay two lit candles on its horns and prod it with hot skewers.
The Erchitos can free themselves from their torment only when they encounter someone brave and strong, capable of extinguishing the candles in one puff, or capable of cutting the horns on the head with one precise shot.
References
Mythological human hybrids
Sardinian culture
Gimigliano (Calabrian: ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Imke David (born 4 June 1967 in Erlangen, Germany) is a German viol player, author, Professor and Ensemble-Member.
Early life
David grew up in Erlangen in a musical family. As a six-year-old she was a member of the seven-member viol ensemble made up of her family members.
As a gifted student, she was admitted as a junior student in 1986. She studied Early Music, majoring in viol with Jordi Savall at the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis. After a short while, she became a steady member of Savall's ensemble Hesperion XX.
Major influences during her study in Basel were Jesper Christensen, Andreas Staier and René Jacobs.
Career
Professional appearances followed with Cantus Cölln, Concerto Palatino, Concerto Vocale under the direction of René Jacobs, Hesperion XXI under the direction of Jordi Savall, Le Concert des Nations. She was the first viol player to be awarded a prize at the international competition for Early Music in Bruges.
David performs internationally as a viol player and has taken part in radio broadcasts and CD recordings. From 1991 to 1996, compositions for solo viol were composed for her by composer Art Clay. She premiered and recorded these pieces. With the project Broken Words, a text and music - performance with Urs Jaeggi (text), Art Clay (live electronics) and David ( Air-Bow), she explored the use of the viol in modern settings.
She researched the lirone, an Italian string instrument from the Early Baroque. This 13-string instrument was used for continuo, but few people can now play it. David has developed a chordal style of playing. In this technique, the aim is to produce a timbre similar to the organ, suitable for the accompaniment of laments and recitatives in the works of Claudio Monteverdi and his contemporaries.
In 2010 David became a professor of viol, Lirone and violone at the Department of Early Music of the Hochschule für Musik Franz Liszt. There, she teaches in addition the interpretation of the different styles of European Renaissance music early and High Baroque, She is active in international competitions as a judge.
Honors and awards
Award winner, Solo Competition for Early Music in Brügge 1996
Award Winner, Orpheuskonzerte Viola da Gamba 1996 in Zürich
Written work
'The Six String Lira da Gamba, Orfeo-Verlag, München 1999,
Discography
Lachen Weinen Trauern Singen, Imke David Viola da Gamba Solo. David Hume, Johannes Schenck, Georg Philipp Telemann, Karl Friedrich Abel u.a., 1991
Musik for Seven Strings - Imke David Viola da Gamba Solo, Jörg-Andreas Bötticher, Harpsichord, Kompositionen Art Clay, 1995
Werke Mit Obligatem Cembalo. Aus Den Essercizii Musici von Georg Philipp Telemann, Schola Cantorum Basiliensis, 1993
Sechs Sonaten für Blockflöte und Basso Continuo von Ignazio Sieber
Psalmen Davids von Heinrich Schütz mit Konrad Junghänel und Cantus Cölln 2013
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
German viol players
20th-century German women musicians
21st-century German women musicians
Henry Gallop (21 August 1857 – 21 August 1940) was an English cricketer. He played for Gloucestershire between 1877 and 1883.
References
1857 births
1940 deaths
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
Cricketers from Bristol
People from Bitton
Mark Young is an American former professional basketball player. He played college basketball for the Fairfield Stags.
High school career
Young attended Brookline High School in Brookline, Massachusetts. As a senior, he was named New England's Athlete of the Year, while averaging 30.9 points and 18 rebounds per game. He finished his high school career with over 1,500 points and set a single-game school record with 42 points scored.
College career
Young accepted a basketball scholarship from Fairfield University, over Duke University and the College of the Holy Cross, to play under head coach Fred Barakat. He was a teammate of Joe DeSantis and became a four-year starter at center. As a sophomore, he contributed to the team having a 13-0 record at home. He tallied 19 rebounds against Merrimack College.
As a junior, he ranked sixth nationally in field goal percentage (.629), which was also a New England record, after making 149 of 237 attempts. He averaged 17.1 points and 7.4 rebounds per contest. His best game came against the University of Dayton in the 1978 National Invitation Tournament, where he scored 32 points.
As a senior, he led the Stags in scoring (20.9) and rebounding (9.0), while setting a school single-season record with 193 free throws made and becoming the fifth player in school history to surpass 800 career rebounds.
Young left school as the second all-time leading scorer (1,643 points), fifth in rebounds (808), third in field goal percentage (.558), holding Fairfield records in free throws made (543) and attempted (697). He played in 106 games and scored over 30 points in five of those contests.
In 1985, he was inducted as a member of the Fairfield Athletic Hall of Fame. In 2017, he was named to the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference (MAAC) Honor Roll.
Professional career
Young was selected by the Los Angeles Lakers in the second round (41st overall) of the 1979 NBA draft. He was released before the start of the season and never played in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played in Europe during the 1979–80 season. Young signed with Maccabi Haifa B.C. of the Israeli Basketball Premier League in 1981.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1975–76
| style="text-align:left;"| Fairfield
| 26 || – || – || .509 || – || .696 || 7.0 || .5 || – || – || 11.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1976–77
| style="text-align:left;"| Fairfield
| 27 || – || – || .494 || – || .744 || 7.2 || .3 || – || – || 13.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1977–78
| style="text-align:left;"| Fairfield
| 27 || – || – || .629 || – || .811 || 7.4 || .4 || – || – || 17.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1978–79
| style="text-align:left;"| Fairfield
| 26 || – || – || .587 || – || .811 || 9.0 || 1.0 || – || – || 20.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 106 || – || – || .558 || – || .779 || 7.6 || .5 || – || – || 15.5
References
External links
College statistics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Massachusetts
Centers (basketball)
Fairfield Stags men's basketball players
Los Angeles Lakers draft picks
Maccabi Haifa B.C. players
Sportspeople from Newton, Massachusetts
"Shut Up... and Forget About It" is the debut solo single by English singer and songwriter Dane Bowers, released as the lead single from his debut album, Facing the Crowd (2001). A top 10 hit, the song peaked at No. 9 on the UK Singles Chart in early March 2001. The song was produced by the American production duo the Underdogs.
Track listing
CD maxi-single
"Shut Up... and Forget About It" (Original Version) - 3:09
"Shut Up... and Forget About It" (El-B Vocal Mix) - 5:04
"Shut Up... and Forget About It" (G4orce Amnesia Vocal Mix) - 6:25
UK 12" vinyl
A1. "Shut Up... and Forget About It" (El-B Vocal Mix) - 5:04
A2. "Shut Up... and Forget About It" (El-B Dub) - 5:10
B. "Shut Up... and Forget About It" (G4orce Amnesia Vocal Mix) - 6:25
References
2001 debut singles
Dane Bowers songs
Songs written by Damon Thomas (record producer)
Songs written by Harvey Mason Jr.
Song recordings produced by the Underdogs (production team)
Arista Records singles
2000 songs
Love Story is a 1986 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Sajan and produced by M. Mani. The film stars Rohini, Shafeeq, Thilakan and Nedumudi Venu. The film has musical score by Shyam.
Plot
Love Story is a love story following the rich boy meets the poor girl formula. The film was a huge blockbuster hit of 1986, mainly due to its super hit songs.
Cast
Rohini as Shobha
Bhagyalakshmi
Shafeeq as Raju
Nedumudi Venu as Kumaran Nair, Radhakrishnan (double role)
Lalu Alex as Satheeshan
Sabitha Anand as Savithri
Adoor Bhavani as Janakiyamma
Mala Aravindan as Krishnankutty
V. D. Rajappan as Blade Shishumadan
Innocent as Durgadas
Lalithasree as Typing tutor
KPAC Azeez as Vikraman
Sukumari as Rukmini
Sankaradi as Sreedharan
Poojappura Ravi as H. C. Balan Pilla
Jagannatha Varma as Menon
Tony as Ajayan, college student
Jagadish as Hameed
Kollam Ajith as Gunda
Thilakan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Shyam and the lyrics were written by Chunakkara Ramankutty.
References
External links
1986 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Sajan
Penrhosfeilw is a village in the community of Trearddur, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 140.1 miles (225.4 km) from Cardiff and 227.5 miles (366.1 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Qaleh-ye Now-e Fashapuyeh (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Now-e Fashāpūyeh) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 386, in 94 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
The history of air traffic control in the United Kingdom began in the late 1950s, and early 1960s, when an integrated and coordinated system began, once radar had become sufficiently advanced to allow this.
London Airport
On 15 July 1919, the world's first commercial flight occurred, when Henry Shaw (1892-1977) piloted a de Havilland DH.9 for Aircraft Transport and Travel from Hendon to Le Bourget airfield in Paris. The pilot did not have a passport.
Jimmy Jeffs was the world's first air traffic controller at London Airport on 22 February 1922. The Mayday callsign originated at London Airport in 1921.
From 1928, radio signals from Croydon, Pulham in Norfolk and Lymm in Kent triangulated the position of aircraft; a similar system was set up by Germany in 1940, known as the Battle of the Beams.
Development of radar
On the evening of 25 February 1935 at Stowe Nine Churches (Upper Stowe) in Northamptonshire, the so-called Daventry experiment took place with Robert Watson-Watt to prove that radar detection of aircraft was possible.
Integration
On Wednesday 18 June 1958, a £5m plan for coordinating air traffic control was announced. Four new radar centres would be built; previous to this, ATC personnel received aircraft positional information over the radio from pilots, not from any radar. The UK Air Traffic Service began in September 1959; it controlled air movements above 25,000 ft.
Upper airspace routes, known as air ways, were created in the late 1950s. The USA had created its Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) also in 1958.
Coordinating organisation
On Monday 10 December 1962, Julian Amery, the Minister for Aviation, announced the new National Air Traffic Control Services, with a central controller. Military air traffic control was controlled by the Military Air Traffic Organisation.
The London Terminal Control Centre at RAF West Drayton opened in November 1966, but only received radar coverage in 1971.
NATCS, the coordinating organisation, became NATS in April 1972, when it became part of the CAA. Computer flight plans were implemented in 1975.
The London Area Control Centre at West Drayton moved to Swanwick, Hampshire at 2.30am in the morning on Sunday 27 Jan 2002, when 29-year-old controller Sarah Harris guided an Airtours International Flight AIH 550 from Gran Canaria Airport at Las Palmas safely into Birmingham Airport. Swanwick had been hoped to open in 1996 and to cost £350m. Swanwick oversaw flights above 20,000 feet, excluding those around Manchester under 21,000 feet and around South East England under 24,500 feet.
Swanwick was intended to replace two sites at West Drayton and Manchester (at Manchester Airport), but the West Drayton centre remained open to oversee London and South East England, and was planned to close in 2007; it closed on 23 November 2007 when around 500 staff moved to Swanwick. NATS also have a technical centre in Whiteley. The RAF 78 Sqn moved to Swanwick from January 2008. Swanwick receives radar information from nine radar sites.
Controllers
ATC personnel were represented by the Institution of Professional Civil Servants, which became Institution of Professionals, Managers and Specialists in 1989.
Training
In the early 1960s, both military and civil radar operators were trained at a joint school at RAF Sopley.
Around sixty countries would send ATC trainees to the College of Air Traffic Control (CATC) in Dorset, including Eastern Europe. The Central Air Traffic Control School trained military ATC personnel from 1963; the first women ATC trainees began later in 1963.
Aircraft movements
There were 372,000 aircraft movements in the UK in 1960, 480,000 in 1962, and 610,000 by 1969.
In 2017, NATS handled around 2.5 million flights.
The UK has the third-largest aviation network after the US and China. Up to 80% of North Atlantic air traffic passes through UK airspace. The
Shanwick OCA (Shanwick Oceanic Control) was formed in 1966, and controlled from Prestwick, with two communication towers in southern Ireland and Gloucestershire.
The Concorde route from Heathrow Airport to Bahrain was the world's first supersonic air transport route.
Radar stations
Civilian
In August 1970, a new £150,000 Plessey DASR-1 radar for Titterstone Clee Hill, in Shropshire, was built; Clee Hill had RAF radar during World War II, but this site had closed in 1956
Claxby, also known as Lincoln, in north-east Lincolnshire, has a 250 mile range, on land owned by BT
Cromer Radar was set up in the late 1980s, with a link to a new air traffic control centre at Stansted; it had Plessey Watchman as its primary radar for the North Sea, often for helicopters travelling to North Sea oil platforms. The RAF and RN also had Cromer as their primary radar; it worked via a travelling-wave tube.
Debden, Uttlesford, in Essex, has a 160 mile range
Heathrow opened in November 1985 with a 250 mile range, and a 37-metre-high concrete tower, that was built by Fairclough Civil Engineering of Adlington in Lancashire
Pease Pottage, in the north-east of West Sussex, opened in December 1986, on land owned by the Met Office, with a 160 mile range
Tiree, on the Inner Hebrides, has a 250 mile range; it replaced a military radar in Northern Ireland, and opened in July 1986; a new television transmitter was required to be built as well
Military
By 1964, the RAF had four main military radar units.
Hack Green, near Baddington in south Cheshire
RAF Boulmer, on the Northumberland coast
RAF Sopley in south-west Hampshire
RAF Bishops Court, near Killard Point, near Downpatrick, County Down, in Northern Ireland
European central air traffic control
On Thursday 9 June 1960, Britain, France, Belgium, Italy, Luxembourg, West Germany and Holland decided to coordinate air traffic control as jet aircraft were much quicker, to prevent collisions.
On Friday 20 December 1968, an agreement was signed to build Europe's first international control centre at Maastricht, to open in 1972, called the Maastricht Automatic Data Processing system or MADAP, which is now called the Maastricht Upper Area Control Centre; for the site, Plessey would build two computers, the controllers' consoles and a radar distribution unit. In 1981, the first computer data link between LATCC at West Drayton and Eurocontrol was established, followed by Brest Airport and Reims in 1986 and Paris in 1987; advanced boundary information (ABI) began in late 1990.
Eurocontrol, established on 1 March 1964, had been initially set up for eventually becoming a Europe-wide full air traffic control system, but individual countries could not together form agreements for this to fully happen; this meant that by the late 1980s Eurocontrol oversaw only flights above 25,000 feet over the Netherlands, Belgium and part of West Germany.
Much of European air traffic control is run on the CIMACT software package. The Single European Sky was created in the late 1990s, being official from 2001.
See also
List of aviation, avionics, aerospace and aeronautical abbreviations
Timeline of British military aviation
References
Air traffic control in the United Kingdom
Aviation history of the United Kingdom
History of air traffic control
Kamskaya Peak () is, at , the highest peak of Dekefjellet Mountain in the Weyprecht Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was discovered and plotted from air photos by the Third German Antarctic Expedition, 1938–39, and was mapped from air photos and surveys by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956–60. it was remapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, and possibly named after the Kama River in Russia.
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
St Saviour's Church is a Church of England parish church in Larkhall, Bath, Somerset England.
The church was founded by Archdeacon Charles Moysey in 1824 following the Church Building Act 1824. St Saviour's is one of three Commissioners' churches in Bath and one of six hundred nationally.
The church was constructed between 1829 and 1832 probably by architect John Pinch the younger based on a design by his father, John Pinch the elder. The church was later expanded in 1882 when a chancel was added
by architect C.E. Davis.
The church's crypt was opened in 1832. In October 1832, Rear-Admiral Volant Vashon Ballard was the first person to be interred in the crypt. More than 200 people were buried at the church before the burial grounds were closed in 1891. Subsequent burials took place in Locksbrook Cemetery until 1937.
The church is currently led by The Reverend Michael Norman who has been rector since 1998.
References
External links
Official website
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Churches in Bath, Somerset
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1832
Commissioners' church buildings
Bath, St Saviour's Church
Bath, St Saviour's Church
Abdolrahman Faramarzi (born 11 August 1897 – died 11 July 1972) was an Iranian journalist, writer, educator, deputy of parliament (the majles) and poet. He was born in Gachuyeh, Faramarzan, Bastak, Hormozgan Province and died in the capital Tehran. Together with Mostafa Mesbahzadeh, Faramarzi co-founded Kayhan newspaper. Faramarzi was buried in the Behesht-e Zahra cemetery in Tehran.
Faramarzi was also the founder of the short-lived Bahram newspaper.
References
Notes
References
1897 births
1972 deaths
People from Hormozgan Province
20th-century Iranian writers
Iranian journalists
Iranian educators
20th-century Iranian poets
20th-century Iranian educators
Burials at Behesht-e Zahra
20th-century journalists
is a Japanese surname. People with this surname include:
, Japanese woodblock print artist
, Japanese actress
, pseudonym of a Japanese erotica artist
Fictional characters with this surname include:
, character in 2017 video game Danganronpa V3
Japanese-language surnames
Knockboy (An Cnoc Buí in Irish, meaning Yellow Mountain) is a 706-metre-high mountain on the border between counties Cork and Kerry in Ireland.
Geography
Knockboy is the highest peak in the Shehy mountain range and the highest mountain in County Cork with its summit shared with County Kerry. It is the 104th highest peak in Ireland.
Geology
The mountain is composed of sandstone laid down in the Devonian period which was subsequently uplifted to form a mountain range, before being eroded into its present form by glaciers during the last ice age.
See also
List of Irish counties by highest point
Lists of mountains in Ireland
List of mountains of the British Isles by height
List of P600 mountains in the British Isles
List of Marilyns in the British Isles
List of Hewitt mountains in England, Wales and Ireland
References
Irish Walk Guides 1: South West. Seán Ó Súilleabháin, 1978.
Hewitts of Ireland
Marilyns of Ireland
Mountains and hills of County Cork
Mountains and hills of County Kerry
Highest points of Irish counties
Mountains under 1000 metres
Albert Johnson (7 September 1923 – December 1989) was an English professional footballer who played as a full back.
Career
Born in Morpeth, Johnson signed for Bradford City in January 1947 from Ashington, leaving the club in 1950 to sign for Kettering Town. During his time with Bradford City he made 35 appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1923 births
1989 deaths
English footballers
Ashington A.F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Kettering Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
Kenneth Franzheim was an architect in Chicago and Boston in the early 1920s with C. Howard Crane. He started an independent practice in New York in 1925 and specialized in the design of large commercial buildings and airports.
Franzheim became a major commercial architect in mid-century Houston after moving his offices to the city in 1937. Franzheim was one of the architects involved designing Humble Tower, the Prudential Building (Houston), Texas National Bank building (Houston) and Bank of the Southwest (Houston) building. His best-known building was the Foley's Department Store downtown location (demolished). It had six floors before it was expanded to nine in 1957, and included windowless retail space suspended at street level above a first-floor window-wall and canopy with a streamlined interior by famed industrial designer Raymond Loewy. In 1950 the building received an Award of Merit from the AIA. Franzheim also designed 275 Madison Avenue and several other buildings in New York City.
John Zemanek and Eugene Werlin worked at the firm early in their careers. There are plans to add oral interviews with both Zemanek and Werlin in which they discuss Franzheim's influence to the digital library at the University of Houston.
One of Franzheim's most enduring legacies is the development of Fairlington in Arlington, VA. Franzheim was the primary architect of this WW2-era housing development a few miles south of the Pentagon, which is today a high-end, private housing development.
Prudential / HMB building
The Houston Main Building (HMB) formerly the Prudential Building, was a skyscraper in the Texas Medical Center, Houston, Texas. It originally housed offices of the Prudential Insurance Company, before becoming a part of the MD Anderson Cancer Center. The building was demolished on January 8, 2012.
References
External links
Franzheim, Kenneth - Handbook of Texas
20th-century American architects
Architects from Houston
Hypochrosis binexata is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Francis Walker in 1863. It is found in Borneo, Peninsular Malaysia, Sumatra and Thailand.
Larvae have been reared on Theobroma cacao.
External links
Hypochrosini
Ennominae
Moths of Borneo
Evgeny Andreyevich Tishchenko (; born 15 July 1991) is a Russian professional boxer. As an amateur he won gold medals at the 2016 Olympics, 2015 World Championships, and the 2015 and 2017 European Championships and silver at the 2013 and 2017 World Championships.
Amateur career
Tishchenko was born in the village of Kanevskaya, Krasnodar Krai, but later moved to Belgorod. He is trained under the sports school of Ivan Levichev. At the school level, he did not show significant results. Tishchenko became a member of the Russian national team in 2009.
He began competing among seniors in 2010 and twice won bronze medals at the Russian championships, losing the semifinals to Egor Mekhontsev in 2010 and to Nikita Ivanov in 2011. In addition, he took gold in the Youth European Championships U23 in Kaliningrad. In 2012, Tishchenko became the Russian National champion in heavyweight category. A year later, he would win the gold medal at the 2013 Summer Universiade. He won silver medal at the 2013 World Championships in Almaty, losing in the finals to twice Olympic silver medalist, Italian Clemente Russo.
In 2014, Tishchenko again won the Russian National championships, beating in finals; then European champion Aleksei Yegorov. He competed at the 2015 European Championships in Samokov, Bulgaria taking gold in heavyweight category. In October, he would repeat his success; winning the gold at the 2015 World Championships in Doha, Qatar, defeating Erislandy Savón of Cuba in the finals.
In the 2016 Olympics he again won a gold medal after defeating Kazakhstan's Vasily Levit on a controversial unanimous decision in the final. The final and medal ceremony saw angry crowd reactions.
Professional boxing career
Tischenko made his professional debut against Williams Ocando on 19 August 2018. He won the fight by a fifth-round technical knockout. Tischenko next faced Artush Sarkisyan on 13 October 2018. He won the fight by unanimous decision, with all three judges scoring the fight 60–54 in his favor. A month and a half later, on 24 November 2018, Tischenko faced Christian Mariscal. He won the fight by a second-round technical knockout, stopping Mariscal at the midway point of the round. Tischenko faced Jose Gregorio Ulrich in his fourth professional bout, which was scheduled for 22 February 2019. He won the fight by unanimous decision, with all three judges scoring the fight 80–72 for him.
Tischenko was booked to face the 16–1–1 Abraham Tabul for the vacant WBO Inter-Continental cruiserweight title on 16 June 2019. The fight was scheduled for the undercard of the Dmitry Kudryashov and Ilunga Makabu cruiserweight bout, and was broadcast by Match TV. Tischenko made quick work of his opponent, as he won the fight by a first-round knockout. Tischenko made his first WBO Inter-Continental title defense against Issa Akberbayev on 2 November 2019. Akberbayev retired from the bout at the end of the sixth round.
Tischenko faced John McCallum for the vacant WBO European cruiserweight title on 7 November 2020, on the undercard of the Magomed Kurbanov and Dmitry Mikhaylenko super welterweight bout. He won the fight by a second-round knockout, stopping McCallum with a left hook to he body. Tischenko next challenged the WBC Silver cruiserweight champion Thabiso Mchunu on 27 March 2021, in a bout which was both for the title and a WBC cruiserweight title eliminator. He lost the fight by unanimous decision, with scores of 117-111, 117-111 and 119-109.
Tischenko was scheduled to challenge the reigning WBA (Regular) cruiserweight champion Ryad Merhy on 26 March 2022, at the RCC Boxing Academy in Yekaterinburg, Russia. The WBA withdrew its sanctioning of the fight, and does not recognize Tishchenko in its current ranking.
Personal life
Tishchenko has a degree in physical education from Belgorod State University. He has also studied at the Belgorod Technological University and Moscow State Mining University. He works as a police officer in Saint Petersburg. He was awarded a medal by the government after the Olympics.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Evgeniy Tishchenko at World Series of Boxing
Evgeniy Tishchenko at The-Sports.org
1991 births
Living people
Heavyweight boxers
World boxing champions
Russian male boxers
People from Kanevskoy District
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Olympic boxers of Russia
Boxers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in boxing
Olympic gold medalists for Russia
Universiade medalists in boxing
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Sportspeople from Krasnodar Krai
Moscow State Mining University alumni
Pontixanthobacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
References
Sphingomonadales
Bacteria genera
Ole Christian Hammerfjell Sæter (born 30 March 1996) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a striker for Rosenborg.
Career
Sæter first caught the attention of Rosenborg when he played for Ranheim in 2020.
Sæter then later joined Rosenborg in January 2021. He made his first-team debut on 30 May 2021 when he came on as a substitute in Rosenborg's Eliteserien match against Stabæk.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Profile at RBK.no
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Trondheim
Norwegian footballers
Nardo FK players
Ranheim Fotball players
Rosenborg BK players
Ullensaker/Kisa IL players
Norwegian Third Division players
Norwegian Second Division players
Norwegian First Division players
Eliteserien players
Association football forwards
Rawdat Egdaim (; also spelled Rawdat Ekdaim) is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan.
In the 2015 census it was listed as a district of Zone 51, which has a population of 56,027 and also includes Izghawa, Gharrafat Al Rayyan, Al Gharrafa, Al Seej, Bani Hajer and Al Themaid.
It is bordered to the south by Bani Hajer and to the east by Gharrafat Al Rayyan. To the north is Umm Salal Municipality.
Etymology
The first word of the district's name has its roots in the Arabic term "rawda", which means "a fertile depression that is usually rich in vegetation". Typically, these depressions are excellent sites for grazing livestock. "Egdaim", the second part of the name, is an alternate spelling of "aqdaim", which itself originates from "qadam", the Arabic word for "foot". This name was bestowed on the area because the rawda has a foot-like shape.
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
U.D.A.U.F.L. is the acronym for Underground Dance Artists United For Life, a collaboration of Dance music acts put together by the producer duo known as Blaze.
The acts that make up this project are Kenny Bobien, Joi Cardwell, Arnold Jarvis, Ultra Nate, Byron Stingily, Barbara Tucker, Dawn Tallman, Michelle Weeks, Darryl D'Bonneau, Sabrynaah Pope, Stephanie Cooke and Keith Thompson [(Joe Adams)].
In 2005, the project, along with Tucker and Blaze, scored a number-one track on the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart with "Most Precious Love". This would be Pope's last song that she would record as part of the project (as one of the backing chorus vocals) before her death on September 24, 2005.
See also
List of number-one dance hits (United States)
List of artists who reached number one on the US Dance chart
American dance music groups
American electronic music groups
The Return of Wild Bill is a 1940 American Western film directed by Joseph H. Lewis and written by Robert Lee Johnson and Fred Myton. The film stars Wild Bill Elliott, Iris Meredith, George Lloyd, Luana Walters, Edward LeSaint and Frank LaRue. The film was released on June 27, 1940, by Columbia Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Wild Bill Elliott as Wild Bill Saunders
Iris Meredith as Sammy Lou Griffin
George Lloyd as Matt Kilgore
Luana Walters as Kate Kilgore
Edward LeSaint as Lige Saunders
Frank LaRue as Ole Mitch
Francis Walker as Jake Kilgore
Chuck Morrison as Bart
Dub Taylor as Cannonball
Buel Bryant as Mike
William Kellogg as Hep
John Ince as Sam Griffin
Jack Rockwell as Sheriff
John Merton as Dusty Donahue
Donald Haines as Bobby
References
External links
1940 films
1940s English-language films
American Western (genre) films
1940 Western (genre) films
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Joseph H. Lewis
American black-and-white films
1940s American films
Swiss Steam Laundry Building, also known as the Swiss Building, is a historic loft building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It is a Romanesque Revival-style six-story structure. The façade is dominated by two five-story arched bays each consisting of tripartite fenestration at the corners and a cast iron storefront with an ornamental scroll and egg-and-dart molding at the cornice. The interior of the building features iron columns and wood flooring. The first two floors are 20 feet high. The third and fourth floors are 16 feet high, while the uppermost floors are 10 feet high. It was built in 1895 as a manufacturers' laundry.
Swiss Steam Laundry Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
External links
, including photo from 2004, at Maryland Historical Trust
Buildings and structures in Baltimore
Downtown Baltimore
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Baltimore
Industrial buildings completed in 1895
Maravić () is a surname found in Serbia and Croatia.
Notable people with the surname include:
Dušan Maravić, Serbian footballer
Marko Maravić, Slovenian basketball player
See also
Maravich
Serbian surnames
Peter Mahon was an Irish Anglican priest.
Browne was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. He held livings at Killuken and Tumna. He was appointed Archdeacon of Elphin in 1683 and Dean in 1700. He died in 1739.
References
Archdeacons of Elphin
Deans of Elphin
17th-century Irish Anglican priests
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
1739 deaths
The blackish tapaculo (Scytalopus latrans) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
The blackish tapaculo was originally described by Hellmayr as a species. Later it was reclassified as a subspecies of unicolored tapaculo (Scytalopus unicolor) and later still returned to full species status. There are two subspecies, the "blackish" S. l. latrans and the "Pacific" S. l. subcinereus. The latter is sometimes considered to be a separate species. The former "Peruvian" subspecies S. l. intermedius has been elevated to species status as Utcubamba tapaculo by the International Ornithological Congress (IOC).
Description
The blackish tapaculo is approximately long. Males weigh and females . The male of the "blackish" subspecies is dark to very dark gray and the female is dark gray, sometimes with an olive wash. The juvenile is not well known but is believed to be dull brown. The "Pacific" subspecies male is black while the female is gray, darker above and lighter below, with brown flanks. The juvenile is brown.
Distribution and habitat
The "blackish" subspecies of blackish tapaculo inhabits both slopes and interior ranges of the Andes from western Venezuela through Colombia and Ecuador to northern Peru. The "Pacific" subspecies inhabits the western slope of the Andes of southwest Ecuador and northwest Peru. The species is believed to be sedentary.
The blackish tapaculo is found in the understory of moist montane forest at elevations between . Typical vegetative associations include Chusquea bamboo and Polylepis scrub. It also inhabits other shrubs, swampy areas, and second growth.
Behavior
Feeding
The blackish tapaculo feeds on and near the ground, gleaning soil, moss, foliage, and stems for small arthropods.
Breeding
Very little is known about the blackish tapaculo's breeding phenology. The one known nest was globular and in an earthen bank covered with clubmoss and ferns.
Status
The IUCN has rated the blackish tapaculo as of The Least Concern.
References
blackish tapaculo
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
blackish tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vahdat District (also spelled Vakhdat (), ) is a former district of the Districts of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan, called Kofarnihon District until the introduction of a new administrative division in the end of 2003. During the Soviet period it was named Ordzhonikidzeabad district in honor of Georgian communist Grigoriy Ordzhonikidze. It extends east of Dushanbe along the southern slopes of the Gissar Range, bordering on Varzob District from the west and Rasht District from the east. Its long southern border runs (from west to east) along Khatlon Province and then Faizobod, Roghun, and Nurobod districts. The district capital Vahdat (formerly Ordzhonikidzeabad) is placed off-center at the extreme southwest of the district, just 10 km east of Dushanbe. Around 2018, the district was merged into the city of Vahdat.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided administratively into jamoats. They are as follows (and population).
Notes
References
Former districts of Tajikistan
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1927 season.
Overview
It was contested by 4 teams, and Olimpija won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
Lat
Lat
Football
Osyozu-ike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 3.6 km2. The dam impounds about 10 ha of land when full and can store 712 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1969.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1969 establishments in Japan
Nakfa may refer to:
the currency of Eritrea, see Eritrean nakfa
a town in Eritrea, see Nakfa, Eritrea
a district in Eritrea, see Nakfa District
Trefarthen is a village in the community of Llanidan, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 125.6 miles (202.1 km) from Cardiff and 209.2 miles (336.7 km) from London.
Of historical and archaeological interest are a Georgian mansion and the possible site of a 16th-century house.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Piyush Sadhu (20 May 1977 – 23 February 2014) was an Indian cricketer. He played two first-class matches for Vidarbha in 1997/98. He died of multiple organ failure following severe jaundice.
References
External links
1977 births
2014 deaths
Indian cricketers
Vidarbha cricketers
Cricketers from Nagpur
Deaths from multiple organ failure
Binocular Dysphoria is a hypothesized condition where the brain adapts to an alternative way of perceiving depth cues. 3-D films, televisions, virtual reality headsets, and other devices simulate the experience of three dimensions through stereoscopic techniques, presenting slightly different images to the left and right eyes. Through stereo vision, the primary cue for human depth perception, the brain interprets the images as being in three dimensions. However, current technology does not allow the displays to simulate the many other cues to depth perception, so most viewers ignore those cues while viewing 3D displays. Virtual Reality researcher Mark Pesce argues, citing research in Japan, Britain, and America, that there is an adjustment period after watching simulated 3D during which vision is impaired, and that overconsumption of 3D content could lead to increased risk of accidents or even permanent impairment. Pesce says that an unreleased product safety study by Sega led the company to cancel the release of a head-mounted display for the Sega Genesis in the mid 1990s.
At present there is no peer reviewed evidence of this condition.
References
Visual disturbances and blindness
Nicolás Agustín Gómez (born 3 December 1992) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for Club Comunicaciones.
Career
Gómez's career started with River Plate. He represented them at the 2012 U-20 Copa Libertadores in Peru, which they won with Gómez appearing five times and scoring once; versus Corinthians. Gómez made his senior debut in April 2013, featuring for thirty-seven minutes of a Copa Argentina defeat to Primera B Metropolitana's Estudiantes (BA). He subsequently appeared on their substitutes bench for four fixtures in the 2012–13 Argentine Primera División season. In January 2015, Gómez completed a loan move to Barracas Central. His bow came on 11 April versus Almagro, which one of three games for the club.
In 2016, Gómez joined Güemes of Torneo Federal A. Ten appearances followed, along with relegation to Torneo Federal B; where he played sixteen times and netted three goals. A stint with Deportivo Paraguayo then occurred, prior to the midfielder signing with San Jorge. He was sent off during his debut, receiving a straight red card after sixty-three minutes of a win away to Concepción. Having participated in nine matches across two campaigns with San Jorge, Gómez departed to fellow Torneo Federal A outfit Estudiantes on 24 July 2018.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
Nicolás Gómez at BDFA
1992 births
Living people
People from Santiago del Estero
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Primera B Metropolitana players
Torneo Federal A player
Torneo Argentino A player
Torneo Argentino B players
Primera D Metropolitana players
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Barracas Central players
Deportivo Paraguayo footballers
San Jorge de Tucumán footballers
Club Cipolletti footballers
Estudiantes de Río Cuarto footballers
Club Comunicaciones footballers
Sportspeople from Santiago del Estero Province
V O Chidambaranar park and zoo (abbreviated VOC park) is a zoological garden and amusement park located in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. As of 2013, the park houses around 890 animals including 335 birds, 106 mammals and 54 reptiles. The park is named after freedom fighter V O Chidambaram Pillai and is managed by Coimbatore city Corporation.
Park and grounds
There is a park, children's play area and ground associated with the zoo. The park also has a toy train, Jurassic Park and aquarium. This Park also holds the memory of the 2017 Jallikattu protest conducted by the youngsters in Coimbatore which was one of the biggest protests conducted in the state of Tamil Nadu after the country's independence. The grounds are used for conducting fairs and events including the annual Independence day and Republic day celebrations. The park has over 200 species of trees including Sandalwood. A rosy pelican hatchling was born in the zoo after 14 yrs, this species is known to have a low fertility rate.
Exhibits
The park has 29 species of mammals, birds including rosy pelican, Sarus Crane, Adjutant Stork, night heron and reptiles.
Animals at the park as of 31 March 2017 include:
Gallery
References
Amusement parks in Tamil Nadu
Tourist attractions in Coimbatore
Zoos in Tamil Nadu
The white-bearded flycatcher (Phelpsia inornata) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is the only member of the genus Phelpsia. It is found in Colombia and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and heavily degraded former forest.
References
white-bearded flycatcher
Birds of Venezuela
white-bearded flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Ministry of Justice, Human Rights and Cults of Ecuador is the State portfolio in charge of justice in Ecuador. It was created on November 15, 2007 during the presidency of Rafael Correa. The Ministry was created in view of the need for a "coordinated and joint work of all justice operators, whose objective is to optimize the plans and projects of the judicial function, the Public Ministry, the Social Rehabilitation Directorate and other institutions related to the justice system." Its purpose, according to its official site, having achieved "the full observance of human rights" by 2017.
List of ministers
Gustavo Jalkh (2007–2009)
Néstor Arbito Chica (2009–2010)
José Serrano Salgado (2010–2011)
Johana Pesántez (2011–2013)
Lenin Lara (2013)
Ledy Zúñiga Rocha (2014–2017) [1st female]
Rosana Alvarado (2017–2021)
Bernarda Ordóñez Moscoso (2021–present)
See also
Justice ministry
Ministerio de Justicia (Ecuador) [Ministry of Justice (Ecuador)]
Politics of Ecuador
References
Justice ministries
Government of Ecuador
KOSC (89.9 FM) is a non-commercial radio station licensed to Angwin, California, United States, and serving the Santa Rosa area. The station broadcasts a classical music format as a full-time simulcast of KDFC in San Francisco. It is owned by the University of Southern California. KDFC is the radio home of the San Francisco Symphony and the San Francisco Opera.
History
KANG went on the air in 1961 at 88.1 MHz, moving to 89.9 in January 1968. The station's call letters later changed to KPRN (1981 to 1983), KCDS (1983 to 1998), and KNDL (1998 to 2011). Throughout most of this time, the frequency and station were owned by the Howell Mountain Broadcasting Company, then a subsidiary of Pacific Union College.
Howell Mountain operated the station as "user supported Christian" with no commercials. The station also broadcast on the Internet. The KNDL call letters represented the station branding as The Candle. This is a reference to themes from the Bible such as "Jesus is the Light of the World", and "We should not hide that light, but should put our light where it is visible to the world."
On January 18, 2011, KNDL ceased operation of its religious format upon the announcement of the purchase of the station by the University of Southern California's Classical Public Radio Network. That same day, the group switched KNDL and its translators to a simulcast of KDFC in San Francisco, which moved to the 90.3 MHz signal also acquired by USC. On April 5, 2011, the deal closed, and KNDL officially changed its call sign to KDFC.
On May 1, 2017, the radio station swapped its call sign with 90.3 FM in San Francisco to become KOSC. The San Francisco station became KDFC.
Programming
KDFC broadcasts classical music 24 hours a day, and morning drive hours also feature short news and traffic updates by Hoyt Smith. Programming features include: the Big One @ 1 at 1 p.m., the Island of Sanity at 5 p.m., and the Classical Giant at 10 at 10pm. The San Francisco Symphony airs Tuesday nights at 8 p.m.
KDFC's self-described approach to the classical format includes special programming and promotions such as the "KDFC World Tour" (the music of a different country, every hour); "History on Shuffle"; (fantasy iPod sets of famous people through history); and the "KDFC Classical Star Search" talent contest.
In addition to FM and SHOUTcast MP3 streaming, KDFC was the first radio station in the country to broadcast in digital HD Radio, offering a secondary HD Radio channel, KDFC-2, featuring longer classical pieces and vocal works, without commercials on their former 102.1 FM frequency.
A multiple winner of the award for public service, KDFC is an active partner to arts groups and an active advocate for music education. Proceeds from the station's annual CD sampler, and the annual 'Music Educator of the Year' support and celebrate public school music programs.
Additional frequencies
In addition to KOSC, the programming of KDFC is transmitted by these stations and translators to widen its broadcast area.
KDFC — 90.3 FM, licensed to San Francisco, California
KXSC — 104.9 FM, licensed to Sunnyvale, California
KDFG — 103.9 FM, licensed to Seaside, California
K212AA — 90.3 FM, licensed to Los Gatos, California
K223AJ — 92.5 FM, licensed to Lakeport, California
References
External links
Classical music radio stations in the United States
Napa County, California
OSC
NPR member stations
Radio stations established in 1981
1981 establishments in California
University of Southern California
All Your Dead Ones () is a 2011 Colombian drama film directed by Carlos Moreno. The film won an award for cinematography at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival.
Cast
John Alex Castillo
Harold Devasten
Jorge Herrera
Martha Marquez
Alvaro Rodríguez as Salvador
References
External links
2011 films
2010s Spanish-language films
2010s mystery drama films
Colombian drama films
2011 drama films
Lespezi is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Buda, Bursuc-Deal, Bursuc-Vale, Dumbrava, Heci and Lespezi.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Northwestern Tasmanian, or Peerapper ("Pirapa"), is an aboriginal language of Tasmania in the reconstruction of Claire Bowern. It was spoken along the west coast of the island, from Macquarie Harbour north to Circular Head and Robbins Island.
Northwestern Tasmanian is poorly attested from four word lists: The "west coast" vocabularies of Charles Robinson and George Augustus Robinson, with 246 words combined; the Robbins Island list of George Augustus Robinson, with 162 words; and the Macquarie Harbour vocabularies of Allan Cunningham (222 words), collected in 1819.
The list collected by George Augustus Robinson at West Point ("Western Tribes") is divergent, and falls out as a separate language in Bowern. However, it includes only 28 words, so little can be definitively said.
References
Western Tasmanian languages
Languages extinct in the 19th century
Jerdon's bush chat (Saxicola jerdoni) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
The common name commemorates the surgeon-naturalist Thomas C. Jerdon.
Distribution
The Jerdon's bush chat has an extremely large range and is native to Bangladesh, China, India, Laos, Nepal, Thailand and Vietnam. The species is possibly extinct in Myanmar.
The Sukla Phanta National Park in Nepal represents the western limit of its distribution.
References
External links
BirdLife International: Jerdon's Bushchat
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of Jerdon's bush chat
Jerdon's bush chat
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
Jerdon's bush chat
Jerdon's bush chat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Milk immunity is the protection provided to immune system of an infant via the biologically active components in milk, typically provided by the infant's mother.
Mammalian milk
All mammalian milk contains water, sugar, fat, vitamins, and protein with the variation within and between species and individuals differing mainly in the amount of these components. Other than the variation in quantity of these components, not a lot is known about bio-active or immune-modulating factors in many mammalian species. However, in comparison to other mammalian milk, human milk has the most oligosaccharide diversity.
Bovine milk
Ruminant mothers do not transfer immunity to their infants during pregnancy, which makes milk the first introduction to maternal immunity calves receive. Bovine milk contains both immunoglobulins A and G, but in contrast to human milk where IgA is the most abundant, IgG is more abundant. Secretory Component, IgM, both anti-inflammatory and inflammatory cytokines, and other proteins with antimicrobial functions are also present in bovine milk.
Human milk
Avian crop milk
Crop milk is a secretion from the crop of a bird that is regurgitated to feed their offspring. Birds that produce this secretion include pigeons, flamingos, emperor penguins, and doves. Pigeon milk contains some immune-modulating factors such as microbes and IgA, as well as other components with similar biological activities to mammalian milk including pigeon growth factor, and transferrin.
References
Breastfeeding
Immunology
Milk
Bolt gun or boltgun may refer to:
Captive bolt pistol, a device used for stunning animals before slaughter
A firearm with a bolt action
A fictional rock climbing implement featured in the 1993 movie Cliffhanger
A fictional heavy caliber firearm used by Space Marines in the Warhammer 40,000 universes
Australian band from Fremantle, Western Australia
Edward North (March 9, 1820 – September 13, 1903) was an American educator and classicist who taught ancient languages, primarily Greek, at Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, for 58 years. He was notable as a teacher, and affectionately known as "Old Greek" to his students.
Early life and career
Born in Berlin, Connecticut to a prosperous Connecticut Valley farming family, North attended local schools and then enrolled at Hamilton, where an uncle, Simeon North, was a professor and later president. He graduated first in his class in 1841, and after working briefly as a private tutor and law clerk, became the principal of a grammar school in Clinton. In 1843, at only 23 years old, he was called back to his alma mater as a professor of ancient languages. As was typical of American college teachers before the mid-nineteenth century, North did not hold an advanced degree.
Teaching and service
In 1862, North was appointed Robinson Professor of Greek, a chair he held until his retirement in 1901. North's main area of interest and expertise was ancient Greek poetry and drama, particularly the work of Theocritus, a bucolic poet of the third century BC whom he greatly admired and enjoyed teaching to his students. He did not publish original research, but was active in a number of scholarly associations and lectured locally and throughout New York state on issues related to history, religion, education, and classical studies.
In recognition of his service to higher education in New York, North received honorary doctoral degrees from the New York state Board of Regents in 1869, and from Madison University (later renamed Colgate) in 1887.
During his one and only leave from the College in 1871-72, North served as secretary to the American legation in Athens, where he visited a number of ancient sites and befriended the renowned German archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann.
North is credited with creating the still-observed Hamilton tradition of the "Half-Century Annalist's Letter," a reminiscence of college life "50 years ago" composed each year by an elected member of the 50th reunion class, and which has become an important ongoing record of the College's history, particularly from a student perspective. Beginning in the 1860's, North would also craft a brief, epigrammatic motto in Greek for each incoming class, many of which are still visible inscribed on older monuments around the Hamilton campus.
Following his death in 1903, the Hamilton trustees renamed the Robinson professorship in North's honor. The chair's first incumbent was North's student and successor, Edward Fitch (1864-1946), who had received a doctorate in classical philology at Göttingen in 1896 supervised by Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff.
References
External links
Database of Classical Scholars, s.v. North, Edward
1820 births
1903 deaths
Scholars of Greek language
Classics educators
Hamilton College (New York) faculty
People from Berlin, Connecticut
Hamilton College (New York) alumni
Language teachers
Bartolomé Ruiz (c. 1482 in Moguer, Spain – c. 1532 in Cajamarca, Peru) was a Spanish conquistador. He started his career as Christopher Columbus's pilot, before joining Francisco Pizarro and Diego de Almagro on their conquest of Peru. Ruiz was a member of the Famous Thirteen. He is also the first European to see Ecuador, and the first to land and begin European exploration there.
Career
Ruiz's first known job in the Americas was piloting for Lorenzo de Aldana, exploring the coastal regions of Panama. In 1524 he piloted for Francisco Pizarro and Diego de Almagro and their army of 160 men, invading Colombia. Ruiz fought Indians alongside Almagro when Almagro lost his eye to an arrow.
Ruiz next sailed to Ecuador, becoming the first European to explore the Santiago River, Puma Lagartos, Point Oysters, the islands of Corcovado, and Cape San Francisco – named in honor of Pizarro. He continued on to the nose of Jamaica, the tip Palmar, and the town of San Juan de Coaques.
When Pizarro drew his famous line in the sand at Isla del Gallo, Bartolomé Ruiz was the first of the famous thirteen to cross the line. He piloted the expedition that established the "Nueva Valencia" fort in September 1527 at Tumbes.
On July 26, 1529, Pizarro signed the capitulation with the Holy Roman Emperor Charles V in Toledo. It awarded Bartolomé Ruiz the title and honors, "Hidalgo, Knight of the Golden Spur, Pilot of the South Sea," and a salary of 75,000 maravedis per year, and perpetual Regent of Tumbes. He also won the title of Clerk of Tumbes for his children.
After the Incan Emperor Atahualpa was captured at Cajamarca in 1532, Ruiz arrived with three ships to reinforce the Spanish. In Cajamarca he caught fever and died quickly at the age of 50.
References
1482 births
1532 deaths
Spanish conquistadors
Explorers of Chile
Explorers of South America
People from Huelva
William Grant Bangerter (June 8, 1918 – April 18, 2010) was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1975 until his death.
Bangerter was born in Granger, Utah. From 1939 to 1941, he served as a Mormon missionary in Brazil. After his mission he graduated from the University of Utah and became a building contractor.
In the LDS Church, Bangerter served as a bishop in Granger and was later president of the church's North Jordan Stake. From 1958 to 1963, Bangerter was president of the church's Brazilian Mission. After serving in Brazil, he became a regional representative. In 1974, he became the first president of the church's Portugal Lisbon Mission. In 1975, he became an Assistant to the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. In 1976, when the position of Assistant to the Twelve was abolished, Bangerter became a member of the First Quorum of the Seventy. He twice served as a member of the Presidency of the Seventy, from 1978 to 1980 and from 1985 to 1989. In 1989, he was designated as an emeritus general authority and released from active duties.
From 1990 to 1993, Bangerter was president of the Jordan River Utah Temple. He later worked in the Mount Timpanogos Utah Temple and from 2003 until his death was a patriarch in the Alpine Utah West Stake.
Family
Bangerter is the father of 11 children. In 1944, he married Mildred Lee Schwantes, with whom he had four children. Mildred died of leukemia in 1952. In 1953, Bangerter married Geraldine Hamblin and they became the parents of seven children.
Bangerter is the elder brother of Norman H. Bangerter, who was governor of Utah from 1985 to 1993. He is the father of Julie B. Beck, who served as the general president of the church's Relief Society from 2007 to 2012.
References
"Elder William Grant Bangerter: Assistant to the Council of the Twelve", Ensign, May 1975
"Elder W. Grant Bangerter of the Presidency of the First Quorum of the Seventy," Ensign, November 1978, pp. 96–97
Lynn Arave, "Elder William Grant Bangerter dies at 91", Deseret News, 2010-04-19
External links
1918 births
2010 deaths
20th-century Mormon missionaries
Assistants to the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles
Members of the First Quorum of the Seventy (LDS Church)
Mission presidents (LDS Church)
American Mormon missionaries in Brazil
American Mormon missionaries in Portugal
Patriarchs (LDS Church)
People from Alpine, Utah
People from West Valley City, Utah
Presidents of the Seventy (LDS Church)
Temple presidents and matrons (LDS Church)
University of Utah alumni
American general authorities (LDS Church)
Raymond Rowe (9 December 1913 – 14 May 1995) was an Australian cricketer. He played ten first-class matches for New South Wales between 1932/33 and 1933/34.
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1913 births
1995 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Cricketers from Sydney
Holidays in Anguilla are predominantly religious holidays, with a number of additional national holidays. The most important holiday in the Territory is Separation day, which celebrates the separation of the island from Saint Kitts and Nevis.
Where fixed date holidays (such as Christmas Day and Boxing Day) fall on a weekend, the holiday is taken in lieu on the next succeeding working day.
See also
List of holidays by country
References
Anguilla
Anguillan culture
Anguilla
Holidays
Liběna (also Libjena) is a female given name. Derived from the Slavic element l'ub meaning love, bonnie. Related names include Libusha, Ljuba, Lyubov, L'ubica, Ljubina. An old name is Ljubena. Pronounced LIB-yeh-nah.
Name days
Czech: 6 November
Bulgarian: 17 September
Famous bearers
Liběna Rochová, Czech fashion designer
Liběna Hlinková, wife of Czech hockey couch Ivan Hlinka
Liběna Sequardtová, Czech oboist
Liběna Skálová, Czech author
Liběna Jarolímková, Czech professor and engineer, expert in tourism industry
Liběna Kantnerová, Czech assistant's professor and engineer
Liběna Kováčová, Czech professor
Liběna Livorová-Hrkalová, Czech actress
Liběna Odstrčilová, Czech stage actress
Connection's article
Libri.cz (Czech)
External links
Liběna -> Behind the Name
Czech feminine given names
Slovak feminine given names
Angelo Morales is a Filipino international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Morales won a fours bronze medal (with Christopher Dagpin, Leo Carreon and Ronald Lising) at the 2009 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships, held in Kuala Lumpur.
Morales was selected as part of the five-man team by the Philippines for the 2012 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was held in Adelaide, Australia. In 2014, he won the Hong Kong International Bowls Classic pairs title with Christopher Dagpin.
He won a gold medal in the pairs at the Lawn bowls at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games.
References
Living people
Filipino male lawn bowls players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Southeast Asian Games medalists in lawn bowls
Competitors at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games bronze medalists for the Philippines
KKPM-CD (channel 28) is a low-power, Class A religious television station licensed to Yuba City, California, United States. Owned by One ministry, Inc., it is sister to Fort Bragg-licensed Total Living Network partner station KQSL (channel 8), San Francisco-licensed low-power stations KQTA-LD (channel 15) and KMMC-LD (channel 24), Medford, Oregon-licensed low-power stations KDSO-LD (channel 16) and its translator KDOV-LD (channel 18), Redding-licensed KDRC-LD (channel 26) and Hopland-licensed Christian alternative rock radio station KORB (88.7 FM). KKPM-CD's transmitter is located on South Sutter Butte.
In addition to religious programs on its main channel, KKPM-CD broadcasts programming from California Music Channel, Blues TV Network, Daystar, and Heartland, and retransmits KQSL and San Francisco-based ethnic station KTSF.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital channel is multiplexed:
Translators
Subchannels: San Francisco Bay Area
Translators in the San Francisco Bay Area Media market carry the following digital subchannels:
Translators
Subchannels: Monterey/Salinas
Translators in the Monterey/Salinas Media market carry the following digital subchannels:
Translators
References
External links
Low-power television stations in the United States
KPM-CD
Television channels and stations established in 1999
1999 establishments in California
Religious television stations in the United States
Daystar (TV network) affiliates
Heartland (TV network) affiliates
Karadagly (; , Qaradağlı) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tatlyarsky Selsoviet, Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 788 as of 2010. There are 12 streets.
Geography
Karadagly is located 28 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tatlyar and Padar are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Azerbaijanis live there.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Ernst-Heinrich Schmauser (18 January 1890 – 10 February 1945) was a German Nazi Reichstag deputy and SS-Obergruppenführer who was the Higher SS and Police Leader (HSSPF) in Breslau (today, Wrocław) during World War II. He was responsible for the death march from Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp, in which upwards of 25 percent of the prisoners were killed. In the last months of the war, he was captured by the Red Army and presumed killed.
Early life
Schmauser was born in Hof, Bavaria, the son of a businessman. He attended volksschule there, and then realschule in Bayreuth. After graduation, he pursued a military career. In October 1911, he joined the 11th Bavarian Infantry Regiment "von der Tann" in Regensburg. In March 1912, he transferred as an officer cadet to the 9th Royal Saxon Army's 133rd Infantry Regiment, based in Zwickau .
Schmauser trained at the Military Academy in Hanover, was commissioned a Leutnant and fought in the First World War. He was engaged in combat on the western front with the 133rd and 183rd Infantry Regiments. He was promoted to Oberleutnant and served as a company commander. He was wounded three times in battle, including being gassed. He was decorated on multiple occasions, receiving the Iron Cross, 1st and 2nd class, the Silver Wound Badge, and the Knight's Cross of the Order of Albert (Second Class) with Swords. On 9 November 1915, he received the Knight's Cross of the Military-St. Heinrich's Order. Following Schmauser's demobilization in February 1919, he was promoted to Hauptmann and given permission to continue wearing the uniform of the 133rd Infantry Regiment.
From 1919 to 1933, Schmauser worked in banking as a cashier in Zwickau. It was a temporary career path which he considered beneath his social standing. He married in 1921, and had two children by his wife. Schmauser joined the early Nazi Party in 1921, and was head of the Sturmabteilung (SA) in Zwickau. When the Party and SA were banned in the wake of the Beer Hall Putsch in November 1924, he joined the right-wing conservative voting alliance known as the Völkisch-Social Bloc. He was sporadically active on the political scene as were many other former military officers in the wake of the collapsing Weimar economy.
Nazi Party membership and political career
In early March 1930, Schmauser rejoined the Nazi Party (Party membership number: 215,704). As an early Party member, he would later be awarded the Golden Party Badge. He also rejoined the SA at that time.
In the Reichstag elections of July 1932, Schmauser was elected as a Nazi deputy from electoral constituency 20, Leipzig. However, in the election of November 1932, he lost his mandate. A year later, in November 1933, Schmauser returned as a deputy and served until his death in February 1945. He represented constituency 24, Upper Bavaria-Swabia (November 1933 to February 1936), and then constituency 26, Franken (March 1936 to February 1945).
Peacetime SS career
On 14 October 1930, Schmauser transferred from the SA to the SS, entering with the rank of SS-Standartenführer (SS number: 3,359). He led the local SS detachment in Zwickau. From 15 December 1930, he led the 7th SS-Standarte in Plauen and, from 27 August 1932, he headed SS-Abschnitt (District) XVI, based in Zwickau. On 15 July 1933, Schmauser, on request of Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler, took over the leadership of the SS-Gruppe "Süd", headquartered in Munich. At this time, he left his banking job and became a full-time SS officer. In November 1933, his command was renamed SS-Oberabschnitt (Main District) Süd.
The purge of the SA leadership and other enemies of the state began on 30 June 1934 in an action which became known as the Night of the Long Knives. Schmauser was considered one of the few ranking members of the SS trustworthy enough to be involved in the arrests and killings (despite his past as an SA officer). Schmauser was present when SS-Brigadeführer Theodor Eicke and SS-Obersturmbannführer Michael Lippert murdered SA-Stabschef Ernst Röhm in his cell at Stadelheim prison. On 1 April 1936, Schmauser was transferred from Munich to Nuremberg to take command of SS-Oberabschnitt "Main" and, on 20 April 1937, he was promoted to SS-Obergruppenführer.
Wartime service
During the Second World War, Schmauser performed military service with the SS-Totenkopf Division for two weeks in March 1940. On 1 May 1941, he was transferred from Nuremberg to become the Higher SS and Police Leader "Südost" in Silesia with his headquarters in Breslau. He also simultaneously held command of the SS-Oberabschnitt "Südost." Of note, the Auschwitz extermination camp was located within his jurisdiction. He remained a faithful Nazi and a consummate technocrat. A telling example is witnessed in the fact that Schmauser had no qualms about using Jewish slave labor, as he reported in April 1942 to Himmler how pleased he was to have Jews working for his operation, since workers were otherwise scarcely available. When the first gas chamber was tested at Auschwitz in the summer of 1942, Schmauser was present, as were both Himmler and Gauleiter Fritz Bracht of Upper Silesia. Himmler appointed Schmauser a General of the Waffen-SS on 1 July 1944.
Role in Auschwitz death march
Early in the summer of 1944, the SS began transferring the 130,000 prisoners at Auschwitz-Birkenau to other camps since the Red Army was moving rapidly west. By 21 December 1944 the Red Army had drawn close enough that orders were issued for Auschwitz to be totally evacuated. It was Schmauser who followed Himmler's order to expedite the camp's inmates away as he was in charge in Silesia. Not knowing exactly how to handle the matter, however, he telephoned SS-Obergruppenführer Oswald Pohl, who told him that Himmler wanted no 'healthy' prisoners left alive in the camp.
More than 56,000 prisoners were marched westwards in harsh winter conditions. In accordance with Higher Police Headquarters (HSSPF Breslau), Schmauser ensured to the best of his ability that no inmates would end up in the hands of the Soviets. Despite the fact that Schmauser instructed the guards to evacuate everyone, some inmates too sick to make the trek were just left behind. Nonetheless, camp guards shot those too weak to continue or those who failed to keep pace, which amounted to upwards of 25 percent of them. A small percentage eventually made it to the Groß-Rosen concentration camp in Lower Silesia where they were transited away westwards.
On 20 January 1945, Schmauser issued an order to murder the remaining inmates and destroy evidence of Operation Reinhard. An SS detachment shot 200 Jewish women and then blew up the buildings that housed crematoria I and II. Under order from Schmauser, 700 prisoners from Auschwitz-Birkenau and other sub-camps were killed by SS units. The 1st Ukrainian Front of the Red Army arrived on 27 January 1945 and liberated the Auschwitz concentration camp. Nearly 8,000 inmates escaped death because the remaining SS units had fled as the Red Army arrived.
Disappearance
On 10 February 1945, Schmauser was driving from Waldenburg (today, Wałbrzych) in a convoy of several vehicles when he encountered some German troops near Altenrode. They informed him that Soviet armored spearheads had already broken through. For unknown reasons, Schmauser did not heed their warnings and drove on. He went missing that date. It is believed that he fell into the hands of the Red Army and was either killed immediately or executed later in captivity. SS-Obergruppenführer Richard Hildebrandt was appointed to succeed Schmauser in his Silesian commands on 23 February 1945. Schmauser was formally declared dead, effective 31 December 1945.
SS and police ranks
See also
List of people who disappeared
List of SS-Obergruppenführer
Death marches during the Holocaust
References
Bibliography
Birn, Ruth Bettina (1986). Die Höheren SS- und Polizeiführer. Himmlers Vertreter im Reich und in den besetzten Gebieten [The Higher SS and Police Leaders. Himmler's Representatives in the Reich and in the Occupied Territories]. Düsseldorf: Droste Verlag.
Blatman, Daniel (2011). The Death Marches: The Final Phase of Nazi Genocide. Cambridge: Harvard University Press.
Butler, Rupert (2004). Hitler's Death's Head Division: SS-Totenkopf Division. South Yorkshire: Pen & Sword Books.
Campbell, Brice (2004). The SA Generals and the Rise of Nazism. Lexington: The University Press of Kentucky.
Cesarani David, ed. (2004) Holocaust. Critical Concepts in Historical Studies, vol. II. New York: Routledge. .
Długoborski, Wacław, Franciszek Piper, and Aleksander Lasik, eds. (1999). Auschwitz 1940–1945. Oswieecim, Poland: Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum, 1999.
Eltzschig, Johannes and Michael Walter, ed. (2001). The Nuremberg Medical Trial 1946/1947: Transcripts, Material of the Prosecution and Defense, Related Documents. Guide to the Microfiche-Edition. Munich: Saur Verlag. p. 140
Grieser, Utho (1974). Himmlers Mann in Nürnberg. Der Fall Benno Martin: Eine Studie zur Struktur des 3. Reiches in der "Stadt der Reichsparteitage" [Himmler's Man in Nuremberg. The Case of Benno Martin: A Study on the Structure of the Third Reich in the "City of the Party Rallies"] in (Nürnberger Werkstücke zur Stadt- und Landesgeschichte, Band 13). Nürnberg: Stadtarchiv Nürnberg Verlag.
Hilberg, Raul (1985). The Destruction of the European Jews, vol. 3. New York: Holmes and Meier. (set)
Klee, Ernst (2007). Das Personenlexikon zum Dritten Reich [The People Lexicon of the Third Reich]. Updated 2nd Edition. Frankfurt am Main: Fischer Verlag. .
Lilla, Joachim. Staatsminister, leitende Verwaltungsbeamte und (NS)-Funktionsträger in Bayern 1918 bis 1945 [Minister of State, Senior Government Officials and National Socialist Functionaries in Bavaria from 1918 to 1945]. As found in the Bayerische Landesbibliothek Online. See: Schmauser, Ernst-Heinrich
Rees, Laurence (2005). Auschwitz. Geschichte eines Verbrechens [Auschwitz: History of a Crime]. Berlin: Satz LVD.
Richter, Georg D. (1937). Der Königlich Sächsische Militär-St. Heinrichs-Orden 1736–1918, Ein Ehrenblatt der Sächsischen Armee[The Royal Saxon Military-St. Henry Medal 1736-1918, An Honorary Journal of the Saxon Army]. Dresden: Wilhelm und Bertha von Baensch-Stiftung.
Schulz, Andreas, and Dieter Zinke (2011). Deutschlands Generale und Admirale. (Teil V /Band 5). Die Generale der Waffen-SS und der Polizei, 1933-1945. (Schlake – Turner). Bissendorf: Biblio-Verlag. ASIN: B004OY0WY2
External links
Auschwitz-Birkenau Death Marches in the Jewish Virtual Library
1890 births
1940s missing person cases
1945 deaths
German military personnel killed in World War II
Holocaust perpetrators in Poland
Members of the Reichstag of Nazi Germany
Members of the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic
Missing in action of World War II
Missing person cases in Poland
People from Hof, Bavaria
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1914), 1st class
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1914), 2nd class
SS and Police Leaders
SS-Obergruppenführer
Sturmabteilung officers
Waffen-SS personnel
Dragon's beard candy (simplified Chinese:龙须糖; traditional Chinese:龍鬚糖) or Chinese cotton candy is a handmade traditional art of China. It is a traditional Chinese confectionary similar to floss halva or Western cotton candy, which can be found in many Chinese communities. Dragon's beard candy was initially created in China, but soon spread in popularity in other parts of East Asia as well as (and more recently) Canada, Turkey, Singapore, and the United States.
It has a low sugar content (19%) and low saturated fat content (2%). By comparison, cotton candy is fat free with a very high sugar content (94%). Dragon's beard candy has a very short shelf life. It is highly sensitive to moisture and tends to melt when exposed to higher temperatures, notably during warm weather.
History
According to legend, Dragon's Beard Candy was invented during the Chinese Han Dynasty by an imperial court chef who entertained the Emperor one day by performing the complicated steps in making a new confection, which involved stretching a dough-like mixture composed from rice flour into small, thin strands. These strands reminded the Emperor of a dragon's beard, and were sticky enough to adhere to one's face easily, so the concoction was named Dragon's Beard Candy. The name may also be attributed to the status of the mythical dragon as a symbol of the Chinese Emperor, so presenting the confection as Dragon's Beard Candy was deemed acceptable due to the social nature of the candy. It was reserved only for the ruling class due to the complexity of the preparation process.
Dragon's Beard Candy became a source of conflict several centuries later, however, as during the Chinese Cultural Revolution the Red Guard, acting on the orders of the Chinese Communist Party, forbade the Chinese populace to take part in activities that could be attributed to the Han Dynasty. The initial rarity of the candy, combined with government policy banning the art, made the craft of making Dragon's Beard Candy even more isolated and sparsely practiced. Nevertheless, in recent years, the art has resurfaced in tourist destinations such as street festivals, and has even spread to farther reaches of the globe through dedicated masters of the task.
Preparation
Traditionally, Dragon's Beard Candy is made from sugar and maltose syrup, although recipes based on corn syrup are now used in the United States. The main ingredients of Dragon's Beard Candy include approximately 75 grams of fine white sugar, 75 grams of peanuts, 75 grams of desiccated coconut, 38 grams of white sesame seeds, 150 grams of maltose syrup, and 1 bowl of glutinous rice flour. Due to the presence of large amounts of syrup, the candy has a very high sugar content.
For preparation of Dragon's Beard Candy, the preparer must initially boil and melt the saturated maltose solution (which may include sugar or corn syrup) for 5 minutes until thickened, followed by leaving the mixture to chill for 10 minutes until a semisolid state is reached. This resulting mass, which is somewhat flexible or elastic, is then formed into a torus. Next, the preparer must take the gooey sugar, corn syrup, or sugar cane based gel and dip it into the sugar dough. Thirdly, the gooey chunk must be shaped into a ring resembling a doughnut, the key feature being the large hole. This step must by followed by repeatedly pulling, twisting, stretching, and folding the dough over on itself, doubling the number of strands created after each repetition. While the candy is being folded, it is recommended to keep the dough covered in toasted glutinous flour to prevent it from sticking to surfaces. The dough must then be stretched into paper-thin strands, where each strand should be three to four inches long. Then, the strands should be tangled into a circular shape, and dipped into corn flour to keep the strands from sticking together. Finally, the ring should be cut into small pieces and wrapped around crushed peanuts, sesame seeds, crunched chocolate, or coconut inside. Specific Dragon's Beard Candy filling depends on several factors, such as region, purpose, and respective chef.
The candy is recommended to be consumed immediately after its preparation is complete, but it should remain fresh for up to six minutes in proper conditions.
Comparison to Western cotton candy
Both cotton candy and Dragon's Beard Candy are made of sugar and share the characteristic of notable stickiness and a high sensitivity to moisture. Both substances will clump together when exposed to the air for a certain amount of time. However, cotton candy has a larger surface area, thus allowing a small amount of sugar to generate into a greater volume of product. Its serving on each stick is 37 grams, including food dyes and flavor, containing around 110 calories per serving. While Dragon's Beard Candy contain a lower content of sugar (7.2 grams), it contains a slightly higher caloric content of 141.2, as well as a higher fat content (6.1 grams), compared to Western-style cotton candy, typically containing 0g of fat. This is due to the fact that in addition to sugar, Dragon's Beard is composed of peanuts, sesame seeds and other ingredients, while cotton candy is close to 100% sugars. The nutritional value of the wrapping alone is essentially identical to cotton candy's.
Presentation
It is common for street vendors of Dragon's Beard Candy to carry out the folding process involved in preparation of the confection at their stall, which can attract customers fascinated by the process as much as by a desire to purchase the candy. However, customers can purchase Dragon's Beard Candies through online stores.
See also
Cotton candy
Kkultarae - a Korean variant
Pashmak - a Persian variant
Pişmaniye - a Turkish variant
Sohan papdi - an Indian variant
Tanghulu
Deuk Deuk Tong
White Rabbit Creamy Candy
Orange jelly candy
References
External links
About Asia's Dragon's Beard Candy Master
Singapore's version of the Dragon's Beard Candies
Bamboo Garden Icy-Crispy Dragon Beard Candy
Noodles And Rice: Dragon Beard Candy
DRAGON BEARD CANDY 龍鬚糖
Department of Journalism and Communication, Hong Kong Shue Yan University – 香港樹仁大學新聞與傳播學系
International News Report on Dragon Beard Candy
The Dragon Beard Candy Show
Dragon Papa Dessert - San Francisco, CA
Candy
Chinese confectionery
The Single Wives is an Australian reality television series hosted by Fifi Box which screened on the Seven Network. The show features four women who were formerly married, searching for another chance at love. They are assisted by dating coach Matthew Hussey.
The Single Wives was launched on Netflix on the 1st of July, 2020.
Plot
The channel 7 series follows four women as they search for love. The women have all been married previously. Three are now divorced and one is widowed.
With the support of dating expert, Matthew Hussey, the women are put in various dating situations and are critiqued. As the women are forced to face some hard truths about themselves and their dating techniques, Hussey plays the role of advisor and coaches them towards more profound and less shallow relationships. In many instances, Hussey uses psychology to underpin many of the concepts he brings across to the women.
The women's names are Sheridan Buchanan-Sorensen, Sunnie Khakh, Emma Wynne and Nikki Mitropoulos.
Notable Male Contestants
Tom - A young digital marketer from the Northern Beaches of Sydney. Tom is paired with Sunni, and the two share an intimate 1-on-1 experience during a cooking course.
Sean - An intense Welshman that doesn't seem to make any deep connection with any of the women.
Matt - A jovial tradie that has a fleeting connection with Sunni.
References
External links
The Single Wives on 7plus
2010s Australian reality television series
2018 Australian television series debuts
2018 Australian television series endings
Seven Network original programming
Australian dating and relationship reality television series
English-language television shows
Television series by Eureka
Eric L. Haney (born August 22, 1952) is a retired member of the United States Army counterterrorist unit, the 1st Special Forces Operational Detachment-Delta (1SFOD-D), more commonly known as Delta Force. In recent years he has been writing on terrorism, guerrilla warfare, and special operations. Haney is the author of Inside Delta Force, a memoir of his time in the elite unit, in which he also writes about his participation in the aborted 1980 Operation Eagle Claw mission to Iran to free American hostages.
He was a co-executive producer of the CBS television series The Unit, created by David Mamet and inspired by Haney's special operations experiences. Previously, Haney was a technical consultant on Mamet's 2004 film Spartan, starring Val Kilmer.
Early life and education
Haney was born on August 22, 1952, and raised in rural Lindale, Georgia, just outside the town of Rome. He graduated from Pepperell High School in 1970.
Military career
Haney joined the Army just out of high school in 1970 and became a platoon sergeant by the time he was 22. He served for several years in the 75th Ranger Regiment as an infantryman and was slated to become an instructor. In 1977 he volunteered for and was selected to train with a new elite counter-terrorism unit that the Army was creating. Of the 163 soldiers that tried out, Haney was one of only 12 to succeed. This unit became operational in 1978 as the 1st SFOD-D, or Delta Force, with Haney joining the unit at least 13 months later; following further training and operational acceptance nearly six months after that he became a full member of the unit. The unit had been formed and organized by Colonel Charles Beckwith approximately 19 months before Haney became an asset and operator with the unit. Haney served in the unit until 1986, participating in a number of special operations in Latin America and the Middle East.
After his promotion to Command Sergeant Major, the rank he held until his retirement in 1990, Haney left Delta and joined the 193rd Infantry Brigade in Panama.
Iran – Operation: "Eagle Claw"
In 1980, the United States launched Operation Eagle Claw, an attempt to end the Iran hostage crisis with a commando raid. Haney was one of the Delta operators who took part. He was inside a parked C-130 tanker/transport aircraft that caught fire and exploded when a Navy RH-53D helicopter piloted by a Marine aircrew collided with it after the mission had been aborted and the unit was preparing to extricate. After the debacle, he and other Delta operators were told to "take a vacation" in order to avoid media scrutiny.
Honduras
In 1981, Haney and two Delta Force operators were deployed to Honduras to train Honduran Special Forces. They were sent on a mission to intercept and destroy a force of Honduran communist guerrillas that had infiltrated from Nicaragua. The 100 or so rebels allegedly were being led by an advisor from the Nicaraguan Sandinista Army.
Haney wrote that his team, composed of Delta operators and Honduran special forces soldiers, tracked the guerrillas to a mountain sanctuary in the jungle. During an assault on the hilltop, Haney noticed a guerrilla using a radio. Taking him for the leader, he shot and killed him. Haney later discovered the man was David Arturo Báez, a Nicaraguan-born U.S. citizen and former Army Special Forces soldier Haney had met during his Delta selection tests.
In his memoir, Haney questioned whether Báez had joined the Sandinistas or was working for the United States as a CIA operative up until his death. (Báez is referred to in Haney's book as "Enrique 'Keekee' Sáenz.")
Several former Delta members who were there, including his Squadron Commander, have disputed the incident and stated it is a fabrication. However, in an interview published in the Miami Herald, Baez's family said they heard accounts of his death which resemble those described in the book.
Haney also stated in his book that his unit had twice been ordered in 1981 to get ready for missions to rescue Vietnam war POWs still being held in southeast Asia only for the missions to be cancelled at the last minute. He said that he came to believe that they were scrubbed on orders from government officials, who were afraid of embarrassment and damage to their reputations and careers if word had gotten out that they'd left prisoners behind. He also said that years later a former senior north Vietnamese diplomat asked him why the US never tried to get their POWs back after the war ended.
Beirut
During the 1982 Marines operation in Lebanon, Haney was deployed with other Delta Force members to train local Lebanese as part of the U.S. Embassy security detail. Later, he and his teammates were tasked with locating and eliminating snipers who were targeting U.S. Marines deployed as part of a United Nations peacekeeping mission.
Grenada – Operation: "Urgent Fury"
In 1983, during the U.S. invasion of Grenada in Operation Urgent Fury, Haney and other Delta operators were assigned to raid Richmond Hill Prison thought to hold political prisoners. Their helicopters came under heavy enemy fire, and they discovered the prison was empty. The raid was called off.
Panama – Operation: "Just Cause"
In 1989, the U.S. invaded the Republic of Panama in Operation Just Cause. Haney was Command Sergeant Major of the 193rd Infantry Brigade. He was involved in a fire fight along with C Co. 5/87th Inf. (Light) "Panthers", 193rd Inf. Brigade, in which Panamanian forces attempted to assassinate newly elected Panamanian Vice President Ford. Panamanian forces suffered heavy losses, while no U.S. soldiers were killed. This took place at the DNTT (Direccion Nacional de Transporte Terrestre), which served as the Headquarters of the National Police.
Book criticism
Since the publication of Inside Delta Force in 2002 and Haney's subsequent success with The Unit television show, three of his former Delta colleagues accused him of embellishing his accomplishments within the unit and fabricating several of the events depicted. Criticism includes Haney's claim that he was a "founding member" of Delta Force as others former members consider there was only one "founder", Colonel Charlie Beckwith, who helped establish the unit and was its first commanding officer.
One such colleague, Logan Fitch, who first wrote publicly of the Desert One mission for Penthouse Magazine in 1984, called Haney a "crass opportunist" for capitalizing on his past for personal gain. Haney maintains the accuracy of his book.
Another member criticized Haney for revealing too much about Delta Force's training, tactics and early missions. A U.S. Army historian has questioned whether this was an issue, given that the information contained in Haney's book was current during the late-1970s and early-1980s and that Delta Force would certainly have changed their procedures since then. Moreover, operational information offered by Delta veterans had been made public before, for instance in Black Hawk Down, Mark Bowden's book about the Battle of Mogadishu, and most notably in Delta Force: The Army's Elite Counterterrorist Unit, Beckwith's own account about the formation and training of the unit.
Post-military career
After retiring from the Army in 1990, Haney was employed as a freelance security consultant and trainer. He worked within the United States and abroad as a bodyguard, trainer for military and police forces, and private kidnap rescuer.
Some of Haney's assignments in the private sector include conducting the ransom negotiation and ransom hand-over for a kidnapped oil executive in Colombia, and helping governments in two Middle Eastern countries develop their special forces capabilities. He also worked for several years as personal security detail leader for several high-profile clients, such as Saudi Prince Khalid al Faisal and Haitian President Jean-Bertrand Aristide upon his return from exile in 1994.
During the 1990s, Haney undertook security consulting work in Algeria on a gas pipeline project, and started a contract aviation company in Liberia. Some time later, Haney was approached about organizing and leading a coup attempt in another African nation. He claims to have subsequently thwarted the coup.
After the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Haney became a regular television commentator on military affairs and terrorism, appearing on CNN, Fox News, CBS News, The O'Reilly Factor and MSNBC. He has expressed opinions strongly critical of the planning and implementation of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Haney was the host of a television series entitled "Spymaster USA," which aired on The Learning Channel in 2004.
Haney was involved as a writer, producer, and technical advisor for the CBS television series The Unit, loosely based on his book. Haney also made a cameo appearance on the show as an Army recruiting officer.
Haney made a cameo appearance in the 2010 film Iron Man 2 portraying USAF commanding officer, General Meade.
In the video game Call of Duty: Black Ops a portrait of Haney can be found on the wall during the campaign mission which takes place inside of the Pentagon, as well as the zombie-mode map "Five" (which is also based on the Pentagon). He is cited as a dialogue consultant in the credits.
Bibliography
Inside Delta Force (2002),
Beyond Shock and Awe: Warfare in the 21st Century (2006) (ed., with Brian M. Thomsen) .
No Man's Land (2010),
Low Country (2010),
The Prefect of Panama (2018),
See also
Multinational Force in Lebanon
1983 Beirut barracks bombing
United States Special Operations Command
References
External links
Eric Haney's personal website
United States Army soldiers
American political commentators
American political writers
American male non-fiction writers
American broadcast news analysts
Living people
1952 births
People from Floyd County, Georgia
United States Army Rangers
Delta Force
The Ecology Channel was a Canadian category 2 digital cable specialty channel with programming on environmental, ecological, and human sustainability issues. It was noted as the first of its kind in the world. The channel was owned by WETV and Ecology Communications Inc.
Originally, The Ecology Channel was the name of a US-based channel founded in 1993 by an American entrepreneur. It was a registered trademark issued in 1996 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) to Ecology Communications Inc. That trademark registration was cancelled in 2006, according to the USPTO. It was not until 2002 that principals from Ecology Communications and WETV first met to form an alliance that ultimately led to The Ecology Channel replacing The Green Channel as the name of the Canadian television network formed by WETV.
Launched in November 2001 as The Green Channel, it was wholly owned by WETV. A few years after its launch, the service was taken off the air. In 2003, WETV sold an interest in the channel to Ecology Communications and the channel was renamed The Ecology Channel. It began broadcasting again in 2004 but was taken off the air for a second time in December 2004 due to financial difficulties.
In late 2006 it was announced that a new incarnation of The Ecology Channel would be launching, with the service being renamed Ecology Canada, although the service never launched as planned. According to its website, several other launch dates were announced to take place in 2007 and subsequently in 2008. However, the service did not launch and it appears as though it may never launch as the website for Ecology Canada no longer exists.
References
Defunct Canadian television channels
Television channels and stations established in 2001
2001 establishments in Canada
Ismail Ahmed Cachalia (1908-2003), popularly known as Moulvi, was a South African political activist and a leader of Transvaal Indian Congress and the African National Congress. He was one of the leaders of the Indian Passive Resistance Campaign of 1946 and the Defiance Campaign in 1952. The Government of India awarded the fourth highest Indian civilian honour of Padma Shri in 1977.
Biography
Ismail Ahmed Cachalia was born in the South African province of Transvaal on 5 December 1908 to Khatija (Naani) and Sheth Ahmad Mohammad Cachalia, an anti apartheid campaigner and a businessman of Indian origin who was in prison at the time of Ismail's birth. The senior Cachalia was the chairman of the Transvaal British Indian Association who was forced into bankruptcy due to his connection with the organization and the young Ismail grew up amidst anti apartheid struggles. He completed his primary education up to class 5 at Bree Street Indian School, Johannesburg and moved to Uttar Pradesh in India, and studied Scriptures and Arabic at the Muslim Theological college in Deoband to become an Aalim (priest). He is reported to have participated in the non-cooperation movement in India during that time but returned to South Africa in 1931 to join his brother, Yusuf Cachalia, in family business. In the 1930s, he and his brother joined with Yusuf Dadoo and Monty Naicker, in their anti apartheid activities mobilizing youths for militant action but later changed to non violent methods and became one of the leaders of the Indian Passive Resistance Movement which led to the arrest of over 2000 Indians in 1946. However the movement helped in uniting African National Congress and the Indian resistance group together which was formalized by the Dadoo-Naicker-Xuma Pact of 1947.
During the next six years, Cachalia worked with other leaders of the African National Congress, including Nelson Mandela and Albert Lutuli, in the non violent struggle against the oppression of the apartheid regime and led the Defiance Campaign of 1952 as its Deputy Volunteer-in-Chief; Nelson Mandela was the Volunteer-in Chief. He was arrested and sentenced to a suspended 18 months in prison, subject to keeping away from political activities. In 1955, he attended the Afro-Asian Conference in Bandung as a delegate of the African National Congress and the South African Indian Congress, along with Moses Kotane. On the way to the conference, Cachalia had the opportunity to meet V. K. Krishna Menon at London and Jawaharlal Nehru at Delhi. He was detained at Cairo for a brief period on his return to South Africa, but continued his activities and, after the Sharpeville massacre of 1960 which resulted in the death of 69 people, he escaped, in order to escape incarceration, to India via Botswana. In India, he established the ANC Mission in Delhi, along with Alfred Nzo who would later become the first foreign minister of post apartheid South Africa. Cachalia became the deputy chief representative of the Mission.
By 1972, Cachalia retired from active politics due to ill health and shifted his residence to Kala Kacha, Navsari in the Indian state of Gujarat where his ancestors came from, but divided his time between the two countries. After the dismantling of apartheid regime, ANC requested him to take part in their campaign in the first general election with universal suffrage in 1994 which he could not. He was present at the function of the dedication of the memorials of Thillaiaadi Valliammai and Swami Nagappen Padayachee to the nation at the Braamfontein cemetery on 15 July 1914 along with Walter Sisulu and also during Jyoti Basu's visit to Johannesburg in 1997. He died on 8 August 2003 at the age of 94. Cachalia was married to Rabia and the couple had one son, Yehia and seven daughters, Mariam, Amina, Saeedah, Hafsa, Rashida, Daya and Khaleeda Dockrat; Khaleeda preceded him in death by one year. His mortal remains were buried at Bethal, a town known for potato farming in Mpumalanga, South Africa.
Cachalia received the World Peace Council Prize in 1955. The Government of India awarded him the civilian honour of Padma Shri in 1977. Nelson Mandela's autobiography, Conversations With Myself, carries a short biography of Ismail Cachalia.
See also
Mahatma Gandhi
Nelson Mandela
Transvaal Indian Congress
African National Congress
Moses Kotane
Alfred Nzo
Thillaiaadi Valliammai
Yusuf Dadoo
Monty Naicker
South African Indian Congress
References
Further reading
Recipients of the Padma Shri in social work
1908 births
2003 deaths
Indian diaspora in South Africa
African National Congress politicians
South African people of Indian descent
South African Indian Congress politicians
South African Muslims
20th-century South African politicians
Deobandis
Muslim South African anti-apartheid activists
Drake is an election ward within Plymouth, Devon, England. One of the main roads from the city to Tavistock and Dartmoor runs through the ward. In the past it played an important role in the supply of water to Plymouth, and it was the location of both a fatal bomb explosion and a large unexploded bomb during the Plymouth Blitz. The University of Plymouth has its main campus in this ward and the large student population has led to part of it being designated as one of the four areas subject to Designated Public Places Orders in the city. It is also the location of the city's main railway station, museum and public library.
History
In 1591, Drake's Leat first supplied water to Plymouth. Its route came through what is now Drake ward, but was at the time outside the town walls. When Sir Francis Drake constructed the leat he ensured that he held the rights to build mills on it. At least two of those mills were within this ward; the site of the higher one was converted to a reservoir in the late 19th century and is now known as Drake's Place Reservoirs.
In common with much of the city, many buildings in this ward were destroyed or damaged during the Plymouth Blitz of World War II. In one fatal incident, on the night of 22 April 1941, a bomb fell on the Portland Square air-raid shelter killing over 70 civilians, including a mother and her six children. Human remains were found in the tops of trees, as a result of the bomb blast. In 2006 part of the remains of the shelter were rediscovered on the university campus, and an appeal was made to raise money for a public sculpture to honour those who lost their lives. This is now the Portland Square memorial.
Another, non-fatal, incident occurred during a short sharp air raid on 14 June 1943. A 1,000 kg bomb came through the roof of the then main police headquarters in Greenbank Road, on the eastern edge of the ward. The bomb did not explode and came to rest on the first floor landing outside the courtrooms and above the cells and the control room, both of which were occupied. There were also many police in the building at the time. The headquarters had to be evacuated for several days until this bomb and another that had landed in the adjoining building were made safe and removed.
After the Blitz, in 1943 a "Plan for Plymouth" was drawn up for redesigning the city. In that plan the part of Drake ward to the west of the Tavistock road was designated as the cultural precinct, and it was suggested that any extension of the Museum and Art Gallery should be there, as well as a new Technical College, centralized buildings of political and social organizations, youth organizations, a Health Centre, and headquarters and studios for the BBC. This aspect of the Plan was only partially fulfilled.
Geography and transport
Drake ward is the smallest in area of the 20 wards in the city and is surrounded (clockwise from the north) by the wards of Compton, Efford and Lipson, Sutton and Mount Gould, St Peter and the Waterfront, Stoke, and Peverell. Its northern border is in the suburb of Mutley and it also forms the southern boundary of Ford Park Cemetery and part of Central Park.
The ward is roughly bisected by the main road to the town of Tavistock, the upper part called North Hill and the lower part, a short stretch of dual-carriageway, named Drake Circus after a former roundabout built in the early 20th century just beyond the ward's southern boundary. That site is now the location of Drake Circus Shopping Centre, opened in 2006.
The city's main railway station is at the western end of the ward.
Demography and governance
The ward is within the Plymouth Sutton parliamentary constituency and has an electorate (voting population) of 5,391. At the 2001 census the population of the ward was 8,831, of which 3,695 (42%) were full-time students aged 18 or over. The population of the ward had increased to 11,149 at the 2011 census. Over 43% of the accommodation was rented from private landlords or letting agencies.
The North Hill area of Drake ward is one of four areas of Plymouth that are subject to a Designated Public Places Order which prohibits the consumption of alcohol in designated public places. In 2007 there were 13 licensed premises on North Hill.
Drake ward was in the news in 2001 when one of its councillors resigned from the Conservative Party to defect to the Liberal Democrats. This was especially notable as the councillor, Karen Gillard, was the national chair of TORCHE, the Tory Campaign for Homosexual Equality.
Economy
The largest employer by far is the University of Plymouth which has its main campus in the ward. The university educates over 30,000 students, employs 3,000 staff and has an annual income of around £160 million. The ward contains the Plymouth railway station, which is an important economical structure for the economy of Plymouth. Drake is in close proximity to the city centre of Plymouth and the Drake Circus Shopping Centre.
Landmarks
The university's most prominent building is the Roland Levinsky Building, clad in copper and completed in 2007. On the opposite side of Drake Circus, the road, is Plymouth City Museum and Art Gallery and the adjoining Central Library, built in 1907 by Thornely and Rooke in Edwardian Baroque style.
Higher up North Hill are Sherwell United Reformed Church (1864) and St Matthias Church (1887). The former's spire and the latter's tower are both prominent elements on the city's skyline. Until 1990, Sherwell Church had an organ commissioned from Henry Willis in 1864; the organ is now in St Michael's Church, Great Torrington. At the northern end of North Hill is the Plymouth Proprietary Library, notable for being the city's oldest surviving collection of books and papers, established in 1811.
Drake's Place Reservoirs, constructed in the 1820s, are in North Hill just above Sherwell Church. They were expanded in 1891 and a 200 ft colonnade with a terrace on top was added so that people could relax by the water. The pillars of the colonnade were originally from The Shambles (butchers' stalls outside St Andrew's church) and from 1791 were re-used in the market before being relocated here. In August 2010, a grant of £500,000 was awarded by the National Lottery towards the preservation of the landmark.
Plymouth Royal Eye Infirmary, near the main railway station, was built in 1897 by Charles King and E. W. Lister. Unusually for an area that had a tradition of building in limestone, it was constructed in red brick with stone facings.
See also
List of wards in Plymouth
References
External links
Area covered by the ward
Suburbs of Plymouth, Devon
Phyllonorycter tiliacella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Canada (Québec and Ontario) and the United States (including Illinois, Kentucky, New York, Maine, Vermont and Connecticut).
The larvae feed on Tilia species, including Tilia americana. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on upperside leaf. The mine is white and densely speckled with dark brown. The pupa of the summer brood is suspended in a very slight silken web, in the brood remaining through the winter in the pupal state, a denser cocoon is spun, which is attached above and below.
References
External links
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
tiliacella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1871
Bishop Johnson initialized as BJC and BJCSC, and officially Bishop Johnson College of Science and Commerce and most commonly Bishop Johnson) is a private high school and college located in Prayagraj, India.
Established in 1977 under the administration of the Anglican Diocese of Lucknow, and affiliated to the ICSE Board, the college provides education from Pre-kindergarten to High school (Higher Secondary) level. Since 2004 the College has offered a bachelor's degree in Commerce under the affiliation of Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences.
The college provides academic development and career counselling for students along with NCC, coaching in various sports and co-curricular activities, and a personality development program through seminars and group discussions.
History
Foundation
BJC was officially established on 11 November 1977, before which the institution served as a girls' dorm and a convent. The first Headmistress was Ms. Kanchan Singh who worked during the early years of development of the college.
Progression
In 1987, Mr. Jaswant Singh was appointed the second principal of the College. In 1988, he inaugurated a computer lab which was among the first in the city schools.
Following the death of Mr. J. Singh in 1989, Mr. A.T. Flynn was appointed as the 3rd officiating principal of BJC.
On 1 August 1990, Mr. N.L. Singh took charge of the college, becoming its fourth principal.
Campus
Located in Civil Lines in the center of the city of Allahabad, the school's campus has a library, swimming pool, computer lab, and an auditorium christened 'Noble Hall'.
References
Church of North India schools
Primary schools in Uttar Pradesh
High schools and secondary schools in Uttar Pradesh
Christian schools in Uttar Pradesh
Schools in Allahabad
Educational institutions established in 1977
1977 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Statistics of the 1991–92 Saudi First Division.
External links
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Al Jazirah 6 May 1992 issue 7160
Saudi First Division League seasons
Saud
2
Pristobaeus vanuaensis is a jumping spider species in the genus Pristobaeus. The female was first identified in 2008 by Barbara Maria Patoleta. The species was initially placed in the genus Palpelius but was renamed Pristobaeus vanuaensis when Palpelius was accepted as the junior synonym for Pristobaeus.
Description
The species is small and brown, with a cephalothorax typically measuring long.
Distribution
Pristobaeus vanuaensis is found in Fiji. The holotype was discovered on the island of Vanua Levu, after which the species is named.
References
Spiders of Fiji
Salticidae
Spiders described in 2008
Environment Agency v Clark [2001] Ch 57 (also, Re Rhondda Waste Disposal Ltd) is a UK insolvency law case concerning the right of creditors to bring proceedings against insolvent companies in administration. It concerned s.10, Insolvency Act 1986, now Schedule B1, para. 43(6) whereby a moratorium on legal proceedings is effected after an administration order takes place.
Facts
Rhondda Waste Disposal Ltd, a company wholly owned by Rhondda Cynon Taf County Borough Council ran a landfill site under a waste management licence in Nant-y-Gwyddon, Rhondda Valley. The Environment Agency served an enforcement notice against Rhondda, telling it to comply with its licence terms, under s.33(6), Environmental Protection Act 1990. It then got an injunction. Rhondda failed to change in the next six months. So Rhondda petitioned for an administration order. The administrator asked the court to clarify whether the Environment Agency needed leave under the Insolvency Act 1986, s.10(1)(c) and s.11(3)(d) to bring criminal prosecutions.
Judge Moseley QC, Deputy High Court Judge of the Chancery Division, held it did. The Environment Agency appealed, arguing the words "other proceedings" in the sections were not intended to cover environmental and criminal proceedings, but only recovery of money.
Judgment
Scott Baker J, speaking for the Court of Appeal (Henry LJ and Robert Walker LJ) held that the moratorium on "other proceedings" plainly meant all proceedings, including criminal proceedings. So the Environment Agency needed permission before prosecuting. This was because other sections in the Act referred to criminal offences, so on a proper construction, criminal proceedings would have been excluded specifically if that had been intended.
The purpose of the Insolvency Act 1986 was to give a window of opportunity for the company to make proposals to creditors. Both criminal and civil proceedings would frustrate that. Moreover the broad range of offences could mean such an exception would work against creditors' interests. Courts concerned with administration are well placed to balance the arguments for and against leave. Scott Baker J also referred to remarks by Morritt J in the Re Celtic Extraction case, on the “polluter pays” principle. This should not be applied so that unsecured creditors pay to the whole extend of the available assets.
However, the judge had erred in refusing leave. The allegations of Rhondda's serious and long standing breaches of the Environmental Protection Act should not be overridden by creditors' interests.
Here, any fine that might be imposed on the company could only be paid at the expense of the creditors, since, although the company could pay, it could only do so out of assets available for distribution to the creditors.
See also
UK company law
Notes
References
Ann Cheong, ‘Rhondda Waste Disposal Ltd (In Administration), Re [2001] Ch. 57' (2001) Company Lawyer 283
United Kingdom insolvency case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
2001 in case law
2001 in British law
Henry C. Taylor (c. 1814 – March 30, 1889) was the seventh mayor of Jersey City in New Jersey.
Biography
He succeeded Phineas C. Dummer and served two years from April 21, 1848 to April 18, 1850. He was succeeded by Robert Gilchrist. After serving as mayor, Taylor moved to Plainfield, New Jersey, where he died in 1889. Taylor was buried in Woodlawn Cemetery.
See also
List of mayors of Jersey City, New Jersey
References
1810s births
1889 deaths
Mayors of Jersey City, New Jersey
19th-century American politicians
2010 Yokohama F. Marinos season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J.League official site
Yokohama F. Marinos
Yokohama F. Marinos seasons
Paramardi (reigned c. 1165–1203 CE) was a king of the Chandela dynasty of central India. He was the last powerful Chandela king, and ruled the Jejakabhukti region (Bundelkhand in present-day Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh). Around 1182–1183 CE, he was defeated by Prithviraj Chauhan, who raided the Chandela capital Mahoba. Paramardi managed to recover the Chandela power over the next few years, but was defeated by the Ghurid general Qutb ud-Din Aibak around 1202-1203 CE.
Early life
Paramardi's Bateshvar inscription suggests that he succeeded his father Yashovarman. However, other Chandela inscriptions (including those of his own) suggest that he succeeded his grandfather Madanavarman. It is possible that Yashovarman ruled for a very short period, or did not rule at all, having died while Madanavarman was still alive.
According to the Parmal Raso, Paramardi ascended the throne at the age of 5 years. An Ajaygarh inscription appears to corroborate this claim: it states that Paramardi was a leader even as a child (bāl-opi netā).
He is mentioned as Paramardi-deva in inscriptions. The medieval bardic legends such as Alha-Khand call him Paramala or Parimala. In modern vernaculars, he is also known as Paramardidev, Parmar, Paramal Deo or Parimal Chandel (because of schwa deletion). A gold coin issued by him, featuring a seated goddess, gives his name as Srimat Paramardi.
Reign
{
"type": "FeatureCollection",
"features": [
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Ajaygarh (or Ajaygadh)" },
"geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [80.26977, 24.88974] }
},
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Bateshvar (Baghari)" },
"geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [78.54203, 26.93506] }
},
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Charkhārī" },
"geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [79.75010, 25.40188] }
},
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Ichhawar, Banda district (Ichchhāvar)" },
"geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [80.49383, 25.87669] }
},
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Kalinjar (Kālañjara)" },
"geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [80.33032, 25.48933] }
},
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Mahoba" },
"geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [79.87242, 25.29210] }
},
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Semra Sanodha (or Semra)" },
"geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [78.99104, 24.31841] }
},
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "marker-symbol": "monument", "title": "Pachar (or Pachhār)" },
"geometry": { "type": "Point", "coordinates": [78.75612, 25.58556] }
}
]
}
Paramardi was the last of the powerful Chandela rulers, and has been mentioned in several legendary texts such as Paramala Raso (Parmal Raso or Mahoba Khand), Prithviraj Raso and Alha-Khand (Alha Raso or Ballad of Alha). While these texts are based on historical events, much of their content has been fabricated to glorify either Prithviraj Chauhan or Paramardi. Thus, these texts are of doubtful historicity, and therefore, much of Paramardi's reign is shrouded in obscurity.
Several Chandela inscriptions also mention Paramardi, but these contain little historical information. For example, the Semra copper-plate inscription vaguely eulogizes him as someonoe who surpassed Makaradhvaja (the god of love) in handsomeness, the ocean in depth, the lord of heaven in majesty, Brihaspati in wisdom, and Yudhishthira in truthfulness. The Baghari (Bateshvar) stone inscription credits him with military victories and states that other kings bowed to him, but does not name any of these kings. The Ajaygarh inscription of his grandson's wife Kalyanadevi similarly describes him as a universal sovereign, whose enemies were left in a pitiful condition. Such claims of extensive conquests are not corroborated by historical evidence.
Early career
The inscriptions from the first few years of Paramardi's reign have been found at Semra (1165-1166 CE), Mahoba (1166-1167 CE), Ichhawar (1171 CE), Mahoba (1173 CE), Pachar (1176 CE) and Charkhari (1178 CE). All of these inscriptions use the imperial titles for him: Paramabhattaraka-Maharajadhiraja-Parameshvara Parama-Maheshvara Shri-Kalanjaradhipati Shrimanmat Paramardideva. This indicates that in the early part of his reign, Paramardi retained the territories that he had inherited from his grandfather Madanavarman.
An 1183 CE Mahoba inscription states that the lord of Tripuri fainted whenever he heard the songs about Paramardi's bravery. This suggests that Paramardi defeated a Kalachuri king of Tripuri, possibly Jayasimha.
Chahamana invasion
During 1182-1183 CE, the Chahamana ruler Prithviraj Chauhan invaded the Chandela kingdom of Jejakabhukti. The Chandela records do not mention this invasion, presumably to avoid describing the humiliating defeat of their king.
According to the medieval ballads, Prithviraj was returning to Delhi after marrying the daughter of Padamsen. During this journey, he was attacked by Turkic forces (Ghurids). The Chauhan army managed to repulse the attacks, but suffered serious casualties in the process. They lost their way, and arrived in the Chandela capital Mahoba. The Chauhan force, which had a number of wounded soldiers among them, unknowingly set up a camp in the Chandela royal garden. They killed the keeper of the garden for objecting to their presence. When Paramardi learned about this, he sent some soldiers to counter the Chauhan force. The Chandelas suffered heavy losses in the ensuing conflict. Paramardi then decided to send another force led by his general Udal against Prithviraj. Udal advised against this proposal, arguing that it would not be appropriate to attack wounded soldiers or to antagonize a powerful king like Prithviraj. However, Paramardi was under the influence of his brother-in-law Mahil Parihar (Pratihara), who secretly harboured ill-will against the Chandelas. Mahil instigated Paramardi to go ahead with the attack plan. The Chandela force led by Udal then launched a second attack against the Chauhan army, but was defeated. The situation subsided when Prithviraj left for Delhi.
Unable to bear Mahil Parihar's political scheming, Udal and his brother Alha left the Chandela court. They took shelter with Jaichand, the Gahadavala ruler of Kannauj. Mahil then sent a secret message to Prithviraj Chauhan, informing him that the best generals of Paramardi had left Mahoba. Instigated by him, Prithviraj set out from Delhi in 1182 CE and marched to the Chandela territory via Gwalior and Bateshwar. First, he besieged Sirsagarh, which was held by Malkhan, a cousin of Alha and Udal. Prithviraj tried to win over Malkhan, but Malkhan remained loyal to Paramardi and fought against the invaders. After Malkhan killed eight generals of the invading army, Prithviraj himself took charge of the battle. The Chandelas ultimately lost the battle, and Malkhan was killed.
Prithviraj then started a march towards Mahoba. Facing an imminent defeat, Paramardi and his nobles sought a truce on the advice of his chief queen Malhan Devi. Prithviraj agreed to the truce, but remained encamped on the banks of the Betwa River in the Chandela territory. The Chandelas, meanwhile, requested Alha and Udal to come back from Kannauj. The two brothers were initially hesitant, but agreed to return after their mother appealed them to honour their allegiance to the Chandelas. Jaichand dispatched an army led by his best generals, including two of his own sons, to support the Chandelas. Paramardi himself became nervous, and retreated to the Kalanjara fort with some of his soldiers. His son Brahmajit, along with Alha and Udal, led the Chandela army against Prithviraj Chauhan. In the ensuing battle, the Chandelas were defeated. Brahmajit, Udal and the two sons of Jaichand were killed in the conflict. After his victory, Prithviraj sacked the Chandela capital of Mahoba.
Next, Prithviraj dispatched his general Chavand Rai to Kalanjara. The Chauhan army captured the fort, took Paramardi as prisoner, and marched back towards Delhi. According to the Parmal Raso, Alha's son Indal Kumar launched a surprise attack on the returning Chauhan army, and freed Paramardi. Out of shame, Paramardi later committed suicide at the Gajraj temple. Parmal Raso states that his 50 wives committed sati (self-immolation) after his death. According to Chand Bardai, he retired to Gaya and died there. The Prithviraj Raso states that Prithviraj appointed Pajjun Rai as the governor of Mahoba. Later, Paramardi's son Samarjit recaptured Mahoba with help of Narasimha, an officer of Jaichand. Samarjit then ruled the territory between Kalanjara and Gaya. However, no such prince is mentioned in the Chandela records.
The exact historicity of this legendary narrative is debatable, but it is known that Prithviraj Chauhan indeed sacked Mahoba. This is corroborated by his stone inscriptions at Madanpur. However, the prolonged occupation of Mahoba or Kalanjara by Chauhans is not supported by historical evidence. Moreover, it is known that Paramardi did not die or retire immediately after the Chauhan victory. He is known to have issued several inscriptions after this event: the Kalanjara rock inscription, the 1184 CE Mahoba stone inscription, the 1187 CE Ajaygarh stone inscription, the 1195 CE Baghari (Bateshvar) stone inscription, and the 1201 CE Kalanjara stone inscription. These records give imperial titles for Paramardi, indicating that he remained a sovereign ruler. The Muslim chronicles also provide evidence that Paramardi ruled until the beginning of the next century, when the Delhi Sultanate invaded the Chandela kingdom.
The 1195 CE Bateshvar inscription states that other feudatory kings bowed before him, and the 1201 CE Kalanjara inscription describes him as the lord of Dasharna country. These evidences suggest that Paramardi managed to recover the Chandela power after Prithviraj Chauhan returned to Delhi.
Ghurid invasion and death
According to a Kalanjara inscription, while one of Paramardi's predecessors had imprisoned the wives of the earthly rulers, Paramardi's heroics made even the divine rulers anxious about the safety of their wives. As a result, the gods let loose an army of mlechchhas (foreigners) against him, and made him face a defeat.
Prithviraj Chauhan was killed after Second Battle of Tarain against the Ghurids in 1192 CE. After defeating the Chahamanas (Chauhans) and the Gahadavalas, the Ghurid governor of Delhi planned an invasion of Chandela kingdom. A force led by Qutb al-Din Aibak, and accompanied by strong generals such as Iltutmish, besieged the Chandela fort of Kalanjara in 1202 CE.
Taj-ul-Maasir, written by the Delhi chronicler Hasan Nizami, states that Parmar (Paramardi) initially offered some resistance, but then fled to the safety of the fort. Subsequently, he surrendered before ruler of Delhi, and agreed to be his vassal. He promised to pay a tribute to the Sultan, but died before he could execute this agreement. His dewan Aj Deo (Ajaya-Deva) continued to resist the ruler of Delhi after his death. The dewan was finally forced to surrender as the water reservoirs within the fort dried up during a drought. Taj-ul-Masir further states that after the Sultanate's victory, temples were converted into mosques and 50,000 men were taken as slaves. Qutb al-Din Aibak appointed Hazabbar-ud-Din Hasan Arnal as the governor of Kalanjara, and also captured Mahoba.
The 16th century Muslim historian Firishta states that Paramardi was assassinated by his own minister, who disagreed with the king's decision to surrender to the Delhi forces.
Firishta as well as Fakhruddin Mubarakshah state that the fall of Kalanjara happened in the Hijri year 599 (1202-1203 CE). According to Taj-ul-Masir, Kalanjara fell on 20th of Rajab, in the Hijri year 599, on Monday. However, this date corresponds to 12 April 1203 CE, which was a Friday. Based on different interpretations of the historical sources, different scholars date the fall of Kalanjara to either 1202 CE or 1203 CE.
According to the Chandela inscriptions, Paramardi was succeeded by Trailokyavarman.
Administration
According to the Baghari inscription, Paramardi placed the burden of government on his prime minister Sallakshana, who was a Brahmin of Vashistha gotra. Sallakshana commissioned temples dedicated to Shiva and Vishnu. After his death, his son Purushottama inherited his post.
The Baghari inscription also mentions one Gadadhara as Paramardi's minister of war and peace (sandhna-vigraha-sachiva). According to the Ajaygarh inscription of Bhojavarman, a Kayastha named Gangadhara was the Kancukin (chamberlain) of Paramardi. Gangadhara and his brother Jaunadhara are said to have fought at Kalanjara, possibly in the battle against the Delhi forces.
Ajayapala and Madanapala, the sons of a former senapati (general) Kilhana, were two Brahmin senapatis of Paramardi. Ajayapala is also known to have been a senapati of Paramardi's grandfather Madanavarman. Muslim chronicles mention Aj Deo (Ajaya-Deva) as a dewan who continued to resist the Delhi forces after Paramardi's death. The medieval bardic tradition also mentions Alha and Udala (or Udal) as his generals. Other officers mentioned in the historical records include Mahipala and an amatya named Vatsaraja.
Paramardi was a learned man, and is attributed as the author of a eulogy to Shiva, inscribed on a stone at Kalanjara. He patronized a number of scholars, including:
Vatsaraja, the author of Rupa-Kashatakam (a collection of six plays)
Gadadhara, a poet styled as Kavi-Chakravarti
Jaganika, the author of Alha-Khanda
Gunabhadra Munipa Saiddhanti, the Jain author of Dhanya-Kumara-Charita
Although himself a Shaivite, Paramardi was tolerant towards Buddhists, Jains and Vaishnavites. A copper-plate inscription shows that when he granted a village to a Brahmin, he respected the rights of a Buddhist shrine located in that village. Several images of the Jain tirthankaras were set up at various places during his reign. The best known of these are at the Aharji Jain Tirth Near Tikamgarh. His minister Sallakshana commissioned a Vishnu temple.
References
Bibliography
Chandelas of Jejakabhukti
12th-century Indian monarchs
13th-century Indian monarchs
Dame Philippa Jane Edwards Whipple, (born 7 May 1966) is a British judge, former barrister, and former solicitor. Between October 2015 and November 2021, she was a Justice of the High Court assigned to the Queen's Bench Division. Since November 2021 she has been a judge of the Court of Appeal.
Early life
Whipple was born in or near Aldershot, England, on 7 May 1966 to John Braham Scott Edwards and Veronica Mary Edwards. She was educated at St Mary's School, Ascot, and then earned a bachelor's degree in Law from Merton College, Oxford.
Career
Whipple began her legal career as a solicitor, admitted in 1991. She was called to the Bar by Middle Temple in 1994 and was a tenant at 1 Crown Office Row. She was appointed as a Recorder, in 2005. On 22 March 2010, she was made a Queen's Counsel (QC).
In May 2015 Scotland's Lord President declined to permit Whipple to address a Scottish court on behalf of a client in respect of a tax matter. It was confirmed that a suitably qualified advocate from any other EU state would have been entitled to address a Scottish court. The English exception arose because the (originally Scots) Secretary of State for Scotland in London had still not incorporated the necessary legislation into English law. Shortly after this, on 1 October 2015, Whipple was appointed a Justice of the High Court in London.
Honours
On 3 November 2015, Whipple was appointed a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE). She is an honorary fellow of Merton College, Oxford. She was appointed to the Privy Council on 15 December 2021.
References
Living people
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Alumni of Merton College, Oxford
21st-century English judges
British barristers
People educated at St Mary's School, Ascot
Queen's Counsel 2001–
British solicitors
1966 births
Fellows of Merton College, Oxford
English women judges
Heart is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Frank Heart (1929–2018), American computer engineer and Internet pioneer
Monique Heart, American drag queen
Zack Heart, Australian television and film personality
See also
Hart (surname); some persons with this surname may be erroneously referred to as "Heart"
Heart (disambiguation)
Heartz
Heart Evangelista (born 1985), Filipina actress and singer
Isasicursor (meaning "Isasi's runner" after Marcelo Pablo Isasi) is a genus of elasmarian ornithopod from the Chorrillo Formation from Santa Cruz Province in Argentina. The type and only species is Isasicursor santacrucensis. It was a contemporary of the sauropod Nullotitan which was described in the same paper.
Discovery and naming
In 1980, geologist Francisco E. Nullo noticed the presence of sauropod bones on a hillside of the Estancia Alta Vista, south of the Centinela River in the Santa Cruz province of Argentina. He reported these finds to then-prominent paleontologist José Bonaparte. Bonaparte dug up a large sauropod cervical vertebra in 1981. The old site was relocated and new excavations were carried out between 13 and 17 January and 14 to 19 March 2019, and a new site was discovered on the Estancia La Anita. A whole new fauna came to light on an area of . The sauropod finds were named as the new genus Nullotitan but bones from a new ornithopod were also discovered by technician Marcelo Pablo Isasi, which laid close to some mosasaur teeth.
In 2019, the type species Isasicursor santacrucensis was named and described by Fernando Emilio Novas, Federico Lisandro Agnolin, Sebastian Rozadilla, Alexis Mauro Aranciaga-Rolando Federico Brisson-Egli, Matias Javier Motta, Mauricio Cerroni, Martin Dario Ezcurra, Agustín Guillermo Martinelli, Julia S D´Angelo, Gerardo Alvarez-Herrera, Adriel Roberto Gentil, Sergio Bogan, Nicolás Roberto Chimento, Jordi Alexis García-Marsà, Gastón Lo Coco, Sergio Eduardo Miquel, Fátima F. Brito, Ezequiel Iganacio Vera, Valeria Susana Perez Loinaze, Mariela Soledad Fernández and Leonardo Salgado. The large number of authors is a consequence of the fact that the article described the entire fauna in which every expert contributed their part. The genus name honors Isasi and connects its name with a Latin cursor, "runner". The species designation refers to its provenance from Santa Cruz province.
The holotype, MPM 21525, was found in a layer of the upper Chorrillo Formation that dates from the Maastrichtian. It consists of the upper side of a left shin.
Different bones from the same location were designated as paratypes. These were MPM 21526, a piece of a cervical vertebra; MPM 21527: two middle vertebrae; MPM 21528: a sacrum minus the third sacral vertebra; MPM 21529: thirty anterior, middle and posterior vertebrae of different individuals; MPM 21530: the bottom of a right shoulder blade; MPM 21531: the lower end of a left humerus; MPM 21532: the main body of a left pubic bone; MPM 21533: a set of young animals of which the upper side of a right thigh bone, three upper sides of a left thigh bone, three lower sides of a left thigh bone and two shafts of a thigh bone; MPM 21534: the lower end of a tibia; MPM 21535: the ends of a second metatarsal; MPM 21536: the lower end of a third left metatarsal leg; MPM 21537: the ends of a fourth metatarsal; MPM 21538: the fourth metatarsal bone of a young animal; MPM 21539L: the first foot of the first toe, first foot of the second toe and the second and third foot of the fourth toe; MPM 21540: six foot claws; and MPM 21541: the second and third toes of a young animal.
The finds represent at least four individuals. They are found in a layer of long and thick. The fossils are part of the collection of the Museo Regional Provincial Padre Molina.
Description
Size and distinctive features
The describers were able to identify five distinctive features. They are autapomorphies, unique derived properties. The sacrum is curved downwards. The first and second sacral vertebra are connected to each other via a pin-and-hole connection. The crista cnemialis of the tibia is thickened and highly upward excellent. On the upper surface of the tibia, the outer rear lobe has an additional protrusion that faces forward and faces. The second metatarsal has a well on the outside for the joint capsule that is higher than normal.
Skeleton
The cervical vertebra is keeled and flattened on the side. The amphicoelous vertebrae show no special details. The sacrum has six sacral vertebrae and is fairly robust. It is exceptional that the sphere curves downwards. The keeled first sacral vertebra is greatly widened sideways. The second sacral vertebra has a keel that extends into a protrusion that fits into a hole in the oval back facet of the first vertebra; their contact is normally flat. The fourth vertebra has a longitudinal trough on the underside with only a low ledge at the front. The front facet is square, the back facet hexagonal. The fifth vertebra has the same morphology from the bottom. It is again oval on the front but rectangular on the back. The sixth vertebra also sticks with a pin in the fifth. The tail vertebrae are slightly amphicoel and have length trough. Lateral ridges increase towards the rear, so that eventually a hexagonal cross-section is created.
With the shoulder blade, the cavity above the shoulder joint is round and shallow, as with Gasparinisaura and Trinisaura . The front leg is relatively long but shorter than the rear leg. The corridor was probably optional two-legged: at high speed the animal walked on only the hind legs. The fact that the front leg was not used for a powerful sale is clear from the delta-detectoral comb of the humerus that is reduced to a low ledge. The outside thereof is intersected by numerous roughenings for tendons. The humerus bends outwards. Both of these characteristics are typically elasmaric.
The pubis apparently did not touch the process obturatorius of the Ischium which means that the foramen obturatum is not closed but open downwards.
For the femur, the trochanter major at the top is convex and on the inside separated by a groove from the front narrow trochanter minor. The front groove is not well developed between the lower joint nodules. The inner nodule is not widened outwards. With the tibia, the upward widening of the crista cnemialis, above the joint surface, gives it a triangular profile. This comb is also thickened across, with a round top. The crista lateralisis also thick, with a straight front edge. The triangular outer lobe of the upper surface has a special obliquely forward projection. The lower outer leg style has an elongated comb that forms an elevation in the middle. The inner post is not bent forward. In the young animals, all these characteristics are less pronounced on the lower part of the tibia.
The second metatarsal is flattened at the top and thickened from front to back, a synapomorphy of the Elasmaria. However, the thickening remains limited. With the third metatarsal, the innermost lower joint bump is the largest. With the remarkably robust fourth metatarsal leg, the upper outer edge forms a sharp ledge; at Talenkauen, Morrosaurus and the Styracosterna this piece is completed. The bottom surface forms a parallelogram whose rear edge protrudes more inwards but is curled outwards. The toe legs are sturdy and short, also from front to back, a distracted feature. The foot claws are not hoof-shaped but sharp, albeit with a flat bottom.
Phylogeny
Isasicursor was placed in the Elasmaria , although without a precise cladistic analysis, so its exact relationships remain unclear. If this placement is correct, the animal is the youngest known iguanodont, and by extension, ornithopod, known from the Southern Hemisphere.
Palaeobiology
Isasicursor was a herbivore. The describers consider it likely that the Elasmaria lived together with the relatively larger Hadrosauroidea, with the two groups belonging in different niches, though hadrosauroids were not found at the site. The presence of Nullotitan suggests niche partitioning with giant sauropods. Isasicursor was probably hunted by Maip, possibly the largest Patagonian megaraptorid.
The describers saw the remains of young and old individuals being found together as evidence that Isasicursor lived in herds.
References
Ornithopods
Campanian life
Maastrichtian life
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of South America
Cretaceous Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossil taxa described in 2019
Ornithischian genera
Queen Tamara () is a three-act play by Knut Hamsun about Tamar of Georgia. It was published in 1903.
Characters
Tamara, Queen of Georgia
Prince Giorgi, her husband
Giorgi and Rusdan, their children
The prior
The abbot
Fatimat, the queen's servant
The khan of Tovin
Zaidata
Juanata
Sofiat
Mecedu
Prince Giorgi's adjutant
Two Tatar officers
Two Georgian prisoners
A hetman
The queen's officers and soldiers, Tovin officers and soldiers, monks, scribes, musicians, dancers, girls, servants
Reception
Hamsun's play was poorly received. Reviews characterized it as uninteresting or even a failure, and Hamsun is considered to have known too little about the subject matter to convincingly develop the plot.
References
Works by Knut Hamsun
Norwegian plays
1903 plays
José Betancourt (born 8 January 1963 in Humacao, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican former wrestler who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Betancourt won a bronze medal at the 1987 Pan-American Games in the 74.0 kg. Greco-Roman category. At the 1987 Pan-American Games 74.0 kg. freestyle category he finished fourth. At the 1991 Pan-American Games: 82.0 kg. Greco-Roman category he finished fifth.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
People from Humacao, Puerto Rico
Olympic wrestlers of Puerto Rico
Wrestlers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Puerto Rican male sport wrestlers
American sportsmen
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Puerto Rico
Pan American Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
The Diocese of Calgary () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church in Alberta, Canada. The Diocese of Calgary is a suffragan diocese of the metropolitan Archdiocese of Edmonton.
Its cathedral episcopal see is St. Mary's Cathedral, Calgary, Alberta.
It is currently led by Bishop William McGrattan.
History
Established on 1912.11.30 as Diocese of Calgary, Latin adjective , on territory split off from the Diocese of Saint Albert.
Bishops
Diocesan ordinaries
(all Roman Rite)
Suffragan Bishops of Calgary
John Thomas McNally (1913.04.04 – 1924.08.12); later Bishop of Hamilton (Ontario, Canada) (1924.08.12 – 1937.02.17), Metropolitan Archbishop of Halifax (Canada) (1937.02.17 – death 1952.11.18)
John Thomas Kidd (1925.02.06 – 1931.07.03), next Bishop of London (Ontario, Canada) (1931.07.03 – death 1950.06.02)
Peter Joseph Monahan (1932.06.10 – 1935.06.26), next Metropolitan Archbishop of Regina (Canada) (1935.06.26 – death 1947.05.06)
(1935.12.19 – retired 1966.12.28), emeritate as Titular Bishop of Horrea (1966.12.28 – death 1967.02.25)
Auxiliary bishop Joseph Lawrence Wilhelm (1963.06.25 – 1966.12.14), Titular Bishop of Saccæa (1963.06.25 – 1966.12.14); later Metropolitan Archbishop of Kingston (Canada) (1966.12.14 – retired 1982.03.12); died 1995
Francis Joseph Klein (1967.02.25 – death 1968.02.03); previously Bishop of Saskatoon (Canada) (1952.02.28 – 1967.02.25)
(1968.06.20 – retired 1998.01.19), died 2004
Frederick Henry (1998.01.19 – retired 2017.01.04), previously Titular Bishop of Carinola (1986.04.18 – 1995.03.24) as Auxiliary Bishop of London (Canada) (1986.04.18 – 1995.03.24), Bishop of Thunder Bay (Canada) (1995.03.24 – 1998.01.19)
William McGrattan (4 January 2017 – ...); previously Titular Bishop of Furnos minor (2009.11.06 – 2014.04.08) as Auxiliary Bishop of Toronto (Canada) (2009.11.06 – 2014.04.08), Bishop of Peterborough (Canada) (2014.04.08 – 2017.01.04).
Auxiliary bishop
Joseph Lawrence Wilhelm (1963-1966), appointed Archbishop of Kingston
Statistics and extent
It includes the Calgary Region, all of southern Alberta and the extreme lower half of the Alberta's Rockies region.
As per 2014 it pastorally served 538,000 Catholics (45.5% of 1,183,000 total) on 110,500 km² in 69 parishes with 158 priests (123 diocesan, 35 religious), 50 deacons, 166 lay religious (46 brothers, 120 sisters) and 10 seminarians.
The diocese contains 82+ parishes and missions specifically: 37 parishes in Calgary alone; of which, 10 are ethnic parishes, an additional university parish to serve the University of Calgary and 45+ parishes and missions designated for southern Alberta and the Rockies lower region. On December 3, 2017 Bishop McGrattan announced his intention to make Our Lady of the Rockies Parish in Canmore into a Diocesan Marian Shrine in the spring of 2019.
In 2006: 87 diocesan priests, 38 religious priests
427,200 Catholics.
110 women religious, 48 religious brothers and 30 permanent deacons make up the spiritual work force in Calgary not including the other regions.
Calgary city Parishes
Downtown:
St. Mary's Cathedral
Sacred Heart
St. Francis of Assisi
Northwest:
Ascension
Canadian Martyrs
Corpus Christi
Our Lady Queen of Peace (Polish)
Our Lady of the Assumption
St. Bernard
St. Boniface (German)
St. Joseph
St. Luke
St. Peter's
St. Pius X
University of Calgary Catholic Community
Northeast
Our Lady of Grace (Italian & English)
Our Lady of Guadalupe (Spanish & English)
Our Lady of Perpetual Help (Chinese & English)
St. Mark
St. Thomas More
Southwest
Holy Name
Holy Spirit (Spanish & English)
St. Anthony
St. Elizabeth of Hungary (Magyar-Hungarian)
Ste. Famille (French)
St. Gerard
St. James
St. Michael the Archangel
Southeast
Holy Trinity
Our Lady of Fatima (Portuguese & English)
Our Lady of Mt. Bistrica (Croatian & English)
St. Albert the Great
St. Anne (Korean)
St. Bernadette
St. Bonaventure
St. Cecilia's
St. John the Evangelist
St. Patrick's
St. Vincent Liem (Vietnamese)
Rural Parishes and Missions
Airdrie
St. Paul
Banff
St. Mary's
Beiseker
St. Mary's
Blairmore (Crowsnest Pass)
Holy Trinity
Bow Island
St. Michael's
Mission: Our Lady of Perpetual Help, Foremost
Brocket
St. Paul's
Brooks
St. Mary's
Canmore
Our Lady of the Rockies
Carstairs
St. Agnes Catholic Parish
Chestermere
St. Gabriel the Archangel
Claresholm
Christ the King
Mission: St. Cecilia, Nanton
Mission: St. Mary's, Champion
Cluny
St. Mary's
Coaldale
St. Ambrose
Cochrane
St. Mary's
Drumheller
St. Anthony
Fort Macleod
Holy Cross
Mission: St. Theresa, Cardston
Hanna
St. George's
High River
St. Francis de Sales
Mission: St. Andrew's, Vulcan
Lethbridge
Our Lady of the Assumption
St. Basil's
St. Patrick's
St. Martha
Medicine Hat
Holy Family
St. Patrick
Milk River
St. Peter
Mission: St. Isidore's, Allerston
Okotoks
St. James
Mission: St. Michael's, Black Diamond
Oyen
Sacred Heart
Picture Butte
St. Catherine's
Pincher Creek
St. Michael
Mission: Our Lady of Mt. Carmel, Waterton
Rockyford
St. Rita
Siksika Nation
Holy Trinity
Standoff
Immaculate Conception
Mission: four churches on the Blood Reserve
Strathmore
Sacred Heart
Taber
St. Augustine
Vauxhall
St. Joseph
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Canada
References
Sources and external links
GCatholic with Google map and - satellite photo
Diocese of Calgary page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14, 2006
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton
Calgary
Organizations based in Calgary
Chiaravalle Centrale (Calabrian: ) is a and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Based on the first historical legends,Chiaravalle Centrale dates back to the domination of the Normans and the subsequent occupation, around the year 1075, by Roger I and his successor Roger II, around the year 1130.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
"Polícia" is the fifth single by Titãs, from the album Cabeça Dinossauro, released in 1986. The song, written just after Tony Bellotto and Arnaldo Antunes were arrested for heroin traffic, criticizes the police. According to Branco Mello, vocalist of the band, the album Cabeça Dinossauro had "much of that disappointment of being arrested and to know you are not a criminal".
Sérgio Britto recorded the first take of his lead vocals while overhearing a conversation between producer Liminha and Evandro Mesquita about spearfishing, which made him angry. He wanted to record a second performance, but his band mates convinced him the first attempt was fine.
Besides, he only had three minutes to record his part. Originally, nobody wanted to take on lead vocals for the song, which Bellotto wrote having Paulo Miklos in mind. The members didn't even think "Polícia" had any potential at all. Since Britto only san two other songs from the album ("AA UU" and "Homem Primata"), he ended up singing "Polícia", as well.
By the time of the album's release, Bellotto said it would be naïve to think a country doesn't need the police to fight criminals and murderers, but he believed he didn't need the police in his life when he was arrested for heroin possession.
The song was covered by Brazilian band Sepultura. It was included on their albums Blood-Rooted (1997), Under a Pale Grey Sky (2002), the covered song was featured exclusively on the soundtrack version of Tales from the Crypt presents: Demon Knight (1995) and also on the Brazilian edition of Chaos A.D.. Originally, it was released as a B-side on the "Territory" single, released by Roadrunner Records.
"Polícia" was featured in the soundtrack of Elite Squad. A version of the song was used as the opening theme for a Rede Globo TV series called Força-Tarefa.
References
1986 singles
Songs about the military
Titãs songs
1986 songs
Songs written by Tony Bellotto
A special election for Negros Occidental's 5th district seat in the House of Representatives of the Philippines was on June 2, 2012. The special election was called after incumbent representative Iggy Arroyo died on January 26, 2012. Binalbagan Mayor Alejandro Mirasol defeated Negros Occidental Provincial Board Member Emilio Yulo III in the election.
Background
Iggy Arroyo, brother-in-law of Pampanga representative and former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, was in his third and final term as representative of Negros Occidental's 5th district when he died on January 26, 2012, in London.
A House resolution was filed declaring the seat vacant to pave the way for a special election, although Speaker Feliciano Belmonte, Jr. and Negros Occidental Commission on Elections supervisor Jessie Suarez expressed reservations since the 2013 elections were just more than a year away. Belmonte instead suggested of appointing a caretaker to attend to the projects in the district; representatives from the neighboring districts, Mercedes Alvarez (6th) and Jeffrey Ferrer (4th), expressed interest in serving as caretaker until a new representative has been elected. Provincial governor Alfredo Marañon also expressed reservations in continuing with the special election, while Negros Occidental Provincial Board Member Melvin Ibañez had expressed interest in contesting the seat if an election would be held.
On February 29, Belmonte, together with Negros Occidental representatives Alfredo Marañon III, Albee Benitez, Mercedes Alvarez and Julio Ledesma IV, filed a House resolution calling for a special election. On March 14, the House of Representatives passed the resolution approving the special election; the commission would have to schedule the date of the election. Possible candidates that were running include Arroyo's sister Marilou Arroyo-Lesaca (former representative of Ang Kasangga party-list), Binalbagan Mayor Alejandro Mirasol and Board Member Emilio Yulo III. The next night, the commission scheduled the special election on June 9. Benitez also announced that the United Negros Alliance (UNA), the province's dominant political party, will decide on who will they nominate for the vacant seat, with Benitez adding that the ruling Liberal Party has yet to state its preference among local politicians.
Election lawyer Romulo Macalintal said that the commission would just waste money on the special election, saying that money could have been better spent on basic services in the district. The Parish Pastoral Council for Responsible Voting (PPCRV) described the decision of holding the special election as "highly unconscionable" and a "total waste", stating that four months after election day, the filing of candidacies for the 2013 election would have had begun.
Campaign
The UNA meeting on March 24 ended in a stalemate as Mirasol and Yulo, his nephew, disagreed on how the nomination process will be conducted; Yulo wanted a ballot where the choice would be ticked, while Mirasol wanted a ballot where one has to write the name of the preferred nominee. There were also allegations of "grease money" distributed prior to the convention that led to Yulo calling off the convention.
On March 27, Arroyo-Lesaca announced that she will not contest the election, while the UNA would meet anew to decide on who among Mirasol and Ibañez will be their nominee; Mirasol is the frontrunner after being perceived to be the candidate by the Benigno Aquino III's administration. Later that week, Ibañez withdrew from the contest in favor of Mirasol; the latter is now seen as UNA's presumptive nominee. If Mirasol is not nominated by UNA, Grace Ibuna, Arroyo's longtime partner, will run. Other prospective candidates include former board member Enrique Montilla, a nephew of Arroyo-Lesaca, and former Isabela mayor Renato Malabor.
On a resolution dated March 28, the commission set the election on June 2, with a budget of more than 21 million pesos.
In a UNA caucus in Bacolod on April, it was decided that Mirasol would be their nominee for the special election. The governor, vice governor, the five other representatives, and all mayors in the 5th district gave their support to Mirasol. Only Himamaylan Mayor Agustin Ernesto Bascon, who was not present at the caucus, did not support Mirasol, instead endorsing Yulo. Ibuna expressed joy in Mirasol's nomination and will support him. Benitez also recruited Mirasol, a member of the Nationalist People's Coalition (NPC) to the Liberal Party, although he said that the Liberals will support Mirasol even though he would not join them.
Yulo said that he would not withdraw from the election. This comes as Yulo allegedly gave way to Arroyo in the 2010 election after being talked to by Mirasol. Yulo denied that Benitez was offering him to be included in 1DSWD's nominees in the 2013 party-list election to give way for Mirasol, and that he was not interested if ever he was offered. He admitted that while he won't match the financial resources of UNA and he only has the support of his cousin Mayor Bascon, he is not intimidated.
On April 20, Macalintal and fellow lawyer Antonio Carlos Bautista questioned the legality of the special election "because it will be held beyond the period as provided for by law." They argued that since Arroyo died on January 25, and that a special election "shall be called and held not earlier than 60 days nor longer than 90 days after the occurrence of the vacancy," the period of time when the election can be held is between March 25 and April 25.
Mirasol defected to the Liberal Party of President Aquino on May 5, along with his vice mayor and councilors, although he remained as a UNA member. As a result, Mirasol, who had previously been a Liberal in 1988 but joined the NPC after the Liberals disappeared from the province, got the endorsement of President Aquino. Former Las Piñas Representative Cynthia Villar, wife of Nacionalista party president and senator Manny Villar, announced they are supporting Yulo's candidacy.
The two candidates submitted their certificates of candidacies on May 16; Yulo went to the provincial elections office in the morning accompanied by his family, including Himamaylan mayor Bascon, where they handed out lollipops, while Mirasol submitted his certificate on the afternoon with the UNA officials. The two filed leaves of absence from their posts until the election period is over. In order to counter Mirasol's logistical advantage, Yulo will rely on his "lollipop campaign," where he distributes lollipops on the campaign trail, which had worked for him in previous elections.
Mirasol and Yulo signed a peace covenant pledging a peaceful election and denouncing the use of violence. The local government also promised that the police and military will be neutral in the election. On the eve of the election, both campaigns predicted victory; Governor Marañon hosted a rally at the Valeriano Gatuslao gym in Himamaylan for Mirasol, while Yulo ended the campaign on the road.
Results
Per municipality
The provincial board of canvassers declared Mirasol as the winner at 6:45 a.m. of June 3 at the Provincial Capitol in Bacolod. Commission on Elections chairman Sixto Brillantes, who had supervised the election, said that the election "was very peaceful, quiet and orderly. The weather did not cooperate but we still had a very good voters turnout at 73.41 percent." Mirasol won in Binalbagan, Isabela and La Castellana.
Aftermath
Mirasol again defeated Yulo in the 2013 general election, and in 2016. In 2019, Marilou Arroyo-Lesaca, Iggy's sister, was elected unopposed. Arroyo-Lesaca was then defeated in 2022 by Yulo.
2010 election result
References
External links
COMELEC Resolution No. 9400
2012 elections in the Philippines
Special elections to the Congress of the Philippines
Politics of Negros Occidental
The Electricity Generation Company (; EÜAŞ) is the largest electric power company in Turkey. Owned by the government, it produces and trades electricity throughout the country.
History
EÜAŞ was founded by the government in 2001. Its main purpose was to plan and implement the energy policy of Turkey which, through the exploitation of the domestic products and resources, would distribute cheap electric power to all Turkish citizens. In 2018 it took over the state-owned electricity trading firm TETAŞ.
Power plants
EUAŞ owns almost a fifth of Turkey's total generating capacity including coal, gas, hydro and wind power stations.
Lignite coalfields
EUAŞ owns most of the country's lignite in 7 coalfields, including the largest Elbistan.
Pollution and deaths
As it owns the old Can-1 and Afşin-Elbistan B power stations and buys from private sector lignite-fired plants its coal-fired electricity is highly polluting. In 2010 its coal-fired plants were responsible for over 50 thousand years of lost life and over a million working days lost.
Electricity Trading
Çan-2 coal-fired power station opened in 2018 and EÜAŞ guaranteed 7 years of electricity purchases at a cost of between 64 and 70m USD per year.
Economics
EÜAŞ (with state-owned gas and oil company BOTAŞ) is an oligopoly and sets a soft cap on electricity spot prices; whereas prices to end consumers are regulated. In 2018 EÜAŞ lost 1.8 billion lira. Support for coal in Turkey resulting from annual expenditures of EÜAȘ in primary materials and supplies is estimated at ₺953 million (US$272 million) per year (2016–2017 average). It is on the Global Coal Exit List. According to Carbon Tracker in 2021 $300 m of the company's coal power investment on the Istanbul Stock Exchange was at risk of stranding.
Sources
References
External links
"EÜAŞ" article Global Energy Monitor
"TETAŞ" article Global Energy Monitor
Electric power companies of Turkey
Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources (Turkey)
Government-owned energy companies
Mondéjar is a Spanish Denominación de Origen Protegida (DOP) for wines located in the southeast corner of the province of Guadalajara (Castile-La Mancha, Spain), around the town of Mondéjar. It covers 19 municipalities, the most important one being Sacedón.
History
Wine has been produced in this area for centuries, due to the strategic position that Mondéjar occupies on the road between Madrid and Valencia. The traditional market for the wines was strictly local. Originally, Mondéjar wines were classified as Vinos de la Tierra, but they acquired official DO status in 1997.
Climate
Surprisingly, despite being in the centre of the Iberian peninsula, the area around Mondéjar possesses a Mediterranean climate due to the easterly winds and the altitude. Even so, temperatures in summer are high (40°C max) and low in winter (-8°C max) with strong possibilities of frost even in April. Average annual rainfall is 500 mm.
Soils
The land covered by Mondéjar DOP is generally gentle rolling hills. It borders on the Vinos de Madrid DOP to the west and on the La Mancha DOP to the south.
The vineyards are at a height of about 800 m above sea level. In the southeast, around the town of Mondéjar itself, the vines are planted on red soil on lime bearing clay sediments, not very rocky and rich in potassium. In the north, around the town of Sacedón, the soils are dark, on marl, sandy and poor in nitrogen, magnesium and phosphates. In both zones, the subsoil is deep, has good permeability and is poor in organic matter.
Authorised Grape Varieties
The authorised grape varieties are:
Red: Tempranillo, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, and Garnacha
White: Macabeo, Malvar, Sauvignon Blanc, and Torrontés
Viticulture
The first leaf burst on the vines is in mid-March and the leaves start to fall at the beginning of November. 50% of the vines covered by the DOP are over 25 years old and produce an average of 5–6 kg/vine. The vine planting density is low at an average of 1,100 vines/ha.
References
External links
D.O.P. Mondéjar official website
Wine regions of Spain
Province of Guadalajara
Charles F. Snyder (1873–1901) was a Major League Baseball outfielder and catcher. He played for the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association in , their last year of existence.
External links
Major League Baseball outfielders
Major League Baseball catchers
Philadelphia Athletics (AA) players
19th-century baseball players
1873 births
1901 deaths
Baseball players from Camden, New Jersey
Reading (minor league baseball) players
Lebanon (minor league baseball) players
Easton (minor league baseball) players
York White Roses players
Philadelphia Colts players
Indianapolis Hoosiers (minor league) players
Christuskirche (German for Christ Church) may refer to:
Germany
Christuskirche (Königsberg) (now Kaliningrad, Russia), damaged in 1944/5 and demolished in 1960
Ratshof Church or Christuskirche, in Königsberg
Christuskirche, Mainz
Christuskirche, Walsdorf, in Idstein, Hesse
Christuskirche station, a Hamburg U-Bahn station in Eimsbüttel
Other countries
Christuskirche, Paris, France
Christuskirche, Rome, Italy
German Speaking Evangelical Congregation in Iran or Christuskirche Teheran
See also
Christ Church (disambiguation)
The Irish Whiskey Rebellion (also known as A Change in The Wind) is a 1972 crime drama, directed by Chester Erskine and starring William Devane, Anne Meara, Richard Mulligan, John Pleshette, David Groh, Stephen Joyce, and William Challee. It is based on a 1969 novel by Leslie Waller "A Change in The Wind." The film is set in Prohibition Era and shows a story of an IRA member who tries to land a shipment of contraband whiskey.
Plot
The film is set in 1927 on Fire Island. IRA veteran Harry Regan (Stephen Joyce) arrives to the US and wants to arrange a shipment of contraband whiskey to support the struggle for independence. He is being chased by a brutal Coast Guard Lt. Commander Ashley (William Devane) and confronts local crime syndicate member Maxie (David Groh).
Production
The Irish Whiskey Rebellion was filmed in September—early November 1971 on Fire Island, New York, mostly in Saltaire, Long Cove and Skunk Hollow. It is believed that director Chester Erskine used the pseudonym of "J. C. Works" on the film's credit (as author). The film featured newsreel footage from the 1916-1921 period in Ireland and of events associated with Charles Lindbergh's Atlantic crossing.
Critical response
TV Guide gave the film 2 starts out five with the verdict “Devane's performance is up to his usual high standard, and the period atmosphere is believable; but that's still not enough to raise the film above mediocrity”.
References
External links
1972 films
Cinerama Releasing Corporation films
Films directed by Chester Erskine
American crime drama films
1972 crime drama films
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
Gabriele Henkel (née Hünermann; 9 December 1931 - 28 September 2017), was a German art collector, art patron, author and artist. She was married to Konrad Henkel, the long-standing head of the Henkel Group.
Life
Gabriele Hünermann was born in Düsseldorf, a daughter of Theodor Hünermann, chief physician of the Marien Hospital there. After a deprived war childhood without schooling, her father sent her to London to be an au pair at the age of 16. After which she worked as a journalist for the weekly magazines, The Observer and Newsweek, and was the youngest member of the Federal Press Conference when she met Konrad Henkel at the Rhenish Carnival. The couple married in 1955, she took her husband's last name.
From 1970 to 2000, she collected art from all over the world for the Henkel company, therefore building up the Group's art collection. The works are located in the offices, meeting rooms and staff canteens at the companies headquarters in Düsseldorf. The collection comprises about 4,000 works.
Since 1972 she was a member of the International Advisory Board of the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
Through Bazon Brock, she received a lectureship for art history at the University of Wuppertal in 1983 where she became an honorary professor for communication design.
In 2001 she founded the Kythera Cultural Foundation, which has been awarding the Kythera Prize annually since 2002.
Henkel was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany, 1st Class. In 2009, she was honored with the Order of Merit of the State of North Rhine-Westphalia for her commitment to art and art education.
In 2016, she exhibited 40 pieces from the collection of classical modern and contemporary art outside the company for the first time at the K 20 art collection in Düsseldorf.
In August 2017, she published her memoirs under the title Die Zeit ist ein Augenblick. On 28 September 2017, an exhibition of Gabriele Henkel's works was opened at the Hetjens Museum in Düsseldorf. She played a decisive role in the design. She was not present at the vernissage; she died the following night at the age of 85.
Konrad and Gabriele Henkel are the parents of Christoph Henkel.
Literature
Tafelbilder. DuMont Reiseverlag, Cologne 1990,
Les beaux restes – Bilder der Vergänglichkeit. Klinkhardt und Biermann, Munich 1995,
Heine. Ein Bildermärchen. DuMont Reiseverlag, Cologne 1997,
Gabriele Henkel: Weiß ist alle Theorie – Zwischenräume, Richter, Düsseldorff 2001,
The Collection at Home – Sammlung Henkel. Zwei Bände, DuMont Literatur und Kunst Verlag, Cologne 2009, and
Aquarelle – Malereien am Wasser. Grupello Verlag, Düsseldorf 2015,
Die Zeit ist ein Augenblick: Erinnerungen. Deutsche Verlagsanstalt, Munich 2017,
References
German art collectors
Women art collectors
German autobiographers
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Members of the Order of Merit of North Rhine-Westphalia
1931 births
2017 deaths
Henkel family
Vladislav Nikolayevich Tikhomirov (; 14 August 1939 – 19 June 2017) was a Russian statesman. He was the 2nd Governor of Ivanovo Oblast from 1996 to 2000.
Biography
Vladislav Tikhomirov was born on 14 August 1939 in Kukoboy. His father, Nikolay, was a career officer, died at the front, and mother worked as a teacher.
In 1962, he graduated from the Ivanovo Agricultural Institute. From 1962 to 1964 he worked as an agronomist-economist at the Kineshemsky state farm.
Party career and political activity
From 1964 to 1971, he was the first secretary of the Kineshemsky District committee of the Komsomol, the head of the department, the second secretary of the Ivanovo regional committee of the Komsomol. From 1971 to 1975, he was the deputy head of the agriculture department of the Ivanovo Regional Committee of the CPSU, and the First Secretary of the Komsomolsk District Committee of the CPSU of the Ivanovo Oblast. From 1979 to 1987, he was the first secretary of the Gavrilovo-Posadsky District committee of the CPSU, and the secretary of the regional committee for the agro-industrial complex. From 1987 to 1990, he was the Chairman of the Executive Committee, and in 1990, Tikhomirov became Chairman of the Ivanovo Regional Council. Tikhomirov was elected People's Deputy of the RSFSR.
From 1994 to 1996, Tikokhmirov was the Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of the Ivanovo Oblast. In 1996, he was appointed and then elected governor of the Ivanovo Oblast (50.12% in the first round), ex officio was a member of the Federation Council, and was deputy chairman of the Committee on Agrarian Policy.
Tikhomirov did not stand in the 2000 gubernatorial election. From 2001 to 2005, he was a deputy of the Legislative Assembly of the Ivanovo Oblast of the third convocation, chair of the United Russia faction.
He died on 19 June 2017, and was buried in the Balino cemetery.
Personal life
He was married and had a son. He was fond of music.
References
1939 births
2017 deaths
Governors of Ivanovo Oblast
United Russia politicians
Members of the Federation Council of Russia (1996–2000)
People from Pervomaysky District, Yaroslavl Oblast
Brühwurst ("scalded sausage" or "parboiled sausage") is the collective name for several types of sausages according to the German classification. They are a cooked sausage that are scalded (parboiled), as opposed to being raw. They are typically prepared from raw meat that is finely chopped, are sometimes smoked, and are typically served hot.
In the English-speaking world such sausages are usually divided into two classes: cooked sausages (e.g. hot dogs) and cooked smoked sausages (e.g. kielbasa).
Characteristics and processing
The consistency of a scalded sausage depends on the water binding capacity of the meat. This is particularly high immediately after slaughter, so that sausages were traditionally made from "still warm, freshly slaughtered" meat. In contemporary times, sausages are mainly produced using chilled or matured meat. In addition, fat stabilization and structure formation (gelation) are crucial factors in cooked sausage.
Types
According to German guidelines, parboiled sausages are divided for meat and meat products, broadly divided into four groups:
Cooked sausages (frankfurters, Debrecener)
Boiled sausage, minced (Lyon, Weisswurst (white sausage), meatloaf, Burenwurst)
Coarse cooked sausage (smoked sausage, Krainer sausage, beer sausage, Krakauer)
Cooked sausage with inserts (Käsekrainer, ham sausage).
Additional types of brühwurst include Bierschinken, Knackwurst and Bierwurst.
Army provisions
Brühwurst have been used in army provisions as a non-perishable food (that does not require refrigeration) and as food that has properties similar to fresh products.
See also
List of sausages
References
Further reading
German sausages
Cooked sausages
Oak Hill, built in 1853, is an historic home located at 26 Aspen Street in Calvert City, Kentucky. It was built by Potilla Calvert, the founder of Calvert City and the man for whom the city was named. It was named a historic Kentucky landmark in August 1973. On December 31, 1974, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The present appearance of the house was created in 1949 when any Victorian era features were removed or hidden. A two-story four-column portico with a second floor iron balcony and a Georgian style door frame were then added.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Kentucky
Houses in Marshall County, Kentucky
National Register of Historic Places in Marshall County, Kentucky
Over the Overlords is the sixth studio album by Chicago punk band Naked Raygun. It was released on August 2, 2021, on Wax Trax! Records. It is their first album in 31 years.
The album features an instrumental that appears in the first and last tracks, and occasionally as interludes throughout the album, mostly with a repeating drum line.
Background
The album is notable for being the last release to feature bassist Pierre Kezdy, due to his death in October 2020. Although the album was released after Pierre's death, and also featured bassist Fritz Doreza, Pierre had recorded for the album prior to his death.
The album is also notable for being the first Naked Raygun album since 1990's Raygun...Naked Raygun, and the first release of new material since the series of singles the band released in 2009, 2010, and 2011.
In 2020, ProRawk Records released a compilation album titled ...On the Rawks, which featured the song "Broken Things". This would be the first release of a song from the album, although "Broken Things" would not be released as a single until November 19, 2021, along with a lyric video.
The album's first official single was "Living in the Good Times", which premiered as a music video on April 9, 2021. The music video features many fan-submitted clips of people singing the song in their homes, and contains a guest appearance from Daryl Wilson of The Bollweevils. It was filmed in and on the roof of Cobra Lounge in Chicago.
The song "Ode to Sean McKeough" is a tribute to former Cobra Lounge/All Rise Brewing owner and Riot Fest co-founder Sean McKeough, who passed away from a stroke in 2016.
Track listing
Note: The CD and vinyl releases do not feature "Intro", "Vijay's Big Organ", "Eric's Across the Street", or "Outro Outre" on the printed track listing.
Note: The live version of "Knock Me Down" is specified as "live in Chicago 2015" on physical releases.
Personnel
Naked Raygun
Jeff Pezzati – vocals
Eric Spicer – drums
Pierre Kezdy – bass
Bill Stephens – guitar
Fritz Doreza – bass
Additional musicians and production
Steven Gills – recording, engineering, mixing, production, additional keys
Naked Raygun – production
Mike Chicowicz – trumpet
Henry Salgado – trombone
Paul Mertens – tenor saxophone
Vijay Tellis-Nayak – additional keys
Morgan Spencer – backing vocals on "Suicide Bomb"
Ted Jenson – mastering
Album art and design
Mark Skillicorn – design
Brian Trost – design
Miguel Echemendia – cover illustration
References
2021 albums
Naked Raygun albums
Wax Trax! Records albums
Camberwell North was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Southwark
Camberwell
Ganot () is a moshav in central Israel. Located near the Hiriya (now Ariel Sharon Park) it falls under the jurisdiction of Sdot Dan Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
During the 18th and 19th centuries, the area of Ganot belonged to the Nahiyeh (sub-district) of Lod that encompassed the area of the present-day city of Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut in the south to the present-day city of El'ad in the north, and from the foothills in the east, through the Lod Valley to the outskirts of Jaffa in the west. This area was home to thousands of inhabitants in about 20 villages, who had at their disposal tens of thousands of hectares of prime agricultural land.
The village was first established in 1950 by demobilised soldiers, but was later abandoned. It was re-established in 1955 by Rassco (the Rural and Suburban Settlement Company) and took in residents from all over the country. Its name is taken from the Book of Amos 9:14;
And I will turn the captivity of My people Israel, and they shall build the waste cities, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and drink the wine thereof; they shall also make gardens, and eat the fruit of them.
The Ganot interchange, a junction between Highway 1 and Highway 4, is located next to the moshav.
References
Moshavim
Agricultural Union
Populated places established in 1950
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1950 establishments in Israel
United States Navy Special Projects Office (SPO) is a former research and design office of the United States Navy, responsible for the coordination of the development and design of the US Navy Fleet Ballistic Missiles (FBM) Polaris and Poseidon.
The Special Projects Office was initiated in 1956 as new organization with a mandate to develop a submarine-launched solid-fuel fleet ballistic missile. The Special Projects Office reported directly to Admiral Arleigh Burke, and the secretary of the Navy, an unprecedented bypass of the Navy bureaus that signalled the Navy's commitment to the FBM concept.
To direct the Special Projects Office, at John H. Sides' persistent suggestion, Burke selected Sides' former deputy, Rear Admiral William F. Raborn, Jr., whose phenomenal success in that role would earn him renown as the father of Polaris.
The Special Projects Office (SPO) is also known for the development of the planning and scheduling methodology, known as Program Evaluation and Review Technique or just PERT, and first published in 1958.
History
Origins
On September 13, 1955, President Dwight D. Eisenhower directed the Navy to design a ship-launched Fleet Ballistic Missile (FBM) similar to the Army's Jupiter IRBM. John H. Sides, director of the guided-missile division in the office of the chief of naval operations, and the Navy protested that liquid-fuel rockets like Jupiter were too dangerous for shipboard use and pushed instead for submarine-launched solid-fuel rockets for tactical use against enemy submarine bases. However, on November 17, 1955, Secretary of Defense Charles E. Wilson ordered the Navy to join the Army on Jupiter development, and specified that all such missile development would not be externally funded but would have to be carved out of the existing Navy budget.
Despite strong support from the Chief of Naval Operations (CNO) Admiral Arleigh Burke, the program ballistic missile system for the fleet did not develop well, also due to the resistance of the bureaucracy in the Navy. Desiring to strengthen the status of the program and accelerate the development of its own missile, the Admiral created the Special Projects Office (SPO), independent of other technical offices, whose sole task was to support the work on the marine ballistic missile.
At the head of the Special Projects Office was appointed Admiral William Raborn, a former Navy pilot, chosen by Burke due to his personal qualities and belief in the military, rather than his vision on the technical run of the program. In these endeavors, Admiral Burke had strong support from the Secretary of the Navy Charles Thomas.
Research challenges
Work on the marine version of the Jupiter missile gained momentum in 1956, while the year 1959 was sets as the date of dispatch for the first modified missiles on board commercial vessels at sea. For the naval version of the missile a drive based on solid fuel was considered. Some studies had showed, that this could be used in nuclear-powered submarine with ballistic missiles up to 8,300 tonnes.
During the program, the US Navy had doubts about the application of liquid fuel missiles on board, so initiated studies on the possibility of the use of drives on solid fuel, which, however, limited the ability to transfer cargo. A breakthrough in this area occurred in 1956, when scientists discovered a way to significantly reduce the size of thermonuclear warheads.
Father of the American hydrogen bomb - Dr. Edward Teller had stated in the summer of 1956, that soon heads weighing 400 pounds (181 kg) will have the power of a bomb explosion 5000-pound (2270 kg). In September that year, the US Atomic Energy Agency estimated, that such a small nuclear warhead would be available in 1965, with some chance of making it back in 1963. The development of this specific program coincided with the intensive work on the high thrust drive on solid fuels.
These developments made admiral Raborn decide, August 1956, to initiate a joined program with the US Navy and US Army. It was connected with the formal initiation of the small solid-fuel missile, which has been accepted by the Secretary of Defense in December 1956.
Program Evaluation and Review Technique PERT
Program Evaluation and Review Technique PERT is developed for the U.S. Navy Special Projects Office in 1957 to support the U.S. Navy's Polaris nuclear submarine project. PERT was developed primarily to simplify the planning and scheduling of large and complex projects, and has found applications all over industry.
PERT had been made public in 1958 in two publications of the U.S. Department of the Navy, entitled Program Evaluation Research Task, Summary Report, Phase 1. and Program Evaluation Research Task, Summary Report, Phase 2. In a 1959 article in The American Statistician Willard Fazar, Head of the Program Evaluation Branch, Special Projects Office, U.S. Navy, gave a detailed description of the development, that led to the Program Evaluation and Review Technique. He explained:
For the subdivision of work units in PERT another tool was developed: the Work Breakdown Structure. The Work Breakdown Structure provides "a framework for complete networking, the Work Breakdown Structure was formally introduced as the first item of analysis in carrying out basic PERT/COST."
Renamed the Strategic Systems Project Office
Due to changing interests in the naval programs, in 1968, the Special Projects Office was renamed the Strategic Systems Project Office and its tasks had been extended.
Selected publications
U.S. Dept. of the Navy. Program Evaluation Research Task, Summary Report, Phase 1. Washington, D.C., Government Printing Office, 1958.
U.S. Dept. of the Navy. Program Evaluation Research Task, Summary Report, Phase 2. Washington, D.C., Government Printing Office, 1958.
United States. Polaris management, Fleet ballistic missile program. Washington, D.C. : U.S. Govt. Print. Off., 1962.
References
Bibliography
Norman Polmar. Cold War Submarines, The Design and Construction of US and Soviet Submarines. More KJ. Potomac Books, Inc., 2003. .
Graham Spinardi. From Polaris Trident: the development of US Fleet ballistic missile technology. Cambridge [England]: Cambridge University Press, 1994. .
Norman Friedman, James L. Christley. US Submarines Since 1945: An Illustrated Design History. Naval Institute Press. .
External links
United States Navy organization
The Spasskaya Tower (), translated as 'Saviour Tower', is the main tower on the eastern wall of the Moscow Kremlin which overlooks Red Square.
History
The Spasskaya Tower was built in 1491 by the Italian architect Pietro Antonio Solari. Initially, it was named the Frolovskaya Tower after the Church of Frol and Lavr in the Kremlin, which is no longer there. The tower's modern name comes from the icon of 'Spas Nerukotvorny' () translated as 'The Saviour Not Made by Hands', which was placed above the gates on the inside wall in 1658 and removed in 1917. The tower is also named for the wall-painted icon of 'Spas Smolensky' () translated as 'Smolensky Saviour', which was created in the 16th century on the outside wall of the tower, plastered over in 1937, but reopened and restored in 2010.
The Spasskaya Tower was the first tower of the many Moscow Kremlin Towers to be crowned with the hipped roof in 1624–1625 by architects Bazhen Ogurtsov and Christopher Galloway (a Scottish architect and clockmaker). According to a number of historical accounts, the clock on the Spasskaya Tower appeared between 1491 and 1585. It is usually referred to as the Kremlin chimes (Кремлёвские куранты) and designates official Moscow Time. The clock face has a diameter of . The gate of Spasskaya Tower was used to greet foreign dignitaries, and was also used during formal ceremonies or processions held on Red Square.
Reverence and respect for the Tsar
The tower gate was once the main entrance into the Kremlin. In tsarist times, anyone passing through the gates had to remove their headgear, crossing themselves and dismount their horses. This practice was revived after the Icon of the Saviour was restored in 2010, but ceremonially.
"The Russians have always regarded the Spasskaya Tower with great reverence. According to old legends, the tower was possessed with miraculous powers and was reputed to protect the Kremlin from enemy invasion. People passing through the gates would always observe the custom of crossing themselves and doffing their hats to show their respect, and horses passing under the gates of the tower were said to shy. In fact, legend has it that Napoleon himself could not prevent his horse from taking fright as he rode through the gates, having failed to show his respect, and the French Emperor's hat was said to have fallen from his head."
The Spasskaya Tower was commissioned to be built by Ivan III, or Ivan the Great, the leader of the Grand Duchy of Moscow, and the grandfather of Ivan the Terrible.
Soviet Union and modern day uses
After the rise of the Soviet Union, in 1936 Joseph Stalin replaced the two-headed eagle on top of the Spasskaya Tower with a red star because he wanted to remove all evidence of the former Tsarist period. The star rotates in 360°. The height of the tower with the star is 71 meters.
The tradition of dismounting the horse and removing the cap ended during the Soviet era, when the Kremlin became the center of government and politics. Cars approached the gate head on from the Lobnoye Mesto and the road beside the GUM department store. All other traffic was routed through the Borovitsky gate.
Various cathedrals were demolished throughout the years to make room for other government buildings. It was not until 1955 during the rule of Nikita Khrushchev that the Kremlin was reopened to foreign visitors; the Kremlin was turned into a museum in 1961 and added to the World Heritage List in 1990. The daughter of Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin is the current director of the Kremlin Museums, Elena Gagarina. There are many cathedrals inside the Kremlin walls, and many of them hold church services, however irregularly because the cathedrals are still operated as museums.
The Spasskaya Gate posed an issue following the collapse of communism. In the new capitalist and market-based economy, the passage of vehicles disrupted the flow of pedestrians to GUM and other shopping centers, even though few vehicles actually passed through the gate each day. In 1999, the decision was made to finally close the gate to all traffic. The signal lights and guard platforms still remain. The gate is used occasionally when repairs must be made to the Borovissky Gate. However, in that case, all traffic is routed from Vasilyevsky Spusk. Nowadays, the gate opens to receive the presidential motorcades on inauguration day, for the victory parades, and to receive the New Year's tree.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin discussed building two monasteries and a church with the city's mayor, Sergey Sobyanin. Gromov would like to get the approval for demolition on one of the administration buildings. This administration building is not an "UNESCO World Heritage Site or an object that has any historical or cultural significance".
Spasskaya Tower is also the honorific for the International Military Music Festival "Spasskaya Tower"., which is based within the grounds of Red Square.
In August 2010 the icon of Smolensk Saviour was uncovered and restored above the gate (see picture below). This begins the tradition of the parade inspector to remove his headgear and cross himself before the inspection of troops during all Moscow Victory Day Parades.
Beginning in 2016, there has been an hourly guard mounting ceremony by the Kremlin Regiment within the area of the gate.
Inscription on Spasskaya Gate
On top of the gates of Spasskaya Tower, there appears the following inscription (it is inscribed in Latin):
In Latin:
IOANNES VASILII DEI GRATIA MAGNUS DUX VOLODIMERIÆ, MOSCOVIÆ, NOVOGARDIÆ, TFERIÆ, PLESCOVIÆ, VETICIÆ, ONGARIÆ, PERMIÆ, BUOLGARIÆ ET ALIAS TOTIUSQUE RAXIE DOMINUS, ANNO 30 IMPERII SUI HAS TURRES CONDERE FECIT ET STATUIT PETRUS ANTONIUS SOLARIUS MEDIOLANENSIS ANNO NATIVIT ATIS DOMINI 1491 KALENDIS MARTIIS IUSSIT PONERE.
In English:
Ivan Vasiliyevich, by the grace of God the Grand Duke of Vladimir, Moscow, Novgorod, Tver, Pskov, Vyatka, Yugra, Perm, Bulghar, and for other reasons that of all of Raxis, the year of 30 their government, these towers he did [commission] a Pietro Antonio Solari of Milan in the first of March, in the year of the Lord 1491.
Notes
Sources
External links
Moscow Kremlin Museum
Website of President of Russia
Spasskaya Tower on Rusarh.ru
Clock of Spasskaya Tower
Buildings and structures completed in 1491
Towers completed in the 15th century
Red Square
Moscow Kremlin
Towers in Moscow
Moscow Kremlin towers
Clock towers in Russia
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Moscow
This is a discography of the punk rock band Bayside. Since forming in 2000 the band has released 8 studio albums, several EPs and one live album.
Studio albums
Live albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
Loveless Wrists (2003)
Masterpiece (2004)
Devotion and Desire (2005)
Duality (2007)
Carry On (2008)
No One Understands (2008)
Sick, Sick, Sick (2010)
Time Has Come (2014)
Pigsty (2014)
Pretty Vacant (2016)
I've Been Dead All Day (2016)
Mary (2017)
It Doesn't Exist (2018)
Interrobang (2019)
Light Me Up (2020)
Strangest Faces (2022)
Appearances on compilations
From Brooklyn With Love (Dying Wish Records, 2002) – Song featured: Count The Score & Advance Letter Goodbye"Punk vs. Emo (2003) – Song featured: Loveless WristsBad Scene, Everyone's Fault: Jawbreaker Tribute (Dying Wish Records, 2003) – Song featured: ChemistryDead And Dreaming: An Indie Tribute To Counting Crows Tribute (The Vinyl Summer Records, 2004) – Song featured: A Long December'''Resident Evil: Extinction' Official Soundtrack (Lakeshore Records, 2007) – Song featured: Duality (Project Alice String Remix)
Warped Tour 2007 Tour Compilation (Sideonedummy Records, 2007) – Song featured: Duality
Punk Goes Pop 2 (Fearless Records, 2009) – Song featured: Beautiful Girls (Cover)
Take Action! Vol. 8 (Hopeless Records, 2009) – Song featured: You've Already Been
Take Action! Vol. 10 (Hopeless Records, 2011) – Song featured: Battle Scars
Bayside/Saves The Day/I Am The Avalanche/Transit 7" Split (Rise Records, 2011) – Song featured: Sick, Sick, Sick (Demo)
Bridge and Tunnel Original Motion Picture Soundtrack - Song Featured: Indiana.
Green Day: The Early Years'' (2017) – "Burnout" (Green Day cover)
References
Discographies of American artists
Artocarpus mariannensis (Chamorro: dugdug), also known as the Marianas breadfruit or the seeded breadfruit, is a species of plant in the mulberry / fig family, Moraceae. It is endemic to the Mariana Islands and Guam. It has been utilised extensively by the Micronesian people, being one of the staple food crops that was introduced to other islands in Micronesia.
See also
Domesticated plants and animals of Austronesia
References
mariannensis
Micronesian cuisine
Flora of the Mariana Islands
Stockholm Free World Forum (Swedish: Frivärld) is a foreign policy think tank centered in Stockholm, Sweden. It was founded in 2011 by Mats Johansson, and is since January 2015 headed by Katarina Tracz.
It is funded by the , which also funds the free-market think tank Timbro (of which it has been described as "an offshoot").
Notes and references
External links
Think tanks established in 2011
Think tanks based in Sweden
2011 establishments in Sweden
Ron Pardo (born May 15, 1967) is a Canadian actor and comedian. He has performed roles in over 90 animated series. On PAW Patrol, Pardo has voiced Cap'n Turbot since the first episode, and later voiced the breakout villain Mayor Humdinger as well as various other characters. Pardo is also known for playing a wide variety of celebrities on the sketch comedy series History Bites.
Early life
Pardo was raised in Pardoville, Ontario (named after his ancestors), a small farming hamlet near Chatham. He went to school in nearby Blenheim, and later studied radio and television at Ryerson University in Toronto, followed by working on-air and as a copywriter at CFCO Radio. Pardo later attended the University of Western Ontario in London to study education and worked as a teacher for 12 years in Cambridge, Ontario.
Career
Ron Pardo realized early on that he had a talent for mimicry, first of cartoon characters and later of celebrities. In 1994, he started performing stand-up comedy, and in 1995, he resigned his teaching position, having won Yuk Yuk's Search for Canada's Funniest New Comic Award. He headlined at comedy clubs and corporate events for several years.
In 1997, Pardo came to the attention of Rick Green, former member of The Frantics. Green hired Pardo to perform several characters for the pilot of Rick's new show History Bites. Pardo starred on the show for five seasons, plus several specials, receiving ensemble cast Gemini Award nominations in 2000, 2005, and 2008.
Pardo provides the voices of Cap'n Turbot and Mayor Humdinger in PAW Patrol, Maxum Man in Sidekick, Newton in later episodes of Ned's Newt, and Rupert McKenzie in Bob & Doug, for which he received a 2010 ACTRA outstanding voice performance nomination.
He also voices the title character "Quest" in the Teletoon animated TV series World of Quest, along with the voice of his sidekick, Graer. Pardo plays many characters, such as Hal-G, in the Spin Master animated series Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
His other animated voice work includes roles in Almost Naked Animals, Wishfart, Totally Spies, Carl², Braceface, and Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Ron Pardo
1967 births
Living people
Canadian comedy writers
Canadian impressionists (entertainers)
Canadian male comedians
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male voice actors
Male actors from Ontario
People from Chatham-Kent
University of Western Ontario alumni
Vutrisiran, sold under the brand name Amvuttra, is a medication used for the treatment of the polyneuropathy of hereditary transthyretin-mediated (hATTR) amyloidosis in adults. It is a small interfering RNA (siRNA) that interferes with the expression of the transthyretin (TTR) gene.
Vutrisiran was approved for medical use in the United States in June 2022.
Vutrisiran is the international nonproprietary name (INN).
History
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted the application for vutrisiran orphan drug designation.
Society and culture
Legal status
On 21 July 2022, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) adopted a positive opinion, recommending the granting of a marketing authorization for the medicinal product Amvuttra, intended for treatment of hereditary transthyretin-mediated (hATTR) amyloidosis. Amvuttra was designated as an orphan medicinal product on 25 May 2018. The applicant for this medicinal product is Alnylam Netherlands B.V. Text was copied from this source which is copyright European Medicines Agency. Reproduction is authorized provided the source is acknowledged.</ref>
References
External links
Orphan drugs
RNA interference
Richard Fantl (1903–1961) was an American film editor. He was under contract to the Hollywood studio Columbia Pictures for many years. He later worked in television.
Selected filmography
Mariners of the Sky/Navy Born (1936)
Westbound Mail (1937)
Murder in Greenwich Village (1937)
The Durango Kid (1940)
Blazing Six Shooters (1940)
Nobody's Children (1940)
I Was a Prisoner on Devil's Island (1941)
A Man's World (1942)
Stand By All Networks (1942)
Rough, Tough and Ready (1945)
Drifting Along (1946)
Galloping Thunder (1946)
The Woman from Tangier (1948)
Kazan (1949)
When the Redskins Rode (1951)
Al Jennings of Oklahoma (1951)
Indian Uprising (1952)
References
Bibliography
Wheeler W. Dixon. Lost in the Fifties: Recovering Phantom Hollywood. SIU Press, 2005.
External links
1903 births
1961 deaths
American film editors
Olea lancea grows as a shrub or small tree up to tall.
Distribution
It is known from Madagascar, Mauritius, La Réunion and Rodrigues.
References
lancea
The Paramo tapaculo (Scytalopus opacus) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in the Andes of Ecuador and southern Colombia.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Paramo tapaculo was originally described as a subspecies of Magellanic tapaculo (Scytalopus magellanicus) and then as a subspecies of paramillo tapaculo (S. canus). Krabbe and Cadena (2010) showed that they have very different voices. Based on that data, The South American Classification Committee (SACC) of the American Ornithologists' Union (now the American Ornithological Society, AOS) elevated it to species rank and the International Ornithological Congress (IOC) and Clements taxonomy followed suit.
The Paramo tapaculo is monophyletic. The former subspecies S. o. androstictus was elevated by the SACC to species status as the Loja tapaculo in July 2020 and by the IOC in January 2021.
Description
The Paramo tapaculo resembles other Scytalopus tapaculos. It is approximately long. Males weigh and females . Males are very dark gray above and medium to dark gray on most of the underside. The flanks and vent area are tawny to dark brown with darker barring. The female is brown above and pale to medium gray on most of the underside. Like the male it has brownish flanks and vent area. The juveniles are highly variable, but generally have shades of brown and barring above and shades of gray and buff below with or without barring.
Distribution and habitat
The Paramo tapaculo ranges the central Andes from southern Colombia to south-central Ecuador. It generally inhabits shrub and scrublands at and above treeline but can also be found in Polylepis woodland and high elevation humid forest. Its elevation range is typically between . It is believed to be sedentary.
Behavior
The Paramo tapaculo forages on and near the ground for small arthropods and occasionally for berries.
Little is known about the Paramo tapaculo's breeding phenology. Females with brood patches and juveniles have been collected in March, May, and November.
Status
The IUCN has rated the Paramo tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. Its range spans approximately 188,000 km² (72,600 mi²). Its population has not been determined but is believed to be stable. The species is fairly common and it occurs in several protected areas in both Colombia and Ecuador.
References
Paramo tapaculo
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Páramo fauna
Paramo tapaculo
Paramo tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The initials LWS may refer to:
Lethal white syndrome, a genetic disorder of horses
Lewiston-Nez Perce County Airport, Idaho, US
LWS (aircraft manufacturer), Poland, 1936-1939
Living With a Star
Lewes railway station, a railway station in Sussex, England
Events in the year 1283 in Norway.
Events
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
9 April – Margaret of Scotland, Queen of Norway, Queen consort (born 1261).
References
Norway
Ciao Bella (Italian for "Hello and/or Goodbye beautiful") is a Canadian television sitcom that debuted on CBC Television in the 2004–05 television season.
Set in Montreal, Quebec, the series centres on Elena Battista (Claudia Ferri), a young, single Italian-Canadian woman whose desire for a modern lifestyle conflicts with the traditional values of her family. In the season premiere, she is hit by a bus on the way to the florist to exchange a corsage on her sister's wedding day. In the ensuing coma, she promises God that if she is allowed to live, she will take advantage of her life and live it on her own terms instead of letting her family run it for her.
Steve Galluccio, who created the series, explored similar themes in the theatrical play Mambo Italiano. Ferri appeared in the film adaptation of that play as a different character.
Each episode was filmed twice, in both English and French, with no dubbing. The French version aired on Télévision de Radio-Canada.
Cast
Claudia Ferri as Elena Batista
Ellen David as Sophia Batista
Tony Calabretta as Edwardo Batista
Jessica Heafey as Carmie Batista
Peter Miller as Elio Lanza
Carl Alacchi as Uncle Nunzio
Dorothée Berryman as Theresa Lanza
Louis Philippe Dandenault as Ernie
Johnny Falcone as Maurizio
References
External links
CBC Television original programming
Ici Radio-Canada Télé original programming
2004 Canadian television series debuts
2005 Canadian television series endings
Television shows set in Montreal
Works about Italian-Canadian culture
2000s Canadian sitcoms
Chiara Simionato (born 4 July 1975 in Treviso) is an Italian long track speed skater who competed in 2002 Winter Olympics and the 2006 Winter Olympics. She competed for Italy at the 2010 Winter Olympics in the women's 500m, 1000m, and 1500m.
Her sister is speed skater Paola Simionato.
References
External links
Chiara Simionato's website
Speed skaters at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Italian female speed skaters
Olympic speed skaters of Italy
1976 births
Living people
World Sprint Speed Skating Championships medalists
Thomery station (French: Gare de Thomery) is a railway station in Thomery, Île-de-France, France.
The Station
The station is located on the Paris–Marseille railway line. The station is served by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon).
The station was designed by the architect François-Alexis Cendrier, one of many he worked on for the railroad company Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée.
Train services
The following services currently call at Thomery:
local service (Transilien R) Paris–Melun–Montereau
See also
Transilien Paris–Lyon
External links
Transilien network map
Transilien website
Railway stations in Seine-et-Marne
Loloma Irene Livingston (1920 – 23 July 2010) was a Fijian artist and politician. Alongside Irene Jai Narayan and Losalini Raravuya Dovi, she was one of the first female members of the Legislative Council.
Political career
A fourth-generation European Fijian, Livingston trained as a nurse. She contested the Western General seat in the 1966 elections as the Alliance Party candidate, and was elected with a majority of over 1,000.
Livingston was a motoring enthusiast and was a member of the North West Car Club. She was also an advocate of adult education, and taught a series of English classes.
She died in Queensland, Australia in July 2010.
References
1920 births
20th-century Fijian women politicians
20th-century Fijian politicians
Members of the Legislative Council of Fiji
2010 deaths
Fijian emigrants to Australia
Gazeta.ua ( 'Newspaper in Ukrainian') is an illustrated newspaper based in Kyiv covering politics, economics, culture, sports, arts, and other different topics and aimed at Ukrainian-language readers. It is chiefly published in Ukrainian, but quotes in Russian are not translated. The newspaper has its own website, Gazeta.ua, where archives and additional information not included in the print newspaper may be found. It has also editorial offices in Lviv, Vinnytsia, Poltava, and Cherkasy. The owner of the newspaper is New Information Publishing Group, which also owns the magazine Krayina (The Country).
See also
List of newspapers in Ukraine
External links
Gazeta.ua website
2005 establishments in Ukraine
Newspapers established in 2005
Ukrainian-language newspapers
Newspapers published in Ukraine
APINACA (AKB48, N-(1-adamantyl)-1-pentyl-1H-indazole-3-carboxamide) is a drug that acts as a reasonably potent agonist for the cannabinoid receptors, with a Ki of 304.5nM and an EC50 of 585nM at CB1. It had never previously been reported in the scientific or patent literature, and was first identified by laboratories in Japan in March 2012 as an ingredient in synthetic cannabis smoking blends, along with a related compound APICA. Structurally, it closely resembles cannabinoid compounds from a University of Connecticut patent (WO 2003/035005), but with a simple pentyl chain on the indazole 1-position, and APINACA falls within the claims of this patent despite not being disclosed as an example.
Legality
APINACA was made illegal in Japan in 2012, and was banned as a temporary class drug in New Zealand from 13 July 2012.
APINACA has been banned in Latvia since 14 November 2013.
Since 2013, APINACA has been a Schedule I controlled substance in the United States.
It is also banned in Germany as an Anlage II controlled drug.
APINACA is listed in the Fifth Schedule of the Misuse of Drugs Act (MDA) and therefore illegal in Singapore as of May 2015.
As of October 2015 APINACA is a controlled substance in China.
APINACA is banned in the Czech Republic.
Detection
A forensic standard of APINACA is available, and the compound has been posted on the Forendex website of potential drugs of abuse.
See also
5F-AB-PINACA
5F-ADB
5F-AMB
5F-APINACA
5F-CUMYL-PINACA
AB-CHFUPYCA
AB-CHMINACA
AB-FUBINACA
AB-PINACA
ADAMANTYL-THPINACA
ADB-CHMINACA
ADB-FUBINACA
ADB-PINACA
ADBICA
APICA
FUB-APINACA
MDMB-CHMICA
PX-3
SDB-001
STS-135
Synthetic cannabinoid
Synthetic cannabis
References
Adamantanes
Cannabinoids
Designer drugs
Indazolecarboxamides
Shaquan Montez Sweat (born September 4, 1996) is an American football defensive end for the Washington Commanders of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Michigan State, Copiah–Lincoln Community College, and Mississippi State before being drafted by Washington in the first round of the 2019 NFL Draft.
High school and college career
Sweat attended Stephenson High School in Stone Mountain, Georgia, where he was rated as one of the top tight ends in the country. Sweat committed to Michigan State to play college football, where he played in two games for them in 2014, recording one sack, before redshirting in 2015. He left Michigan State in 2016 and enrolled at the Copiah–Lincoln Community College in Mississippi, where he also played for their football team. In 2017, he left again to play for the Mississippi State Bulldogs. In his first season at Mississippi State, Sweat registered 10.5 sacks and was named to the 2017 All-SEC football team. He then followed up by recording 12 sacks as a senior in 2018, making the 2018 All-SEC football team and being named an All-American.
Professional career
Washington Redskins / Football Team / Commanders
2019
At the 2019 NFL Combine, Montez set a combine record for a defensive lineman running the 40-yard dash at 4.41 seconds. At the same time, Sweat was diagnosed with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy at his combine health physical. However, it was soon discovered to have been a misdiagnosis due to an improper measuring of his heart. Sweat was eventually selected by the Washington Redskins in the first round, 26th overall, of the 2019 NFL Draft. The team traded back up into the first round to select him after using their original pick on Dwayne Haskins. He signed his four-year rookie contract on May 29, 2019, worth $11.6 million, including a $6.4 million signing bonus. In Week 3 against the Chicago Bears on Monday Night Football, Sweat recorded his first career sack in a 31–15 loss. In Week 17 against the Dallas Cowboys, Sweat sacked Dak Prescott twice, one of which that forced a fumble which was recovered, during a 47–16 loss.
2020
In a game against the Dallas Cowboys on Thanksgiving, Sweat intercepted a pass thrown by Dalton late in the fourth quarter and returned it 15 yards for a touchdown that lead to a 41–16 Washington victory. The following week against the Pittsburgh Steelers, Sweat tipped a pass late in the fourth quarter that lead to an interception by Jon Bostic to help secure a 23-17 win over the then-undefeated Steelers. In Week 15 Sweat batted a pass by Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson which was then intercepted by Daron Payne.
2021
Sweat suffered a jaw fracture during a Week 8 game against the Denver Broncos and was placed on injured reserve as a result. After testing positive, he was placed on the COVID-19 reserve list on December 8, 2021. On December 18, he was taken off the COVID-19 list and placed back on the active roster two days later. In the Week 15 against the Philadelphia Eagles, Sweat recorded a sack and forced a fumble, which was recovered by Landon Collins, on quarterback Jalen Hurts.
2022
On April 27, 2022, the Commanders exercised the fifth-year option in Sweat's contract.
NFL career statistics
Personal life
Sweat was raised by his grandparents as a child. Both his mother and older brother died in 2021; the latter being killed at the age of 27 in a shooting in Henrico County, Virginia.
As a rookie, Sweat signed a sponsorship deal with Old Spice and was featured in television commercials for their products.
When asked by the media about the COVID-19 vaccine in June 2021, he stated that he "was not a fan" and had no current plans to get one.
References
External links
Washington Commanders bio
Mississippi State Bulldogs bio
Co–Lin Wolves bio
1996 births
Living people
Players of American football from Georgia (U.S. state)
African-American players of American football
American football defensive ends
American football outside linebackers
Mississippi State Bulldogs football players
Michigan State Spartans football players
Washington Commanders players
Washington Football Team players
Washington Redskins players
Copiah-Lincoln Wolfpack football players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
First-move advantage may refer to:
First-move advantage in chess
First-mover advantage, a strategy in marketing
See also
Komidashi, a compensation for first-move advantage in Go
The Calgary Roughnecks are a lacrosse team based in Calgary, Alberta playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2007 season was the 6th in franchise history. The Roughnecks finished 2nd in the western division with a 9-7 record but were eliminated in the first round of the playoffs by the Arizona Sting.
Regular season
Conference standings
Game log
Reference:
Playoffs
Game log
Reference:
Player stats
Reference:
Runners (Top 10)
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals against; Sv% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average
Awards
Roster
Reference:
See also
2007 NLL season
References
Calgary
Events in the year 1136 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch - Harald IV Gille and Magnus IV Sigurdsson then Sigurd II Haraldsson and Inge I Haraldsson
Events
14 December – Harald IV Gille is assassinated within his sleep. Sigurd Slembe arranged for the assassination.
Deaths
14 December – Harald IV Gille of Norway, King (born c.' 1103).
References
Norway
Magatte Sarr (born 2 September 1999) is a French footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Ermis, on loan from Enosis.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1999 births
Living people
French footballers
French expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Cypriot First Division players
AJ Auxerre players
Enosis Neon Paralimni FC players
Ermis Aradippou FC players
French expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Deolindo Bittel (May 26, 1922September 22, 1997) was a prominent Argentine politician.
Life and times
Early career and entry into politics
Deolindo Felipe Bittel was born in Villa Ángela, a Chaco Province town known for its tannin industry, in 1922 to a farming family of French Belgian descent. He was 9 when he witnessed his father fall to his death into a deep ditch, and was later sent to nearby Esperanza, Santa Fe Province to complete his secondary schooling. Bittel enrolled at the National University of the Littoral, where he received a degree as a notary public in 1945. He married Mercedes Elsie Soto and had a daughter and 2 sons; he later married Nora Salas.
The advent of Peronism in Argentina led Bittel to run on Juan Perón's Labor Party ticket for mayor of Villa Ángela in 1946. The young candidate was elected, though the results were annulled by the then-conservative Chaco authorities. Following Chaco's 1951 designation as a province, voters in 1953 elected the Peronist ticket of Governor Felipe Gallardo and his running mate, "Chacho" Bittel. The September 1955 coup d'état against Perón brought an end to the Gallardo-Bittel tenure, as well as to the province's designation as "Provincia Presidente Perón."
President Arturo Frondizi's lifting of the 1956 electoral ban on Peronism led to nationwide Peronist candidacies in the 1962 elections, and of 14 provinces whose governorships were in play, they carried 10 - including Bittel's victory in Chaco. These elections, however, also led to Frondizi's overthrow by the anti-peronist military, leaving governor-elect Bittel unable to take office. New elections were called for 1963, for which Bittel agreed to an alliance with his former adversaries, the Conservative Party; elected with conservative running mate Nilson Franchisena by over 12% over the centrist UCR-P, he was duly sworn in as governor on October 12.
Governor of Chaco Province
Governor Bittel steered a moderate course, and avoided partisan wrangling. He granted municipal demands for restored prior autonomy and introduced the lottery to Chaco, which became an important source of funds for education in the underdeveloped province. Bittel also commissioned a comprehensive hydrological study of his flood-prone province, debate over which was drowned by a devastating 1965 flood near the capital, Resistencia. He was reelected in 1965 by 11%, though Peronists' new success at that year's midterm elections again led to the overthrow of the president (Arturo Illia) and to the replacement of civilian governors by military comptrollers.
The dictatorship in 1966 eventually responded to a growing crisis atmosphere by calling elections in 1973, which the exiled Perón's Justicialist Party won handily - electing a new president, majorities in both houses of Congress and among governors (including Bittel). He and running mate Alberto Torresagasti won by 29%, and they took office on May 25. Bittel's second turn at the governorship was marked by his development efforts, and his three-year plan was approved by the legislature in 1974. The plan focused on public works investments for Chaco, which had not shared adequately in the national prosperity that had prevailed over the previous decade. His efforts were hampered in 1975 both by a sudden inflationary crisis in Argentina (335%), and by a sharp drop in global cotton prices - thereby adversely affecting a leading source of revenue for the agrarian province. He was increasingly distanced from the right-wing Peronist leadership in power at the national level and ultimately, a March 24, 1976, military coup again cut his tenure short.
The Justicialist Party (JP) elected Bittel its vice president during the dictatorship, though they and other political parties remained banned from public activity; as the party's titular leader, deposed President Isabel Perón, remained in custody, this made Bittel the party's highest-ranking active member. In that capacity, Bittel secretly authored a detailed report on human rights atrocities - many of whose victims were his fellow Peronists. The report was delivered to the fact-finding commission assembled by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, during their September 1979 visit to Argentina. The file helped put the lie to the regime's vigorous denials of its abuses, and helped align Peronists (hitherto divided between left and right-wing factions) against the dictatorship. Elections increasingly likely, he led the JP into the "Multiparty" formed by UCR leader Ricardo Balbín in early 1981 to lobby the dictatorship for a return to democracy.
Candidate for vice president
The collapse of the regime's economic policies and the tragic Falklands War helped lead to elections in 1983. The Justicialist Party struggled to nominate its candidates. Nominating conventions dragged on for two months after the rival UCR nominated Raúl Alfonsín. The party's cornerstone, the CGT labor union, successfully supported Ítalo Lúder (who had served as acting president during Mrs. Perón's September 1975 sick leave) for president, and Bittel became his running mate. The choice was made partly to balance Lúder's record, as he had authorized repression against the violent left in 1975, whereas Bittel had been a populist who was remembered for his defense of the disappeared during the dictatorship.
Ultimately, the Peronists' late start (the nomination was secured less than two months before election day), Alfonsín's skillful campaign, voters' bitter memories of Isabel Perón's chaotic tenure, and other problems put their ticket at a disadvantage. Bittel himself unwittingly gave the ticket bad publicity when, during a Buenos Aires rally, he botched one of Perón's many aphorisms, declaring that "Our choice is between liberation and dependence, and we choose dependence!" Hardly noticed at the time, the misstep did not significantly contribute to the outcome (a loss for the Lúder-Bittel ticket by 12%).
Senior politician
The Legislature of Chaco Province named Bittel to the Senate following his electoral loss, and he took office on December 10. At his party's request, he relinquished the seat in 1987 to become Mayor of the provincial capital, Resistencia. Bittel suffered a serious automobile accident in 1988, which left him without the use of one arm, and in chronic pain. He was returned to the Senate in 1989, where he eventually became Chairman of the Committee on Senate Accords, as well as Vice Chairman of the Committee on Freedom of Expression. His experience in Chaco Province also led to a post as Vice President of the Indigenous Parliament of the Americas.
Two months before the end of his Senate term in 1997, Bittel was admitted to a hospital for abdominal surgery. He suffered complications, however, and died at age 75. The Lower House of the Chaco Legislature was renamed in his honor, and his widow, Nora Bittel, became Director of the charitable foundation in his name.
References
External links
1922 births
1997 deaths
People from Villa Ángela
Argentine people of Belgian descent
National University of the Littoral alumni
Argentine notaries
Justicialist Party politicians
Mayors of Resistencia, Chaco
Governors of Chaco Province
Members of the Argentine Senate for Chaco
Gebrehiwot Baykedagn (1886–1919) was an Ethiopian doctor, economist, and intellectual. He was born in 1886 in Adwa, Tigray. In a trip to the port of Massawa, Gebrehiwot and his friends got permission from the captain of a German ship to visit the ship. On departure, he stowed away (this may not have been deliberate, according to Alemayehu Geda, 2004). On arrival, the captain entrusted the young boy to a rich Austrian family, who adopted him. This good fortune opened to him the opportunity to study the German language and to go to school. His exposure to Western education was thorough, and he pursued medical studies at Berlin University. He returned to his country and became private secretary and interpreter to the Emperor Menelik II, who defeated the Italian colonial army in 1896 at the Battle of Adwa. Later on, while the Haile Selassie was still the successor to the throne, he fulfilled important administrative functions. He served as inspector of the important Addis Ababa-Djibouti railway until his premature death in 1919.
In government
Becoming an important member of Menelik's entourage, Heywät served as a senior counsel and advised on and was a strong proponent of Ethiopia's modernisation. Specifically, Heywät sought to integrate Ethiopia into the global economy while maintaining Ethiopia's cultural and political integrity. Deeply concerned with the state of the Ethiopian economy, and understanding the economic importance of a productive middle class, Heywät pushed for structural social, political, and economic reform, which are partially reflected in efforts to remove unjust taxation and patrimonialism, while bureaucratic rationalism, the prohibition of slavery, and the elimination of noble privileges were promoted. Heywät exerted a considerable degree of influence over Menlik's making of policy, which was compounded by the influence of other senior policymakers that were informally grouped as the 'Young Japanisers' - a loose grouping that sought to replicate Japan's industrialisation, which included the likes of Heruy Wolde Selassie. A lead advocate of industrialisation, Heywät's publication of Government and Public Administration advised the emperor to 'follow the example of the Japanese government' or 'be enslaved'. Following Menelik's death and the 1916 coup, he was first appointed controller of the (French built) railways and later collector of customs in Dérre Dawa, where he died.
Major works
He published two majors works in Amharic, the Ethiopian national language: "Mengistna ye Hizb Astadadar", published in 1924 after his death and translated into English in 1995 as "State and Economy of Early 20th Century Ethiopia"; and in 1912, "Atse Menilik na Ethiopia", which was translated into French in 1993 as "L'Empereur Menelik et L'Ethiopie".
Professor Emeritus of History at Addis Ababa University, Professor Bahru Zewde tells us that the latter book was written with the hopes that Menelik's successor, Iyasu V would take up his recommendations and proceed to modernize the Ethiopian state.
While his recommendations went unheeded by a young prince little interested in the affairs of state, Gebrehiwot went on to exert considerable influence on Ethiopian affairs for the rest of the century. His writings expressed deep concern with national institutions, structural economics, income inequality in development, and trade imbalance between developed and underdeveloped nations. It is for this reason that Addis Ababa University Professor of Economics Dr. Alemayehu Geda calls Gebrehiwot one of the world's pioneers in the study of "Development Economics".
Death
After his death at the age of 33, his ideas went on to influence generations of Ethiopian intellectuals. One can clearly distinguish Gebrehiwot's ideas in the thought processes of the young revolutionaries of the 1970s.
References
1886 births
1919 deaths
Ethiopian economists
Adoptees
People from Tigray Region
Percy Hattersley-Smith (19 May 1847 – 19 January 1918) was an English cricketer. He played for Gloucestershire between 1878 and 1879.
References
1847 births
1918 deaths
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
Sportspeople from Cambridge
Cambridgeshire cricketers
Bacchus, Ceres en Venus is a 1686 Dutch-language pastoral opera by Johan Schenck.
It is one of the earliest surviving Dutch-language operas, 8 years after with Carolus Hacquart's De triomfeerende Min (1678).
The libretto was by Govert Bidloo an Amsterdam regent, physician and poet. A large number of selections from the opera were published as Schenk's Op.1 in 1687 enabling a reconstruction as the basis for a recording by Camerata Trajectina in 2011.
The opera had its (rather late) premiere in Utrecht at the "Festival voor oude muziek" in 2011.
The production was directed by Marc Krone and featured Bernard Loonen as Mercurius, Hieke Meppelink as Cerus, Jasper Schweppe as Bacchus, and Renate Arends as Venus.
References
Dutch-language operas
1686 operas
General elections were held in Guinea on 27 December 1974 to elect a President and National Assembly. The country was a one-party state at the time, with the Democratic Party of Guinea – African Democratic Rally as the sole legal party. Its leader Ahmed Sékou Touré was re-elected President unopposed, whilst in the National Assembly elections the party produced a list of 150 candidates for the 150 seats (increased from 75). It was ultimately approved by 100% of voters with turnout reported to be 99.7%.
Results
President
National Assembly
References
Presidential elections in Guinea
Guinea
1974 in Guinea
One-party elections
Single-candidate elections
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Dickensian is a British drama television series that premiered on BBC One from 26 December 2015 to 21 February 2016. The 20-part series, created and co-written by Tony Jordan, brings characters from many Charles Dickens novels together in one Victorian London neighbourhood, as Inspector Bucket investigates the murder of Ebenezer Scrooge's partner Jacob Marley.
Production
Dickensian was commissioned by Danny Cohen and Ben Stephenson. The executive producers are Polly Hill and Tony Jordan, and the production company behind the series is Red Planet Pictures. Red Planet Pictures's Alex Jones vowed to lobby HM Revenue and Customs and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport to relax the tax-relief rules for Dickensian; tax relief is only given for dramas longer than 30 minutes and each episode of Dickensian lasts 30 minutes.
In April 2016, the BBC confirmed that they had cancelled the show after one series.
Cast
The cast includes the following:
Episodes
References to other Dickens characters and works
Honoria Barbary and Martha Cratchit work in a dress-shop, Mantalini's—a reference to Madame Mantalini, a milliner in Nicholas Nickleby. The toy shop in the neighbourhood, Gruff and Tackleton, appears in The Cricket on the Hearth. The coffee-house on the street is Garraway's, frequented in real life by Dickens and appearing in The Pickwick Papers, Martin Chuzzlewit, Little Dorrit, and The Uncommercial Traveller. Amelia Havisham's first dog here is Jip, the spaniel that is Dora Spenlow's lapdog in David Copperfield. Constable Duff, who appears briefly in a few episodes, is a character from Oliver Twist.
Episode 1: Jaggers mentions his clerk "Mr Heep"—Uriah Heep from David Copperfield; Silas Wegg, the tapman at The Three Cripples (a tavern in Oliver Twist), gives barmaid Daisy a tray of drinks to take back to "Mr Pickwick and his guests" (The Pickwick Papers).
At the New Years reception hosted by the Haversham siblings, the tune being played during the dancing is called Sir Roger de Coverly and is played at Fezziwig's Christmas party in A Christmas Carol.
Episode 4: Jaggers talks of often considering an end to his partnership with Mr Tulkinghorn (from Bleak House).
Episode 6: Scrooge snaps at Cratchit that, in renegotiating terms of a loan, he must surely "have consulted with Jacob Marley's ghost"—a foreshadowing of A Christmas Carol. Mrs Gamp talks of seeing a "Mr Wemmick," like Silas Wegg, go gray and lose his leg—this may be a reference to the father of John Wemmick, in Great Expectations, referred to by his son as "The Aged Parent" or "The Aged P".
Episode 7: In mishearing "Barbary" as "Barnaby," Silas Wegg happens to allude to the title character of Barnaby Rudge. Compeyson's and Matthew Pocket's drunken leaps between rooftops echo Bill Sikes' death in Oliver Twist, when he accidentally hangs himself while trying to descend from a rooftop.
Episode 9: Edward Barbary calls on a Mr Darley for help with his finances, to no avail; the last name suggests F. O. C. Darley, a nineteenth-century American artist who did illustrations for a number of Dickens editions that appeared in the United States.
Episode 10: Honoria's question to her father's creditor, "Have you no heart, Mr Scrooge?", and Mrs Bumble's remark, "'ave you no 'eart, Bumble?", echo the moment in Little Dorrit, Dickens' novel about debtors' prison, when Frederick Dorrit asks Fanny, "Have you no memory? Have you no heart?" They also presage Estella's words in Great Expectations: "You must know . . . that I have no heart—if that has anything to do with my memory."
Episode 12: On leaving the little boy in the care of the Bumbles at the workhouse, Inspector Bucket's parting advice, "Manners are important, and so is standing up for yourself," presages the starving Oliver Twist politely demanding more gruel in the Bumbles' workhouse: "Please, sir, I want some more" (a moment essentially recreated in Episode 19).
Episode 13: When the Artful Dodger visits Fagin in his cell, the image of the man foretells the famous 1839 drawing by George Cruikshank, for Oliver Twist, of "Fagin in the condemned Cell." Honoria learns she is pregnant—the child will be Esther Summerson, the narrator (in some chapters) and main protagonist of Bleak House.
Episode 14: Dodger refers to another of the boys in his gang as "Charley," presumably meaning that said boy is Oliver Twist character Charley Bates. Bob Cratchit says of his son that he "can bear him on my shoulders until [my] strength returns," but in A Christmas Carol he is still bearing Tiny Tim "upon his shoulder". The clergyman (only named in the credits) whom Bill has smuggled a match in to Dodger in gaol is the slimy Reverend Chadband (Bleak House), extorted to do so here because he had relations with Nancy. The "Major Bagstock" on the board of trustees before which Mr Bumble presents himself is a friend of Mr Dombey in Dombey and Son; the churchman on the board (only named in the credits) is Reverend Crisparkle (The Mystery of Edwin Drood).
Episodes 15 and 18: The clerk ordered by Jaggers to find out all he can about Compeyson is Lowten, a clerk in The Pickwick Papers.
Episode 18: The name of the murderer in gaol, Manning, suggests the real-life killer Marie Manning, the inspiration for Mademoiselle Hortense in Bleak House. When Emily Cratchit returns home to gaze gratefully through the window at her family inside, gathered around the table, this moment echoes Scrooge looking in on the Cratchits through the window in Scrooge, the most famous and acclaimed film-adaptation of A Christmas Carol.
Episode 19: The picture that Bumble hangs in the workhouse is of Josiah Bounderby, one of the major characters in Hard Times. One of the school trustees is Mrs Tisher, a character from The Mystery of Edwin Drood. Amelia Havisham gazes at her wedding dress in the mirror—the same dress she will remain in throughout Great Expectations, in a mad, obsessive reminder of Compeyson's betrayal of her; one day, the dress catches fire, Miss Havisham suffers severe burns, and she dies some weeks later.
Episode 20: In an echo of his line in Episode 1, Silas Wegg tells his barmaid, "Daisy, up and get the empties from Mister Pickwick" (of The Pickwick Papers). In reply to Daisy's farewell to him in the tavern, Scrooge mutters, "Humbug," his trademark utterance; Marley's ghost whispers "Ebenezer," as in A Christmas Carol.
Broadcast
Internationally, the series premiered in Australia on BBC First on 7 February 2016, but it was broadcast as 13 45-minute episodes in contrast to the 20 half-hour-long instalments broadcast in the UK.
It also premiered in The Netherlands on BBC First on 5 January 2016.
In Finland the series was broadcast on YLE as ten one-hour episodes beginning 2 December 2016.
In Norway, the series was broadcast on NRK as ten one-hour episodes beginning 26 December 2017.
In Sweden, the series was broadcast on SVT as ten one-hour episodes beginning 2 December 2017.
Critical reception
Reviewing the first episodes in The Guardian Sam Wollaston noted its jumble of characters and events: "Tony Jordan has taken a whole bunch of Dickens characters from their novels and put them into something else. […]. It's like EastEnders meets A Christmas Carol meets Great Expectations meets Oliver Twist meets Bleak House meets Our Mutual Friend, and I've certainly missed some out. Meets Agatha Christie, too, because here's another body – Marley's this time – coshed over the head and left lying in the snow". He added, "The set is beautiful, and there are showy Dickensian performances from a starry cast. It's clever, certainly, and must have been a labour of love, unpicking all these people from their works, weaving them into something else." But he had a problem "with the whole exercise – starting with the characters, someone else's, and then figuring out what they're going to be doing. Are things not better if they grow together, as one, characters, stories, style, themes etc? And the problem with these particular characters is that the new thing is never going to be as good as the thing they came from". He concluded, "And I'm having real problems figuring out what the bleedin' 'ell is going on. It's clear like the fog down by the dock where Fagin lives. It – the fog – does lift a bit; by the end of the second episode (of 20! that's a big ask), I'm a bit less fuddled. And it begins to pick up momentum of its own. But I wonder how many of the viewers who set off will get this far".
Writing in The Daily Telegraph, Michael Hogan was more impressed, giving the opening two episodes a full five stars: "Jordan put a pacy, playful and subtly sudsy new spin on much-loved material. Its debut double bill left me saying, 'Please, sir, I want some more'". He observed, "Dickensian will unfold in 20 half-hour instalments, its format reminiscent of the BBC's landmark serialisation of Bleak House a decade ago. Such soap-style scheduling isn't far removed from how Dickens told his original stories, published in short instalments with cliffhanger endings, the multiple plot threads drawn inexorably together over time". Hogan concluded, "Jordan is a Dickens super-fan and his love of the great man's works seeped through every line of the sparkling script. This 200-year-old treat in 21st-century wrapping was an ingeniously conceived, handsomely crafted gift - signed, with love, from Jordan and Dickens. Consider this my thank-you letter".
In The Independent on Sunday, Amy Burns found the opening episodes to be a "brilliant BBC re-imagining" and a "clever and compelling Dickens mash-up". She praised Stephen Rea for playing Inspector Bucket "utterly faultlessly", adding, "His mannerisms and vocal intonation were absolutely spot-on and the script was excellent".
For Radio Times' Ben Dowell, "the first and most obvious question to ask is this: they may have the same names and look like they are described in the books, but who are these people? Can they really be said to be Dickens characters? The great Victorian novelist invented these richly-drawn characters to fit into the novels he wrote. He was a storyteller, first and foremost, someone who wrote episodic narratives driven by the unstoppable force of his ingeniously-crafted plots. He populated his books with amazing characters, of course, but tearing them away from their stories is to essentially denude them of their essential life and being". He compared the opening episodes to "a weird Doctor Who is a episode where the Doctor enters some kind of weird alien dream world populated by characters formed from half-remembered dreams of his reading of English Victorian literature". Conceding that "Jordan has also rather cleverly managed to fashion a whodunit plot out of the death of Marley", Dowell decided, "if I am honest I am not sure I will be hanging around to find out more. This is fast-paced, well written soapy drama. But it's also, for me, a messy pudding that is – but really isn't – Dickens".
References
External links
BBC television dramas
2010s British drama television series
2015 British television series debuts
2016 British television series endings
Television shows set in the United Kingdom
English-language television shows
Television shows based on works by Charles Dickens
Muis, Muijs, or Muys is a Dutch surname (). It is either a patronymic, from a short form of the given name Bartholomeus, or can be metaphoric or descriptive, referring to a mouse (modern Dutch muis). The Sumatran () and French () surnames have different origins. People with this name include:
Abdul Muis (1886–1959), Indonesian writer, journalist and nationalist
Albert Muis (1914–1988), Dutch painter
(born 1976), Dutch actor and presenter
Cornelis Muys (1500–1572), Dutch Catholic priest and New Latin poet known as Cornelis Musius
Jan Muijs (1898–1968), Dutch Greco-Roman wrestler
Krista R. Muis, Canadian academic psychologist
Marianne Muis (born 1968), Dutch swimmer, twin sister of Mildred
Mildred Muis (born 1968), Dutch swimmer, twin sister of Marianne
See also
Siméon Marotte de Muis (1587–1644), French churchman and Hebraist
MUIS
References
Dutch-language surnames
af:Muis (dubbelsinnig)
de:Muis
nl:Muis
The flag of Tunisia is a rectangular panel of red color with an aspect ratio of 2:3. In the center of the cloth in a white circle is placed a red crescent, surrounding a red five-pointed star on three sides. Bey Tunisia Hussein II decided to create a flag for Tunisia, close in appearance to the modern one, after the Battle of Navarino on 20 October 1827; in 1831 he was officially approved. In this form, the flag existed during the French protectorate, and on 1 June 1959, it was proclaimed the state flag of the Republic of Tunisia (in accordance with the country's constitution). On 30 June 1999, the proportions and design of the flag were clarified by a special law; the general appearance of the flag remained virtually unchanged.
The crescent and star depicted on the flag of Tunisia are traditional symbols of Islam, and are also considered symbols of good luck.
History
Previous flags
Until the mid-18th century, the design and significance of maritime flags flying on ships in Tunis are unknown. However, various sources have been able to distinguish certain similarities among the flags: they were designed with a crescent-oriented shape in the presence of the colors blue, green, red, and white. Thereafter, and until the early 19th century, the flag was composed of horizontal blue, red and green stripes, which are the colors of the ruling Husainid dynasty. This kind of flag with multiple bands and irregular contours floated on top of ships all along the coast of North Africa; similar flags with different colors and arrangements were also used in Africa.
According to Ottfried Neubecker, the Bey of Tunis also had his own flag. This flag was most likely a simple personal banner of the ruler, as it floated above the Bardo Palace, the Citadel of Tunis, on navy ships, and also in the center of the coat of arms in Tunisia. It was used at a number of public ceremonies until the abolition of the monarchy and proclamation of Republic on 25 July 1957.
Believed to have been introduced by Hussein II, although some sources, such as Abdel-Wahab, claim that it was in use three centuries earlier, the flag was rectangular in shape and divided into nine stripes, the middle one green and double the size of all other bands, while the others alternated between yellow and red. Featured in the center of the green stripe was the Zulfiqar, the legendary Islamic sword of Ali, with the blade in white and the hilt multicolored. The red and yellow stripes each contained five equidistant symbols, whose order was alternated between each stripe. These symbols were divided into two categories: one red six-sided star voided with a disk of a different color in the center—either a red star and green disk or a white star and blue disk—, and a large disk voided in its lower right by a small disk of different color, with the combination being either a small red disk within a larger blue disk or a small yellow disk within a larger green disk. The first yellow stripe contains three red stars and two blue disks. The second stripe, red in color, contains three green disksand two white stars. The third stripe (second yellow one) is identical to the first, with the exception that the star in its center is white, while the fourth stripe (second white one) is identical to the 2nd stripe.
Origin of the current flag
Several Muslim countries along the south coast of the Mediterranean Sea used a plain red naval flag. After the destruction of the Tunisian naval division at the Battle of Navarino on 20 October 1827, the sovereign Husainid Dynasty leader Hussein II decided to create a flag to use for the fleet of Tunisia, to distinguish it from other fleets. There are some discrepancies over the date of the flag's adoption, as the government states that it was adopted in 1831, while other sources like Siobhan Ryan's Ultimate Pocket Flags of the World claim that it was adopted in 1835.
French protectorate
During the era of the French protectorate in Tunisia, The Tunisian flag has not changed. However, according to an article in the Flag Bulletin publishing in Fall 2000, for a short period of time during the French protectorate, the flag of France was placed in the canton (upper left) of the Tunisian flag. In the same vein, vexillologist Whitney Smith stated that the addition of the French flag was "modification of the unofficial Tunisian national flag, used for a few years". He added:
Confusion arose when an issue of the French daily newspaper Le Petit Journal, published on 24 July 1904 on the occasion of the bey of Tunis's visit to France, reproduced an illustration showing the flag used while he was visiting the Hôtel de Ville, Paris. Ivan Sache of Flags of the World claimed that this flag design, which hadn't been seen earlier, may have been inaccurate, suggesting that the journalist might not have been at the affair or he had reproduced a drawing of the wrong flag.
Proposed flags
The union project between Tunisia and Libya in 1973–1974 almost led to the unification of Tunisia and the Libyan Arab Republic. After a meeting between Habib Bourguiba and Muammar Gaddafi, Tunisian Foreign Minister Mohamed Masmoudi read a joint statement:
But, faced with the opposition that arose both within the regime and abroad, Bourguiba was forced to backtrack and abandon the project on the pretext of the unconstitutionality of the referendum. The flag itself would have taken the colors of the flag of Libya, floating between 1972 and 1977, but the falcon present in the center of this same flag would have been replaced by the star and the Tunisian red crescent, such as the treaty of l union describes it:
Description
The Tunisian flag was defined in Article 4 of the 1 June 1959 constitution under these terms: "The flag of the Republic of Tunisia is red, it has, under the conditions defined by law, in the middle, a white disk containing a five-pointed star surrounded by a red crescent."
The Organic Law No. 99-56 of 30 June 1999, adopted on 3 July by the Chamber of Deputies, formalized the Tunisian flag for the first time in law, clarifying Article 4 of the constitution. The flag is in the form of a red rectangle with a width equal to two-thirds of its length. In the middle of the flag is a white disk whose diameter is equal to one-third of the length of the rectangle and whose center is located at the intersection of the diagonals of the rectangle. A red five-pointed star is located to the right of the disk, whose center is at a distance equal to one-thirtieth of the length of the flag from the center of the disk.
The location of the star's five points is determined by an imaginary disk centered on the star's center, its diameter equal to roughly 15% the length of the flag. The points of the star are equidistant from each other, and one of the points is located on the horizontal median of the flag to the left of the center of the imaginary disk. The star is surrounded on its left by a red crescent made by the intersection of two arcs, an outer arc whose diameter is equal to one-fourth of the length of the flag, and an internal arc with a diameter equal to one-fifth of the flag's length. In addition, at the top of the flag used by the President of the Republic, the words "for the nation" () are written in gold. The three outer edges of the flag are lined with golden yellow fringe and a red ribbon, with golden fringe on the right vertical side and a white disk with a star and crescent near the fringe, is attached to the flag pole above the flag.
Article 4 of the 1959 constitution specifies the presence of a technical dossier containing a model of the flag, a guide to drawing it, which includes the proper measurements, and technical specifications of its colors.
Colours scheme
Symbolism
For the Tunisian embassy in France, the color red represents the blood of Tunisian martyrs killed during the Crusades before the advent of the Ottomans on 1574. Another interpretation is that the "red Beylical flag spread light throughout the Muslim world". The white symbolizes peace, the disk symbolizes the radiance of the nation as the sun, while the crescent and five-pointed star represent unity of all Muslims and the Five Pillars of Islam, respectively.
According to Ludvík Mucha, author of Webster's Concise Encyclopedia of Flags & Coats of Arms, the white disk located in the center of the flag represents the sun. The red crescent and the five-pointed star, two ancient symbols of Islam, were appeared on many flags of Islamic countries. The crescent is, from the viewpoint of an Arabic observer, supposed to bring good luck. The color red represents the blood of martyrs.
Whitney Smith states that the crescent was first emblazoned on standards and buildings in the Punic state of Carthage, located in present-day Tunisia. Nevertheless, they were widely adopted by Muslim countries, and have become known as symbols of Islam, when in fact, they may be cultural symbols. Likewise, the sun is often represented with the crescent on ancient Punic artifacts and is associated with the ancient Punic religion, especially with the Sign of Tanit.
Protocol
The Tunisian flag is visible on all public and military buildings. The flag also betokens Tunisian ambassadors at regional and international meetings as well as at buildings housing Tunisian representatives around the world. It is deployed during commemorations and national honors in a strictly ceremonial manner. On the listed Flag Days below, the Tunisian flag is flown in public buildings, compulsory by law:
Article 129 of Penal Code of Tunisia punishes the insult either "publicly, by words, writings, gestures or any other manner" of the Tunisian flag and also foreign flags with one year imprisonment.
Variants
The colors of the flag are included in other Tunisian symbols, such as the coat of arms, which contains a crescent and star enclosed in a disk with red border. In addition, equipment belonging to the Tunisian army are visually recognized by the presence of a cockade.
Most political parties of Tunisia reflect the colors of the flag or the flag itself.
Many postal stamps reflect the motifs of the flag, which radiate "with brightness" on them.
Notes
References
External links
Tunisia
1831 establishments in Tunisia
National symbols of Tunisia
Tunisia
Tunisia
Tunisia
Tunisia
Kany Garcia is the third studio album of Latin Grammy winner, singer-songwriter Kany García. It was released on August 14, 2013 and produced by Kany García, Julio Reyes Copello and Paul Forat Sony BMG. The album's first single "Que Te Vaya Mal" was nominated for Record of the Year at the 2012 Latin Grammy Awards. The album was nominated for "Best Latin Pop Album" at the 2013 Grammy Awards.
Album information
The album was recorded in Bogotá, Colombia. The live version of the album, which was recorded for a mini-movie/live concert type available as part of the CD/DVD set or iTunes digital format was recorded in the Pontificia Javeriana University in Bogotá.
Promotion
As a part of promotion, Kany released a song from the album each week in July starting with the first single "Que Te Vaya Mal". The other songs released were "Alguien", "Demasiado Bueno" and "Me Quedo".
Singles
"Que Te Vaya Mal" was released as the album's lead single on April 24, 2012.
"Alguien" is chosen as the album second single and will be released sometime in August. It peaked at #8 on Billboard Latin Pop chart.
"Cuando Se Va El Amor" was officially announced as the third single by Kany Garcia via her Facebook page. The song reached the Top 40 on Billboard's Latin Song Chart and Top 30 on Latin Pop Airplay.
"Adiós" was released as the album's fourth single on April 22, 2013. The song reached the Top 40 on Billboard's Latin Pop Chart.
Promotional singles
Prior to the release of the album, two promotional singles were released exclusively on iTunes Store as a "Countdown to KANY GARCIA".
"Demasiado Bueno" was the first promotional single, released on July 18, 2012.
"Me Quedo" was the second and last promotion single, released on July 24, 2012.
Track listing
Notes
Track listing and credits from album booklet.
Personnel
Confirmed by the album booklet.
Kany García - Composer, Primary Artist
Juan Sebastian Atehortua - Trumpet
Jairo Alfonso Barrera - Saxophone
Antonio Carmona - Cajon, Guitars
Andrés Castro - Guitars
Julio Reyes Copello - Composer
Santiago Prieto - Guitars
Libardo Rey - Guitars
Julio Reyes - Keyboards, Piano
Miguel Rico - Keyboards, Piano
Marcos Sanchez - Keyboards, Organo, Piano
Froilán Sinti - Kena
Aaron Sterling - Bateria
Samuel Torres - Percussion
Guillermo Vadala - Bass
Juan Pablo Vega - Guitars
Jimmy Zambrano - Accordion
Oscar Grajales - Main Personnel
Marcial Sinti - Main Personnel
Production
Miguel Roldan - Director
Julio Reyes Copello - Engineer, Producer
Edgar Barrera - Engineer
Natalia Ramírez - Assistant Engineer
Julián Pinzón - Assistant Engineer
Javier Garza - Engineer, Mixing
Sebastian de Peyrecave - Engineer
Ricardo Escallón - Coordination
Paul Forat - Executive Producer
Francesc Freixes - Graphic Design
Mike Fuller - Mastering
Andrea Bautista - Coordination
Táriq Zia Burney - Assistant Engineer
Lorenzo Caballero - Assistant Engineer
Isabel de Jesús - A&R
Rubén Martín - Photography
Julio Muniz - A&R
Tour
"Kany García: En Concierto" is the concert tour by Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Kany García in support of her third studio album of the same name. The tour started in Puerto Rico and continues in US and Latin American countries like the Dominican Republic, Costa Rica and Mexico.
Setlist
Tour dates
Cancellations and rescheduled shows
Chart performance
On its first day of release, the album charted at #189 on iTunes top 200 albums chart, #2 on iTunes Latino album charts and #1 on Pop Latino album charts in the United States and Puerto Rico. The album debuted at #1 on Billboard Latin Pop Album Chart and Puerto Rico Album Charts. It debuted at #5 on Billboard Latin Albums Chart and #89 on Mexico Top 100. It remains at #1 for 2 straight weeks on Puerto Rico Album Charts on its second week, and reached #72 on Mexico Top 100 on its third week.
Charts
Certifications
Awards/Nominations
Release history
References
2012 albums
Kany García albums
Albums produced by Julio Reyes Copello
E-Liner Airways Inc., better known as DBA (ELA Airlines), was established in 1993. The company started with sightseeing flights and day tours to Aruba and Bonaire. It is based at the Hato International Airport, Willemstad, Curaçao.
IATA designator: EL
ICAO designator: ELA
Numeric Code: 123
Services
Daily commuter flights between Curaçao and Aruba
Daily commuter flights between Curaçao and Bonaire
Charter flights within the Caribbean
It also serves:
Bogotá, Colombia
Valencia, Venezuela
Maiquetía, Venezuela (airport serving the capital Caracas)
Las Piedras, Venezuela
Fleet
2 - Piper PA-31 Navajo Chieftain
1 - Piper PA-34 Seneca
External links
Official website
Picture of PJ-WLS
Picture of PJ-WNY
Caribbean Aviation
Airlines of the Netherlands Antilles
Airlines of Curaçao
1993 establishments in the Netherlands Antilles
Airlines established in 1993
Abyzovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Abyzovo, Republic of Bashkortostan, a selo in Karaidelsky Selsoviet of Karaidelsky District in the Republic of Bashkortostan
Abyzovo, Chuvash Republic, a selo in Apnerskoye Rural Settlement of Vurnarsky District in the Chuvash Republic
The term history of the Virgin Islands could refer to:
the history of the British Virgin Islands
the history of the U.S. Virgin Islands
Paul Nicholas Sussman (11 July 1966 in Beaconsfield – 31 May 2012) was a best-selling English author, archaeologist and journalist. His novels were described by The Independent as "the intelligent reader's answer to The Da Vinci Code".
Biography
Paul Sussman was the only son of Stanley, a sales manager for a textile manufacturer, and Sue, an actress-turned-psychoanalyst. After a few years in Hampstead the family moved to Northwood in north-west London. He was educated at Merchant Taylors' School and St. John's College, Cambridge, where he won a Joseph Larmor Award and a boxing blue and was lead singer in a college band, Dr and the Glasscocks. His novels have been translated into 33 languages and are set mainly in Egypt, where he worked for many years as a field archaeologist, notably with the Amarna Royal Tombs Project in the Valley of the Kings.
Among other finds, at Tomb KV56, in the Valley of the Kings, he unearthed the first items of pharaonic jewellery to have been excavated in the Valley since the discovery of Tutankhamun in 1922. As a journalist, he was a long-time contributor to The Big Issue, where he won a Periodical Publishers Association Columnist of the Year Award for his satirical "In The News" column. He also wrote for, among others, The Independent, The Guardian, The Evening Standard, The Daily Telegraph, The Spectator, Cosmopolitan and CNN.com.
Death
On 31 May 2012, Sussman died suddenly after suffering a ruptured aneurysm. He was survived by his wife and two sons.
Books
Fiction
The Lost Army of Cambyses (2002)
The Last Secret of the Temple (2005)
The Hidden Oasis (2009)
The Labyrinth of Osiris (June 2012)
The Final Testimony of Raphael Ignatius Phoenix (2014)
Non-fiction
The Ultimate Encyclopaedia of the Movies (1994) (contributor)
Death by Spaghetti...: Bizarre, Baffling and Bonkers True: Stories from In The News (1996)
References
External links
Paul Sussman official website
Paul Sussman at Fantastic Fiction
Nicholas Reeves, Re-excavating ‘The Gold Tomb'. Text of a lecture delivered at the day school "Valley of the Kings: The Amarna Royal Tombs Project 1998-2001", 29 September 2001, at the UCL Bloomsbury Theatre, London.
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
English archaeologists
20th-century English male writers
21st-century English male writers
English crime fiction writers
English Egyptologists
English male journalists
People educated at Merchant Taylors' School, Northwood
People from Beaconsfield
1966 births
2012 deaths
Ge Manqi (; born 13 October 1997 in Sanming, Fujian) is a Chinese female sprinter. The group of Ge Manqi, Yuan Qiqi, Wei Yongli and Liang Xiaojing ranked first in the women's 4 × 100 metres relay in the Beijing IAAF Challenge on May 18, 2016. She clocked 11.48 seconds for the 100m at 2016 National Track Championships in Chongqing, thus qualifying her for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Chinese female sprinters
Olympic athletes of China
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
People from Sanming
Runners from Fujian
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic female sprinters
20th-century Chinese women
21st-century Chinese women
William Grant Craib (10 March 1882 in Banff, Aberdeenshire – 1 September 1933 in Kew) was a British botanist. Craib was Regius Professor of Botany at Aberdeen University and later worked at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
Life
Craib was born in Banff, Aberdeenshire in northern Scotland on 10 March 1882 and he was educated at Banff Academy and Fordyce Academy. He entered Aberdeen University as an Art student but due to problems with his eyes he left and worked for a while on a ship as an engineer. When his eyes were better, he returned to Aberdeen University and took a Master of Arts degree. He was ready to study for his Bachelor of Science degree, but he took an opportunity to take a temporary post at the Royal Botanical Gardens in Calcutta.
While in Calcutta he became the curator of the Herbarium and made in the North Cachar Hills a large collection of plants, including a number of new species which he later described and named. In 1899 he was offered a job as Assistant for India at Kew Gardens in London, a role in which he contributed his knowledge of Indian and South West Asian botany.
In 1915 he was offered and took the post as a lecturer in forest botany and Indian trees at Edinburgh. In 1920 he was appointed Regius Professor of Botany at Aberdeen University. As well as his teaching work and training research students, he studied with his pupils Siamese flora on which he wrote many books. In 1921 at a meeting of the British Association, Craib lost one of his legs in a serious accident.
He was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1920. His proposers were Sir Isaac Bayley Balfour, Sir David Prain, Sir Thomas Hudson Beare, and James Hartley Ashworth.
During his vacations for university, he worked in the Herbarium at the Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew in London, particularly on the flora of Siam. It was during one of his stays at Kew that he became ill and died on 1 September 1933 aged 51, and is buried in Richmond Cemetery.
Craib is commemorated in the genera Craibiodendron and Craibia, as well as a number of species.
Family
He married Mary Beatrice Turner in 1917. They had no children.
Selected publications
The Flora of Banffshire. Craib, William Grant, 1912. Banffshire Journal Limited, Transactions of the Banffshire Field Club
Florae siamensis enumeratio : a list of the plants known from Siam, with records of their occurrence. Craib, William Grant, Kerr, Arthur Francis George. 1925-1931. Siam Society, Bangkok : The Bangkok times press
References
1882 births
1933 deaths
British botanists
Fellows of the Linnean Society of London
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Scottish botanists
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
People educated at Fordyce Academy
The Council for the Registration of Schools Teaching Dyslexic Pupils (CReSTeD) is a charity which maintains a register of schools for dyslexic children in the United Kingdom. The use of upper and lower case letters for the acronym CReSTeD is an attempt to graphically represent the difficulties a person with dyslexia experiences when trying to read.
History
CResTeD was established as a charity in 1989 by the British Dyslexia Association and the, then, Dyslexia Institute (now Dyslexia Action), with the aim of evaluating schools for teaching dyslexic students and maintaining an up-to-date register of these schools.
CReSTeD Register
To facilitate access to the register of schools the charity produces the Register in booklet form and makes the information available via the internet on the charity's website. The printed booklet is circulated widely to Local Education Authorities, SNAP (Special Needs and Parents) offices and to other interested bodies. It is also available on request directly from CReSTeD free of charge.
The Register booklet is reprinted once a year. However, the charity's website is maintained throughout the year, and any changes to registration are recorded on an ongoing basis. Schools wishing to maintain their registration re-apply every three years, when a further visit will be undertaken to ensure standards have been maintained. Around 90 schools were listed as registered in 2012.
The Register is also made available in digital formats: ibook, ebook and pdf, the digital versions contain additional material for each school as well as advice regarding Specific Learning Difficulties. All publications are made available free of charge.
Parents in the British Armed Forces whose children have a diagnosis of dyslexia are eligible for a Continuity of Education Allowance if their child attends a CReSTeD-registered school, registered as category DSP (Dyslexia Specialist Provision School), SPS (Specialist Provision School) or DU (Dyslexia Unit).
Registration procedure
Registration with CReSTeD is voluntary, schools apply to be included. However, there is a strict application procedure:
The school completes an application form which is submitted: the form is checked to ensure all required documentation has been supplied
A CReSTeD consultant visits the school to assess the dyslexia provision against published criteria.
The consultants submit a report, which is approved for content by the school.
The report is reviewed by a group of peers who make the final recommendation to the CReSTeD Council as to whether the school should be included within the Register.
The report is further reviewed by the CReSTeD Council, whose constituent members represent: the British Dyslexia Association, Dyslexia Action, the Dyslexia-SpLD Trust, the Helen Arkell Dyslexia Association, a representative from an independent school, a representative from a maintained school and at least one educational psychologist. It is the Council who make the final decision as to whether a school should be included within the Register.
Categorisation
CReSTeD places schools into several categories. Dyslexia Specialist Provision Schools are schools which focus specifically on teaching dyslexic pupils. Specialist Provision Schools are primarily intended for children with special learning difficulties, including, but not limited to, autistic spectrum disorder. Schools which have a specialist unit on-site devoted to teaching dyslexic students are referred to as Dyslexia Units. Schools without distinct units, but with separate classes for dyslexic students in some or all subjects are categorized as Specialist Classes. Schools with a Withdrawal System place students in regular classes for some instruction, but dyslexic students are withdrawn from some classes for specialist tuition. Maintained Sector schools have inclusion and support strategies for dyslexic students.
Funding
CReSTeD is a charity registered in England and Wales. It does not receive financial support from central or local government or from any other statutory bodies. All costs associated with the charity are funded by charging schools an annual registration fee of £550 per annum to independent schools and £250 a year to maintained schools. A charge is made to schools for the first registration visit, the cost of subsequent re-registration visits being included within the annual registration fee.
References
External links
Official website
Dyslexia
River Alexander (born November 29, 1999) is an American actor.
Early life
Alexander was born in Southwest Ranches, Florida. He attended American Heritage School in Plantation, Florida.
Career
Alexander's first professional performance was on stage at the age of 11 in New York City at the Public Theater in the musical Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson. He then went on to perform in the Broadway national tour of Billy Elliot the Musical. He has had several episodic roles on television. His first film role was in 2013's summer indie hit The Way, Way Back in the role of Peter. He was also in Boychoir, which was released in 2015.
Filmography
Film
Television
Stage
Discography
Cast albums
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Male actors from Florida
American male child actors
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Living people
People from Southwest Ranches, Florida
1999 births
American Heritage School (Florida) alumni
is a Japanese professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team .
Major results
2005
2nd Time trial, National Under-23 Road Championships
2006
3rd Time trial, National Under-23 Road Championships
2007
1st Time trial, National Under-23 Road Championships
2008
1st Stage 7 Jelajah Malaysia
1st Stage 1b (TTT) Brixia Tour
2010
2nd Kumamoto International Road Race
3rd Japan Cup Cycle Road Race
8th Overall Tour de Okinawa
2011
1st Shimano Road Race
5th Japan Cup Cycle Road Race
6th Overall Tour de Okinawa
1st Stage 2
9th Overall Tour de Hokkaido
2012
2nd Tour de Okinawa
8th Road race, National Road Championships
9th Overall Tour de Taiwan
9th Overall Tour of Thailand
1st Points classification
9th Japan Cup Cycle Road Race
2014
5th Tour de Okinawa
7th Road race, National Road Championships
2015
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
10th Overall Tour de Ijen
10th Japan Cup Cycle Road Race
2016
9th Tour de Okinawa
2017
1st Road race, National Road Championships
3rd Tour de Okinawa
7th Overall Tour de Tochigi
10th Japan Cup Cycle Road Race
2018
1st Team time trial, Asian Road Championships
6th Tour de Okinawa
2019
9th Tour de Okinawa
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Japanese male cyclists
Thomas Nelson Burnette Jr. (October 23, 1944 – April 1, 2019) was a retired lieutenant general in the United States Army. He served as deputy commander in chief of U.S. Joint Forces Command from 1999 to 2000 and deputy chief of staff for operations and plans of the United States Army from 1997 to 1999.
Early life and education
Born in Georgia, Burnette enlisted in the Army in June 1962. After a year in the United States Military Academy Preparatory School, he entered West Point in July 1964 and graduated in 1968, commissioning as a second lieutenant of infantry. He later earned a master's degree in operations research from the Georgia Institute of Technology. Burnette is also a graduate of the United States Army Command and General Staff College and the Industrial College of the Armed Forces.
Military career
In his early career, Burnette served with the 82nd Airborne Division in Vietnam, first as an enlistee and then platoon leader with 2nd Battalion. His command and staff positions were under the 82nd Airborne Division, 10th Mountain Division and the office of the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations and Plans.
As a brigadier general, Burnette served as commander of the 2nd Brigade, 10th Mountain Division. He then became executive officer to the Secretary of the Army before being assigned as assistant division commander of the 82nd Airborne Division.
As a major general, Burnette commanded the 10th Mountain Division from July 1995 to July 1997. Future division commander Franklin L. Hagenbeck served as Burnette's chief of staff.
Burnette's was confirmed for promotion to lieutenant general on June 27, 1997, with date of rank effective November 1, 1997. He was assigned as the deputy chief of staff for operations and plans of the Army Staff from 1997 until 1999, before assuming his final assignment as deputy commander in chief of the United States Joint Forces Command from 1999 to 2000. At his retirement ceremony, Burnette was awarded the Defense Distinguished Service Medal. He officially retired on January 1, 2001.
Later life and death
From 2001 to 2012, Burnette served as a senior mentor to a number of U.S. Army-affiliated corporations. He died in an apparent murder-suicide at his home on April 1, 2019 in Savannah, Georgia, where he and his wife Susan were found dead by Chatham County police. His body was cremated upon completion of the investigation.
Personal life
Burnette was introduced to Susan Elizabeth Hall (February 14, 1947 – April 1, 2019) in 1967 by his brother Ronald in Atlanta, and they married in 1968. They have two children.
References
1944 births
2019 deaths
2019 suicides
Military personnel from Savannah, Georgia
United States Military Academy alumni
Georgia Tech alumni
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
Dwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource Strategy alumni
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Recipients of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Meritorious Service Medal (United States)
Recipients of the Air Medal
20th-century American military personnel
United States Army generals
Murder–suicides in Georgia (U.S. state)
Suicides by firearm in Georgia (U.S. state)
American murderers
Uxoricides
Poland competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Medalists
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Archery
Poland qualified two archers for the Rio Games following their performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships, both in the recurve open with one spot for a man and one for a woman. Milena Olszewska earned the first spot. She came into the competition as the 2014 European Para Archery Championship the silver medallist. Piotr Sawicki earned Poland's second spot after defeating Japan's Takahiro Hasegawa.
Men
Women
Mixed
Athletics
Men
Track
Field
Women
Track
Field
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Poland qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Road
Men
Women
Track
Pursuits and time trials
Men
Women
Equestrian
The country earned an individual slot via the Para Equestrian Individual Ranking List Allocation method.
Individual
Paracanoeing
Poland earned a qualifying spot at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport following their performance at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint & Paracanoe World Championships in Milan, Italy where the top six finishers in each Paralympic event earned a qualifying spot for their nation. Jakub Tokarz earned the spot for Poland after finishing second in the men's KL1 event. Mateusz Surwilo earned a second spot for Poland after finishing seventh in the men's KL3 event. He qualified because a country only gets one canoe per event, and Russia had two canoes ahead of them.
Powerlifting
Men
Women
Rowing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top eight finish at the 2015 FISA World Rowing Championships in a medal event. France qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the TA Mixed Double Sculls event with a seventh-place finish in a time of 04:08.770.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); R=Repechage
Sailing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top seven finish at the 2015 Combined World Championships in a medal event where the country had nor already qualified through via the 2014 IFDS Sailing World Championships. Poland qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the SKUD 18 event with a fifth-place finish overall and the second country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships. The boat was crewed by Monika Gibes and Piotr Cichocki.
Shooting
Swimming
Men
Women
Table tennis
Men
Men's team
Women
Women's team
Wheelchair fencing
Men
Women
Wheelchair tennis
Poland qualified two competitors in the men's single event, Kamil Fabisiak and Tadeusz Kruszelnicki.
See also
Poland at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Polish sport
Jan Christensen is a Danish lightweight rower. He won a gold medal at the 1984 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
The Springfield Model 1840 was a flintlock
musket manufactured by the United States during the mid-19th century. The .69 caliber musket had a 42-inch (107 cm) barrel, an overall length of 58 inches (147 cm), and a weight of 9.8 pounds (4.4 kg). More than 30,000 were produced by the Springfield and Harpers Ferry armories and two independent contractors between 1840 and 1846 (D. Nippes and L. Pomeroy).
The Model 1840 was a minor improvement over the Springfield Model 1835, and therefore was not dramatically different from the older musket. The Model 1840 featured a longer bayonet with a clasp and a stock with a comb. The designers of the Model 1840 anticipated that the musket would eventually be rifled, and made the barrel heavier than the earlier Model 1835 accordingly. The various modifications to the Model 1840 made it slightly heavier than the Model 1835.
The Model 1840 was the last flintlock musket produced at Springfield and Harpers Ferry armories. Many were converted to percussion lock before they made it to the field. Although produced as a smoothbore musket, most of the Model 1840s had their barrels rifled later, as the designers had anticipated.
See also
Springfield musket
References
External links
Springfield firearms
Muskets
American Civil War weapons
Weapons of the Confederate States of America
The Permanent Revolution and Results and Prospects is a 1930 book published by Bolshevik-Soviet politician and former head of The Red Army Leon Trotsky. It was first published by the Left Opposition in the Russian language in Germany in 1930. The book was translated into English by John G. Wright and published by New Park Publications in 1931.
Synopsis
"The Permanent Revolution"
"The Permanent Revolution" is a 1928 essay written by Leon Trotsky in response to criticism given by Soviet politician Karl Radek. The work was published in Russian by The Left Opposition after the expulsion of Trotsky from The Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1927. It is a political theory book by Trotsky. Its title is the name of the concept of permanent revolution advocated by Trotsky and Trotskyists in opposition to the concept of socialism in one country as advocated by Joseph Stalin and Stalinists.
This was published after the death of Vladimir Lenin which triggered a power struggle within military, bureaucratic, legislative bodies within the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. General Secretary Joseph Stalin formed a political alliance with Lev Kamenev, Zinnoviev and Nikolai Bukharin, who opposed Trotsky within The Politburo and The Central Committee. Stalin's bloc pursued an isolationist policy referred to as Socialism in One Country, which emphasized placing economic development before world revolution. Trotsky in contrast, saw this as a revisionist deviation from Marxism and Leninism, and in contrast proclaimed the Marxist ideology strategy of permanent revolution.
"Results and Prospects"
Results and Prospects is a 1908 essay written by Trotsky as a reaction to the 1905 Russian Revolution.
See also
Leon Trotsky bibliography
References
Books about the Soviet Union
Books about the Russian Revolution
1919 non-fiction books
Russian books
Books about Trotskyism
Works by Leon Trotsky
Laura Deming (born 1994) is a venture capitalist. Her work focuses on life extension, and using biological research to reduce or reverse the effects of aging.
Education
Laura Deming is the daughter of John and Tabitha Deming; she grew up in New Zealand. Deming and her brother, Trey, were homeschooled; she says she taught herself "calculus and probability and statistics, and French literature and history". At age 8, Deming became interested in the biology of aging, and at age 12 she joined the lab of Cynthia Kenyon at the University of California, San Francisco. Kenyon successfully increased the lifespan of the worm C. elegans by a factor of ten through genetic engineering. Deming was accepted to MIT at age 14 and studied physics, but later dropped out to accept the $100,000 Thiel Fellowship and start a venture capital firm. Deming was one of only two women in the 2011 initial class of Thiel Fellows.
Career
Deming is a partner at and founder of The Longevity Fund, a venture capital firm focused on aging and life extension. The firm raised $4 million in its first fund and $22 million for its second fund, in 2017. The Longevity Fund investments include Unity Biotechnology, which develops senolytic drugs targeting diseases of aging, Navitor Pharmaceuticals, and Metacrine.
Deming believes that science can be used to create biological immortality in humans, and has said that ending aging "is a lot closer than you might think". She has been featured in "30 Under 30" by Forbes magazine, and was one of the stars of "The Age of Ageing", a documentary by National Geographic television channel. She also spoke at the 2012 Singularity Summit and at the 2013 TEDMED conference.
In 2018, Deming launched Age1, a four-month startup accelerator program focused on founders creating longevity companies. The program graduated its first class of six on October 10, 2018, with companies including Fauna Bio, a startup using the biology of hibernation to aid in heart attack and stroke recovery, and Spring Discovery, focused on accelerating aging therapeutic research with machine learning. In August 2018, Deming also began advising the newly launched Pioneer, a fund designed to find talent and "lost Einsteins" around the world, for projects in longevity.
See also
Calico (company)
SENS Research Foundation
References
External links
The Longevity Fund
Longevity FAQ
Life extensionists
New Zealand businesspeople
1994 births
Living people
Thiel fellows
American venture capitalists
Cotton Exchange Building may refer to:
in the United Kingdom
Liverpool Cotton Exchange Building, England
Manchester Royal Exchange the United Kingdom's principal cotton exchange from 1729 until 1968
in the United States
Augusta Cotton Exchange Building, Augusta, Georgia
New Orleans Cotton Exchange Building, New Orleans, Louisiana
New York Cotton Exchange, New York, New York
Cotton-Exchange Building (Oklahoma City, Oklahoma), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Houston Cotton Exchange Building, Houston, Texas
Old Cotton Exchange Building, Nacogdoches, Texas, listed on the NRHP
See also
Cotton Exchange (disambiguation)
The 1949 William & Mary Indians football team represented the College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia during the 1949 college football season. The 1940s was the most successful decade in William & Mary football history. The Indians amassed more wins than any other decade (and this includes a non-existent 1943 season due to World War II), had the largest positive-point differential, won two conference championships and qualified for back-to-back bowl games in 1947 and 1948. There were 24 National Football League (NFL) Draft selections, which is the most all-time for William & Mary in a single decade. Additionally, the 1940s was the only decade in which William & Mary was an Associated Press nationally ranked team as a major college football team.
Schedule
NFL Draft selections
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
The 2012–13 USHL season is the 34th season of the United States Hockey League as an all-junior league. The regular season began on September 28, 2012, and concluded on April 13, 2013, with the regular season champion winning the Anderson Cup.
The playoffs began on April 16, 2013, and completed on May 17, 2013. The top four teams from each conference competed for the Clark Cup, with all series played in a best-of-five format.
This season was the 21st season in which one team captured both the Anderson Cup and the Clark Cup in the same season. It was the first time the Dubuque Fighting Saints accomplished this feat.
Regular season
Final standings reflect games played through April 14, 2013
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; OTL = Overtime losses; PTS = Points; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; PIM = Penalties in minutesx = clinched playoff berth; y = clinched conference title; z = clinched regular season title
Eastern Conference
Western Conference
Players
Scoring leaders
Final statistics reflect games played through April 14, 2013
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; PTS = Points; +/- = Plus/Minus Rating; PIM = Penalties in minutes
Leading goaltenders
Final statistics reflect games played through April 14, 2013
Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses: OTL = Overtime losses; SL = Shootout losses; SO = Shutouts; GA = Goals Allowed; GAA = Goals against average; SV% = Save percentage
Clark Cup Playoffs
Conference Semifinals
Note 1: All times are local.
Note 2: Game times in italics signify games to be played only if necessary.
Note 3: Home team is listed first.
Eastern Conference
(1) Dubuque Fighting Saints vs. (4) Muskegon Lumberjacks
(2) Green Bay Gamblers vs. (3) Youngstown Phantoms
Western Conference
(1) Sioux Falls Stampede vs. (4) Lincoln Stars
(2) Fargo Force vs. (3) Waterloo Black Hawks
Conference Finals
Note 1: All times are local.
Note 2: Game times in italics signify games to be played only if necessary.
Note 3: Home team is listed first.
Eastern Conference
(1) Dubuque Fighting Saints vs. (3) Youngstown Phantoms
Western Conference
(1) Sioux Falls Stampede vs. (2) Fargo Force
Clark Cup Finals
Note 1: All times are local.
Note 2: Game times in italics signify games to be played only if necessary.
Note 3: Home team is listed first.
(E1) Dubuque Fighting Saints vs. (W2) Fargo Force
Playoff Statistics
Statistics reflect games played through May 17, 2013
Scoring leaders
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; PTS = Points; +/- = Plus/Minus Rating; PIM = Penalty minutes
Leading goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; SO = Shutouts; GA = Goals Allowed; GAA = Goals against average; SV% = Save percentage
USHL Awards
All-USHL teams
First Team
Second Team
All-Rookie Team
References
External links
Official website of the United States Hockey League
United States Hockey League seasons
Ushl
The 2010 FC Zenit Saint Petersburg season was the 15th straight season that the club will play in the Russian Premier League, the highest tier of football in Russia. The club won the Russian Premier League for the second time in four years and the Russian Cup for the first time since 1999, completing a double.
Internationally, the club was registered for Europe's highest level of football competition, the 2010–11 UEFA Champions League, as the third place team from Russia in 2009. Zenit were drawn into the Group Stage of the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League alongside Anderlecht, AEK Athens and Hajduk after falling 2–1 on aggregate to French club Auxerre in the Champions League play-off round.
Season Events
11 January: Defender Michael Lumb signs for Zenit from AGF Aarhus.
16 January: Striker Aleksandr Kerzhakov returns to Zenit from Dynamo Moscow after spending six seasons with the club from 2001-06.
26 January: Defender Kim Dong-jin's contract is terminated due to medical examinations and fainting bouts experienced during practices with the South Korea national team.
28 January: Zenit plays its first match of 2010, a friendly against Uzbek side Lokomotiv Tashkent during training camp in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
29 January: Midfielder Igor Semshov rejoins Dynamo Moscow on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee.
3 February: Striker and club leading goal scorer from 2008 and 2009 Fatih Tekke joins Rubin Kazan on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee.
23 February: Goalkeeper Yuri Zhevnov signs for Zenit from FC Moscow.
3 March: Striker Danko Lazović signs for Zenit from PSV.
9 March: Striker Sergey Kornilenko joins former club Tom Tomsk on a one-year loan deal with the option to return to Zenit during the summer.
13 March: Midfielder Danny plays his first match in ten months after suffering a season-ending injury in May 2009 and scores the winning goal against Krylia Sovetov.
16 May: Zenit wins the Russian Cup 1–0 over Sibir Novosibirsk, with the Cup-winning goal scored by midfielder Roman Shirokov.
5 July: Defender Nicolas Lombaerts signs a new four-year contract with the club.
19 July: Striker Aleksandr Bukharov signs for Zenit from Rubin Kazan. Newly acquired defender Michael Lumb is loaned to Feyenoord until July 2011 due to lack of playing time with the club.
29 July: Midfielder Igor Denisov signs a new five-year contract with the club and defender Aleksandar Luković signs for Zenit from Udinese.
31 July: Zenit wins its ninth-straight Russian Premier League match after defeating reigning champions Rubin Kazan 2–0 on a double from striker Aleksandr Kerzhakov. Defender Sébastien Puygrenier returns from a year loan at Monaco and attends Zenit's summer camp in Austria before receiving another one-year loan deal with Monaco.
3 August: Defender Bruno Alves signs for Zenit from Porto for a Russian Premier League-record €22 million foreign transfer fee.
4 August: Zenit defeats Unirea Urziceni 1–0 on aggregate to advance to the play-off round of the 2010–11 UEFA Champions League. Danny scores the only goal of the tie in the 33rd minute of the second leg, assisted by Vladimir Bystrov.
5 August: Midfielder Sergei Semak signs for Zenit from Rubin Kazan.
25 August: Manager Luciano Spalletti suffers his first competitive loss with Zenit, falling 2–0 to French club Auxerre at the Stade de l'Abbé-Deschamps. Zenit sees both goalkeeper Vyacheslav Malafeev and defender Tomáš Hubočan sent off by Slovenian referee Damir Skomina as the club falls out of the Champions League 2–1 on aggregate.
27 August: Zenit are seeded into Pot No. 1 of the Europa League with a UEFA coefficient of 61.258 and drawn into a group with Anderlecht, AEK Athens and Hajduk Split.
7 September: Zenit release midfielder Radek Šírl.
14 November: Zenit win the 2010 Russian Premier League by defeating Rostov at the Petrovsky Stadium 5–0.
9 December: 10 Zenit players are named to the annual RFU Top 33 Best Players list with seven players – Aleksandr Anyukov (right back), Tomáš Hubočan (left back), Igor Denisov (defensive midfield), Vladimir Bystrov (right midfield), Konstantin Zyryanov (central midfield), Danny (left midfield) and Aleksandr Kerzhakov (right forward) – named the best at their respective position.
19 December: Four Zenit players receive trophies at the RFU's award ceremony in Moscow. Aleksandr Kerzhakov was named Striker of the Year, Danny was named the best foreign player, manager Luciano Spalletti was named Coach of the Year, and captain Aleksandr Anyukov was named Most Valuable Player.
Squad
Transfers
In
Out
Loans out
Released
Friendlies
Winter
Summer
Competitions
Russian Premier League
Results summary
Results by matchday
Results
League table
Russian Cup
The Round of 16 match against Anzhi Makhachkala took place during the 2011–12 season.
UEFA Champions League
Qualifying rounds
UEFA Europa League
Group stage
The Round of 32 match against Young Boys took place during the 2011–12 season.
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="16"|Players away from the club on loan:
|-
|colspan="16"|Players who left Zenit St.Petersburg during the season:
|}
Goal scorers
References
External links
Information from http://www.rfpl.org/
2010 Zenit Saint Petersburg season at ESPN
Zenit Saint Petersburg statistics at sports.ru
2010
Zenit Saint Petersburg
Russian football championship-winning seasons
Zenit Saint Petersburg
Luiza Rasulova (, Луиза Расулова; ) (born April 24, 1995) is an Uzbek actress and presenter. Rasulova received widespread recognition and acclaim in Uzbekistan after starring in the 2012 Uzbek drama O Maryam, Maryam. Since then she has starred in many Uzbek comedy films Rasulova has also recorded a few songs.
Life
Luiza Rasulova was born on April 24, 1995 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. Since she is not yet married, she lives with her mother and brothers. Luiza Rasulova began her professional career in 2010. The actress starred in the 2011 film "Yondiradi Kuydiradi", and in 2012 co-starred with singer Shahzoda and Ulugbek Kadyrov in the Uzbek film "O Maryam, Maryam" directed by Bakhrom Yakubov. After that, she became known as an actress. In 2017, she started working as the host of the show "Indigo" on Zo'r TV.
Education
The actress has a higher education. She graduated from high school in 2002-2011 and in grades 10-11 from 2011 to 2013. In 2013, she entered Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv, Faculty of Drama and Acting in Cinematography, and graduated in 2017. The actress speaks Uzbek, Russian, English and Ukrainian.
Charity
In 2019, she organized the "Roʻzgʻorga Barokat" charity foundation together with singer Rayhon Ganieva and Uzbek comedian Halima Ibragimova.
Filmography
Songs
References
External links
Official Youtube channel
Official Rizanova page
Ethnic Uzbek people
1995 births
Living people
Uzbekistani film actresses
21st-century Uzbekistani women singers
21st-century Uzbekistani actresses
People from Tashkent Region
The Canada Memorial in Green Park, London, United Kingdom, commemorates members of the Canadian Forces killed during the First and Second World Wars. It was designed by the Canadian sculptor Pierre Granche, erected in 1992 and unveiled by Queen Elizabeth II in 1994. The memorial was the result of lobbying and fund raising, much of it in Canada, by the former Canadian media tycoon Conrad Black.
History and description
Pierre Granche, one of Canada's foremost sculptors, won the commission as the result of a competition, sculpted the memorial from red granite; it is divided by a walkway into two distinct halves, representing Britain and Canada's joint participation in World Wars I and II. The inclined sculpture is inset with 506 bronze maple leaves (the Canadian emblem) and the country's coat of arms. Water flows across the sloping surface and creates an illusion of floating leaves. An inscription at the centre of the memorial reads:
"In two world wars one million Canadians came to Britain and joined the fight for freedom. From danger shared, our friendship prospers."
From 2004, following a change in fortunes of the memorial's patron, Conrad Black, the memorial fell into disrepair and became subject to debate concerning its maintenance. In 2008, the Canadian Government assumed responsibility for the upkeep of the memorial: announcing "Our Government will ensure that the Canada Memorial in London, England, has the long-term care and upkeep it deserves as a lasting and fitting tribute to our nation's truest heroes." As of October 2011, the memorial was fenced off and not operational, despite £50,000 spent by Veterans Affairs Canada in renovations and upkeep. After refurbishment of corroded pipes and fittings, the memorial has now reopened.
Canada Memorial Foundation
At the same time as the Memorial was being built and unveiled, the same group of people behind it raised an endowment called the Canada Memorial Foundation. Since the early 1990s that endowment has been sending British students to do post-graduate studies at Canadian universities. It is managed by volunteer trustees and is completely separate from the Green Park Memorial. However, the Foundation shares similar aims of encouraging the connections and cooperation between Britain and Canada.
See also
Canada Gate
Canadian war memorials
Notes
References
Veterans Affairs Canada accessed 28 October 2011.
Canada at War accessed 11 February 2010.
CBC News accessed 2 February 2010.
Internnation Business Times accessed 11 February 2010.
Edwardian London accessed 11 February 2010.
Robinson, John Martin (1999). Buckingham Palace. Published by The Royal Collection, St. James's Palace, London .
The Royal Parks, St. James's accessed 2 February 2010.
The Toronto Star Article by Mitch Potter August 2007. accessed 11 February 2010.
Worcestershire County Council accessed 2 February 2010.
External links
Interactive map showing location of Canada Gate and the Canada Memorial accessed 2 February 2010.
Canada–United Kingdom relations
Canada Memorial (London)
Monuments and memorials in London
Tourist attractions in the City of Westminster
Buildings and structures in Green Park
World War I memorials in the United Kingdom
World War II memorials in the United Kingdom
Ulna hypoplasia-intellectual disability syndrome is a very rare genetic disorder which is characterized by shortening of the arms associated with ulnar aplasia/hypoplasia, bilateral clubbed feet, widespread nail aplasia/hypoplasia, and severe psychomotor delays with intellectual disabilities. It has only been described in two siblings born to consanguineous Arab parents. It is thought to be inherited in an autosomal recessive manner.
References
Genetic diseases and disorders
Colonel Charles Frederick Hamilton (1879–1933) was a Canadian intelligence officer and newspaper journalist.
Hamilton was born in Roslin, Ontario in 1879, and later graduated from Queen's University
As a journalist, Hamilton first worked for The Toronto World, and from 1899-1902, at the Toronto Globe, where he covered the Boer War and "scooped" coverage of the Battle of Paardeberg. He later worked at the Toronto News.
He co-authored a biography of George Monro Grant, Principal Grant, in 1904.
During World War I, Hamilton served as a deputy chief censor, where he focused largely on cablegrams and radio traffic.
Following the war, in 1919, he returned to the Royal North-West Mounted Police, where he was made intelligence liaison, and became the Royal Canadian Mounted Police's first intelligence officer. There he penned influential reports on naval policy and voiced concern about a military threat from Japan in the 1920s. He served in that capacity at the RCMP until his death in 1933.
References
External links
WorldCat author listing
Papers at Archives Canada
1879 births
1933 deaths
Canadian male journalists
Canadian military personnel
Journalists from Ontario
'Starship Children's Hospital is a public children's hospital in Auckland, New Zealand. Opened on 18 November 1991, it was one of the first purpose-built children's hospitals in New Zealand, and is the largest such facility in the country. Although a separate facility, it is located on the same grounds as the Auckland City Hospital in Grafton, Auckland, and is adjacent to the Auckland Medical School.
On 1 July 2022 Te Whatu Ora – Health New Zealand and Te Aka Whai Ora – Māori Health Authority became Aotearoa's new national health authorities and Starship became part of Health New Zealand.
There are more than 140,000 patient visits to Starship Child Health each year including around 1000 outreach clinics where Starship clinicians offer specialist consultation and support to their peers all around New Zealand.
Facilities
Character
The main Starship building opened on 18 November 1991 on the grounds of Auckland City Hospital. Its name was chosen to appeal to children and young people and to reflect the building's design. The building has a central atrium lit by natural light and designed to a rainforest theme with a playground. Each of its five levels is painted a different colour, with a symbolic meaning: aqua for the Pacific Ocean; orange for land; blue for sky; yellow for sunshine; and pink for health.
Medical
Facilities include inpatient and outpatient services as well as community-based services such as Community Child Health and Disability Service, Safekids and Paediatric Home Care. The building has nine wards and a capacity of 219 beds. Besides the main building, Starship has outpatient clinics for the Auckland region in Tamaki, West Auckland and North Shore, as well as being associated with approximately 45 Outreach Clinics throughout the country.
Starship Hospital is the major trauma centre for children in the Auckland region, and the tertiary major trauma centre for children in the Northland, Auckland, and northern parts of the Waikato region.
Others
The volunteer group Radio Lollipop operates a hospital radio station, as well as visiting children with games and entertainment in the evenings.
The hospital includes a number of food outlets and a convenience store.
References
External links
Welcome to Starship Children's Health and Starship Foundation (official hospital website)
Hospital buildings completed in 1991
Children's hospitals in New Zealand
Teaching hospitals in New Zealand
Buildings and structures in Auckland
Hospitals established in 1991
1991 establishments in New Zealand
1990s architecture in New Zealand
