Neohermenias thalassitis is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand and Java.
References
Moths described in 1910
Eucosmini
Ève Cournoyer (May 15, 1969 - August 12, 2012) was a Canadian singer-songwriter from Quebec, most prominent in the 2000s. She was most noted for winning the SOCAN Songwriting Prize in the French division for her song "Tout arrive" in 2006.
Cournoyer began her career in music by writing songs while raising her daughter. She began performing at music venues in Montreal in the late 1990s, before participating in the Francofolies de Montréal in 1999. She released the demo recording Stéréotype 1 that year, before releasing her debut studio album Sabot-de-Vénus in 2002. She won a MIMI Award from the Montreal International Music Initiative in 2003 for her single "Dans les bois".
She followed up with the albums L'Écho in 2005 and Tempête in 2010, and composed music for François Delisle's films Happiness Is a Sad Song (Le bonheur c'est une chanson triste) and You (Toi).
Cournoyer died on August 12, 2012, just days after the release of her final album Le labeur d'une fleur.
References
1969 births
2012 deaths
Canadian women singer-songwriters
Canadian singer-songwriters
Canadian film score composers
Canadian rock singers
Canadian pop singers
Singers from Quebec
French-language singers of Canada
21st-century Canadian women singers
Canadian women composers
The Hazratbal Shrine (), popularly called Dargah Sharif ("the Holy Shrine"), is a Muslim shrine located in Hazratbal locality of Srinagar in Jammu and Kashmir, India. It contains a relic, Moi-e-Muqqadas, which is widely believed to be the hair of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. It is situated on the northern bank of the Dal Lake in Srinagar, and is considered to be Kashmir's holiest Muslim shrine.
The name of the shrine is a combination of the Arabic word hazrat () and the Kashmiri word bal ().
History and present status
Hazratbal Shrine was initially established by Inayat Begum, the daughter of Khwaja Nur-ud-Din Eshai and the custodian of the holy relic. The first building of the shrine was constructed in 17th century by Mughal subedar Sadiq Khan during the emperor Shah Jahan's reign. This was initially called Ishrat Jahan. The building was ordered to be converted into a prayer hall in 1634 by Shah Jahan. The present day structure was started in 1968 and after 11 years it was completed in 1979.
The shrine contains strands of what is believed by many Muslims to be the hair of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. The relic was first brought to Kashmir by Syed Abdullah Madani, a purported descendant of Muhammad who left Medina (in present-day Saudi Arabia) and settled in the South Indian city of Bijapur in 1635, at a time when the Islamic Mughal Empire was rapidly expanding across India.
Following Abdullah's death, his son Syed Hameed inherited the relic. The region was conquered by the Mughals shortly afterwards, and Hameed was stripped of his family estates. Finding himself unable to care for the relic, he passed it to Khwaja Nur-ud-Din Ishbari, a wealthy Kashmiri businessman.
However, when the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb was informed of the holy relic's existence and transfer, he had it seized and sent to the shrine of Sufi mystic Mu'in al-Din Chishti in Ajmer, and imprisoned Ishbari in Delhi. After nine days Aurangzeb had a dream of Muhammad with four caliphs: Abu Bakr, Umar, Usman and Ali. In the dream, Muhammad ordered him to send the Moi-e-Muqaddas to Kashmir from Ajmer. Then Aurangzeb returned the holy relic to Ishbari and allow him to take it to Kashmir. However, Ishbari had already died while imprisoned. By 1700, the relic had been transported to Kashmir, along with the body of Ishbari. There, Inayat Begum, the daughter of Ishbari, became the custodian of the relic and established the Hazratbal Shrine. Since then, her male descendants have been caretakers of the relic at the mosque.
Begum's male descendants belong to what is known as the Banday family. , three main members care for the holy relic: Manzoor Ahmad Banday, Ishaq Banday and Mohiuddin Banday. The relic is displayed for public view only on special Islamic occasions, such as the birthdays of Muhammad and his four main companions.
The caretakers of the shrine are known as nishandeh. The eldest male heirs of the previous nishandeh continue the legacy of displaying the relic when their predecessor dies.
1963 relic disappearance episode
The Moi-e-Muqqadas, a relic widely believed by Muslims to be the hair of Muhammad, was reported to have gone missing from the shrine on 27 December 1963. Following its disappearance, mass demonstrations were held all over the state, with hundreds of thousands of protesters out in the streets. On 31 December, Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru made a broadcast to the nation on the disappearance of the sacred Muslim relic, and sent a team from the Central Bureau of Investigation into Jammu and Kashmir to probe the suspected theft.
The incident led to communal tensions and riots in the Indian state of West Bengal and East Pakistan (now Bangladesh), due to which India saw a refugee influx of around 200,000 people between December 1963 and February 1964.
The relic was recovered by Indian authorities on 4 January 1964.
Demands were made that it be officially identified by the elders. It was charged that political bosses had stolen the hair so they could later come to power by taking credit for restoring it.
See also
Ziyarat Naqshband Sahab
Hamza Makhdoom
Khanqah-e-Moula
Dastgeer Sahib
References
Sufi shrines in India
Buildings and structures in Srinagar
Mosques in Jammu and Kashmir
New Columbus is an unincorporated community in Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana. It is also known as Ovid, and is marked by both names on highway signs at the town's borders.
History
Abraham Adams arrived in the nascent Madison County the same year that it was being organized. He built his log cabin on the south side of Fall Creek, and in 1834 he platted a town on the site, calling it New Columbus. This name was used until 1837, when a US Post Office was brought to the community. Post Office officials feared the town's name would be confused with Columbus, the seat of Bartholomew County. They arbitrarily chose to name the Post Office Ovid. Local residents resisted, and in 1840 launched legal action to change the PO name, but were unsuccessful.
The Ovid Post Office was discontinued after a century of operation, and at that time residents again petitioned various state agencies to have the original name restored to the community. However, by that time "Ovid" was in common use, so both names are still used: The state's official highway mad calls it Ovid; the official county map issued by Madison County calls it New Columbus. Road signs on New Columbus Road through the community read "New Columbus or Ovid".
Water-powered mill
Many Indiana settlements used water power to grind wheat and run sawmills. The first such installation in New Columbus was on Fall Creek, east of the settlement. Remnants of the several-hundred-foot mill race are still visible.
In the 1910s, Fall Creek was dredged and straightened, allowing the nearby flatland to be tilled and harvested.
Mt. Zion Lutheran Church was built at the west end of town in 1860–61. The building still stands but is no longer used as a church, but is being maintained as a historical site.
The Ovid School (Adams Township District #4 School) was placed in service in 1873.
North of the settlement, the German Baptist church building was erected in 1860.
Geography
New Columbus is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
The 1971 Hackney Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Hackney London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
Sir Stanley Graham Yapp (30 June 1933 – 1 April 2012) was a Labour politician in Birmingham, England, who became the first leader of the West Midlands County Council.
He worked as a toolmaker for GEC at their Witton, Birmingham, factory and entered politics after becoming active in the Amalgamated Engineering Union.
In 1960, Yapp was elected to Birmingham City Council representing Kingstanding ward; he was re-elected there in 1963 and 1966, but lost his seat to the Conservatives in 1969. In 1970 he fought unsuccessfully in Aston ward, and in a July 1970 by-election he failed to retake Newtown ward from the Liberal Party. At the council elections in 1971 he returned, representing Washwood Heath ward and remained a member until the reform of local government took effect.
At the creation of West Midlands County Council in 1973, Yapp won the Erdington division and was also elected for the identical ward on the new Birmingham City Council. Yapp became Leader of the West Midlands County Council when it came into its powers in 1974, serving until Labour lost control and he lost his seat in the 1977 election. He did not stand for re-election to Birmingham City Council in 1978, but was made an Honorary Alderman in 1978. Yapp returned as a councillor in 1980 for Oscott ward, and in 1981 also gained the Oscott division on West Midlands County Council. Boundary changes in 1982 ended the terms of all councillors on Birmingham City Council and Yapp did not seek re-election, but after the abolition of West Midlands County Council in 1986 he was elected once again to Birmingham City Council for Oscott ward.
Yapp did not defend his seat in 1990, but fought Acocks Green ward in 1991, and won a byelection in Fox Hollies ward in February 1993. He was again defeated in 1994. All told he spent 28 years on the council.
He was chairman of Birmingham Airport from 1988 to 1994 and was one of the first directors of the National Exhibition Centre. He was appointed a Knight Bachelor in the 1975 Birthday Honours.
Yapp died suddenly, from cardiac arrest, on 1 April 2012. He and Christine, his third wife, had been married for 28 years.
References
Councillors in Birmingham, West Midlands
History of the West Midlands (county)
Labour Party (UK) councillors
Knights Bachelor
1933 births
2012 deaths
Trade unionists from Birmingham, West Midlands
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Leaders of local authorities of England
Illini West High School (IWHS) is a public high school in Carthage, Illinois, United States. IWHS serves a mostly rural area that includes most of northeastern Hancock County and extends into parts of Henderson and McDonough Counties, covering the cities of Carthage, Dallas City, and La Harpe, and the village of Ferris. The campus is located west of Macomb, Illinois, and has a student body of 332 students in grades 9–12 as of the 2017–18 school year. IWHS was established in 2007 as a consolidation of Carthage, Dallas City, and La Harpe High Schools and is housed at the former Carthage High School. The school is administered by the Illini West Community Unit School District 307, while the elementary and middle feeder schools in each of the communities that consolidated are administered by the Carthage Elementary School District 317, Dallas Elementary School District 327, and La Harpe Community School District 347.
Academics
In 2009 Illini West High School did not make Adequate Yearly Progress, with 48% of students meeting standards, on the Prairie State Achievement Examination, a state test that is part of the No Child Left Behind Act. The school's average high school graduation rate between 2008-2009 was 100%.
Athletics
Illini West High School competes in the Prairieland Conference and is a member school in the Illinois High School Association. The IWHS mascot is the Chargers, symbolized by a horse, with school colors of navy blue and orange. The school has 4 state championships on record in team athletics and activities, Boys Football in 2008-2009 (3A) and 2010-2011 (3A), Bass Fishing in 2010 and Girls Track 2015 (1A). However, predecessor high school won 6 more state championships: Boys Football in 1995-1996 (1A), 1998-1999 (1A), 1999-2000 (1A), and 2000-2001 (1A), as Carthage High School; Girls Basketball in 1991-1992 (A) as Hancock Central High School; and Girls Basketball in 1992-1993 (A) as Carthage High School.
History
The Illini West High School formed in 2007. It was the consolidation of Carthage High School, Dallas City High School, and La Harpe High School. The consolidated school used the Carthage High School building as its new home.
References
External links
Illini West High School
Public high schools in Illinois
Schools in Hancock County, Illinois
A pika is a small mammal of the genus Ochotona.
Pika may also refer to:
People
Heliodor Píka (1897–1949), Czechoslovak army officer
Pika Danylo (1901–1941), Ukrainian bandura player
Hikaru Minegishi (born 1991), nicknamed Pika, Filipino footballer
Vehicles
GAF Pika, manually-operated prototype of the GAF Jindivik, a target drone of Australia
Isuzu Pika, a Japanese light truck
JMC Pika, a midsized pickup truck for the Chinese market
Places
Pika Lake, a body of water of the Pika River in Lac-Achouakan, QuebeC, Canada
Pika River, a tributary of the Pikauba River, flowing in Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, Quebec, Canada
Pika Peak, a mountain in Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada
Other uses
Pika (subgenus), a subgenus of the genus Ochotona, aka the Pika Pika
Pikachu, a Pokémon who speaks only one word, pikachu, frequently clipped to pika and as a doublet pikapika
Pika Édition, a manga publisher from France
PIKA Industrial Woodworking School, Semarang, Indonesia
TV Pika, a Slovenian TV show
See also
Pika pika (disambiguation)
Pica (disambiguation)
PICA (disambiguation)
Pico (disambiguation)
Piko (disambiguation)
Trejsi Sejdini (born May 30, 2000) is an Albanian model, social media influencer and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Albania 2018 and represented Albania at the Miss Universe 2018.
Personal life
Sejdini was born in Elbasan, Albania on May 30, 2000 and lives in Tirana. In addition to her native language (Albanian), she speaks 3 foreign languages, namely Italian, French and English. She joined various clips as a model (the most famous are Gang gang by Fero and Jealousy by Mozzik) in Albania. Sejdini participated, at the age of 16, in Miss Universe Albania 2016 pageant, but she did not win even though she was one of the favorite competitors. She became the winner in the Miss Universe Albania 2018 pageant in June 2018 at Pallati i Kongreseve. In the same period she became also a social media influencer obtaining success and then she entered in the entertainment world by appearing on various television programs. She represented, at the age of 18, her country (Albania) at the Miss Universe 2018 pageant in December 2018.
Pageantry
Miss Universe Albania 2018
Sejdini was crowned as Miss Universe Albania 2018 pageant on June 6, 2018.
Miss Universe 2018
Sejdini represented Albania at Miss Universe 2018 pageant on December 17, 2018 and she was awarded Miss Photogenic.
References
External links
revistavip.club/miss universe albania
missuniverse.com
Living people
2000 births
Albanian female models
Miss Universe 2018 contestants
Albanian beauty pageant winners
People from Elbasan
Julian Bicknell (MA Dip Arch RIBA FRSA AWG) is a British architect.
Early life
Julian Bicknell was born in Cambridge on 23 February 1945, while his father Wing Commander Nigel Bicknell DSO DFC was in hospital at RAF Wroughton after a serious crash. Julian was educated at Mowden Hall School, Stocksfield, Northumberland, and Winchester College before studying architecture at King's College, Cambridge (MA, 1967).
Career
He started off working with Edward Cullinan in London (1966–72). He joined the teaching staff at the Royal College of Art under Sir Hugh Casson in 1972, becoming director of the Royal College of Art Project Office (1973–79). In 1979 he joined Arup Associates (reconstruction of Bedford School) under Sir Philip Dowson. He set up Julian Bicknell & Associates in 1983.
Bicknell's background is in modification, alteration and restoration of existing buildings, but his practice been most involved in the design and construction of new buildings in which the lessons of history are combined with contemporary architectural thinking and technology. His work in the UK includes The Old Gaol, Abingdon (RIBA Award 1976), new interiors at Castle Howard (Carpenters' Award 1984), projects for Oxford and Cambridge Colleges, the reconstruction of the Hunterian Museum for the Royal College of Surgeons and other projects involving sensitivity to complex historical contexts. Private houses make up the bulk of Bicknell's work, including Henbury Hall, Cheshire, Upton Parva, Warwickshire, Carden Hall, Cheshire, Forbes House, Surrey, Forest of Bere, Hampshire, Hunterian Museum, RCS, Royal Crest House, Takasaki, Princess Square, Esher, and the unusual oval house at Arragon Mooar, Isle of Man.
In 1983 his firm won the competition for a new residence for HM Ambassador in Moscow, although the contract was never awarded. In the 1990s he designed and built a number of English style buildings for the leisure sector in Japan: restaurants, a golf club, banqueting facilities and a complete—and historically authentic—Shakespearean village.
Despite a growing number of building projects, he continues to teach in Britain, and abroad. He was much involved in the development of the Prince of Wales Institute of Architecture between 1990 and 2000, on the Academic Board and as a teacher at the Institute itself and also at the ground-breaking international summer schools in Italy, Germany, France and the UK. He has also taught and lectured in the USA, Russia and Japan.
Associations
He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts, a member of the College of Practitioners of INTBAU and of the Traditional Architecture Group. He is a member of the Art Workers Guild and was its Master in 2013.
Papers and exhibitions
The Design for Need Exhibition, ICSID Conference, Dublin, 1978.
An affair of values, Rehabilitation and Conversion Conference, Glasgow, 1978.
Recent Work by Arup Associates, New Uses for Old Buildings Conference, Manchester, 1983.
Palladio in England: a new Rotonda, Gritti Lectures, Venice, 1987.
Vision of Britain Exhibition, Victoria & Albert Museum, London, 1990.
Formula Function and Fantasy, Building America Conference, Alexandria, Virginia, USA, 1992.
Vision of Europe Exhibition, Bologna, 1994.
Julian Bicknell & Associates, Exhibition at The Prince of Wales Institute of Architecture 1996.
Publications
The Design for Need Papers; Pergamon, Oxford, 1978 (joint Editor with Liz McQuiston)
Rehabilitation and Conversion; Newnes-Butterworth, London, 1980 (Contributor)
Building Classical; Academy Editions, London, 1993 (Contributor)
Hiroshige in Tokyo; Pomegranate, San Francisco, 1994
Great Buildings of the World; Potter, New York, 1995 (with Steve Chapman)
Julian Bicknell – Designs and Buildings 1980–2000; published by Julian Bicknell & Associates, London, 2000
References
External links
Julian Bicknell's web site
1945 births
Living people
People from Cambridge
Architects from Cambridgeshire
People educated at Winchester College
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Institute of British Architects
21st-century English architects
New Classical architects
Masters of the Art Worker's Guild
Andrew William Wolstenholme (born 5 March 1959) is an English civil engineer, and group technical director of Laing O'Rourke.
From 2011 to 2018, he was the chief executive of Crossrail.
Early life
Andrew Wolstenholme was born in London, the son of an architect mother. He went to Sussex House School and then Malvern College. He graduated from the University of Southampton in 1981 with a first class degree in civil engineering.
Career
Army
After university, Wolstenholme served with the British Army for three years as a commissioned officer with the Queen's Royal Irish Hussars.
Arup
Wolstenholme joined Arup Group in 1987 as a bridge designer.
BAA
Wolstenholme joined BAA in 1997 as construction director of the Heathrow Express Rail Link. He became programme director of the £4.3bn Heathrow Terminal 5 (T5) in 2002. Construction of T5, designed and engineered by Arup, began in July 2002.
While at BAA, Wolstenholme chaired a Constructing Excellence group which produced a report, Never Waste a Good Crisis, published in November 2009.
Crossrail
Wolstenholme became chief executive of Crossrail, Europe's largest civil engineering project, in August 2011, succeeding Rob Holden. He stepped down from this role in March 2018, to be replaced by Crossrail programme director Simon Wright in a combined role.
Wolstenholme received a salary of £476,772 while working in this capacity, a performance related pay award of £160,000 and severance pay of £97,734.
BAE Systems
In May 2018, Wolstenholme joined BAE Systems as group managing director, maritime and land UK. In May 2019 it was announced that Wolstensholme would be stepping down from BAE Systems for personal reasons.
Laing O'Rourke
In April 2021, Wolstenholme was appointed as group technical director of contractor Laing O'Rourke, having previously been an advisor to the company.
Honours
Wolstenholme was appointed an OBE in the 2009 Birthday Honours and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering in 2013.
He became a Vice President of the Institution of Civil Engineers in November 2016, with a view to becoming the 155th President in 2019, but stood down in April 2018 citing new work commitments.
References
External links
Wolstenholme on Bloomberg's index
Wolstenholme's biography from the Construction Leadership Council
1959 births
Alumni of the University of Southampton
British bridge engineers
Crossrail
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Heathrow Airport Holdings
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Ove Arup
People educated at Malvern College
Royal Engineers officers
Engineers from London
Living people
People from London
People educated at Sussex House School
The S8 is a regional railway line of the S-Bahn Zürich on the Zürcher Verkehrsverbund (ZVV), Zürich transportation network, and is one of the network's lines connecting the cantons of Thurgau, Zürich and Schwyz.
Route
The line runs from Weinfelden and heads for the Zürcher Weinland, then it turns around at Zürich Hauptbahnhof and continues on the left shore of Lake Zurich to Pfäffikon (SZ).
The line's overnight service (SN8), operating on weekends after midnight, runs between Zürich HB and Lachen (SZ).
Stations
Weinfelden (TG)
Märstetten
Müllheim-Wigoltingen
Hüttlingen-Mettendorf
Felben-Wellhausen
Frauenfeld
Islikon
Rickenbach-Attikon
Wiesendangen (ZH)
Oberwinterthur
Winterthur HB
Effretikon
Dietlikon
Wallisellen
Zurich Oerlikon
Zurich Wipkingen
Zurich HB
Zurich Wiedikon
Zurich Enge
Zurich Wollishofen
Kilchberg
Rüschlikon
Thalwil
Oberrieden
Horgen
Au ZH
Wädenswil
Richterswil
Bäch
Freienbach SBB
Pfäffikon (SZ)
Rolling stock
Most services are operated with RABe 514 class trains. In the early morning and late evening, Re 450 push-pull sets are also used.
Scheduling
The train frequency on the S8 is usually one train every 30 minutes and the trip takes 113 minutes.
See also
Rail transport in Switzerland
Trams in Zürich
References
ZVV official website: Routes & zones
Zürich S-Bahn lines
Canton of Schwyz
Transport in Thurgau
Transport in the canton of Zürich
Margaret Scott-Wright (1923 – 11 March 2008) was a Professor of Nursing at the University of Edinburgh, and later head of nursing schools in Canada. Her research related to public health and nursing education. In 1971, she became the first professor in Nursing Studies in the United Kingdom.
Early life and education
Margaret Scott-Wright was from Norwich. She earned a degree in history at the University of Edinburgh in 1946. She also earned certification as a nurse and as a midwife at the St George's Hospital School of Nursing in London. In 1961, she completed doctoral work on public health at the University of Edinburgh. Her research considered the factors of success or failure in Scottish student nurses.
Career
After training, Scott-Wright stayed at St George's Hospital as deputy matron, then worked as director of nursing at Middlesex Hospital. When Elsie Stephenson died in 1967, Scott-Wright succeeded her as director of the nursing studies program at Edinburgh, and in 1971 became the first chair of a nursing studies department in the United Kingdom. She was a member of the Briggs Committee on nursing education, and served a term as vice president of the International Council of Nurses (ICN).
Scott-Wright moved to Canada in 1976, where she served as director of the School of Nursing at Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia for three years, and as dean of the Faculty of Nursing at the University of Calgary from 1979 until her retirement in 1985, with one final stint as acting dean to cover a vacancy in 1989. Scott-Wright and others built a foundation for Canada's first doctoral program in nursing at Calgary.
Personal life and legacy
Margaret Scott-Wright retired to Norwich, and died in 2008, aged 84 years. The Canadian Association of Schools of Nursing held an annual Margaret Scott Wright Research Day, to highlight student and faculty research in the field, until 2019, when it was renamed the Dr. Shirley Stinson Research Conference, after one of Scott-Wright's colleagues. The University of Calgary offered an annual Margaret Scott Wright Scholarship for nursing student.
References
External links
Margaret Scott-Wright, Nursing and Universities (1973).
Scottish nurses
1923 births
2008 deaths
University of Calgary faculty
Dalhousie University faculty
The 46th edition of the Vuelta a Colombia was held from April 21 to May 5, 1996. There were a total number of 106 competitors, including a Spanish rider, (Laudelino Cubino) and an Ecuadorian rider (Héctor Chiles). 77 cyclists finished the stage race.
Stages
1996-04-21: Bogotá — Colmena (5.1 km)
1996-04-22: Chía — Duitama (183.1 km)
1996-04-23: Duitama — Socorro (221.3 km)
1996-04-24: Socorro — Bucaramanga (120 km)
1996-04-25: Bucaramanga — Barrancabermeja (168 km)
1996-04-26: Barrancabermeja — Puerto Boyacá (202 km)
1996-04-27: La Dorada — Villamaría (171.2 km)
1996-04-28: Villamaría — Alto de Santa Helena (221.2 km)
1996-04-29: Medellín — Palestina (223.3 km)
1996-04-30: Chinchiná — Palmira (219 km)
1996-05-01: Cali — Cali (17 km)
1996-05-02: Buga — Córdoba (191.1 km)
1996-05-03: Calarcá — Cajamarca (155 km)
1996-05-04: Ibagué — Bogotá (208 km)
1996-05-05: Bogotá — Bogotá (26 km)
Final classification
Teams
Pony Malta-Kelme A
Gobernación de Antioquia-Pilsen
Gaseosas Glacial-Selle Italia
Manzana Postobón A
Pony Malta de Bavaria–Avianca A
Todos por Boyacá
Diario Deportivo–Centro Botánico El Polén
Estrellas–Aguardiente Néctar ELC
Municipal de Itagüí
Pony Malta-Kelme B
Lotería de Medellín-Aguardiente Antioqueño
Agua Natural Glacial
Manzana Postobón B
Pony Malta de Bavaria–Avianca B
Cicloases
See also
1996 Clásico RCN
References
pedalesybielas (Archived 2009-10-22)
Vuelta a Colombia
Colombia
Vuelta Colombia
Pseudagrostistachys is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1912. It is native to tropical Africa.
Species
Pseudagrostistachys africana (Müll.Arg.) Pax & K.Hoffm. - Chana, Nigeria, Congo-Brazzaville, Equatorial Guinea, Zaire, São Tomé and Príncipe
Pseudagrostistachys ugandensis (Hutch.) Pax & K.Hoffm. - Uganda, Tanzania, Zaire, Zambia
References
Agrostistachydeae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Flora of Africa
Šarani () is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 241 people.
The name Savinac () is often identified with the village of Šarani. Savinac is a wider land area on the left bank of the Dičina River.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Theertham () is a 1987 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mohan and produced by G. Jayakumar and G.P. Vijayakumar. The film stars Nedumudi Venu, Pallavi Joshi, Innocent and Thilakan in the lead roles. The film has musical score by Bombay Ravi.
Cast
Nedumudi Venu as Vishnu Namboothiri
Pallavi Joshi as Sreedevi
Innocent as Josutty
Thilakan as Chellappannan
Venu Nagavally as Radhakrishnan
Balachandran Chullikkad as Shivan
Murali as Michael
Babu Namboothiri as Mashu
Balan Kattoor as Kuttappan
Bindu as Rema
Jagannathan as Mammadali
KPAC Sunny as Doctor
Shari as Mercy
Surasu as Sreedevi's father
T. P. Madhavan as Sudhakaran
Valsala Menon as Bank Manager
Kollam Thulasi as Man at Bar
Vettukkili Prakash as Kunjan Namboothiri
Padmakumar as Cook Nair
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Bombay Ravi and the lyrics were written by Kavalam Narayana Panicker and Balachandran Chullikkad. The song "Bas More Nainan" marks the first Malayalam song and the first South Indian song that Bollywood playback singer Alka Yagnik has ever sung.
References
External links
1987 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films shot in Ottapalam
Films shot at Varikkasseri Mana
Happy Joe is a Finnish brand of cider produced by Hartwall since September 2012.
Since the beginning, there have been three different flavours of Happy Joe cider, including Cloudy Apple, Dry Apple and Oakwood Apple. The cider has an alcohol content of 4.7 percent. The Cloudy Apple flavour is packaged in glass bottles, the other two in aluminium cans.
In 2016 Happy Joe was ranked Finland's third most popular brand of cider in the annual brand survey by Markkinointi & Mainonta and Taloustutkimus. Ahead of it were Crowmoor by Sinebrychoff and Somersby, behind it was Golden Cap by Sinebrychoff at the fourth place.
In spring 2016 the Happy Joe product line was expanded with two products, premium perry cider Crispy Pear (4.7%) and fully non-alcoholic apple cider Happy Joe Dry 0.0% Alcohol Free. Crispy Pear is packaged in both glass bottles and cans, Alcohol Free only in glass bottles.
In 2019 Rosé Apple (4.5%) was added to the Happy Joe product line.
In summer 2018 Hartwall brought a special batch of the Cloudy Apple cider called Gay Joe into the market in honour of Helsinki Pride, with another batch in 2019.
References
Finnish alcoholic drinks
Brands of cider
Nash Lee is a hamlet in the parish of Ellesborough, in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located to the north of the village, about two miles west of Wendover.
The hamlet name is Anglo Saxon in origin, and means 'clearing among the ash trees'. It was referred to in 12th century manorial records as Escelee.
Today little remains of Nash Lee apart from a farm and some houses. The feel of the hamlet was altered greatly in the construction of the nearby Wendover Bypass and the rerouting of adjacent roads to accommodate the new construction. All that marks Nash Lee today is the road name Nash Lee Lane.
References
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
White, Smith & Company was a music publishing firm in Boston, Massachusetts. It issued sheet music and published industry journals, notably the monthly Folio.
History
The business began in 1867 as a partnership between Charles A. White, William F. Smith, and J. Frank Perry when it was known as White, Smith, & Perry. White was a composer, the author of over a thousand songs. He was among the earliest songwriters to establish a successful music publishing company. Many of his songs became popular; his first hit was "Put Me in My Little Bed" (1870). The firm owed a portion of its success to sales of White's compositions, but other sheet music published by them was also successful: "Shoo Fly, Don't Bother Me", published in 1869, sold nearly 200,000 copies. In the early 1870s, the firm also published the earliest works of James A. Bland, who would become one of the most popular songwriters of the late 19th century.
Perry left in 1874 to establish his own publishing company, after which White and Smith's firm became known as White, Smith, & Co. The company continued to prosper, in 1882 publishing White's most successful composition, "Marguerite", which would sell over a million copies through the following two decades. By 1890, White, Smith had expanded to nine branch offices and become one of the largest music publishing firms in the country.
When Smith died in June 1891, White bought his interest in the company and made his son, Daniel L. White, his partner. Charles White died in 1897 at which time the company was incorporated under the name of White-Smith Music Publishing Company with Daniel White as president. The founder's grandson, also named Charles A. White, became the company president in August 1919 on the death of Daniel White, his father. According to historian H. E. Johnson, in 1944 the firm "sold its catalogue to Edwin H. Morris & Co. of New York ... but continued in the business of music printing as White, Smith Printing Co. at 40 Winchester Street until 1973."
Journals
The company's journal, The Folio, was first published in September 1869 at an annual subscription price of $1. Dexter Smith was hired to be the first editor; Smith was a Boston poet, lyricist, and critic who also published his own magazine from 1872 to 1877. In addition to poetry, fiction, and news items related to the music industry, each issue of Folio included 16 pages of sheet music. Its chief objective was the promotion of its publisher, and its last issue was printed in October 1895.
White, Smith also published a journal devoted entirely to organ music, The Organist's Quarterly Journal and Review.
See also
White-Smith Music Publishing Company v. Apollo Company, 1908
Notes
References
External links
"White, Smith & Company" entry at International Music Score Library Project
Read The Folio:
Volumes 8–11 (1873–1874)
Volume 20 (1881)
Volume 42 (1895) at Hathi Trust
View sheet music:
"Put me in my little bed" by Charles A. White at the Library of Congress
"Da, da Gussie dear" by Charles H. Yale at the Library of Congress
"Kentucky babe" at the New York Public Library
"Shew Fly! Don't bother me" at the Library of Congress
1874 establishments in Massachusetts
19th century in Boston
20th century in Boston
Music publishing companies of the United States
Companies based in Boston
Defunct mass media in Boston
1973 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Defunct companies based in Massachusetts
João Batista is Portuguese for John the Baptist. It may refer to:
João Batista de Andrade (born 1939), Brazilian film director and screenwriter
João Batista Queiroz ( 1950–1980s), Brazilian comics artist and illustrator
João Batista da Silva (athlete) (born 1963), Brazilian sprinter
João Batista (footballer, born 1961), Brazilian football defender
João Batista (footballer, born 1966), Brazilian football midfielder
João Batista (footballer, born 1975), Turkish-Brazilian football midfielder
See also
São João Batista (disambiguation)
Juan Bautista (disambiguation)
Jean-Baptiste
United Nations Security Council Resolution 77, adopted on 11 October 1949, having received and examined the second progress report of the Commission for Conventional Armaments, the Council directed the Secretary-General to transmit the report, along with its annexes, accompanying resolution and a record of the Council's consideration of the subject to the General Assembly for its information.
The resolution was adopted with nine votes in favour and two abstentions from the Ukrainian SSR and Soviet Union.
See also
United Nations Security Council Resolution 18
United Nations Security Council Resolution 78
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1 to 100 (1946–1953)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0077
Arms control
October 1949 events
Imad Feghaly () is a Lebanese actor and voice actor.
Filmography
Film
Bil Kanoun. 2014
Al Mashhad Al Akhir. 2005
Television
Khtarab El Hay - Fadi. 2014
Game of the Death. 2013
The Victors 2. 2012
Stability and Plant. 2009
Sarah. 2009
Dubbing roles
1001 Nights
The Amazing World of Gumball - Rocky Robinson (second voice), Mr. Steve Small (third voice)
Baby Looney Tunes - Baby Daffy (Lebanese dub)
Batman: The Animated Series (Lebanese dub)
Camp Lazlo - Lazlo
Codename: Kids Next Door (Lebanese dubbing)
Dexter's Laboratory - Valhallen (Image Production House version)
Digimon Fusion - Mikey Kudo
Firebreather
Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends - Bloo
Kim Possible - Erik
Mokhtarnameh - Mondher
Prophet Joseph
Puppy in My Pocket: Adventures in Pocketville
Rated A for Awesome - Lester Awesome
Rekkit Rabbit - Yoshimi
Tom and Jerry Tales - Tom Cat
Uncle Grandpa
Wabbit - Cal
Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Jaden Yuki
References
External links
Lebanese male actors
Lebanese male voice actors
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Francis John Doyle (born in 1897 in Noorat) was an Australian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Alotau-Sideia. He was appointed bishop in 1966. Doyle retired in 1970 and died in 1973 in Port Moresby.
References
1897 births
1973 deaths
Australian Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Alotau-Sideia
"Bonnie & Clyde" is a song by Swiss rapper Loredana and Kosovo-Albanian rapper Mozzik. The song was written by Loredana and Mozzik along with German producers Macloud and Miksu, who also handled the production. It was independently released as a single for digital download and streaming on 14 September 2018. An Albanian and German-language uptempo hip hop and R&B song, it contains Balkan elements. Inspired by Bonnie and Clyde, the song is lyrically about both rappers confessing that they only are after the money. The accompanying music video was uploaded to YouTube in September 2018. Music critics generally received "Bonnie & Clyde" with favorable reviews, complimenting the music and lyrics as well as the rappers' collaboration. The song was a commercial success, reaching number two in both Austria and Switzerland, as well as number three in Germany. It has been also awarded gold certifications by the Austrian International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI Austria) and German Bundesverband Musikindustrie (BVMI).
Background and composition
Prior to the release of "Bonnie & Clyde", Loredana signed a contract with the German subsidiary of Sony Music in September 2018 and announced the release of an upcoming single. Then, "Bonnie & Clyde" was made available for digital download and streaming on 14 September 2018. The single, with its title alluding to the American criminal couple Bonnie and Clyde, marked the first collaboration between the couple Loredana and Mozzik. The song was written by Loredana, Mozzik, Macloud (Laurin Auth) and Miksu (Joshua Allery), with the production handled by the latter two. Musically, "Bonnie & Clyde" is an uptempo hip hop and R&B-described song, which incorporates Balkan elements. Performed in German with some lyrics by Mozzik in Albanian, both rappers lyrically confess that they only are after the money.
Reception and promotion
"Bonnie & Clyde" received mainly positive reviews upon its release. Martin Seebacher from Red Bull complimented the song's Balkan and uptempo sounds, stating that it is a "perfect" symbiosis of "classic and hip hop". Mira Weingart from the same website praised Mozzik's Albanian-language lyrics, labelling them as "smooth", and wrote that "even if you do not understand it, you want to bounce and party to it". Yma Nowak from Hiphop De found Loredana's rhyming techniques to be "catchy", while the staff of laut.de further described them as "simple". "Bonnie & Clyde" reached number two in both Austria and Switzerland, having since received a gold certification in the former country from the Austrian International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI Austria). In Germany, the single experienced similar success, peaking at number three on the Official German Charts, and received a gold certification there from the German Bundesverband Musikindustrie (BVMI). Loredana uploaded the music video for "Bonnie & Clyde" to her YouTube channel on 14 September 2018. Produced by Bilal Hadzic and Mohamed Elbouhlali, the video received 11 million YouTube views in less than a week.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Spotify.
Loredanasongwriting, vocals
Mozzik (Gramoz Aliu)songwriting, vocals
Macloud (Laurin Auth)songwriting, producing
Miksu (Joshua Allery)songwriting, producing
Track listing
Digital download and streaming
"Bonnie & Clyde"2:55
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Hip hop songs
Loredana Zefi songs
Mozzik songs
Rhythm and blues songs
Albanian-language songs
German-language songs
Song recordings produced by Macloud
Song recordings produced by Miksu
Songs written by Loredana Zefi
The China Interbank Bond Market (CIBM) (Chinese: 银行间债券市场) is the largest domestic bond market in China and, as of 2022, is the second-largest in the world, only trailing the United States bond market. The CIBM has over US$21.5 trillion in outstanding volume as of the end of 2022. The CIBM was formed in 1997 after the People's Bank of China (PBOC) mandated commercial banks to move their bond trading out of the stock exchanges and into an interbank market operating through an electronic trading system.
The CIBM has grown rapidly since its inception. Average daily turnover has increased by over 400% in the past 12 years. In 2016 for the first time, medium and long-term qualified foreign institutional investors recognized by People's Bank of China were allowed to invest in the CIBM without quota limits. And in March 2022, overseas institutional investors made up 2.9 percent of the outstanding volume of bonds under custody in CIBM.
Market infrastructure and major participants
The CIBM is an over-the-counter market between institutional investors. The trading system was developed by the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (CFETS). CFETS provides trade processing, training, and benchmark services for the CIBM, monitoring transactions, and providing support for monetary policy transmission of the People's Bank of China. The Shanghai Clearing House and China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd. provide market participants with bond ownership, transaction information, and clearing and settlement services. With the authorization of the People's Bank of China, the Interbank Center and China Central Depository & Clearing Corporation may disclose market-related information.
International Market Access Channels and Bond Connect
As early as 2010, the People's Bank of China started a pilot program for select overseas participants to invest in the CIBM. By 2013 this expanded to qualified foreign institutional investors with set quotas. By 2016 they could invest without set quotas.
In 2017, Bond Connect was launched, providing greater convenience for overseas investors as well as increase the scope of investable products. Bond Connect provided overseas investors real-time delivery versus payment as well as access via mainstream international e-trading platforms. With the addition of Bond Connect, bonds in the CIBM were included in Bloomberg Global Aggregate Indices, which took effect in April 2019. This allowed for Exchange traded funds like KraneShares Bloomberg China Bond Inclusion ETF.
References
International finance
Bond market
Moûtiers-Salins-Brides-les-Bains is a railway station in the Savoie department of Southeastern France. The station, which is located in the town of Moûtiers, is served by three major high-speed services: the TGV, Eurostar and Thalys.
It is the principal gateway point for the Les Trois Vallées ski resorts if travelling by train. Passengers alight at this station and catch the frequent bus services to the various Les Trois Vallées resorts.
Juxtaposed controls are in operation in the station for Eurostar passengers travelling to the UK. They clear exit checks from the Schengen Area (carried out by Customs officers) as well as UK entry checks (conducted by the UK Border Force) in the station before boarding their train.
Services
High speed services (TGV) Paris - Chambéry - Albertville - Bourg-Saint-Maurice
Local services (TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) (Lyon -) Chambéry - St-Pierre-d'Albigny - Albertville - Bourg-Saint-Maurice
These services operate during the winter ski season:
High speed services (Eurostar) London - Bourg-Saint-Maurice
High speed services (Thalys) Amsterdam - Brussels - Chambéry - Bourg-Saint-Maurice
See also
List of border crossing points in France
France–UK border
References
Railway stations in Savoie
Railway stations in France opened in 1893
French railway stations with juxtaposed controls
The Road Safety Authority (RSA; ) is a state agency formed by the Irish Government to promote road safety within the Republic of Ireland. The agency has devolved control of much of the work of the Department of Transport.
History and Governance
It was established in September 2006, charged with the task of improving safety on the Republic of Ireland's roads and established under the Road Safety Authority Act 2006, in response to the high number of deaths on Irish roads.
The organisation's headquarters are located at Primrose Hill, Ballina, Co. Mayo. The current chairperson of the RSA is former TD Liz O'Donnell who succeeded veteran TV and radio celebrity, former host of the Late Late Show Gay Byrne. Mr. Byrne secured a second 5-year term in 2011. However, on 16 June 2014, he announced his intention to step down as chairman on 5 August 2014.
Some controversy was caused when Byrne was shown travelling in a car with Terry Wogan when Byrne appeared not to be wearing his seatbelt. Byrne has also admitted to drink driving in the past, "but said it was part of the Irish culture at the time".
The RSA was mentioned in relation to public agencies continuing to operate outside of the remit of the Office of the Ombudsman and Information Commissioner, in a speech delivered by Emily O'Reilly in 2010.
In 2013, the CEO of the RSA, Noel Brett stepped down from his position as chief executive of the State-funded Road Safety Authority (RSA) to take up a position as chief lobbyist for the Irish Banking Federation:
"His appointment will come as a surprise given his lack of experience in the financial services sector, especially when the main banks in Ireland are striving to return to profitability and are under significant pressure to deal with the issue of mortgage arrears."
Functions
Amongst the functions of the RSA are the promotion of road safety, research on accidents and road safety, driver testing and licensing, as well as establishing vehicle-related and other safe driving standards.
The RSA and the Garda Síochána enforce the licensing provisions of the Road Transport Acts: "As well as a fine, if you are an unlicensed haulier you can expect the RSA to look closely at your compliance with other laws, such as those covering: Drivers' hours rules, Road traffic requirements, Roadworthiness of your vehicles and trailers."
The RSA is also responsible for monitoring progress of The National Road Safety Strategy (2007–2012) which aims to reduce collisions, deaths and injuries on Irish roads by 30%. Achieving this would bring Ireland in line with countries that are considered to have the safest roads in the world – such as Holland, Sweden and the UK.
Under the banner of NDLS (National Driver Licence Service) the RSA is now responsible for the issuing of driving licences in Ireland.
Initiatives
The RSA's "He drives, she dies" campaign, which aimed to raise awareness among female drivers of the risks of getting into cars with men they feel may not drive safely, came in for some criticism in the Irish media. The country's Broadcasting Complaints Commission also received a number of complaints from members of the public relating to the campaign. RSA Chief Executive Noel Brett defended the campaign as justified by accident statistics, saying that "women need to know that they are being killed through male-dominated driver errors such as speeding and drink driving," adding "male drivers are four times more likely to be involved in a fatal collision than a female driver".
The authority subsequently announced it was considering a number of practical options to further its aim to cut death rates among the country's young male drivers, including the possibility of a late-night driving curfew for all male drivers under the age of 25.
Other recent initiatives include the recommendation of a number of changes to Ireland's National Car Test, which is supervised by the RSA, requiring vehicles older than ten years to be tested every year as opposed to biennially, while stricter controls will be introduced on non-functioning fault warning lights, overly noisy exhausts, and tinted windows and windscreens.
In 2008 the Road Safety Authority received information from vehicle checking agency Cartell about the issue of written off cars from the UK being imported, repaired and registered for use in Ireland. The subsequent Irish Times article provoked an investigation by the Garda Siochána, Vehicle Registration Unit, Road Safety Authority and Revenue Commissioners. This resulted in a change to legislation so that from September 2010 all imported vehicles must be taken to a National Car Test Centre for inspection before being registered in Ireland.
In October 2009, it was announced that the RSA had struck an agreement under which the disqualification of drivers in Ireland and in the UK will be mutually recognised. The accord, which is the first such deal between two EU member states, will come into effect in February 2010.
In 2011 RTÉ revealed that individuals in some of the National Car Testing Service centres could issue an NCT car safety certificate on payment of €100 for cars with serious safety defects. The tests are subcontracted to and conducted by Applus.
In June 2011 Ireland's improvement in reducing road safety fatalities enabled it to be ranked in sixth place for road safety in the EU. The RSA stated: "The number of Irish road deaths fell to 212 in 2010, the lowest level on record, down 26 from 2009. The Government's road safety target of achieving no more than 252 deaths per annum by the end of 2012 was achieved three years ahead of schedule."
On 5 October 2011, the RSA announced a joint venture with the Irish Tyre Industry Association with the intention of promoting a "tyre safety" week. Two days later the RSA issued a fresh announcement distancing itself from the practical demonstration of vehicle stopping distances it had earlier endorsed after it was alleged that one of the test vehicles used in the tyre safety demonstration had had its ABS braking system disabled.
In 2012, the RSA, having been consulted to offer an opinion on a TV advertisement for Meteor (a mobile telephone service provider), concluded that "they were of the view that the advertisement promoted highly dangerous road user behaviour".
The advertisement included a comedic segment showing a cyclist following a bus to receive free wifi.
Whilst the cyclist depicted in the Meteor ad was wearing a helmet, he was using a mobile phone whilst riding a bicycle.
RSA Reports
RSA 2010 Annual report
RSA's commitments under the Croke Park Agreement
The Road Safety Authority's Customer Charter updated: http://www.rsa.ie/Documents/About%20Us/Customer_Charter_RSA_WEB.pdf
References
External links
Road Safety Authority
Road safety
Government agencies of the Republic of Ireland
Road transport in the Republic of Ireland
Road safety in the Republic of Ireland
Department of Transport (Ireland)
Thornwood is an unincorporated community in Skagit County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
History
A post office called Thornwood was established in 1900, and remained in operation until 1912. The community derives its name from W. J. Thorne, an early resident.
References
Unincorporated communities in Skagit County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
Lorenzo Maria Dickmann (born 24 September 1996) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie B club SPAL. He is right-footed and plays as a right-back.
Club career
On 2 September 2019, he joined Chievo on a season-long loan.
Honours
Club
Novara
Lega Pro: 2014–15
Supercoppa di Lega Pro: 2015
References
External links
1996 births
Footballers from Milan
Living people
Italian footballers
Italian people of German descent
Italy youth international footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
Novara F.C. players
S.P.A.L. players
A.C. ChievoVerona players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
State highways in Texas are owned and maintained by the U.S. state of Texas, through the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT). The total length of the 246 currently in-service highways with unique assigned numbers is .
List
|-
See also
References
External links
Texas Department of Transportation
Texas Highway Man
State
State
Wissam Eid () was a senior intelligence official within the Internal Security Forces of Lebanon. He was in charge of the technical aspect of the investigations into the attacks that occurred since 2004, and had provided important information to the international investigation into the assassination of the former prime minister Rafic Hariri.
Biography
Eid was born 2 October 1976 in Deir Ammar, near Tripoli. Son of an officer of the Lebanese ISF, he studied in Tripoli, then he obtained an engineering diploma in computer information systems from the University of Balamand in 1999.
On 25 January 2008 at 10 a.m., despite his armoured vehicle, a car bomb attack containing an explosive charge of at least 50 kg of explosives killed him, along with his bodyguard and two civilians, and injured dozens of people. The attack occurred in the suburb of Hazmiyeh.
See also
Rafic Hariri
List of attacks in Lebanon
References
External links
Captain Wissam Eid Was The Genius Who Crunched The Data
Hariri Tribunal Finds Hezbollah Operatives Guilty, Excuses Lebanese Terrorist Organization Itself. Foreign Policy Magazine; Oz Katerji, August 19, 2020.
Everything You Need To Know About The Exposed Cell Networks Behind Hariri's Assassination
1976 births
2008 deaths
University of Balamand alumni
People from North Governorate
Deaths by car bomb in Lebanon
People murdered in Lebanon
Terrorism deaths in Lebanon
Lebanese terrorism victims
Aaron Miller may refer to:
Aaron Miller (ice hockey) (born 1971), ice hockey player
Aaron E. Miller, American neurologist
Aaron David Miller (born 1949), American Middle East analyst and author
Aaron Miller (politician) (born 1987), member of the Michigan House of Representatives
Aaron Miller (baseball), pitcher
Ee Nagaraniki Emaindi ( What happened to this city?) is a 2018 Indian Telugu-language buddy comedy drama film written and directed by Tharun Bhascker, and produced by D. Suresh Babu under Suresh Productions. The film stars Vishwak Sen, Sai Sushanth Reddy, Abhinav Gomatam, Venkatesh Kakumanu, Anisha Ambrose, Simran Choudhary, and Galusheya Daria. The music was composed by Vivek Sagar with cinematography by Niketh Bommireddy and editing by Ravi Teja Girijala. The film released on 29 June 2018. It received positive reviews for its humour, performances, writing and dialogues.
Plot
Vivek, Karthik, Kaushik, and Uppi are childhood friends who dream of a career in filmmaking during their college days. But they eventually give up their plans and settle in other jobs. Vivek resigns his job and lives in isolation, still unable to get over his breakup with Shilpa; Karthik works as a manager in a club and plans on marrying his boss's daughter and settling in the US; Kaushik works as a dubbing artist and wants to become an actor; and Uppi works as a wedding editor. Karthik arranges a bachelor's party for four of them, where they run into Shirley, who joins them to conduct a casual promotional contest in which they narrate her their old friendship, their first short film work and Vivek's love story. Shirley invites them to an event in Goa and leaves.
After a mishap at the party, they all end up in Goa. There they run into Shirley and her friend Dasha, who offer them a place to stay. Karthik loses the engagement ring given by his boss and needs ₹5 lakhs to buy a similar one. So they decide to participate in the Goa short film festival for the prize money. Vivek does not agree to make a romantic comedy film due to his past love failure with Shilpa, but he later agrees as they do not have an alternative. Karthik handles the cinematography, Uppi edits the film, and Kaushik and Dasha act in it. Unfortunately, Vivek could not get out of his past and gives a sad ending to the film. He later gives up on the project as he fears the negative feedback. At this time, when Vivek drank and slept, the remaining three wanted to change the sad ending, but they were caught by patrolling police and end up in a police station.
The next day while editing the film, Vivek wakes up, gets angry at them for changing his ending and yells at Karthik, who is in an online engagement. He reveals that they actually came to Goa because the drunken Karthik requested him. Karthik realizes that he is losing everything else for the social status, calls off his marriage and reconciles his friendship with Vivek. Kaushik gets the confidence to act in films, and Uppi becomes an editor. Vivek finally gets over his breakup, reflects his feelings on Shirley and becomes a cool person without anger issues. After working on a few short films, they start their first feature film, Pelli Choopulu.
Cast
Vishwak Sen as Vivek
Sai Sushanth Reddy as Karthik
Abhinav Gomatam as Kaushik
Venkatesh Kakumanu as Upender/Uppi
Anisha Ambrose as Shirley
Simran Choudhary as Shilpa
Galusheya Daria as Dasha, Shirley's friend
Arjun as Satvik, Kaushik's nephew
Viren Thambidorai as Karthik's boss
Geetha Bhaskar as Vivek's mother
Mounima as Kaushik's sister
Tharun Bhascker as Jury at Goa short film festival
Vijay Deverakonda as himself in a cameo appearance
Gautham Vasudev Menon as himself in a cameo appearance
Soundtrack
This film has five songs composed by Vivek Sagar and was released By Aditya Music.
Release
Ee Nagaraniki Emaindi was released worldwide on 28 June 2018.
Box office
The film has collected $98,136 from the premiere shows in the USA held on Thursday night. On Day 1 on Friday, the film has collected $81,127.The total US box office collection was $179,263.
Critical reception
The film received positive reviews from critics.The Hindu praised the film and stated "With Ee Nagaraniki Emaindi, Tharun Bhascker Dhaassyam breaks the second-film jinx that hounds many filmmakers who've delivered an impressive first film."
The Times of India gave 3.5/5 rating and commented that: "Make no mistake, Ee Nagaraniki Emaindi belongs to Tharun Bhascker. The filmmaker's flair for comedy once again shines through and his dialogues are terrific."
123 Telugu gave 3.25/5 rating and wrote, "With Ee Nagarainiki Emaindi, Tollywood steps into the buddy comedy genre which has been rarely explored. This movie has no great story but is filled with a lot of fun and precious moments which a group of buddies share in real life."
The Hans India gave 3/5 rating and opined that the film was one of the best youthful entertainers in the recent times. "On the whole, the film is enjoyable entirely and even makes us emotional in parts," reviewer added. Idlebrain.com gave 3/5 rating and wrote, "[It] is a buddy comedy that has good moments and a slow second half!"
References
External links
2018 films
2010s Telugu-language films
Films shot in Telangana
Indian buddy comedy-drama films
2010s buddy comedy films
2018 comedy-drama films
Films directed by Tharun Bhascker
Suresh Productions films
Theory & Society is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering theoretical analyses of social processes and phenomena. It was established by Alvin Gouldner in 1974. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editor-in-chief is Janet Gouldner (University of California, Davis). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2018 impact factor of 1.9. On average, it takes the editorial staff two years before they make a decision whether or not to accept an article.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
References
External links
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Bimonthly journals
English-language journals
Sociology journals
Publications established in 1974
Novokuruchevo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Starokuruchevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 72 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Novokuruchevo is located 25 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Akhmerovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Lover Boy is the sixth studio album by the American recording artist Ariel Pink, under the artist's "Haunted Graffiti" musical project. It is the sixth release in the eponymous series of works.
The album was originally released in 2002 through Ballbearings Pinatas and CD Baby as part of a double-CD set with his previous release, House Arrest. In March 2006, the album was reissued as a single album on CD-R. The reissue includes a slightly different set of tracks from the original album, cutting "credit" and "one on one" from the line-up and adding the live song, "You Are My Angel".
Track listing
"Don't Talk To Strangers"
"Didn't It Click?"
"She's My Girl"
"Poultry Head"
"Older Than Her Years"
"So Glad"
"Want Me"
"Loverboy" with John Maus
"Jonathan's Halo"
"Hobbies Galore" by R. Stevie Moore
"I Don't Need Enemies (Holy Shit Single 45)" with Matt Fishbeck
"Let's Get Married Tonite"
"Ghosts" with John Maus
"Phoebus Palast" with coL
"Blue Straws" with Brandt Larson
"The Birds They Sing In You" with coL
"New Trumpets Of Time" with coL
"Doggone (shegone)"
"You Are My Angel (Live)"
Personnel
coL played drums on "Poultry Head", drum programming, guitars, vocals on "New Trumpets Of Time".
On "New Trumpets of Time" Pink only played bass and synthesizers on the track. The song was originally created with coL for his album, but because coL took a long time to compile this album; Pink really thought the track should be heard, and he placed it on his record.
References
2002 albums
Ariel Pink albums
Albums recorded in a home studio
Rawalakot Airport is located at Rawalakot in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. The airport is surrounded by a forest.
History
Pakistan International Airlines previously operated flights between Rawalakot and Islamabad but ended them in October 2005. Rawalakot Airport remains without commercial service as of March 2016.
Airlines and destinations
No airlines serve Rawalakot as of now.
References
Airports in Azad Kashmir
Jules-Louis Breton (1 April 1872 – 2 August 1940) was an inventor and a French politician. He was a representative of the French Assembly, and the proponent of the Breton-Prétot machine, a device developed in France from November 1914, intended to cut a way through barbed wire on the battlefield. It was developed with an engineer named Prétot, but did not progress beyond the experimental stage.
Biography
Breton was born on 1 April 1872 in Courrières, Pas-de-Calais. He was a Socialist with Anarchist tendencies, and as a Natalist, endeavoured to giving more freedom to women.
During World War I he was France's Undersecretary of State for Inventions for National Defense. and later founded and directed the National Research and Invention Ministry.
He was also Minister of Hygiene under President Millerand in 1920.
Breton was the founder and first director of the National Board of Scientific and Industrial Research and Inventions (ORNI: Office national des recherches scientifiques et industrielles et des Inventions), created on 29 December 1922 and dissolved on 24 May 1938, predecessor of the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (CNRS). In this role he founded the Salon des arts ménagers (Household Arts Exhibition), which showcased domestic appliances.
He died on 2 August 1940 in Meudon Bellevue.
References
1872 births
1940 deaths
People from Courrières
Politicians from Hauts-de-France
Republican-Socialist Party politicians
Government ministers of France
Members of the 7th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 8th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 9th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 10th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 11th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 12th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
French Senators of the Third Republic
Senators of Cher (department)
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Palamidi () is a fortress to the east of the Acronauplia in the town of Nafplio in the Peloponnese region of southern Greece. Nestled on the crest of a 216-metre high hill, the fortress was built by the Venetians during their second occupation of the area (1686–1715).
The fortress was a very large and ambitious project, but was finished within a relatively short period from 1711 until 1714. It is a typical baroque fortress based on the plans of Venetian engineer Antonio Giancix (Antun Jančić) and built by French military engineer Pierre de la Salle. In 1715 it was captured by the Ottomans and remained under their control until 1822, when it was captured by the Greeks.
The eight bastions of the fortress were originally named after the Venetian provveditori. However, when it fell to the Ottoman Empire, the bastions were given Turkish names. Lastly, when the Greeks overthrew the Turks the bastions were renamed after ancient Greek leaders and heroes (Epaminondas, Miltiades, Leonidas, Phocion, Achilles, Themistocles. The two remaining bastions were named after St. Andrew (Agios Andreas) and the French Philhellene Robert who died in battle on the Acropolis of Athens. The "Miltiades," was used as a prison and among its walls was also held Theodoros Kolokotronis, hero of the Greek Revolution.
The fortress commands an impressive view over the Argolic Gulf, the city of Náfplio and the surrounding country. There are 913 steps in the winding stair from the town to the fortress. However, to reach the top of the fortress there are over one thousand. Locals in the town of Nafplion will say there are 999 steps to the top of the castle, and specials can be found on menus that incorporate this number to catch a tourist's eye.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Takis MAVROS, Palamidi. A Brief History of the Fortress of Nafplion, Athens, 1990.
External links
Palamidi
Castles in the Peloponnese
Tourist attractions in Peloponnese (region)
Venetian fortifications in Greece
Nafplion
Buildings and structures in Argolis
Articles containing video clips
18th-century architecture in Greece
Natura 2000 in Greece
Accepted Frewen (baptized 26 May 158828 March 1664) was a priest in the Church of England and Archbishop of York from 1660 to 1664.
Life
Frewen was born at Northiam, in Sussex, the son of John Frewen who was the rector there. The unusual forename is an example of the type of puritan name not uncommon in the area in the late sixteenth century; his brother was called Thankful Frewen. He was educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, where he became a Fellow in 1612. Anthony Wood describes him as being at that time "puritanically enclin'd". In 1617 and 1621 the college allowed him to act as chaplain to Sir John Digby, ambassador in Spain. In Madrid he preached a sermon that pleased Prince Charles, afterwards Charles I, who, on his accession, appointed him one of his chaplains.
In 1625 he became canon of Canterbury Cathedral and Vice-President of Magdalen College, and in the following year he was elected president. He was Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University in 1628 and 1629, and again in 1638 and 1639. In 1631 he was appointed (additionally) Dean of Gloucester. It was mainly by his instrumentality that the University plate was sent to the king at York in 1642.
Two years later (in 1644) he was consecrated Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, and resigned his presidency (and deanery). He was deprived of his See by Parliament on 9 October 1646, as episcopacy was abolished for the duration of the Commonwealth and the Protectorate. Parliament declared his estates forfeited for treason in 1652, and Cromwell afterwards set a price on his head. The proclamations, however, designated him Stephen Frewen, and he was consequently able to escape into France. At the Restoration in 1660, he was restored to the See of Lichfield and Coventry, reappeared in public, and later the same year was elected Archbishop of York; he took that see by the confirmation of his election on 4 October 1660. In 1661 he acted as chairman of the Savoy conference.
References
External links
1588 births
1664 deaths
Doctors of Divinity
People from Northiam
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
Bishops of Lichfield
Archbishops of York
17th-century Anglican archbishops
Participants in the Savoy Conference
Fellows of Magdalen College, Oxford
Presidents of Magdalen College, Oxford
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Oxford
17th-century Church of England bishops
Marco Simone Golf and Country Club (also known as Golf Marco Simone) is a golf course in Guidonia, Rome, Italy. It is 10 miles from the city centre of Rome and has 2 golf courses, an 18-hole Championship Course and a 9-hole Resort Course. In 2015 it won the bid to host the 2023 Ryder Cup.
History
The golf club was named after the castle of Marco Simone. The castle was a Roman fortified manor farm. The tower was built approximately in the year 1000 and later in the Middle Ages additional buildings built around it.
In the 1970s Laura Biagiotti, the Italian high fashion designer, and her husband Gianni Cigna both lived in the restored castle. By 1989 the golf course had been designed and built. The architects were Jim Fazio and David Mezzacane. The golf course was the venue of the 1994 and 2021 Italian Open golf championships, which were won by Eduardo Romero and Nicolai Højgaard respectively.
Bidding for the 2022 Ryder Cup
Ryder Cup Europe only received four bids for the 2022 Ryder Cup when the bidding closed on 30 April 2015. On 14 December 2015, Rome announced that it was to host the 2022 Ryder Cup, beating off bids from Germany, Austria and Spain. On 8 July 2020, the PGA Tour announced that the 2020 Ryder Cup was postponed by one year due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This consequently pushed to 2022 Ryder Cup back one year to 2023.
References
External links
Official website
The official website of the 2022 Rome Ryder Cup bid
Golf clubs and courses in Italy
Ryder Cup venues
During the 1997–98 English football season, Nottingham Forest F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary
Nottingham Forest were re-promoted to the Premier League, many thanks to the striking partnership of Pierre van Hooijdonk and Kevin Campbell. In the end, Forest had a four-point margin down to the 3rd positioned-team Sunderland, prompting an immediate return to the top flight.
Final league table
Results
Nottingham Forest's score comes first
Legend
Football League First Division
FA Cup
League Cup
First-team squad
Squad at end of season
Left club permanently during season
Left club on loan during season
References
Nottingham Forest F.C. seasons
Nottingham Forest
Twin Elm Rugby Park is a sports venue in South Nepean, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. With five rugby fields and 12 changing rooms, two lounges, a bar and spectator seating for hundreds of people it can accommodate several concurrent matches and serves as the home of several local clubs. The facility is fully air conditioned with kitchen facilities. The Eastern Ontario Selects play their home games at the venue, and also hosts a number of national and international games.
In addition to rugby, the park is also home to other sports such as soccer, lacrosse, ultimate Frisbee and volleyball.
External links
Twin Elm Rugby Park The official Twin Elm Rugby Park web site
Sports venues in Ottawa
Rugby union stadiums in Ontario
Rugby union in Ontario
Mama Bah-Yéré (born 22 July 1992) is a Beninese international footballer who plays for Lobi Stars, as a defender.
References
1992 births
Living people
Beninese footballers
Benin international footballers
Buffles du Borgou FC players
Lobus Stars F.C. players
Nigeria Professional Football League players
Association football defenders
Beninese expatriate footballers
Beninese expatriate sportspeople in Nigeria
Expatriate footballers in Nigeria
The Tamagawa Line may refer to either of the following railway and tramway lines in Tokyo, Japan:
Tamagawa Line operated by Seibu Railway
Tamagawa Line (tramway) formerly operated by Tokyu Corporation, a surviving branch of which is the Tōkyū Setagaya Line
Tōkyū Tamagawa Line operated by Tokyu Corporation
Fornicia is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are more than 30 described species in Fornicia, found mainly in Asia, Africa, and the Neotropics.
Species
These 34 species belong to the genus Fornicia:
Fornicia achterbergi Yang & Chen, 2006
Fornicia africana Wilkinson, 1930
Fornicia afrorum de Saeger, 1942
Fornicia albalata Ma & Chen, 1994
Fornicia andamanensis Sharma, 1984
Fornicia annulipes Ashmead, 1905
Fornicia arata (Enderlein, 1912)
Fornicia balloui Muesebeck, 1958
Fornicia borneana (Cushman, 1929)
Fornicia brachymetacarpa Luo & You, 2006
Fornicia ceylonica Wilkinson, 1928
Fornicia chalcoscelidis Wilkinson, 1936
Fornicia clathrata Brullé, 1846
Fornicia ghesquierei de Saeger, 1942
Fornicia imbecilla Chen & He, 1994
Fornicia jarmilae Mason, 1981
Fornicia longiantenna Luo & You, 2008
Fornicia macistigma Luo & You, 2006
Fornicia microcephala Granger, 1949
Fornicia minis He & Chen, 1994
Fornicia moronis (Cushman, 1929)
Fornicia muluensis Austin, 1987
Fornicia obscuripennis Fahringer, 1934
Fornicia penang (Cushman, 1929)
Fornicia pilosa Cushman, 1931
Fornicia prominentis Chen & He, 1994
Fornicia rixata Papp, 1980
Fornicia seyrigi Granger, 1949
Fornicia surinamensis Muesebeck, 1958
Fornicia tagalog (Cushman, 1929)
Fornicia tergiversata Papp, 1980
Fornicia thoseae Wilkinson, 1930
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Cromer and District Hospital opened in 1932 in the suburb of Suffield Park in the town of Cromer within the English county of Norfolk. The hospital is run by the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust and provides an important range of acute consultant and nurse-led services to the residents of the district of North Norfolk.
History
Early history
The hospital has its origins in a medical facility formed from two cottages in Louden Road in 1866. The hospital was rebuilt in Louden Road in 1888 but then moved to a purpose-built facility opened by Lady Suffield at Old Mill Road in 1932. The hospital joined the National Health Service in 1948 and a new out-patients building opened in 1954.
Redevelopment of the site
In 2001 Mrs Sagle Bernstein, a Cromer resident, left £11m to Cromer and District Hospital in recognition of the excellent care that her sister had received as a patient at the hospital. The terms of Mrs Bernstein's will were that it was to be spent on "improvement of general facilities" and could only be spent at Cromer Hospital. Some £500,000 of the legacy was spent on an eight-station renal dialysis unit which opened in June 2006. The dialysis unit was relocated to the refurbished Barclay ward in January 2011.
Following a feasibility study carried out in 2006, a tender competition for the new hospital was undertaken and a planning application for a £26 million scheme was submitted to North Norfolk District Council in November 2008. The trust subsequently scaled back the scheme and a revised planning application for a £15 million scheme was submitted to the District Council in June 2009. After the application was approved in May 2010, construction of the works, which were designed by Purcell Miller Tritton and were undertaken by Mansell, part of Balfour Beatty, started in autumn 2010 and were completed in Autumn 2012.
References
Hospital buildings completed in 1932
Hospital buildings completed in 2011
NHS hospitals in England
Hospitals in Norfolk
University of East Anglia
Cromer
Floriade 1972 was a garden festival held in Amsterdam, Netherlands following its recognition by the Bureau International des Expositions (BIE). The 1972 exposition was the fifth edition of the international horticultural exposition organised under the auspices of the Association of International Horticultural Producers (AIPH) and the second Floriade in the Netherlands. The first Amsterdam Floriade lasted from March 30 to October 1, 1972.
The exposition was held at the newly created Amstelpark and Beatrix Park. The landscaped grounds at Amstelpark covered 700.000m². Beatrix Park, part of the Amsterdam RAI Exhibition and Convention Centre and a portion of the embankment on which later the ring road south and the Amsterdam RAI railway station were built, was part of the Floriade. The sites were connected by a cable car and carts. A narrow gauge railway and Ferris wheel were also built at Amstelpark.
After the closure of the Floriade, much of the amenities that were built for the event remained at Amstelpark. These included the Amstel train (a narrow-gauge railway ), a maze, a rose garden, an orangery, the Glass House, greenhouses, a miniature golf course, the Rhododendron Valley, The Abandoned land, Galerie Papillon Park and a large playground for children.
External links
Official website of the BIE
International horticultural exhibitions
1972 in the Netherlands
Events in Amsterdam
Festivals in the Netherlands
Garden festivals in the Netherlands
1972 festivals
Floriade (Netherlands)
1970s in Amsterdam
Attorney General Williams may refer to:
Allan Williams (politician) (1922–2011), Attorney General of British Columbia
Daniel Williams (governor-general) (born 1935), Attorney-General of Grenada
Daryl Williams (politician) (born 1942), Attorney-General of Australia
Gareth Williams, Baron Williams of Mostyn (1941–2003), Attorney General for England and Wales and Attorney General for Northern Ireland
George Henry Williams (1823–1910), Attorney General of the United States
Thomas H. Williams (California official) (1828–1886), Attorney General of California
See also
General Williams (disambiguation)
The Prior of Perth was the head of Perth Charterhouse, the Carthusian monastic house located near Perth. It was founded in 1429, and finally suppressed in 1602. The following is a list of priors and prior-commendators:
List of priors and prior-commendators
List of priors
Oswald de Corda, 1429-1434
Adam Hangleside, 1434 x 1435-1441
Laurence Hutton, 1442-1443
Patrick Russell, 1443
Michael Virey, 1444-1445
Bryce Montgomery, 1445-1446
Bryce Wych, 1446-1447
Maurice Barry, 1447-1452
Martin de Groether, 1452-1455
James Bayne, 1456-1457
Simon Fairlie, 1457-1465 x 1466
Andrew Telfer, 1466-1471 x 1472
Patrick Russell, 1472-1474 x 1475
John Davidson, 1474 x 1475-1482 x 1486
Richard Gaergen, 1482 x 1486
David Simson, 1482 x 1486-1490 x 1492
Walter Lyall, 1492-1495 x 1498
John Ramsay, 1495 x 1498-1500 x 1501
Alan (probably Alan Dawson), 1500 x 1501-1506 x 1507
William Turnbull, 1507-1515 x 1517
Hugh Moryn, 1515 x 1517-1535
Alexander Inglis, 1535-1542 x 1543
James Gordon, 1543-1543 x 1544
Simon Galloway, 1543 x 1544-1544 x 1546
Andrew Forman, 1544 x 1546-1552 x 1556
Simon Galloway (again), 1550-1554 x
Adam Forman, 1552 x 1556-1567
Adam Stewart, 1567 x 1569-1569
List of commendator-priors
George Balfour, 1569-1588
James Balfour of Cossertoun, 1588-1592 x 1599
George Hay of Nether Liff, 1599-1602
Notes
Bibliography
Cowan, Ian B. & Easson, David E., Medieval Religious Houses: Scotland With an Appendix on the Houses in the Isle of Man, Second edition, (London, 1976), pp. 86-7
Watt, D. E. R. & Shead, N. F. (eds.), The Heads of Religious Houses in Scotland from the 12th to the 16th Centuries, The Scottish Records Society, New Series, Volume 24, (Edinburgh, 2001), pp. 174-7
Carthusians
History of Perth, Scotland
People associated with Perth and Kinross
Religion in Perth and Kinross
Scottish priors
Beth S. Brinkmann (born September 24, 1958) is an American lawyer who served as Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the United States Department of Justice, heading up the appellate staff in the DOJ's Civil Division during the administration of President Barack Obama. She also served as Assistant to the Solicitor General of the United States from 1993 through 2001. Brinkmann has argued 25 cases before the United States Supreme Court both in that role and in her later role as a partner in the Washington, D.C. office of the firm Morrison & Foerster. Currently, Brinkmann is a partner at the Covington & Burling law firm in Washington, D.C.
Early professional career
Brinkmann graduated from Phi Beta Kappa in 1980 with a bachelor's degree from the University of California, Berkeley, and earned her J.D. degree from Yale Law School in 1985. She served as a law clerk to Judge Phyllis A. Kravitch of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. Brinkmann then served as a law clerk to Justice Harry Blackmun of the U.S. Supreme Court from 1986 to 1987. Brinkmann then worked for four years as an associate with the small San Francisco litigation firm of Turner & Brorby, after which she served as an assistant federal public defender from 1991 through 1993 in Washington, D.C.
Work in the Solicitor General's office
Brinkmann became assistant to the U.S. Solicitor General in December 1993. She argued her first case before the Supreme Court on March 23, 1994. Brinkmann was the tenth woman hired as an assistant to the Solicitor General, with five more women hired during her eight years in that office. She is one of 726 women who have argued before the Supreme Court, from the first in 1880 through 2016.
Private practice
After leaving the Solicitor General's office, Brinkmann joined Morrison & Foerster in early 2002. As a partner at Morrison & Foerster and the chair of the firm's Appellate Practice Group, Brinkmann continued to argue cases before the U.S. Supreme Court. "Every time you go up there, it is amazing, and an honor and privilege being there. You also feel very patriotic—at least I do," Brinkmann told the National Journal in 2002. In a November 20, 2007 article in the Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, Brinkmann told the paper that she had argued 22 cases before the Supreme Court in her career. Eighteen of those times were as a staff lawyer in the Solicitor General's office, Brinkmann told ABA Journal in an article that ran in the magazine's March 2005 issue.
Work in the Obama administration
On April 3, 2009, Brinkmann was tapped to join the United States Department of Justice as the Deputy Assistant Attorney General heading up the Appellate staff in the DOJ's Civil Division. After Obama left office, Brinkmann joined the law firm of Covington & Burling.
Possible future federal judicial service
In the March 12, 2008, issue of The New Republic, writer Jeffrey Rosen floated Brinkmann's name as a future federal appeals-court judge or Supreme Court justice, likening her to Chief Justice John Roberts by suggesting her as a possible "Democratic female John Roberts". Rosen also characterized Brinkmann as "moderate, pragmatic and pro-business".
Theater
Playing the role of attorney for Electra, in June 2019 in Washington, D.C. Brinkmann participated in the Shakespeare Theatre Company's Oresteia mock trial, based on the Orestia trilogy by the ancient Greek tragedian Aeschylus.
See also
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States (Seat 2)
Barack Obama Supreme Court candidates
References
External links
United States Department of Justice - Civil Division
1958 births
Living people
American women lawyers
California lawyers
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Yale Law School alumni
American scholars of constitutional law
Women legal scholars
People associated with Covington & Burling
People associated with Morrison & Foerster
Sandy Campbell is an American actress and singer, based in Southern California. She gained national recognition for debut solo CD, Crazy World and performance in the premiere of Lucy Simon's Zhivago at the La Jolla Playhouse, directed by multiple Tony-winner, Des McAnuff.
Stage work
She is a resident artist at Cygnet Theater Company in San Diego, as well as an associate-artist with Lamb's Players Theater. She has been nominated for the San Diego Theater Critics Circle's Craig Noel award six times, winning in 2012 for, 'Leading Actress in a Musical' for her performance in Parade. As well as in 2015, for yet-again, 'Leading Actress in a Musical''', for her performance in Master Class.
Other notable work includes The Most Happy Fella (Rosabella), Man of La Mancha (Aldonza), Sweeney Todd (Johanna), Falsettos (Cordelia), Into the Woods (Cinderella), West Side Story (María), Drood (Rosa Bud), and Fiddler on the Roof (Hodel). She has also appeared in straight plays, most notably as Bella in Lost in Yonkers.
Vocalist
As a solo cabaret artist, Sandy has developed multiple cabaret shows with musical director G. Scott Lacy. And I'll Be There: Songs of Love and Friendship premiered at North Coast Repertory Theater in October 2003. The Stories Go On, which has received considerable audience acclaim in multiple venues. In 2005 she released her first studio recording, Crazy World'' (Azahara Entertainment), a collection of mostly lesser-known theater songs.
Reviews
“Campbell sings with irresistible clarity and power…" - Los Angeles Times
“Outstanding…a striking voice and presence...” - KPBS Radio
“Musical theater heaven…there are echoes of Judy Collins in Campbell's soprano.” - San Diego Union
“Exceptional…Most remarkable…new levels of beauty and richness while filling her character with great tenderness, intelligence and emotion.” - San Diego Playbill
"It only took hearing the first few phrases sung to let me know the songs are in good hands...Sandy's voice is instantly appealing...She has an open and sweet quality, but with intelligent phrasing that keeps her safely far away from over-sentimentality. It's no surprise to learn that she has experience in theater and cabaret. It shows...Campbell and G. Scott Lacy crystallize the emotional potential of rich songs like these. An encore would be very welcome." - Talkin' Broadway
"...among the very best -- musically lovely and (rarer still) beautifully acted...The album overall is really wonderful; fine choices of songs, all well done." - Josh Rubins, Composer/Lyricist (Brownstone (musical), All the Queen's Men)
"Beautiful, sensitive...a wonderful recording." - Jeff Blumenkrantz, Composer (The Other Franklin)
"Campbell exhibits real talent with the material." - Max Preeo, Editor, Show Music Magazine
References
American musical theatre actresses
Living people
Actresses from California
Singers from California
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American actresses
21st-century American singers
Riseh (, also Romanized as Rīseh; also known as Rīzeh and Rīzh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 295, in 96 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The Massachusetts Senate is the upper house of the Massachusetts General Court, the bicameral state legislature of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The Senate comprises 40 elected members from 40 single-member senatorial districts in the state. All but one of the districts are named for the counties in which they are located (the "Cape and Islands" district covers Dukes, Nantucket, and parts of Barnstable counties). Senators serve two-year terms, without term limits. The Senate convenes in the Massachusetts State House, in Boston.
The current session is the 192nd General Court, which convened January 6, 2021. It consists of 37 Democrats and 3 Republicans. The President of the Senate is Karen E. Spilka of Ashland. The Senate Minority Leader, from the Republican Party, is Bruce Tarr of Gloucester. The last state general election was on November 3, 2020.
Qualifications
The following are the qualifications to be elected to the Massachusetts Senate:
Be 18 years of age
Be a registered voter in Massachusetts
Be an inhabitant of Massachusetts for five years
Be a resident of the district when elected
Receive the least 300 signatures on nomination papers
Recent party control
Democrats hold a supermajority in the Senate.
Current leadership
Committees
The current standing committees of the Massachusetts Senate are as follows:
Current districts and members
Past composition of the Senate
See also
2021–2022 Massachusetts legislature
Massachusetts Senate Delegations
List of former districts of the Massachusetts Senate
Massachusetts House of Representatives
Massachusetts Senate elections, 2004, Massachusetts Senate elections, 2006, Massachusetts Senate elections, 2008, Massachusetts Senate elections, 2010
References
Further reading
, 2007
External links
Senate Members of the General Court official government website
Official Senate district definitions as of 2011
2002
2010, with names of senators
State Senate of Massachusetts at Project Vote Smart
Lutah Maria Riggs (October 31, 1896 – March 8, 1984) was an American architect who worked for several decades in Santa Barbara, California. Born in Toledo, Ohio, she moved with her mother to Santa Barbara after high school, where she returned after receiving a BA in architecture from the University of California, Berkeley. From 1921 to 1930, she worked as a draftswoman for George Washington Smith, and she continued to work as an architect in Santa Barbara until 1980, focusing primarily on residential work. She was the first licensed female architect in Santa Barbara, and the first woman in California to be named a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
Early life and education
Lutah Maria Riggs was born in 1896 in Toledo, Ohio, the only child of a physician and a homemaker. Her father died when she was a child. She graduated from Manual Training High School in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1914. Later that same year, Riggs and her mother moved to Santa Barbara to join her stepfather.
Riggs completed her initial undergraduate studies at Santa Barbara City College, from which she received a certificate in 1917. She then won a scholarship to attend the University of California at Berkeley, from which she received her B.A. in architecture in 1919. Riggs completed graduate coursework at Berkeley in 1920, but moved back to Santa Barbara before finishing her graduate degree to be closer to her ailing mother.
Career
Riggs began her architectural career in 1920, working in Susanville as a draftswoman and designer for architect Ralph D. Taylor. After working for Taylor for a few months, she moved to Santa Barbara and worked as a draftswoman for the noted Spanish Revival architect George Washington Smith. Smith and his wife were so taken by Riggs that she became somewhat of a surrogate daughter to the couple. She travelled with the Smith family on their architectural study trips to Mexico in 1922, and Europe in 1924. Also in 1924, Riggs was made partner in the firm, and given the title of chief draftswoman. Riggs eventually became extremely influential in much of the firm's design work, and in some cases was fully responsible for the design of commissions. She contributed significantly to the designs for some of Smith's most well-known buildings, including the Lobero Theatre, El Paseo historical complex, and Casa del Herrero.
In 1928, Riggs obtained her architectural license. She continued to work for George Washington Smith through 1930, when Smith had a sudden heart attack and died. After a short stint working in partnership with colleagues, in 1931 Riggs started her own firm, which she ran until 1942. During these years Riggs completed a fair amount of residential work for wealthy clients in the Santa Barbara/Montecito area, as well as some commercial/institutional work, such as the Blaksley Library at the Santa Barbara Botanic Garden (1942). She also designed modest residences for the Rolling Hills development on the Palos Verdes peninsula south of Los Angeles. During World War II, Riggs worked briefly as a set designer on MGM and Warner Brothers films.
In 1946 Riggs began a partnership with Arvin Shaw, continuing to focus on residential work, though in a more modernist style, as seen in her design for the Alice Erving house in Montecito (1951). The Erving house is well known for its unique siting that maintains privacy while opening up to expansive views of the surrounding mountains, as well as for its floor-to-ceiling windows and vaulted ceilings. In 1951, she left the partnership to work on her own, continuing to do residential as well as some commercial work. One of her most famous buildings from this era is her design for the Santa Barbara Vedanta Temple (1956), noted for its reflection of early South Indian wooden temple architecture.
In addition to running her practice, Riggs was active in her local AIA chapter, and served on the California Architects' Board as both a member and a commissioner. In 1960, she was named a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects for "excellence in design and service to the profession". In 1967, the Los Angeles Times named her "Woman of the Year", the first architect to be chosen for this honor. Riggs continued to practice architecture through 1980, and died in Montecito, California, in 1984. The Architectural Foundation of Santa Barbara has funded a yearly scholarship in Riggs' name, to be given to architectural students, with special consideration for women.
Works
References
Bibliography
External links
Pioneering Women of American Architecture, Lutah Maria Riggs
Illustrated biography at the City of Santa Barbara website
Image collections at the Art, Design, & Architecture Museum, University of California, Santa Barbara:
Lutah Maria Riggs (1896-1984)
Lutah Maria Riggs (1896-1984): Mid-Century Montecito
The Blaksley Library at the Santa Barbara Botanic Garden
Alice Erving house remodel – Architect
Alice Erving house remodel – Contractor
Alice Erving house remodel – Real Estate Agent
Section 8. Lutah Maria Riggs, Architect of the Vedanta Temple
Mediterranean Revival architects
California women architects
Spanish Colonial Revival architects
1896 births
1984 deaths
Fellows of the American Institute of Architects
People from Santa Barbara, California
Artists from Toledo, Ohio
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Montecito, California
20th-century American architects
20th-century American women
BlackTV247 is an Internet-based video website which features Black inspired programming. The site has over 16 different channels and claims to have the world's largest library of Black inspired programming.
BlackTV247 employs a two-pronged programming strategy whereby it both hosts programming on its own network and links to programming hosted on external networks. Although the majority of the programming on BlackTV247 is produced by third parties, the site also broadcasts its own original programs including, The Best of BlackTV247.com and BlackTV247 News.
BlackTV247 debuted on January 27, 2010 and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Los Angeles-based BTV247, Inc and was conceived by BTV247, Inc. founders, Justin Beckett and Cecil Cox.
Channels
, BlackTV247 has over 16 different channels including TV. Film, Comedy, Sports, Shorts, Music Video, Critic's Choice, Faith Based, Politics, Dance, Business, International, Education, Music Programming, Lifestyle and Haiti Relief.
Original Programming
BlackTV247's sister company, BTV Productions, provides the network and its affiliates with original programming. Examples of the type of original programming that appears on BlackTV247 includes The Trial of Huey Newton, developed in partnership with the Dr. Huey P. Newton Foundation, BlackTV247 News and the Best of BlackTV247.com, which features Miss Brittany Bell, Miss Arizona USA 2010.
Availability
Over 75% of BlackTV247's content is viewable from anywhere in the world.
References
External links
Official Site
Corporate Site
BlackTV247.com Aggregates All Black TV, All the Time
American entertainment websites
Video hosting
Video on demand services
The Sturm Cigarette Company (, Storm Cigarettes or Military Assault Cigarettes) was a cigarette company created by the Nazi Party's Sturmabteilung (SA). The sale of its cigarettes provided the SA with operating funds and a channel for political messaging. Coercion and violence were used to increase sales.
Founding
During the 1920s, many cigarette firms in Germany closed, and the market was increasingly dominated by a few large and highly automated manufacturers. By 1933, the Nazi party was attacking the tobacco industry for having foreign and Jewish connections.
In 1929, Arthur Dressler cut a deal with the SA: together, they would found a cigarette manufacturer, and SA members would smoke its cigarettes, with the SA getting a royalty of 15–20 pfennig for every thousand cigarettes sold ( of sales price, given most cigarettes sold at 3 pfennig). At the time, the SA charged no membership fees and was thus financially dependent on donations from the Nazi party leadership; an independent income source was welcomed.
Approached through Saxon Nazi party leader Manfred von Killinger, SA-Stabschef Otto Wagener was interested and willing to put money towards an SA cigarette factory. The Nazi party offered 30,000 reichsmarks in start-up money and, as this was nowhere near enough, Nazi party supporter Jacques Bettenhausen invested another 500,000 reichsmarks. The Zigarettenfirma Sturm was founded, and registered as the Cigarettenfabrik Dressler.
Marketing
The factory mainly produced four brands: (Drummer), , (Storm) and (New Front). "Neue Front" was the most expensive brand, at six pfennigs; "Sturm" cost five, and "Alarm" four. "Trommler" was the cheapest at 3 pfennigs and, given the economic crisis, by far the most popular. In 1932, 80% of cigarettes sold were "Trommler", rising to 95% by 1933.
In early advertisements, all four main brands were listed; Nazi party imagery and the political slogan "" ("Against the [corporate] trust and the combine") were used. Later marketing focused on the "Trommler" brand. Apart from print advertising, the company owned a sound truck and hired advertising planes. Cigarette marketing reflected the political and economic situation. For instance, in 1930–1932, during the economic crash, advertisements showing catastrophic situations were common.
Sturm marketing was also used to make the prospect of serving in the German army more appealing. Cigarettes were sold with collectable sets of images of historical German military uniforms. While the SA was officially the sports and gymnastics division of the Nazi party, it was a successor to the banned Freikorps militias, and promoted itself as a military training program.
Adolf Hitler's opposition to smoking had limited effects on consumption and sales. While he ordered many localized smoking bans, they were widely ignored. The finance ministry appreciated the taxes tobacco brought in: by 1941, about a twelfth of state revenues. Aside from taxes, advertising revenues, and Sturm royalties and dividends, Nazi organizations accepted millions of reichsmarks in donations and bribes from the cigarette industry. The propaganda minister's view was decisive; Joseph Goebbels felt that cigarettes were essential to the war effort. Cigarettes were distributed free to soldiers, including minors, as part of their pay.
Between 1930 and 1940, the per-capita cigarette consumption of Germany rose from 500 to 1000 cigarettes a year; tens of billions of cigarettes were sold annually.
Coercion
There is evidence that coercion was used to promote the sale of these cigarettes. SA members were not just expected to smoke Sturm Cigarette Company cigarettes exclusively, they were compelled to: there were bag searches, and fines if any other brand were found. The SA agitated against and punished the use of other brands, especially the market leader Reemtsma. SA men attacked shops that sold rival brands, smashing windows and physically attacking the shopworkers.
Profits
Through this scheme, a typical SA unit earned hundreds of reichsmarks each month. A hundred marks would be the SA earnings from the sale of 500,000 cigarettes, at 20 pfennigs per thousand. A typical German smoker smoked around 15 cigarettes a day (similar to modern rates), so this would be income from just over a thousand smokers.
At the time, an average-intensity "Trommler" smoker paid the average wage would spend around a tenth of his gross income on cigarettes. Many did not have a regular wage: this was the time of the Great Depression, and unemployment peaked at over 30% (see graph). The SA recruited particularly among the unemployed and underemployed.
The firm first paid dividends to the SA in 1930. By 1932, it had a turnover of 36 million reichsmarks (equivalent to € million in ), and the SA made considerable profits; 1933 saw even higher returns. Money went to buy new buildings, factories, and advertising.
Replacement
In June 1932, Philipp Fürchtegott Reemtsma, head of the Reemtsma cigarette company, met with Adolf Hitler, Rudolf Hess, and Max Amann (Hitler's secretary, and the head of Eher Verlag, the Nazi party's printing house). Reemtsma's advertisements had been banned from Nazi party publications, but the publications lost money, and the party needed money for election campaigning. Hitler scolded Reemtsma for having Jewish partners, but they agreed to an initial deal of half a million marks of advertising.
Shortly after the Nazis took power in 1933, Philipp Reemtsma asked Hermann Göring, then the highest official in Prussia, to do something about charges of corruption and SA attacks against the company. In early 1934, Göring called off the court case in exchange for three million marks; Reemtsma subsequently paid him a million more per year, as well as making to substantial donations to the party. By July 1934, the Night of the Long Knives had removed the threat of the SA: its leaders, who had profited from the firm's royalties, and often owned shares in it, were dead or imprisoned.
Reemtsma's Jewish partners had now emigrated, along with many Jewish employees, with help from Reemtsma. After Reemtsma made inquiries, the new SA leader, SA-Stabschef Viktor Lutze, cancelled their contract with Sturm Cigarettes and made a deal with Reemtsma in exchange for a fixed sum (in 1934, 250,000 reichsmarks), paid annually. Reemtsma would now produce the SA's cigarettes, and Sturm, left with unsellable cigarettes, filed for bankruptcy in 1935.
See also
Reemtsma (Sturm's successor as the SA cigarette company)
Health effects of tobacco
Nicotine marketing, History of nicotine marketing
Anti-tobacco movement in Nazi Germany
References
Further reading
; interview of the author about the book:
; shorter text by author:
1929 establishments in Germany
1935 disestablishments in Germany
Cigarette brands
Economy of Nazi Germany
Tobacco companies of Germany
Ward No. 140, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 15, covering parts of Metiabruz (Kanthalberia-Mullickpara) in Garden Reach neighbourhood in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
The establishment and evolution of Kolkata Municipal Corporation followed a long process starting from around the middle of the 19th century. The Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 and certain steps taken thereafter saw the addition of peripheral areas in the eastern and southern parts of the city to the corporation area. In 1888, there were 75 commissioners, 50 of whom were elected, 15 appointed by the government and 10 nominated from bodies like Chambers of Commerce, Trades Associations and the Port Commissioners. The Calcutta Municipal Act of 1923 brought about important changes. The adjacent municipalities of Cossipore, Chitpore, Manicktola and Garden Reach, as well as the New Dock Extension area, were amalgamated with Kolkata. Garden Reach was later taken out.
Post-independence developments saw the introduction of adult franchise in municipal elections in 1962. The number of wards increased from 75 to 100. Tollygunge was merged with Kolkata in 1953. The Calcutta Municipal Corporation Act 1980, which came into effect in 1984, extended the boundaries of Kolkata by including South Suburban, Garden Reach and Jadavpur municipalities in Kolkata. With the addition of Joka to Kolkata, the number of wards rose to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 140 is bordered on the north by Jeliapara Road, Dr. Abdul Kabir Road, southern boundary of Akra mauza and Kailash Mistry lane; on the east by the railway siding, Panchpara Road and western boundary of Akra mauza; on the south by S.A,Farooquie Road (Akra Road); and on the west by Jeliapara Road, Bagdipara Road, eastern boundary of Akra mauza and Bhanga Khal Road.
The ward is served by Metiabruz police station of Kolkata Police.
Watgunge Women police station, located at 16, Watgunge Street, Kolkata-700023, covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the Port Division i.e. North Port, South Port, Watgunge, West Port, Garden Reach, Ekbalpur, Nadial, Rajabagan and Metiabruz.
Demographics
As per the 2011 Census of India, Ward No. 140, Kolkata Municipal Corporation, had a total population of 30,504, of which 16,074 (53%) were males and 14,430 (47%) were females. Population below 6 years was 3,889. The total number of literates in Ward No. 140 was 21,273 (79.93% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Metiaburuz (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
External links
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
This article lists the results for the Japan national football team between 1917 and 1939.
1917
1921
1923
1925
1927
1930
1934
1936
1939
Because the opponents were considered to be puppet states and not internationally recognized, the matches were not recorded by FIFA.
References
External links
Japan Football Association
Japan national football team results
1910s in Japanese sport
1920s in Japanese sport
1930s in Japanese sport
Martyn 'Marty' James Hay (born 24 May 1976) is a Scottish former cricketer.
Hay was born at Irvine in May 1976. A club cricketer for Prestwick Cricket Club, Hay played for Scotland in the 1999 season. He made two first-class appearances against a touring South Africa Academy cricket team at Boghall, and Ireland at Ormeau. He also made two List A one-day appearance in the NatWest Trophy against the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in the 1st round of the competition, followed by Dorset in the 2nd round. Hay took his only senior wickets in these matches, taking a wicket apiece in each. He later briefly played club cricket for Ayr Cricket Club, when he was signed by them in July 2001 for their British Cup match against Dunnington Cricket Club; it was hoped he would be a suitable counter to the presence of West Indians Alvin Kallicharran and Collis King in the Dunnington side.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
People from Irvine, North Ayrshire
Scottish cricketers
Johnny Guenther (January 13, 1936 – June 27, 2018) was an American professional ten-pin bowler from Edmonds, Washington and a member of the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA). He is a member of both the PBA and USBC Halls of Fame. Guenther had 11 PBA Tour titles in his career, including one major championship, and rolled the PBA's second-ever televised 300 game.
PBA career
Guenther won his first PBA title on October 10, 1965 at the PBA Oxnard Open. On the way to his fourth title in San Jose, California on February 1, 1969, Guenther rolled the PBA's second-ever televised 300 game (the first having been accomplished by Jack Biondolillo in 1967). The feat occurred during the second of Guenther's four matches broadcast live that day. Guenther defeated future PBA Hall of Famer Don Johnson in that match, 300–189, then went on to defeat two other future Hall of Famers (Billy Hardwick and Wayne Zahn) for the title. Guenther won his lone PBA major in the 1972 PBA National Championship, topping Dick Ritger in the final match for his seventh title overall. He won his eighth and ninth titles in back-to-back weeks during the 1974 PBA season (on March 16 and March 23). His 11th and final title was earned just shy of his 40th birthday, on January 3, 1976 at the Ford Open in Arcadia, California.
While Guenther was feared on the lanes, he was well-liked off of them, winning the PBA's Steve Nagy Sportsmanship Award three times. He was inducted into the PBA Hall of Fame in 1986, and the USBC Hall of Fame in 1988. He was ranked #45 on the PBA's 2008 list of "50 Greatest Players of the Last 50 Years".
PBA Tour Titles
Major titles in bold type.
1965 PBA Oxnard Open (Oxnard, CA)
1966 Tucson Squirt Open (Tucson, AZ)
1968 Miller High Life Open (Milwaukee, WI)
1969 San Jose Open (San Jose, CA)
1971 Andy Granatelli's STP Classic (Kansas City, MO)
1971 Mercury Open (Rochester, NY)
1972 PBA National Championship (Rochester, NY)
1974 Lincoln-Mercury Open (Denver, CO)
1974 Miller High Life Open (Milwaukee, WI)
1975 Seattle Open (Seattle, WA)
1976 Ford Open (Arcadia, CA)
Death
Guenther died on June 27, 2018 following a brief illness. He was 82 years old.
References
1936 births
2018 deaths
American ten-pin bowling players
People from Edmonds, Washington
Torry Larsen (born 11 April 1971 in Ålesund) is a Norwegian adventurer and Arctic explorer.
In 1992 he met fellow adventurer-to-be Rune Gjeldnes, also of Møre og Romsdal. Both Gjeldnes and Larsen served in the Norwegian Naval Special Operations Command.
Together with Gjeldnes, Torry Larsen travelled across Greenland in 1996–2500 km in 79 days—unsupported by helicopters. In 2000, they completed the "Arctic Ocean 2000" expedition—a 109-day, 2,100-kilometer trip that started in Siberia, crossing the North Pole and reaching Canada. They became the first to cross the Arctic Ocean without resupply.
Source / External links
His Website (norw. and engl.)
1971 births
Living people
Norwegian explorers
Royal Norwegian Navy personnel
Explorers of the Arctic
People from Ålesund
Hakim Adi is a British historian and scholar who specializes in African affairs. He has written widely on Pan-Africanism and the modern political history of Africa and the African diaspora, including the 2018 book Pan-Africanism: A History. Currently a professor at the University of Chichester, Adi is an advocate of the education curriculum in the UK, both at secondary school and higher education level, being changed to reflect the history of Africa and the African diaspora, including the contribution of African people to world history.
Career
Adi obtained a BA and his PhD in African history from the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), London University, and has described himself as "a late developer into higher education.... I've taught history at every level you can imagine: schools, prison, adult education, further education, university. I've taught in Broadmoor, Strangeways — you name it, I've done it...". He was Reader in the History of Africa and the African Diaspora at Middlesex University for many years until the department of history was closed down. He currently lectures in African History at the University of Chichester, West Sussex, and is one of the few African British academics to become recognised as a professor. He supervised the master of research thesis of the Nigerian human rights activist, Ibrahim B. Anoba at the University of Chichester in 2020.
He was a founder member in 1991 of the Black and Asian Studies Association (BASA), which he chaired for several years.
He also leads the History Matters group, a collection of academics and teachers concerned with the under-representation of students and teachers of African and Caribbean heritage within the History discipline. In 2015 the group convened the History Matters conference of the same name held at the Institute of Historical Research.
Writings
Adi has written widely on Pan-Africanism and on the history of the African diaspora, particularly Africans in Britain. He is the author of the books West Africans in Britain 1900–1960: Nationalism, Pan-Africanism and Communism (1998), Pan-Africanism and Communism: The Communist International, Africa and the Diaspora, 1919–1939 (2013), and the joint author (with Marika Sherwood) of The 1945 Manchester Pan-African Congress Revisited (1995) and Pan-African History: Political Figures from Africa and the Diaspora since 1787 (2003). Reviewing Adi's 2018 book, Pan-Africanism: A History, Adom Getachew wrote: "Few scholars are better positioned than Adi to chart Pan-Africanism's history: Over the course of two decades, he has chronicled it and the modern black experience more broadly as the writer or editor of 11 books, not to mention many journal articles and chapters written for other books. In Pan-​Africanism, he brings to bear his encyclopedic knowledge of black freedom movements in Africa, the Americas, and Europe."
Adi has also written history books for children, including The History of the African and Caribbean Communities in Britain (2005).
Film work
Hakim Adi featured (alongside Maulana Karenga, Muhammed Shareef, Francis Cress Welsin, Kimani Nehusi, Paul Robeson Jr, and Nelson George) in the multi-award-winning documentary 500 Years Later (2005), written by M. K. Asante, Jr. and directed by Owen 'Alik Shahadah.
Selected bibliography
Books
African Migrations, Thomson Learning, 1994.
With Marika Sherwood, The 1945 Manchester Pan-African Congress Revisited, London: New Beacon Books, 1995.
West Africans in Britain 1900–1960: Nationalism, Pan-Africanism and Communism, London: Lawrence & Wishart, 1998.
With Marika Sherwood, Pan-African History: Political Figures from Africa and the Diaspora since 1787, London/New York: Routledge: 2003.
The History of the African and Caribbean Communities in Britain, Wayland, 2005. . Paperback 2014,
Co-editor with Caroline Bressey, Belonging in Europe – The African Diaspora and Work, London: Routledge, 2010.
Pan-Africanism and Communism: The Communist International, Africa and the Diaspora, 1919–1939, Trenton, New Jersey, USA: Africa World Press, 2013.
Pan-Africanism: A History, Bloomsbury Academic, 2018.
African and Caribbean People in Britain, Allen Lane, 2022.
Articles
"A New Kind of Imperialism", Radical History Review, Issue 95: "New Imperialisms", Spring 2006. Workers' Daily Internet Edition
"London, slavery and abolition", BBC, 2007.
"The wider historical context of the abolition of the transatlantic slave trade", Pambazuka News, Issue 302, 2 May 2007.
"George Padmore and the 1945 Manchester Pan-African Congress", in Fitzroy Baptiste and Rupert Lewis (eds), George Padmore: Pan-African Revolutionary, Kingston, JA: Ian Randle, 2009.
"To What Extent is Britain Post-Colonial?", E-International Relations, 3 October 2012.
"The New Scramble for Africa", E-International Relations, 15 April 2013.
"Britain's black history has been shamefully whitewashed" (review of Black and British: A Forgotten History by David Olusoga), The Spectator, 14 January 2017.
References
External links
Official website.
Development and Modern African Political Theory
Hakim Adi, "London, slavery and abolition", BBC, 24 September 2014.
"Dr Hakim Adi - New Scramble for Africa", YouTube.
Hakim Adi, "Africa and the Transatlantic Slave Trade", History, BBC, 2012.
Hakim Adi at Academia.edu
"Pan-Africanism and Communism: an Interview with Hakim Adi", Review of African Political Economy, 26 January 2017.
"An Interview with YHP's founder Hakim Adi", AAIHS, 16 July 2017.
"I was the first person of African heritage to become a professor of history in Britain, which shows that we have a long way to go", Black Cultural Archives, 12 August 2019.
Hakim Adi at Twitter
"
21st-century British male writers
Academics of Middlesex University
Academics of the University of Chichester
Alumni of SOAS University of London
Black British academics
Black British writers
British historians
British pan-Africanists
British television presenters
Historians of Africa
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Richey Reneberg was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Richard Krajicek won the tournament, beating Guillaume Raoux in the final, 6–4, 7–6(9–7).
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Rosmalen Grass Court Championships
1997 ATP Tour
This is a list of cathedrals in Burma sorted by denomination.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Burma:
Cathedral of St. Patrick in Banmaw
Cathedral of St. Joseph in Hakha
Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier in Hpa-an
Cathedral of St. Mary in Kalay
Cathedral of the Immaculate Heart of Mary in Kengtung
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Lashio
Christ the King Cathedral in Loikaw
Sacred Heart Cathedral in Mandalay
Holy Family Cathedral in Mawlamyine
St. Columban's Cathedral in Myitkyina
St. Peter's Cathedral in Pathein
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Pekon
St. Paul's Cathedral in Pyay
St. Joseph's Cathedral in Taunggyi
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Taungoo
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Yangon
Anglican
Cathedrals of the Church of the Province of Myanmar:
St. Peter's Cathedral in Hpa-An
Christ Church Cathedral in Mandalay
Holy Trinity Cathedral in Yangon
Christ the King Cathedral in Myitkyina Diocese
See also
List of cathedrals
Christianity in Burma
St. Mark Cathedral in Sittwe Diocese
References
Cathedrals in Myanmar
Myanmar
Lists of religious buildings and structures in Myanmar
Cathedrals
Weightlifting at the 2014 Asian Games was held in Incheon, South Korea from September 20 to 26, 2014. There were seven weight categories for the women and eight for the men. All competition took place at the Moonlight Festival Garden Weightlifting Venue.
Schedule
Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
Participating nations
A total of 200 athletes from 32 nations competed in weightlifting at the 2014 Asian Games:
References
Results
External links
Schedule and result
2014 Asian Games events
2014
Asian Games
International weightlifting competitions hosted by South Korea
Pushkar is a town in the Indian state of Rajasthan. It may also refer to
Pushkar Fair in Pushkar
Pushkar railway station in Pushkar
Pushkar Lake near Pushkar
Brahma Temple, Pushkar
Pushkar (name)
Nikita Olegovich Koldunov (; born 19 April 2000) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye.
Club career
He is a product of the academy of FC Zenit Saint Petersburg and was first included in their Russian Premier League roster for the 2016–17 season. For the next three seasons, he played for their Under-20 squad, without making any appearances for the senior team. In the summer of 2019, he was one of 10 players that transferred from Zenit to the Russian Premier League newcomer PFC Sochi.
He made his debut in the Russian Premier League for Sochi on 8 December 2019 in a game against FC Rubin Kazan. He substituted Nikita Burmistrov in the 62nd minute.
On 12 February 2021, he joined FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg on loan.
On 30 July 2021 he returned to FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg on a one-year contract.
References
External links
2000 births
Footballers from Saint Petersburg
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
PFC Sochi players
FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg players
FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye players
Russian Premier League players
Russian Second League players
Dera (or Dheeraa) is a town in southeastern Ethiopia. Located in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region, this town has a latitude and longitude of . It is the administrative center of Dodotana Sire woreda.
By the late 1960s, Dera was provided with electricity from a dam on the Awash River. In October 1969, Emperor Haile Selassie inaugurated a water supply system for the town built at a cost of Birr 170,000. The system drew water from the Awash II dam 10 kilometers away. A weekly market is held on Mondays, where grain and livestock can be bought and sold. According to the Oromia Regional government, this town is currently supplied with electricity 24 hours a day, and has telephone service. Construction on the 99 kilometer road between Chole and Dera was completed and opened for traffic 15 August 2009, at a cost of over 146 million Birrs. The Ethiopian Roads Authority reported that the new road would reduce the distance between the two towns by ahalf.
On 17 May 1974, an official in Dera had a dispute with local farmers regarding land 7 kilometers away. The official returned with some city men and two police, and a fight with the locals ensued, in which two of the farmers and one of the police were killed. The local police at Asella wanted to occupy the site of the fight and place the inhabitants under military rule. The Governor General of Arsi Province refused to allow them to do this, but was himself soon arrested and removed.
Demographics
Based on figures from the Central Statistical Agency in 2005, Dera has an estimated total population of 16,731, of whom 8,367 are men and 8,364 are women. The 1994 national census reported a total population for this town of 9,356, of whom 4,538 were men and 4,818 women. The three largest ethnic groups reported in Dera were the Oromo (56.78%), the Amhara (37.9%), and the Silt'e (2.62%); all other ethnic groups made up 2.7% of the population. Amharic was spoken as a first language by 50.21%, 46.63% spoke Oromiffa, and 2.04% spoke Silt'e; the remaining 1.12% spoke all other primary languages reported. The majority of the inhabitants were Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, with 60.5% of the population reporting they observed this belief, while 37.78% of the population said they were Moslem, and 1.51% were Protestant.
History
The name Dera or Dheeraa, in Oromo Language, has the meaning of length or long. There is no definitely known reason for this naming . But it could be related to the long running plain topography of the area that stretches between the City of Adama or Nazareth and the town of Itayya. Historically Dera (Dheeraa) has been inhibited by various Arsi Oromo sub clans. As the rest of towns in Ethiopia Dera formalized in to town administration after the brief occupation of Italy. Italy had constructed the road that passed through Dera and connects the town of Asalla and Adama. When Emperor Menelik II of Showa was attempted to subdue the Arsi province he had faced stiff resistance from various Arsi Oromo clans who organized themselves under the famous warrior Lenjiso Diga (Leenjisoo Diigaa) . Other leaders of the Arsi Oromo war of resistance was including Irresso Tongo (Irreessoo Tongoo, Uje Baje ( Ujee Baajee ) and other clan warriors and leaders who had played a significant role in the resistance war of the Arsi against Showan domination . In one of the wars that has been fought between 1880 and 1886 the Arsi warriors under the leadership of Lenjiso Diga and Irresso Tongo had captured the Menelik's mistress Woizero Bafana. In the war that Menelik himself was barely escaped death the Lode sub clan of Arsi had fought bravely and was awarded a spear taken from Emperor Menelik. When peace agreement has been after six or seven years of numerous bloody battels following the total defeat of Arsi people in the famous war taken place in Azule and after reconciliation between Emperor Menelik II and Arsi has been concluded, Woizero Bafana has been repatriated . During her stay as prisoner of war in the hands of Arsi warriors all respect and protection has been accorded to her both as woman and in her status as mistress of the King.
Note
Populated places in the Oromia Region
Deadly Weapons is an album by Steve Beresford, John Zorn, Tonie Marshall and David Toop. The album was originally released on the Nato label in 1986. It is designed as film noir soundtrack music to a film which does not exist and could be considered a forerunner to Zorn's Spillane (1987).
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4½ stars, stating that "this quartet has done what so many attempts, but so few actually succeed at: They've created a virtual cinema of the unconscious, colored by sound yet evoking not only images but sounds, feelings, and textural awareness; beautiful and harrowing."
Track listing
"Shockproof" (Beresford) - 8:13
"Du Gris" (Ferdinand Louis Benech, Ernest Dumont) - 3:17
"King Cobra" (Beresford, Toop, Marshall, Zorn) - 4:46
"Tallulah" (Beresford, Toop, Marshall, Zorn) - 3:20
"Dumb Boxer" (Toop) - 2:15
"Lady Whirlwind" (Toop) - 0:47
"Shadow Boxer" (Toop, Marshall) - 3:03
"Sitting in the Park" (Billy Stewart) - 1:42
"Snow Blood" (Toop) - 2:27
"Chen Pe'i Pe'i" (Zorn, Toop) - 3:08
"Jane Mansfield" (Beresford, Toop) - 5:02
Recorded at Dave Hunt Audio Engineering studio in 1986 and produced by Jean Rochard
Personnel
Steve Beresford – keyboards, tapes, trumpet, guitar, percussions
David Toop – guitar, pedal steel guitar, flutes, percussions
John Zorn – alto, keyboards
Tonie Marshall – vocals
References
John Zorn albums
Steve Beresford albums
1986 albums
Southeast Minahasa Regency is a regency in North Sulawesi, Indonesia. Its capital is Ratahan. It covers an area of 710.83 km2, and had a population of 100,443 at the 2010 Census; this had risen to 116,323 at the 2020 Census. It was established as a separate regency from part of the South Minahasa Regency on 2 January 2007. Its administrative centre is at Ratahan.
Administrative Districts
The regency is divided into twelve districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the district administrative centres.
Climate
Ratahan, the seat of the regency has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) moderate rainfall in August and September and heavy rainfall in the remaining months.
References
Regencies of North Sulawesi
Anna Elizabeth Dewdney (née Luhrmann; December 25, 1965 – September 3, 2016) was an American author and illustrator of children's books. The first book she wrote and illustrated, Llama Llama Red Pajama, received critical acclaim in 2005. She wrote numerous other books in the Llama Llama series, which have all been New York Times bestsellers. Her work has been adapted into stage plays, dance performances, musicals, and an animated television series for Netflix. Many states and non-profits use her books for literacy campaigns and programs, including the Library of Congress.
Biography
Dewdney spent her early childhood in Englewood, New Jersey, where she attended the Elisabeth Morrow School through the ninth grade. She continued her high school studies at Philips Academy (Andover) and then transferred to The Putney School, graduating in 1985. She earned a bachelor's degree in Art from Wesleyan University in 1987. Before her work became well known, Dewdney provided for her family of four and their dogs by working as a waitress, a rural postal carrier, and a remedial-language, art, and history teacher at a junior boarding school for dyslexic boys with her partner, Reed Duncan. She and Duncan had two children and lived in Vermont until her death at age 50 from brain cancer.
Career
Dewdney began her career illustrating a variety of books for both children and adults. She gained critical acclaim in 2005 for Llama Llama Red Pajama, the first book she both wrote and illustrated. Her work is known for its emotive content, signature characters, family relationships, and how it addresses the everyday issues of young children. The text of her work is often written in verse; because of this use of rhyming language, and because of Dewdney's reading-advocacy work, her books are often used to promote reading and literacy. The Llama Llama series is highly popular among parents, teachers, and booksellers; in 2011, a Miami, Florida bookseller actually got the Llama Llama character tattooed on her arm for a bookstore event. Dewdney's books have been translated into more than thirteen languages, including: Chinese, Hebrew, Korean, Indonesian, Vietnamese, Polish, Spanish, Russian, Latvian, Romanian, Hungarian, Italian, and German. Partial proceeds from some of her works go toward environmental awareness and conservation efforts, most notably pangolin conservation in southeast Asia. In 2016 it was announced that Reed Duncan had adapted Dewdney's Llama Llama titles as an animated children's television series for Netflix. The show was released by Genius Brands and was initially directed by Rob Minkoff and Saul Andrew Blinkoff. Jane Startz served as the series producer and Joe Purdy was the series showrunner. Reed Duncan, the show's co-creator, served as executive producer. Duncan, Startz, and Purdy wrote and created all of the show's main storylines. Dewdney and Duncan wrote the lyrics to the signature theme song. The show, starring Jennifer Garner as Mama Llama, contains approximately 50 episodes and is currently in its second season on Netflix. The series has been translated into over 22 different languages and is broadcast in dozens of countries worldwide.
Influences
Dewdney cites Tasha Tudor, the early work of Maurice Sendak, Russell Hoban, Garth Williams, Barbara Cooney, Elizabeth Goudge, Frances Hodgson Burnett, William Steig, E. B. White, Munro Leaf, and Robert Lawson as creative influences.
Awards and honors
Dewdney's Llama Llama books have all been New York Times bestsellers, and several titles have reached #1 on the list. Her books regularly make the Publishers Weekly and IndieBooks bestsellers lists and have hit buzzworthy sales figures. Llama Llama Red Pajama was chosen as Jumpstart's Read for the Record book in 2011, setting the world's record for most readings of a particular book on one day. This event was recorded on the Today show on October 6, 2011, where her work was read live to the national television audience. Her work has been adapted into stage plays, dance performances, and musicals, most notably by Dolly Parton at Dollywood.<ref>"Dollywood Penguin Players Bring Kids' Book to Life"</ref</ref> The Dolly Parton Foundation has also chosen her Llama Llama series for The Imagination Library, a not-for-profit organization serving young children through book donations. Many states and not-for-profit organizations use her books for literacy campaigns and programs, including the Library of Congress, which featured her work and a live reading by Anna at its 2012 National Book Festival. Dewdney's work is highly acclaimed by critics and is often recommended on booklists by national reviewers.
Other awards
Llama Llama Red Pajama: Scholastic Parent and Child "100 Greatest Books for Kids" award winner; Bank Street "Best Children's Book" recipient; Missouri Building Block Award winner; National Public Radio pick; Carolina Children's Book Award Master List winner (picture book category)
Llama Llama Home With Mama: Children's Choice Book Award "Illustrator of the Year" nominee (2012)
Llama Llama Time to Share: Children's Choice book Award "Illustrator of the Year" nominee (2013); Thriving Family magazine's Best Family-Friendly Picture Book finalist (2012)
Llama Llama Mad at Mama: Missouri Building Block Award winner; winner of Alabama's Emphasis on Reading program (grades K-1); Book Sense Book of the Year Children's Illustrated Honor Book (2008)
Selected works
What You Do Is Easy, What I Do Is Hard (her first picture book - illustrator only, written by Jake Wolf)
Grumpy Gloria
Llama Llama Hoppity-Hop
Llama Llama and the Bully Goat
Llama Llama Holiday Drama
Llama Llama Home With Mama
Llama Llama Mad at Mama
Llama Llama Misses Mama
Llama Llama Nighty-Night
Llama Llama Red Pajama
Llama Llama Time To Share
Llama Llama Gram and Grandpa
Llama Llama Zippity-Zoom
Llama Llama Wakey-Wake
Llama Llama Sand & Sun
Llama Llama Easter Egg
Llama Llama I Love You
Llama Llama Jingle Bells
Llama Llama Trick or Treat
Nelly Gnu and Daddy Too
Nobunny's Perfect
Roly Poly Pangolin
Llama Llama Birthday Party!
Little Excavator (Posthumous, June 6, 2017)
Llama Llama Gives Thanks (Posthumous, August 15, 2017)
Llama Llama Television Show (Posthumous, January 26, 2018)
Llama Llama Loves to Read
Llama Llama Mess, Mess, Mess
Llama Llama Loose Tooth Drama (forthcoming)
Everything Will Be OK (forthcoming)
Animalicious
Llama Llama Yum, Yum, Yum
Llama Llama Hide & Seek
Llama Llama 5-Minute Stories
Llama Llama Mad Libs Junior
Llama Llama & Me: My Book of Memories
What's Your Favorite Color? (one of several contributors for the Eric Carle collection)
Christmas in the Barn (illustration for the Margaret Wise Brown work)
References
External links
(No longer active, splashpage only redirecting visitors to Llama Llama site)
Llama Llama website
Twitter: AnnaDewdney
Instagram: LlamaLlamaOfficial
1965 births
2016 deaths
American children's writers
The Putney School alumni
Wesleyan University alumni
American women illustrators
21st-century American women writers
American women children's writers
American children's book illustrators
Deaths from brain cancer in the United States
People from Englewood, New Jersey
Writers from New York City
Birdhana is a village in Jhajjar Mandal, Jhajjar District in Haryana, India.
Geography
Birdhana is 5.6 km distance from its Mandal Main Town Jhajjar and 230 km distance from its State Main City Chandigarh.
Nearby villages are Mehrana (2.4 km), Gudha (3.2 km), Jondhi *(3.7 km), Dujana (4 km), Chamanpura (4.3 km). Nearby towns are Jhajjar (5 km), Beri (9.8 km), Matannail (21 km), Bahadurgarh. (29.7 km).
Facilities in the village
The village has a co-educational public higher secondary school, a school for middle education and two different schools for boys and girls for primary education. There is a primary health center too in the village along with the veterinary hospital for animals. There are eight Aanganwari Centers under the Child Development Scheme.
There are several temples and shrines with a long history: Temple of the Dadi satti is also there. Baba Haridas mandir is also a holy place in this Village. The temple of God Shiva in the village, situated on the bank of Maheshwar lake, is very famous among the locals where the fair is organised twice on the occasion of Shivratri, in which various activities are organised like Wrestling competition, kabaddi and other contests.
Demographics
Most of the population is of Dahiya Gotra but presence of Rathee Gotra is also there, which comes under the Jat community.
Farming is the main occupation.
References
External links
Villages in Jhajjar district
Erich Masurat (11 August 1927 – 25 October 2012) was a German sports shooter. He competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics for West Germany.
References
1927 births
2012 deaths
German male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of West Germany
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Königsberg
Max Touloute (born 27 April 1990 in Les Cayes) is a Haitian footballer who last played for Florida Tropics SC in the Major Arena Soccer League.
Career
College and semi-professional
Touloute played college soccer for the Fort Wayne Mastodons of Indiana University – Purdue University Fort Wayne for four seasons between 2008 and 2011. In total, Touloute made 67 appearances, tallying 32 goals and 14 assists for the team. Touloute earned multiple honours throughout his college career, including being named Summit League Offensive Player of the Year in 2011. While in college, Touloute also played semi-professional soccer for Premier Development League clubs Michigan Bucks in 2010 and Vermont Voltage in 2011. He made seven league appearances for both clubs, scoring one goal for Michigan.
Professional
Following college, Touloute signed for UMF Tindastóll of the 1. deild karla, the second tier of the Icelandic football league system, on 1 May 2012. In his one season with the club, Touloute tallied 6 goals in 17 matches. The player also made two Icelandic Cup appearances for the club, scoring one goal, during the season. Toulouse left the club on 5 September of the same year. The following season, he transferred to BÍ/Bolungarvík, also of the 1. deild karla, signing on 14 March 2013. He remained with this club for one season also, scoring 5 goals in 15 matches.
Touloute returned to the United States in 2014, signing for Reading United and returning to the Premier Development League in the process. Throughout the 2014 season, Touloute made 5 appearances and scored 1 goal. Following his departure from Reading, it was announced on 13 March 2015 that Touloute had signed with the Pittsburgh Riverhounds of the United Soccer League for the 2015 season. He made his league debut for the club on 28 March 2015, coming on as a second-half substitute for Lebogang Moloto in the eventual 5-2 victory over the Harrisburg City Islanders to open the season. Touloute scored his first goal for the club on the next matchday, scoring Pittsburgh's only goal of a 1–2 defeat to the Rochester Rhinos on 4 April 2015.
International
Touloute was called up by the Haitian national team for a 2012 Caribbean Cup qualification match against Guyana on 14 November 2012. Touloute was on the bench for the match but was an unused substitute. For the other two qualification matches of the round, Touloute was left off of the gameday roster and remained in the stands. Haiti head coach Israel Blake Cantero called Touloute into the squad for the final round of the 2012 Caribbean Cup after the nation qualified but the player had to remain in the United States to finish exams to graduate from his university. He has not yet been capped by Haiti.
References
External links
Caribbean Football Database profile
IPFW Mastodons profile
1990 births
Living people
Haitian footballers
Haitian expatriate footballers
Purdue Fort Wayne Mastodons men's soccer players
Flint City Bucks players
Vermont Voltage players
Reading United A.C. players
Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC players
Florida Tropics SC players
Association football forwards
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Major Arena Soccer League players
Missouri Comets players
Ungmennafélagið Tindastóll men's football players
People from Les Cayes
KY Entertainment (, Hanja: 金永, Originally Kumyoung) is a Korean company based in Seoul, South Korea. Its main areas of business are manufacturing of computer music player and audio system, digital music content.
History
Kumyoung was first established as Namkyoung Industry, a manufacturer of video game arcade machine in Busan, South Korea in August 1983. The firm's name was changed to Kumyoung Industry in 1986 and later to Kumyoung Co. Ltd. in 1989 with the inauguration of Kim Sung Young as its CEO. The company focused on the production of karaoke system and has dominated the Korean Noraebang (노래방) industry and the export markets since the early 90s. In 1996, Kumyoung introduced and patented the world's first HDD-based computer music player with real human voice chorus recording by a TV station.
The company headquarters was moved to Seoul in 2002. It ventured into digital music production in 2003 with the establishment of its affiliate, Square-One Music and mobile phone content services in partnership with some Korean telecom companies. Kumyoung has diversified its core business by offering on-line internet noraebang and Video-on-demand services.
Kumyoung group changed its name to KY Entertainment in 2018.
Milestones
1989 Establishment and registration of Keum Young Entertainment Co., Ltd
1991 Released music accompaniment computer software
1994 Established Beijing Office (Concluded Thailand sales agent contract)
1995 Established US Branch Office in 1995 (Consecutive No.1 in Korean market for home karaoke systems)
1996 Launched the first <Vocal Chorus> karaoke system in the world and maintained No.1 ranking in Korea ever since
1999 Designated as a company with excellent technological competitiveness (acquired CE mark)
2003 Established joint venture in China and concluded export contract for HDD & DVD music accompaniment products with Vietnamese company
2005 Launched the first cable TV interactive music service technology in the world (currently in operation with CJ, LG Korean cable broadcasting service)
2007 Established Japan Branch Office; started exports to Japan: Concluded export contract with Japan BMB (started exporting track finders)
2008 Owned 22 domestic trademarks and 30 domestic patents for karaoke
2009 Designated as one of the top 10 million dollar exporters
2010 Released KMS-A100/a50, feel TONG 600
2011 Released KMS-A300
2012 Released KMS-K95 series
2013 Adopted new song update method using smartphones
2014 Released KMS-Q100, Q200 series
2015 Released KMS-Q300N
2016 Acquired Keum Young Group karaoke business
2017 Launched sales and management device for coin-operated karaoke
2018 Changed corporate name to KY Entertainment
2019 Launched the first AI karaoke service in Korea, KT GiGA Genie Premium Keum Young Karaoke Service
Products
Computer Music Player
Speaker and Amplifiers
LED Screen
Affiliates
Kumyoung Media
References
External links
Kumyoung Media Inc.
Official website (Korean)
Audio equipment manufacturers of South Korea
Companies based in Seoul
Companies established in 1983
South Korean brands
Good for Otto is an American play by David Rabe.
Plot
Dr. Michaels and fellow counselor Evangeline counsel six patients at a rural mental health center.
Critical reception
The Guardian awarded the play three stars out of five, calling it "Intimately staged yet strangely old-fashioned."
The Hollywood Reporter said in a review, "This shapeless play loses rather than gathers steam, ultimately seeming more like a docudrama patchwork with messy stitching than a satisfying, fully realized theatrical work."
References
External links
2015 plays
Broadway plays
Off-Broadway plays
Plays by David Rabe
Fiction set in the 2010s
Lobosculum pustula is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
References
Polygyridae
Gastropods described in 1822
Stenometopiini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. It contains 8 genera and around 100 species. The members of Stenometopiini are widespread and have a cosmopolitan distribution.
Genera
There are currently 8 described genera in Stenometopiini:
References
Deltocephalinae
is a Japanese global logistics services company. It is based in Tokyo and is owned by Nippon Express Holdings ().
Its shareholding is dominated by banks and financial institutions mostly related to the Mizuho (Mizuho Financial Group) and Sumitomo Mitsui (SMFG) Keiretsus.
In Japan it is commonly known as 'Nittsu', and some of Nippon Express subsidiaries include 'Nittsu' in their names.
History
The company was established in 1937 in line with the Nippon Tsu-un Kaisha Law as a semi-government transportation service by pooling the assets of Kokusai Tsu-un KK (International Express Co., Ltd.), which consolidated many of the nation's small-scale rail transport companies, and six other competitors, with additional funding from the Japanese government. After more than a decade of operation the company was fully privatized in the 1950s.
Activities
In 2017, Nippon Express annual revenues exceeded US$16 billion, making it one of the top five global logistics services providers. Nippon Express has a strong global network that spans over 40 countries, with company direct operations in 33 nations.
At the end of 2013 Nippon Express Co Ltd bought 67 percent of Panasonic Logistics which is owned by Japanese electronics group Panasonic Corp.
Nippon Express indicated in September 2017 to plan to raise 100 billion yen ($912 million) in debt capital over two years to consolidate several warehouses in the Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya regions and install labor-saving equipment, and to build transit warehouses in overseas locations, such as Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia, taking advantage of low interest rates to cope with a deepening shortage of workers (source: Nikkei and Reuters).
References
External links
Official Website (Japanese)
Nippon Express USA
"Snapshot for Nippon Express Co Ltd (9062)," Bloomberg.
Transport companies based in Tokyo
Logistics companies of Japan
Service companies based in Tokyo
Transport companies established in 1937
Japanese brands
Business services companies established in 1937
1937 establishments in Japan
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Maline pri Štrekljevcu () is a small village north of Štrekljevec in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola. The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Name
The name of the settlement was changed from Maline to Maline pri Štrekljevcu in 1955.
Cultural heritage
Particularly in the northern part of the village many late 19th-century and early 20th-century traditional village houses and outbuildings are preserved and have been included on the Slovenian Ministry of Culture's Registry of Immovable Cultural Heritage.
References
External links
Maline pri Štrekljevcu at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Moses Alexander (November 13, 1853 – January 4, 1932) was an American businessman and politician who served as the 11th governor of Idaho, the second elected Jewish governor of a U.S. state, and the first who actually practiced that religion. Jewish California Governor Washington Bartlett, was elected in 1887, but had converted to Christianity. Moses Alexander served from 1915 until 1919, and remains the state's sole Jewish chief executive.
Early life and career
Born in Obrigheim, then in the Kingdom of Bavaria, now Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, Alexander emigrated to the United States in 1867 and settled in New York City.
Career
After moving to the United States, Alexander accepted an invitation from his cousin in Chillicothe, Missouri, where he showed a talent for the business and was made a partner in the store in 1874.
In Chillicothe, Alexander showed an early interest in Democratic politics, particularly within the progressive wing of the party. In 1886, he was elected to the Chillicothe City Council. The next year, Alexander was elected mayor and served two terms. His primary concern as mayor was addressing the city's dire financial situation.
In 1891, Alexander left Chillicothe with the intention of moving to Alaska. While en route, he made a stop in Idaho at Boise to look at its investment opportunities. Based on that, he abandoned his plans in Alaska and settled in Boise instead. In July 1891, Alexander opened the first of several clothing stores, Alexanders, in Boise and nearby communities.
In 1895, Alexander led an effort to build the Ahavath Beth Israel, the first synagogue in Idaho. Completed in 1896, it is the oldest in continuous use west of the Mississippi River.
Mayor of Boise
In 1897, Alexander was elected mayor of Boise. He chose not to run for reelection in 1899, but was elected again in 1901. During his terms as mayor, Boise's volunteer fire department was reorganized into a professional body, anti-gambling ordinances were passed and other city improvements were made.
Governor of Idaho
Election
In 1908, Alexander was declared the Democratic nominee for governor in a bitterly contested nomination process which required intervention by the Idaho Supreme Court. However, he was defeated in the general election by Republican nominee James H. Brady. Alexander was offered the nomination again in 1910, but declined due to poor health.
In 1914, Alexander entered the gubernatorial race on a platform strongly supporting prohibition and limited government spending. Alexander won the general election against Republican incumbent John M. Haines thanks, in part, to a misappropriation scandal in the state treasurer's office that dogged the Republican ticket. He thus became the first observant Jew to be elected governor of a U.S. state. (Washington Bartlett, governor of California in 1887, had a Jewish mother but did not practice Judaism himself .)
In 1916 Alexander was re-elected over his Republican opponent D. W. Davis by only 572 votes, the closest gubernatorial election in Idaho history.
Tenure
Upon taking office, Alexander set to work immediately on making Idaho a dry state. Alexander continued to be an ardent prohibition supporter even though bootlegging became common practice in Idaho in the ensuing years.
World War I was another central issue during Alexander's administration. Alexander pledged state militia troops to both the war cause and to the Mexican Expedition against Pancho Villa and ordered a home guard (Idaho State Guard) into service to protect idaho. Despite rampant anti-German hysteria in Idaho during the period, Alexander himself was never thought of as unpatriotic, even though he was born in present-day Germany.
Later years
Alexander did not run for re-election in 1918. He was the Democratic nominee for governor again in 1922, but was not able to campaign as vigorously as he had before. That year, Alexander finished third in the general election behind Republican Charles C. Moore and Progressive H. F. Samuels.
Throughout the 1920s, Alexander remained active with the Idaho Democratic Party as a speaker and delegate to Democratic National Conventions.
Personal life
In 1876, Alexander married Helena (née Hedwig) Kaestner (1853–1949), a Christian immigrant from Germany who converted to Judaism. Together, they had a daughter, Leha Alexander Spiro (1885–1979).
He made his last public appearance for the Democrats on December 29, 1931, less than a week before his death in Boise. Alexander and his wife are buried in Morris Hill Cemetery in Boise.
See also
List of U.S. state governors born outside the United States
Alexander House listed on the National Register of Historic Places
References
External links
Moses Alexander Biography
Idaho State Historical Society – Moses Alexander Collection
1853 births
1932 deaths
19th-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
American people of German-Jewish descent
American temperance activists
Democratic Party governors of Idaho
German emigrants to the United States
Governors of Idaho
Idaho Democrats
Jewish mayors of places in the United States
Jewish American state governors of the United States
Mayors of Boise, Idaho
People from Bad Dürkheim (district)
People from Chillicothe, Missouri
Jewish American people in Idaho politics
Yoshiie (written: 義家) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
(1039–1106), Japanese samurai
Yoshiie Tachibana (born 1958), baseball player and coach
Yoshiie (written: 義家) is also a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
(born 1971), Japanese politician
Japanese-language surnames
Japanese masculine given names
11th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1818, the 11th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 11th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1906 Nova Scotia general election, the 33rd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 34th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 11th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
Matthew P. A. Fisher is an American theoretical physicist and Professor of Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara, and is known for several major contributions to condensed matter physics. He completed his bachelor's degree in engineering physics from Cornell University in 1981 and earned a Ph.D. in theoretical physics from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1986 with Anthony Leggett as his advisor, with part of his work done under the supervision of Eduardo Fradkin. He was awarded the Alan T. Waterman Award in 1995, and in 2015 he was a recipient of the Oliver E. Buckley Condensed Matter Prize for his work on the superconductor-insulator transition. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2003 and to the National Academy of Sciences in 2012. He is a Fellow of the American Physical Society. He is the son of English physicist Michael E. Fisher, and brother of American physicist Daniel S. Fisher.
Research
Fisher is one of the leading figures in condensed matter physics, and has made important contributions to many areas in condensed matter physics. Some of his most important works have been in the theories of quantum phase transitions, in particular superconductor-insulator transitions (with Daniel Fisher, Steven Girvin and others) and deconfined quantum criticality (with Subir Sachdev, T. Senthil, Ashvin Vishwanath and Leon Balents). He has also made important contributions to superconductivity, in particular, introducing vortex-glass superconductivity as a possible new phase of matter and using bosonic particle-vortex dualities to describe the properties of superconductors (with Dung-Hai Lee). He has also made significant advances in the transport and other aspects of the physics of Luttinger liquids (with Charles Kane) and other one-dimensional problems in condensed matter such as the edges of quantum Hall states. He has also done important works in the area of quantum spin liquids, often using the aforementioned dualities to provide theoretical descriptions of various spin liquid phenomena (with Leon Balents, Michael Hermele, Jason Alicea, Shinsei Ryu and others). He has also made important contributions to the physics of carbon nanotubes (with Leon Balents and Charles Kane) and emergent Majorana fermions and related phenomena in quasi-one-dimensional problems (with Jason Alicea and others).
In recent years, Fisher has developed new interests in neuroscience, where in particular he has proposed the possibility (and mechanisms) of quantum information processing (specifically, quantum mind) in the human brain.
External links
Homepage
References
1960 births
Living people
Cornell University alumni
Grainger College of Engineering alumni
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
21st-century American physicists
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
Oliver E. Buckley Condensed Matter Prize winners
Rubén Pablo Magnano (born 9 October 1954) is an Argentine-Italian professional basketball coach.
Coaching career
Magnano served as the head coach of the senior men's Argentine national team. He led Argentina to the silver medal at the 2002 FIBA World Championship. Argentina also beat Team USA during the tournament.
He also led Argentina to a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games. In the process, Argentina once again beat Team USA, that time in the tournament's semifinals.
In January 2010, he became the head coach of the senior men's Brazilian national team until 2016. He was granted the Platinum Konex Award 2010 as the best head coach from the last decade in Argentina. In 2018, he became the head coach of the senior men's Uruguay national team.
Awards and accomplishments
Coaching career
Pro clubs
4× Argentine League Champion: (1992, 1998, 1999, 2009)
2× South American Club Champion: (1993, 1994)
Argentine 2nd Division Champion: (1995)
Pan American Club Championship Champion: (1996)
2× South American League Champion: (1997, 1998)
Argentine League Coach of the Year: (2000)
National teams
2001 FIBA AmeriCup:
2002 FIBA World Cup:
2003 FIBA AmeriCup:
2004 Summer Olympics:
2011 FIBA AmeriCup:
References
External links
Spanish League Coaching Profile
Italian League Coaching Profile
1954 births
Living people
Argentine basketball coaches
Argentine expatriate basketball people in Spain
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Argentine people of Italian descent
Italian expatriate basketball people in Spain
Italian basketball coaches
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Argentina
Pallacanestro Varese coaches
People from Villa María
FIBA Hall of Fame inductees
Sportspeople from Córdoba Province, Argentina
"Minority" is a 16-bar jazz standard in a minor key by Gigi Gryce, first recorded with Clifford Brown in Paris on October 8, 1953. Gryce recorded it again with Art Blakey and on his The Hap'nin's album for Prestige (1960). The song has been recorded over 40 times.
Selected recordings
Art Blakey: Blakey (EmArcy, 1954)
Cannonball Adderley: Portrait of Cannonball (Riverside, 1958)
Bill Evans: Everybody Digs Bill Evans (Riverside, 1958)
Art Pepper: The Return of Art Pepper
Bootsie Barnes: You Leave Me Breathless!
Pat Martino: Strings! (Prestige, 1967)
Ben Sidran: The Cat and the Hat (1980)
Bud Shank/Phil Woods: Bouncing with Bud and Phil: Live at Yoshi's (1995)
References
1950s jazz standards
1953 songs
Tina Krajišnik (born 12 January 1991) is a Serbian basketball player for Galatasaray and for the Serbian national team.
Club Career
On 18 May 2021, she signed a one-year contract with Galatasaray.
National Team Career
She participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017 and 2021.
WNBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" | 2022
| align="left" | Chicago
| 2 || 0 || 2.5 || .000 || .000 || .000 || 0.0 || 1.0 || 0.5 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 1.0
|-
| align="left" | Career
| align="left" | 1 year, 1 team
| 2 || 0 || 2.5 || .000 || .000 || .000 || 0.0 || 1.0 || 0.5 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 1.0
See also
List of Serbian WNBA players
References
External links
Tina Krajisnik-Jovanovic at Regeneracomsports.com
1991 births
Living people
Serbian women's basketball players
Basketball players from Sarajevo
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Power forwards (basketball)
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Hungary
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Turkey
European champions for Serbia
Galatasaray S.K. (women's basketball) players
Olympic basketball players of Serbia
Basketball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Chicago Sky players
The Daily Times (DT) is an English-language Pakistani newspaper. Launched on April 9, 2002, Daily Times, is simultaneously published from Lahore, Islamabad and Karachi. The newspaper was owned by Governor of Punjab and Pakistan Peoples Party member Salmaan Taseer.
Staff and columnists
The Daily Times is a newspaper that advocates liberal and secular ideas. The Daily Times is listed as a member publication on the Pakistan Newspapers Society website.
Notable contributors & columnists for the Daily Times include:
Syed Wajahat Ali
Iftikhar Ahmad
Ali Salman Alvi
Rizwan Asghar
Waheed Babar
Ziyad Broker
Asad Ejaz Butt
Qasir M. Chaudhry
Zafar Hilaly
Hannan R. Hussain
Mohammad Jamil
Hassan Khan
Lal Khan
Naveed Aman Khan
Suleman Khanzada
Noman Nayyir Kulachvi
Saulat Nagi
Haider Rifaat
Farman Nawaz
Shaheer Ahmad Piracha
Ally Adnan
Aurangzeb Qureshi
Hasan Askari Rizvi
Faraz Saeed
M. Aamer Sarfraz
S P Seth
Raja Omer Shabbir
Haider Shah
M. Khalid Shaikh
Obed Suhail
Ali Tahir
Sabbah Uddin
See also
List of newspapers in Pakistan
The Friday Times
References
External links
English-language newspapers published in Pakistan
Daily newspapers published in Pakistan
Newspapers established in 2002
2002 establishments in Pakistan
In 2009, clashes between Muslim Palestinians and Israeli police erupted on September 27, 2009, and continued to late October. Violence spread through East Jerusalem and parts of the West Bank, and included throwing of Molotov cocktails and stones at Israeli security forces and civilians. Israeli police responded with arrests of rioters and sporadic age-based restriction of access to the Temple Mount. Several dozen rioters, police and Israeli civilians have been injured.
The Temple Mount is the site of the former Jewish Temple and is the holiest site in Judaism; it is also the site of the existing al-Aqsa Mosque and Dome of the Rock, and is the third-holiest site in Islam. Israel gained control of the Mount in 1967 from Jordan, and incorporated it along with the rest of East Jerusalem into its (largely unrecognised) capital of Jerusalem; the Islamic holy sites on the Mount are managed by the Islamic waqf, while Israel is in charge of overall administration. The permanent status of the Temple Mount is generally considered to be determined by future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.
Background
The clashes followed rising tensions beginning on 2 August with the forcible evictions of nine Palestinian families in Sheikh Jarrah. During Ramadan Palestinian access to Al Aqsa Mosque was increasingly restricted. During the last week of Ramadan ending on 19 September, Palestinians from the rest of the West Bank were barred from entry into East Jerusalem for the Jewish New Year.
Timeline of violence
27 September
On the eve of Yom Kippur, a group of about 15 non-Muslims entered the compound escorted by about 70 Israel Police officers in riot gear. Some 150 Muslim worshippers gathered around them, some hurling stones. 18 policemen and 17 worshippers were lightly injured. That evening, on Yom Kippur, Palestinians in the north Jerusalem neighborhood of Isawiya hurled firebombs and stones at Israeli security forces and set a number of trees on fire. Five officers were lightly injured.
4 October
A group of some 150 Palestinians threw rocks and bottles at Israeli security forces in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Wadi al-Joz.
5 October
A group of Palestinians from the southeast Jerusalem neighborhood of Ras al-Amud stoned Haredi Jewish men who had stopped to pray at the cemetery on the nearby Mount of Olives. Later in the day, rocks were again thrown at police officers inside Ras al-Amud. Intermittent stone-throwing and other forms of rioting continued in east Jerusalem throughout the day. Near the Shuafat security checkpoint in north Jerusalem, Palestinian youths hurled rocks at Israeli border policemen, lightly wounding one officer. In the afternoon, a Palestinian youth stabbed a border policeman in the neck. Youths from Shuafat then began to riot, throwing stones at border policemen throughout the evening. On the outskirts of Ramallah, some 50 Palestinian youths hurled rocks and other debris at Israeli soldiers stationed nearby.
25 October
Rioters threw Molotov cocktails and stones at Israeli police forces stationed at the Temple Mount. A police force entered the Temple Mount compound and arrested 18. Nine police officers were lightly injured and 21 rioters arrested. A female Australian journalist was lightly injured by a rock. Three masked Arab men were arrested in the afternoon after hurling stones at Israeli security forces in the east Jerusalem neighborhood of Ras al-Amud. In the Old City of Jerusalem, Arabs hurled stones at passersby and policemen. There were no reports of injuries or damage.
Involved parties
Islamic Movement in Israel
Sheikh Raed Salah, leader of the Islamic Movement in Israel's northern branch, told followers in early October that should Muslims have to choose between renouncing the al-Aqsa Mosque and becoming martyrs they will choose the latter.
Should the State of Israel make us choose... we will clearly choose to be martyrs, we are a nation that does not give up, we will die and win; the al-Aqsa Mosque is not a matter that can be given up on, and we shall win, God willing.
Palestinian Authority
On 5 October, Palestinian prime minister Salam Fayyad condemned Israel's decision to restrict entrance to the al-Aqsa Mosque compound on the Temple Mount in the wake of the riots, and called on Palestinians "to confront Israel".
We call on the Palestinian public to confront Israel and its plans, that are intended to prevent the Palestinian people from fulfilling their aspirations of establishing a Palestinian state in the occupied territories.
The Authority also decried "Israel's attempts to conduct Jewish prayer services in the Aksa compound" and urged the world "to force Israel to halt its efforts to Judaize the city."
Hamas
In early October, Hamas called for a new intifada (uprising) to "defend" Jerusalem and the al-Aqsa Mosque, located in the Temple Mount compound. The group issued a statement blaming Israel for the violence and saying that "harming al-Aqsa will blow up in the face of the Zionist aggression."
Hamas political leader Khaled Mashaal said on 25 October declared that Jerusalem's fate would be decided by confrontation rather than negotiation, and called for angry protests throughout the Arab world.
The Israelis want to divide al-Aqsa Mosque, and this is not all. They want to hold their religious ceremonies in the mosque... in preparation for demolishing it and building their temple there... Jerusalem is all of Jerusalem, not only Abu-Dis. The Arabs and Muslims are [the city's] residents, and the Zionists have no claim over it... I call for angry protests in Palestine and in the Arab world. Today, protests began in [the] Gaza [Strip], and we hope they will spread to the West Bank. It is important for there to be a united Palestinian position. We must send a message to the world: In light of the settlements and actions in Jerusalem, there are no negotiations and we must rethink our steps.
See also
1929 Palestine riots
1990 Temple Mount riots
2000 Al-Aqsa Intifada
References
Riots and civil disorder in the Palestinian territories
Temple Mount
Al-Aqsa Mosque
Dave Crowley (4 May 1910 – 11 December 1974) was a British boxer. After winning an Area title at bantamweight, he moved up to featherweight, at which he challenged for a world title, before moving up again to lightweight, at which he was British champion in 1938. He went on to have several minor film roles.
Career
Bantamweight
Born in London, Crowley made his professional debut in August 1929, drawing with George Crain. Initially a bantamweight, Crowley was unbeaten in his first nine fights before suffering his first defeat in December 1929 to Fred Davison, who stopped him in the third round. By late 1932 he had built up an impressive record, winning 55 of his first 64 fights, and in November beat Bill Lewis to become the Southern Area bantamweight champion. Crowley went on to face some of the top bantamweights around including losses to Panama Al Brown and Seaman Tommy Watson, and in 1934 moved up to featherweight.
Featherweight
Crowley successfully challenged Tommy Rogers in May 1934 for the Scottish Area featherweight title, taking a 15-round points decision. In June he beat Belgian champion Francois Machtens, and the following month stopped Auguste Gyde in the eleventh round. He was beaten on points in October by World featherweight champion Freddie Miller. In December he got his first British title shot when he challenged Nel Tarleton at Wembley Arena; Tarleton took a points decision to retain the title. In May 1935 he challenged for Benny Caplan's Southern Area title, but the fight ended in a draw. He beat Machtens again on September 1935.
In 1936 he travelled to the United States where he won his first fight, an 8-round points decision over Al Gillette in April. He then drew with Mike Belloise the following month, and in September challenged for Belloise's NYSAC World featherweight title at Madison Square Garden. The fight ended controversially; After being knocked down in the eighth round, Crowley was again knocked down in the ninth but claimed he was fouled. The referee judged it a valid knockdown and counted Crowley out.
Lightweight
Crowley moved up to lightweight on his return to England, with some success, beating Harry Mizler (twice), Jimmy Walsh, and Petey Sarron, and a win over George Odwell in a title eliminator set him up for a challenge for Walsh's British title in June 1938 at Anfield; Crowley took a points decision to become British champion. He won his next two fights before making a defence of his British title in December against an 18-year old Eric Boon. Boon knocked him out in the thirteenth round to take the title.
In January 1939 Crowley married showgirl Jill Leslie Clayton at a London register office.
Boon and Crowley met again for the title in December 1939, this time Boon knocking Crowley out in the seventh round. According to reports from the time, Crowley was not floored by a punch, but fell awkwardly and having strained a tendon in his leg was unable to get to his feet. Later that month, Crowley acted as compère of the revue Shoot the Works at the Royal Hippodrome, Chatham.
Crowley beat Jackie Rankin in June 1944 to take the vacant Southern Area lightweight title, but lost it in February 1945 to Dave Finn. He attempted to regain the title from Finn in September 1945, but as in their first fight, lost on points. He continued until 1946, his final fight a defeat at the hands of Billy Biddles. Having injured his left eye earlier in his career he had lost sight in it completely by 1946, prompting him to retire from boxing.
He finished with a record of 131 wins from 185 fights, with 11 draws and 42 losses.
After boxing
Crowley had first worked as a film actor in the late 1930s, having a small role in The Fugitive. After further small roles in the 1940s he acted as fight arranger and coach to Sir John Mills and Stewart Granger for Waterloo Road (1945), and acted as technical adviser for the 1953 film The Square Ring. He had further roles in The Story of William Tell (1953), The Steel Bayonet (1957), Barabbas (1961), and The Last Valley (1971).
In the 1960s he ran 'Dave's Dive' in Rome, which became popular with film actors and American ex-pats.
In the early 1970s, Crowley's sight in his right eye was deteriorating, prompting the man who took his British title from him, Eric Boon, to offer the donation of one of his eyes in 1973.
Crowley died on 11 December 1974, aged 64.
References
External links
Career record at boxinghistory.org.uk
1910 births
1974 deaths
English male boxers
Bantamweight boxers
Featherweight boxers
Lightweight boxers
Boxers from Greater London
English male actors
Arturo Herrera Gutiérrez is a Mexican economist and former member of the Cabinet of Mexico designated as Secretary of Finance and Public Credit (SHCP) by President Andrés Manuel López Obrador (AMLO) to replace Carlos Manuel Urzúa Macías on July 9, 2019, ratified on July 18, 2019, by the Chamber of Deputies.
On June 9, 2021, President Andrés Manuel López Obrador announced that Herrera would step down as Secretary of Finance and Public Credit and nominate him as Governor of the Bank of Mexico in December 2021. Herrera had previously served as Assistant Secretary in the same office. From 2000-2006 he served as Secretary of Finances for Mexico City under both AMLO and Alejandro Encinas Rodríguez. He worked for the World Bank 2010 to 2017.
Education
Arturo Herrera Gutiérrez received a bachelor's degree in economics from the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana (UAM), a master's degree in economics from El Colegio de México (Colmex), and has done studies towards a doctorate from New York University (NYU). He has taught classes in economics at Colmex and NYU.
Bank of Mexico
In anticipation of the end of Alejandro Díaz de León term as governor of Bank of Mexico, AMLO announced his intention of proposing Herrera to Congress as Díaz de León's successor. At the same time Rogelio Ramírez de la O is announced as Herrera's replacement as secretary of finance.
Family and personal life
Arturo Herrera Gutiérrez was born in Actopan, Hidalgo, Mexico, on March 21, 1968. His father was Arturo Herrera Cabañas, a friend of composer Eduardo Mata, and his mother is Irma Gutiérrez Mejía. He has two brothers, Tonatiuh Herrera Gutiérrez and Yuri Herrera Gutiérrez; his uncle Rafael was municipal president of Actopan, who began the Feria de Barbacoa in the community.
References
1967 births
Living people
21st-century Mexican politicians
Mexican economists
Mexican Secretaries of Finance
Morena (political party) politicians
New York University faculty
Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation justices
Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana alumni
Cabinet of Andrés Manuel López Obrador
Politicians from Hidalgo (state)
People from Actopan, Hidalgo
{{Speciesbox
| name = Panay striped babbler
| image =
| status = LC
| status_system = IUCN3.1
| status_ref = <ref name="iucn status 15 November 2021">
The Panay striped babbler (Zosterornis latistriatus) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae and one of the most attractive birds in the country. It is endemic to the Philippines only being found on the island of Panay (Philippines). Its natural habitat is tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description
EBird describes the bird as "A fairly small bird of mid-elevation montane forest on Panay. Dark brown above and heavily streaked with black below, with base color blending from white on the throat to buffy on the lower belly. Note the white face edged with black and the thin black stripe behind the eye. Often found in mixed-species flocks. Somewhat similar to Stripe-sided and Visayan Rhabdornises, but smaller, and lacks the broad black band through the eye. Voice includes a loud staccato trill."
Habitat and Conservation Status
This species is known from montane mossy forest from 1,100 m to 1,900 m with most records being above 1,400 m. It prefers the middle and upper strata of the forest.
IUCN has assessed this bird as least concern. This species' main threat is habitat loss with wholesale clearance of forest habitats as a result of logging, agricultural conversion and mining activities occurring within the range.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Panay striped babbler
Birds of Panay
Panay striped babbler
Panay striped babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sven Wetzel (born 13 January 1987) is a German international rugby union player, playing for the TSV Handschuhsheim in the Rugby-Bundesliga and the German national rugby union team.
He made his debut for Germany in an ENC match against Poland on 20 November 2010.
Stats
Sven Wetzel's personal statistics in club and international rugby:
Club
As of 25 August 2011
National team
European Nations Cup
Friendlies & other competitions
As of 8 April 2012
References
External links
Sven Wetzel at the DRV website
Sven Wetzel at totalrugby.de
1987 births
Living people
German rugby union players
Germany international rugby union players
TSV Handschuhsheim players
Rugby union hookers
Tangmarg is a town and tehsil in Baramulla district in Indian union territory of Jammu and Kashmir. In 2014, Tangmarg was granted a sub division and trifurcated into three Tehsils (Tangmarg, Kunzer and Karhama), with Sub Divisional Magistrate SDM Office located at Tangmarg. The Tangmarg town is central to more than 100 villages in the vicinity. Tangmarg is gateway of gulmarg which is just 13kms away, also drung waterfall is 3kms away which makes tangmarg most crowded place in the evening due to clean & fresh environment.
Tangmarg has a post office that has been recently modernized, computerized and renovated and there are plans to develop it into a model post office at par with project arrow post offices. There are many hotels and restaurants, everything required by travelling tourists. Tangmarg is from Srinagar by a two-lane road. Tangmarg has many tourist spots like Drung, Gulmarg, Baderkoot, Zandpal, Gogaldara, Nigli Nullah and Baba Reshi. The name "Baba Reshi" is locally given for the great Sufi saint of Kashmir Baba Payam ud Din Reshi who has a Shrine located around from Tangmarg. Tangmarg is also known as gate of Gulmarg. Tangmarg is also known as shen kaul which means brook of snow. Tangmarg is also famous for trout fish.
Geography
The Longitude is 75.36679 and the Latitude is 33.80405. Amongst the prominent villages of this tehsil are Hardushoora, Ferozpora, Pariswani, Chaindil Waingam, Kulhama, Hajibal, Bungam, Reram, Druroo, Hardu Ichloo, Khaipora, Solinda Kunzer, Devbugh, Kralweth Lalpora, Gonipora, Devpora Dardpora, Ganibaba, Pandithpora Bala, Baderkoot, Ratnipora, Ogmuna, Hardu-Aboora, Hariwatnoo, Treran, Katibugh, Chandilora, Qazipora, Gund Dalwash, Tarahama. Tangmarg is famous for fresh cold water, heavy snowfall, and tourism. Tangmarg is a hilly area with most parts covered by lush green forests.
Access and transport
Tangmarg is located about from Srinagar; the journey time by road is about 90 minutes. Sheikh ul-Alam International Airport, Srinagar is away. Gulmarg is away on the Narbal-Tangmarg Road. The general approach to the town is through road transport (taxi and bus). Transport is available from Srinagar, Baramulla, Magam, Sopore, Gulmarg and Pattan. The town is also not far from the Mazhama Railway station.
A road from Tangmarg to Gogaldara is under construction. This road would connect Tehsil Tangmarg with Tehsil Khag of Badgam district. Another road from Drung to Poonch district of Jammu Division is under consideration by the government.
History
The history of Tangmarg dates back to Mughal Era. It was used as a gateway to Gulmarg. Literally from local dialect Tang means Pear and Marg means meadow. There are many pear trees in the vicinity of Tangmarg town scattered in different villages.
Education and health
A Sub-district Hospital is located at Tangmarg with affiliated Primary Health Centres in all major villages. A Government Degree College was established in 2011-12 at Chandilora. 5 Higher Secondary Schools are situated in Tangmarg including Fazil Kashmiri memorial higher secondary School.
Language
Kashmiri is the predominant language spoken in the villages of Tangmarg. Urdu is second widely spoken language after Kashmiri. Pahari is another important language spoken in area whereas English language is also spoken by educated class and those who deal with the tourism industry. Gojri also has many speakers.
References
Cities and towns in Baramulla district
Don't Tell My Mother is a television programme hosted by Diego Buñuel and shown on the subscription television channel Nat Geo Adventure.
Development
For the past ten years, Diego Buñuel has been a foreign correspondent for French television covering countries like Iraq, Afghanistan, or the Congo. Every time he left for one of his stories, he would tell his production crew in the Paris office, "Don't tell my mother I am in Colombia, it makes her really nervous." After a few years of traveling repeatedly, Buñuel realized that the international news coverage, which he was part of, only focused on the worst headlines possible. Thus, Buñuel embarked on a rather unusual effort – to talk about countries that make headlines, but instead of focusing on the same three basic stories, he extended the reach of his eye to look at a more subtle vision of these countries, full of culture, people, interests that rise high above the daily news reports.
Don't Tell My Mother criss-crosses the globe as Buñuel stops in burgeoning mega-cities – some plagued by the overwhelming demands that come along with housing millions of residents. But all these cities are riding high on the hopes of newcomers arriving daily in search of opportunity. Whether he is spending the night in one of the most dangerous parts of São Paulo with a group of graffiti artists inspiring radical social change, dressing in drag in Dhaka, or drag racing through Johannesburg, Buñuel explores these diverse metropolises.
Buñuel, on the show, comments: "Travelling is my passion – I'm fascinated by the remarkable stories every country has to offer. It was this desire that led me to travel the world – to Pakistan, Venezuela, Iraq and more – looking for stories and meeting fascinating people along the way. It was a great trip, sometimes travelling to dangerous places, which is why I never told my mother where I was when travelling – check out my video, photos and blogs from the trip here, but do me a favour – Don't Tell My Mother."
Season 1
Colombia
Known for drug-trafficking, kidnapping and guns, Colombia has a well-earned reputation for danger. Buñuel gets his first taste of this treacherous lifestyle after meeting a tailor who specializes in bullet-proof clothing. In a country that produces 80 percent of the world's cocaine, Buñuel goes on patrol with the farmers tasked with destroying cocaine plants one-by-one in the mine-littered fields of guerrilla country. Travelling to Medellin, Buñuel visits the abandoned home of drug lord Pablo Escobar, where he tours Escobar's dinosaur park full of towering dinosaur statues, and visits Escobar's pet hippos. Buñuel also meets one of Escobar's former hired gunmen who now teaches the children of his fallen friends. On Dead Man's Road, Buñuel heads to Cali, where travelling at the wrong time of day can get you kidnapped. Kidnapping is so prevalent, one radio station has developed the 'Hostage Voices' programme so relatives can send messages to hostages over the radio. Despite the rampant civil war dividing the country, Colombia has made steps forward – in Picalena Prison, one warden has helped unite right-wing paramilitaries with left-wing guerrillas through an unlikely tactic: soccer.
Afghanistan
Buñuel takes a 52-minute road trip from the capital Kabul to Taliban hotbed Kandahar, stopping by Mazar-e-Sharif and Herat. From the Kabul golf course, to a female Army helicopter pilot, from an interview with Mullah Omar's look-alike who spent two years in hiding, to the first night-club open to Afghanis, Buñuelexplores stories about a country that many have tried to boil down to burkas, bearded fighters and poppy harvests.
Congo
Buñuel travels around the Democratic Republic of Congo, a place ridden with gang violence and political instability.
Pakistan
Buñuel travelled to Pakistan to break some of the stereotypes that have plagued this country. Roaming from Karachi, Hyderabad, Lahore, Islamabad and to end finally in the Pakistani Himalayas.
North Korea
After leaving behind his cell phone, GPS and even newspapers before entering the country, Buñuel poses as an actor to enter North Korea. Two friendly touring guides accompanied him and provides any necessary information. Starting in the capital of Pyongyang, Buñuel is housed in a hotel built on an island. Attending a Catholic mass in Pyongyang, Buñuel finds that there are no ordained priests in North Korea; mass is led by party members. Buñuel also tours a fairground where children have the chance to 'Kill American Imperialism' in a shooting game. Venturing to the world's largest stadium, Buñuel watches 100,000 dancers perform in celebration of 60 years of dictatorship. While this festivity paints an image of happiness and unity, the portrait is not quite as picturesque in the countryside. The effects of poverty, famine and oppression are deeply etched in the faces of its people and the landscape. Even in Pyongyang, the signs of repression are omnipresent – from the number of dances allowed to be performed (only 5–7 according to one party member) to the images of Kim Jong Il found in every corner.
Holy Land (Palestine)
Buñuel goes from the Gaza Strip to Jerusalem. We meet a printer of the Martyrs of Gaza; Nadim, a Christian brewer in Ramallah; Lucy, who rescues Palestinian donkeys and tries to rehabilitate them; and rappers at a Gazan bachelor party.
Venezuela
Buñuel visits Caracas. He stumbles across a socialist protest where tense relations with the U.S. over politics and oil are top of mind for participants. But while government-enforced low costs have made gas unbelievably cheap for Venezuelans – just a few cents per litre – regulations have caused massive food shortages. Buñuel sneaks over the Colombian border to investigate illegal gas smuggling. In the countryside of San Felipe, agrarian reform is putting land back into the hands of the people with former sugar cane workers kicking out their former bosses. With a machete and some VHS film tape, workers mark off their land, waiting for it to be recognised by the local mayor's office. High in the Venezuelan Andes, Buñuel follows two volunteers who bring a mobile library by mule to help families attending school in the mountains. In the Caracas slum of Antimano, he plays pick-up basketball, and visits an area where school is held in the streets.
Iraq
In Baghdad's Christian quarter, Buñuel visits the booming Iraqi stock market where white boards follow the U.S. $5 million in traded stocks. He finds the stock market is not the only business in Iraq that is thriving – gyms are seeing a significant increase in memberships as men flock to gain muscle in hopes of getting a well-paying job in security. At a heavy metal concert, Buñuel meets some rebellious Iraqi men whose love for death metal, long hair and shaggy beards can put them at odds with more conservative Iraqis. He witnesses a 1,300-year-old burial ritual at one of the world's largest necropolises with millions of people buried in Najaf, and also visits a torture museum in Sulaymaniyah to remember atrocities committed against Iraqi Kurds.
Iran
Buñuel checks out an underground rap show in Tehran, featuring a performance by a local mullah's son. With a huge following and representatives from more than 30 countries, he attends the Olympics of Koran reading where participants memorise and recite entire chapters of the Koran from heart. Meeting with a Jewish antiques dealer in Tehran, he shares alcohol made from grapes before visiting one of the city's synagogues and heading over to the Iranian parliament with one of its Jewish members. In Esfahan, he takes in a local basketball game and hits the town afterwards with an American player finding stardom in Iran. At Tehran's Museum of Contemporary Art, Buñuel examines works of Picasso, Jackson Pollock, Andy Warhol, Monet and more – all of which have remained in basement storage since 1979. At the Caspian Sea, he hitches a ride with police who monitor the waterways for caviar poachers.
Balkans
Buñuel visits the Balkans, where tensions still sizzle just below the surface and the slightest misstep can re-open old wounds. His road trip across Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia and Kosovo unearths an area recovering from the ravages of war. In Srebrenica, he meets a Bosnian Muslim woman in charge of the uncovering mass graves of more than 8,000 Muslim men and boys massacred days after declaring independence from Serbia. He visits a farm in Tuzla where oil bubbles out of the ground. In Serbia, he takes a guided tour of hangouts where alleged war criminal Radovan Karadzic went incognito before visiting one nostalgic Serb who has recreated Yugoslavia in his own backyard – even presenting Buñuel with his own Yugoslav "passport". Finally, to enter Kosovo, Buñuel must remove his car's license plate in order to safely enter the country to meet with the man responsible for the newly formed country's national anthem and a football team with dreams of playing against other nations.
Season 2
Johannesburg
Johannesburg's risen to become the thriving economic hub of the continent.
Tokyo
Tokyo is by far the biggest city on the planet. Buñuel explores where past and present collide, the line between reality and science fiction is thin.
Lagos
Buñuel explores Lagos to find out why lots of newcomers arriving the city every day despite its problems of traffic jam, poverty and pollution.
Delhi
Buñuel explores the reality of the city.
Mexico City
Buñuel enters the sewers and runs from canine immigration agents to discover just how creative the residents of Ciudad de Mexico really are.
São Paulo
Buñuel mingles with graffiti artists and dodges bullets to search for a common thread that unites the extremes of rich and poor in São Paulo.
Beirut
Buñuel travels from the seaside to the mountains, meeting some surprising black-market dealers in Beirut as well as the gay community preparing the first commercial promoting gay tourism to Beirut.
Cairo
Buñuel explores ancient and modern elements of Cairo.
Dhaka
Buñuel begins his adventure in an area of Dhaka where the term urban jungle is given new meaning. In this area, macaque monkeys have taken control.
Manila
Manila faces some of the world's worst urban problems but Buñuel quickly finds out there is an energetic and quirky side to city and its people.
Season 3
Indonesia
This explores Indonesia's culture and exports as well as creatures of its rainforest. It also questions the wisdom of some government and policy decisions.
Somalia
It starts with the Somalia capital Mogadishu where the fight goes on between Islamist revolutionist and the government forces. The theatre of war is shown. Then the program follows the puntland where it is shown how the government is battling the sea piracy in the gulf of Aden. Then it shows the Somaliland where Buñuel is without guards where it is totally different from the other parts of the country.
Kazakhstan
It starts with Astana the capital of Kazakhstan, followed by a visit to soviet nuclear town of Semipalatinsk. It shows how the country is developing and advancing towards new Kazakhstan.
Russia
This deals with Russia after the fall of communism. Topics include materialism, the arms trade and the vast land between Moscow and Siberia.
Wild Wild West
The episode deals with the USA-Mexico border fence cutting off American soil and the world's first commercial spaceport.
Season 4
Pakistan
Buñuel goes on a 2,000-kilometre journey across Pakistan, confronting prejudices about Pakistani religion and culture.
Antarctica
Buñuel spends 28 days in Antarctica, finding shelter and friends in the zero emission base that 27 scientists call home.
Central America
Buñuel takes a journey through the war-ravaged countries of Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador and Nicaragua.
Ukraine
Buñuel explores Ukraine?
Thailand
From the city streets of Bangkok to the remote villages where residents have formed vigilante groups to fight terrorist groups, Buñuel explores Thailand.
References
External links
Official site
National Geographic (American TV channel) original programming
William F. Hooley (16 April 1861 – 12 October 1918) was a British-born American bass singer and pioneer recording artist who was popular as a solo singer, as a monologist, and as a member of several of the most successful vocal groups of the early twentieth century, including The Haydn Quartet and The American Quartet.
Biography
Hooley was born in Whitechapel, London, England, to a family of Irish origin. Although his son claimed that William was born in Cork, Ireland, a suggestion repeated elsewhere, the claim is disproved by other evidence. He moved to the US as a child, and lived at first in Lynn, Massachusetts, later moving to Nyack, New York.
He sang in church choirs, glee clubs and operettas from the 1880s, and from about 1896 began recording as part of the Edison Quartet, with John Bieling, Samuel Holland Rous (who performed as S. H. Dudley), and Jere Mahoney. After Mahoney was replaced by John Scantlebury Macdonald, who used the pseudonym Harry Macdonough, they took the name The Haydn Quartet in order to record for companies other than Edison. Hooley was also, for a short time, the manager of the Excelsior Phonograph Company and then the president of the American Phonograph Company, makers of phonograph cylinders. However, neither venture was successful.
He made solo recordings, both as a bass singer — finding commercial success with his rendition of the "Gypsy Love Song" from the Broadway musical The Fortune Teller in 1899 — and as a monologist. In 1899 he recorded popular recitations of "The Sermon on the Mount", "Mother Goose Rhymes," and "Death and Burial of Cock Robin." The following year he recorded "Lincoln's Speech at Gettysburg", and a series of recordings for children in which he recited fairy stories. Hooley was also a member of the Lyric Trio, which initially comprised himself, John C. Havens and Estella Mann, and later, after 1901, consisted of Hooley, Harry Macdonough and Grace Spencer.
Hooley also recorded as a member of The American Quartet. This was formed in 1909 by Victor Records to provide a new showcase for their star singer, Billy Murray, who took the lead role. The other group members, with Murray and Hooley, were John Bieling and Steve Porter. The group's recordings again became popular, their early successes including "Casey Jones" (1910), "Call Me Up Some Rainy Afternoon" (with Ada Jones, 1910), "Oh, You Beautiful Doll" (1911), and "Moonlight Bay" (1912). From 1914, Hooley also recorded as part of the Orpheus Quartet, which included Harry Macdonough, Reinald Werrenrath, and Lambert Murphy; and as a member of the Heidelberg Quintet, which comprised the four members of the American Quartet together with counter-tenor Will Oakland.
Hooley made his final recordings in August 1918. He died later that year, "suddenly and inexplicably". at the age of 57.
References
External links
William F. Hooley recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings.
1861 births
1918 deaths
Deaths from Spanish flu
Pioneer recording artists
American basses
Victor Records artists
Edison Records artists
Musicians from London
Singers from New York (state)
19th-century American male singers
Ben Malena (born May 29, 1992) is a Canadian football running back for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Dallas Cowboys after the 2014 NFL Draft. He played college football at Texas A&M.
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
On May 12, 2014, Malena signed with the Dallas Cowboys. On August 9, 2014, he was waived.
Houston Texans
On August 29, 2014, Malena was signed to the Houston Texans' practice squad. On December 29, 2014, Malena signed a reserve/future contract with the Houston Texans. On May 8, 2015, he was waived.
Dallas Cowboys (second stint)
On May 15, 2015, Malena signed with the Dallas Cowboys. On September 5, 2015, he was waived.
On December 2, 2015, Malena signed to the Dallas Cowboys' practice squad. On January 4, 2016, Malena signed a reserve/future contract with the Dallas Cowboys. On May 6, 2016, he was waived.
Toronto Argonauts
On September 14th, 2016, Malena signed with the Argonauts.
Personal life
At Texas A&M University, Malena majored in recreation, parks, and tourism science.
References
1992 births
Living people
American football running backs
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football running backs
Dallas Cowboys players
Houston Texans players
People from Cedar Hill, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
Sportspeople from the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
Texas A&M Aggies football players
Toronto Argonauts players
George Crabbie was a Scottish rugby union player.
He was capped once for in 1904. He also played for Edinburgh Academicals.
He was the brother of John Crabbie who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
The snowy-throated babbler (Stachyris oglei) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae. It is found in mountains of far Northeast India, i.e. northeast Assam and southeast Arunachal Pradesh.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
snowy-throated babbler
Birds of Northeast India
snowy-throated babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mark W. Bullard (September 24, 1822 – July 18, 1902), also known as M. W. Bullard, was an American pioneer who established homesteads in Oregon and Washington state. As a young man, he traveled from his family home in Vermont to California and then on to Oregon and Washington. He eventually settled in what is now Pacific County, Washington. He served in the Washington territorial militia during a regional Indian war in the mid-1850s. After the war, he moved to the Goose Lake Valley in south central Oregon. While there, he donated property to establish a new town that became Lakeview, Oregon, the county seat of Lake County. He later returned to his farm in Pacific County, Washington.
Early life
Bullard was born in Stockbridge, Vermont on September 24, 1822. His parents were Mark and Abigail (Whitcomb) Bullard. He grew up with three brothers and one sister.
In 1849, Bullard left Stockbridge with his brother Job, heading for America's west coast. He traveled from Vermont to New York, where he booked passage on the steamship Restless bound for San Francisco. The journey took Bullard around the Cape Horn, arriving in San Francisco on 1 May 1850.
West coast pioneer
After arriving in California, Bullard and his brother mined gold in the area around the American River before heading north to Oregon. They initially settled in Milwaukie, Oregon. After a year in that area, they left to begin mining along the Rogue River in southern Oregon.
In 1853, the brothers moved north again, this time to what is now Pacific County, Washington. They started logging in the Stuart Slough area; however, their business was not very successful. As a result, both brothers decided to take up homestead claims in the Willapa Valley near what is now the community of Menlo, where they began farming. A short time later, their brother Seth traveled from Vermont to join them.
In 1855, Bullard joined the Washington militia to fight in a regional Indian war that lasted through 1856. He served as a private for six months in Company C (Mounted Rangers) of the 2nd Regiment, Washington Territorial Volunteers. His company was commanded by Captain Benjamin L. Henness with Colonel Benjamin Franklin Shaw as his regimental commander. During his service time, Bullard fought in several battles including a major engagement near Walla Walla in eastern Washington. When his enlistment expired, Bullard returned to his farm in Pacific County.
In 1860, a farmhand working on Bullard's farm quit his job and demanded to be paid off in cash. Bullard did not want to pay in cash and an argument ensued. The employee drew his knife just as Bullard's brother, Seth, come upon the scene. Seth attempted to disarm the man and was stabbed to death in the struggle.
After about a decade of farming in Pacific County, Bullard returned to the east coast to visit friends and family. He returned by steamship with an overland leg across the Isthmus of Panama, stopping in San Francisco before finally arriving in Astoria, Oregon in December 1862. Bullard kept a daily journal of his east to west return trip.
Lakeview founder
In 1869, Bullard moved to the Goose Lake Valley in south central Oregon. He was one of the first settlers to make his home in the valley. His first land claim was patented in January 1871. It included located along what is now Bullard Creek near the mouth of Bullard Canyon at the north end of the valley. Bullard later acquired a second land grant. His farm was mostly meadow land covered with tall native grass. Because of the lush environment, a wide range of wildlife was common on his land. Bullard enclosed his property with a crude fence and an irrigation ditch. He built a simple three-room log house on the property. The cabin had a living room for cooking and sleeping. The second room was used as a storage area and wood shed. The third area was a built-in livestock barn.
In 1874, the Oregon legislature created Lake County (which at that time, included today's Lake County and neighboring Klamath County) from what had previously been eastern Jackson County. Linkville (now Klamath Falls, Oregon) was designated as the temporary county seat pending an election scheduled for 5 June 1876. Settlers in the Goose Lake Valley on the eastern side of the new county outnumbered those on the west side near Upper Klamath Lake; however, there was no town on the east side of the county while the west side had Linkville. To remedy this, Bullard offered to donate to establish a new town at the north end of the Goose Lake Valley.
In the June election, most of the residents from the Klamath Lake area voted to keep the county seat at Linkville while east side residents voted for a variety of location in the Goose Lake Valley. The final vote was 120 votes for Bullard Creek, 88 votes for Linkville. However, a large number of voters wrote-in other names like Bullard's Creek, Bullard Ranch, Goose Lake, and Goose Lake Valley. As a result, no site got a majority of the votes. In a community meeting on 10 August, residents of the Goose Lake Valley agreed that all the Bullard/Goose Lake related names should be counted as Bullard Creek votes. However, the county clerk in Linkville disagreed and ordered a new election. The second election was held on 7 November 1876. By then, residents of the Goose Lake Valley had decided to build the town of Lakeview at the Bullard Creek site and a rural post office had been established at the Bullard Ranch. In the November election, Lake County voters selected Lakeview over Linkville to be the county seat by a vote of 242 to 181.
On 7 December 1876, Bullard transferred the parcel to Lake County and a two-story courthouse was built on the site. A short time later, Bullard sold his remaining to John A. Moon, one of his neighbors. After Moon purchased Bullard's property, he paid Frank Cheesman to survey the town site, and then filed an official plat for the town of Lakeview on 25 May 1877. The town of Lakeview developed around the property Bullard donated for the Lake County courthouse.
Later life and legacy
Shortly after selling his Lake County property, Bullard returned to his farm in Pacific County, Washington. He resided on his own farm for a while and then lived with his brothers, Job and John, during his latter years. Bullard never married. He died on July 18, 1902 in Menlo, Washington.
Today, Bullard is considered the founder of Lakeview, Oregon since the town was originally built on and around the property he donated for the county courthouse. There is also a street in Lakeview named in his honor. For many years, there was also a grade school in Lakeview named after Bullard. Bullard Creek and Bullard Canyon are geographic features at the north end of the Goose Lake Valley that still bear his name.
References
External links
Oregon Blue Book history of Lake County History
Mark W. Bullard diary, 1862–1863
1822 births
1902 deaths
American city founders
People from Lakeview, Oregon
People from Pacific County, Washington
People from Windsor County, Vermont
Starokuyanovo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Bakalinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 379 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Starokuyanovo is located 11 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tokberdino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Jeff Chang may refer to:
Jeff Chang (journalist), American music journalist
Jeff Chang (singer) (born 1967), Taiwanese singer
See also
Geoffrey Chang, American biologist
Iosif Lengheriu (24 May 1914 – 11 September 1991) was a Romanian footballer and manager.
International career
Iosif Lengheriu played seven games at international level for Romania, making his debut in a friendly which ended with a 1–0 loss against Italy.
Honours
Player
Rapid București
Cupa României: 1936–37, 1937–38, 1938–39, 1939–40, 1940–41, 1941–42
Manager
Farul Constanța
Divizia B: 1957–58
Foresta Fălticeni
Cupa României runner-up: 1966–67
Notes
References
External links
Iosif Lengheriu player profile at Labtof.ro
Iosif Lengheriu manager profile at Labtof.ro
1914 births
1991 deaths
Romanian footballers
Romania international footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
Liga II players
FC Unirea Alba Iulia players
ACF Gloria Bistrița players
FC Rapid București players
Romanian football managers
FC Rapid București managers
FCV Farul Constanța managers
People from Alba County
Factotum is a 2005 French-Norwegian dark comedy-drama film co-written and directed by Bent Hamer, adapted from the 1975 novel of the same name by Charles Bukowski. It stars Matt Dillon as Bukowski's alter ego, Henry Chinaski. Although events in the book take place in Los Angeles in the 1940s, the film has a contemporary setting.
Plot
Henry 'Hank' Chinaski (Matt Dillon) is working toward becoming a writer while struggling with alcoholism and holding various menial jobs. The film follows Chinaski as he works at, and gets fired from, various jobs, which include cleaning a massive sculpture, delivering ice, working at a pickle factory, and at a bicycle supply warehouse. In the course of sampling the smorgasbord of short-lived occupations, he meets up with assorted eccentric, frequently alcoholic characters.
The first woman Chinaski meets in a bar becomes his most consistent companion throughout the film. Jan (Lili Taylor), like Chinaski, is an alcoholic. He moves in and becomes her lover and drinking partner. They co-exist comfortably in languid squalor until Chinaski becomes upset after an altercation where he beats a wealthy man at the racing track who refuses to give up his seat. Initially polite, Chinaski assaults the man after Jan challenges his behavior. Soon after, Chinaski leaves Jan.
Unemployed again and scoring his next drink, Hank meets another female barfly, Laura (Marisa Tomei), who feels sorry for Chinaski and helps him procure alcohol with the help of her wealthy "sugar daddy" Pierre, an eccentric older man. After a strange misadventure on Pierre's boat, Chinaski briefly returns to Jan, who is now working as a chambermaid at a hotel. A pivotal scene occurs with Jan after Chinaski discovers that he has caught a case of the "crabs" from her. Chinaski gains work but quickly loses his job after deciding to drink instead of completing cleaning a large statue.
Chinaski and Jan again break up after realizing their relationship has become boring and predictable and that they no longer really need each other. Jan moves in with a wealthy man who was the person assaulted before by Chinaski. By the film's end Chinaski finds that he is the most comfortable being alone with just his alcohol and his writing to keep him company. In the final scene Chinaski justifies his lifestyle. While drinking, and watching a topless pole dancer, he describes the costs, persistence needed, and rewards of writing. In voiceover he says, "If you're going to try, go all the way. Otherwise, don't even start. This could mean losing girlfriends, wives, relatives and maybe even your mind... You will be alone with the gods, and the nights will flame with fire. You will ride life straight to perfect laughter. It's the only good fight there is."
Cast
Matt Dillon as Henry Chinaski
Lili Taylor as Jan
Marisa Tomei as Laura
Bruce Bohne as Gas Station Owner
Adrienne Shelly as Jerry
Fisher Stevens as Manny
Karen Young as Grace
Didier Flamand as Pierre
Punnavith Koy as Actor
Production
The film is principally a French-Norwegian co-production, although with an American cast. It was released in Norway in 2005 and distributed in the U.S. by IFC Films in 2006. It was released on DVD in the U.S. on 26 December 2006.
Bukowski's picaresque novel, also titled Factotum, was published in 1975. The book and the film both center on the character of Henry Chinaski, Bukowski's alter ego, who appears in much of his fiction. Although events in the book take place in Los Angeles in the 1940s, the film has a contemporary setting, and was shot in the twin cities of Minneapolis–Saint Paul, Minnesota, including the then-vacant Fairmont Hotel on Hennepin Avenue and Palmer's Bar on the West Bank.
Bukowski's poems
The script also makes use of Bukowski's poems published in What Matters Is How Well You Walk Through the Fire and The Days Run Aways Like Horses Over the Hill, and some of Bukowski's notebook entries published in The Captain Is Out to Lunch and the Sailors Have Taken Over the Ship. For example, Matt Dillon reads the poem "Roll the Dice" (from What Matters Is How Well You Walk Through the Fire) in a voiceover at the end of the film.
Awards
Nominee Best Director - Norwegian Academy Awards (Bent Hamer)
Winner Best Director - Copenhagen International Film Festival (Bent Hamer)
Winner Best Actress - Copenhagen International Film Festival (Lili Taylor)
Winner Best Supporting Actress - San Diego Film Critics Society (Lili Taylor)
Nominee Golden Spike - Valladolid International Film Festival (Bent Hamer)
References
External links
Factotum Quotes
2005 films
2005 comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
2000s English-language films
English-language French films
English-language Norwegian films
Films about alcoholism
Films about writers
Films based on works by Charles Bukowski
Films directed by Bent Hamer
Films set in the United States
Films shot in Minnesota
French comedy-drama films
Norwegian comedy-drama films
2005 comedy films
2005 drama films
2000s American films
2000s French films
Oswego Public Library (OPL) is a Carnegie Library located in Oswego, Kansas, United States. It is a member of the Southeast Kansas Library System, a consortium of over 100 independent libraries in Southeast Kansas that provides services to member libraries such as inter-library loan.
History
The local library association that would later become Oswego Public Library was formed in 1867.
In the early 20th Century they petitioned Andrew Carnegie, and in 1912 the original library building was constructed at 704 Fourth Street in Oswego, Kansas at the cost of $5,000. The library building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987, and when the building was expanded with a grant in 1995, great care was taken to preserve the historic architecture stylings of the building. In 2006 the Southeast Kansas Library System announced Oswego Public Library had won its "Library Makeover," a grant project worth over US$15,000 for interior re-design. Under the direction of OPL Librarian/Director Elizabeth Turner, the project was completed on-time and under budget by the summer of 2007.
Funding
OPL receives funding from memorials, the city of Oswego, Kansas, the Southeast Kansas Library System, as well as the State of Kansas.
Services
Oswego Public Library provides library cards free of charge to local residents, provided they can provide proof-of-residency.
The Library has a collection of over 16,000 fiction and non-fiction books, with specialized areas for young children's, teen, and adult fiction, as well as research areas for non-fiction. OPL also boasts an impressive five-year catalog of back issues of all of its nearly fifty magazine subscriptions, providing patrons with a wealth of periodical literature for research and pleasure. Hundreds of current CDs, DVDs, Books on Tape, and Books on CD are also available for checkout.
OPL works with the State Library of Kansas and provides related services, such as Kansas State Library Cards.
In the late 2000s, OPL received its first two Gates Foundation computers for Patron Access. Since then, those machines have been supplemented by other library technology purchases and at least two more Gates machines. In total, the library provides seven computers for patron access, including a laptop for use inside the library. OPL also offers free 802.11b/g Wi-Fi and low-cost printing.
The Library has used an automated cataloging system since 1990, one of the first in the area to do so.
Library makeover project
In 2006 the Southeast Kansas Library System announced that Oswego Public Library had won a US$15,000 grant for an interior redesign. Along with a US$7,000 pledge from the Oswego Public Library library board, this idea became known as "Project OSWEGO" and yielded great results, including a new young adult section, an entirely redesigned children's area, complete with a life-size tree sculpture. A coffee house style reading area, complete with daily national and regional newspapers and weekly newspapers, pub seating, and an adequate selection of coffees and teas, was also added.
KOHA Transition
In 2009 the Library announced it would be moving in October to the Koha library automation system, thus providing patrons with off-site online access to library services, including inter-library loan and book reservation. When the transition is complete, a patron receiving a library card at one participating Southeast Kansas Library System Library will be able to check out materials at any other participating SEKLS Library.
As of the summer of 2010, OPL staff had completed the transition. Oswego Public Library patrons may use their library cards at any other participating Southeast Kansas Library System library.
References
External links
Library Homepage
Southeast Kansas Library System Homepage
Library buildings completed in 1912
Buildings and structures in Oswego, Kansas
Carnegie libraries in Kansas
Oswego, Kansas
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Public libraries in Kansas
1912 establishments in Kansas
1867 establishments in Kansas
National Register of Historic Places in Labette County, Kansas
Neither Blood nor Sand () is a 1941 Mexican comedy film directed by Alejandro Galindo and starring Cantinflas, Susana Guízar and Elvia Salcedo. It was intended as a parody of the big-budget Hollywood film Blood and Sand, which portrays the world of bullfighting.
It was Cantinflas' second full feature film, and its popularity cemented his rising success. He did not get on well with the film's director, but bonded with his assistant Miguel M. Delgado who became his favourite director and directed many of his films. Cantinflas rapidly followed the film with another success, The Unknown Policeman.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Jorge Fernandez.
Cast
Cantinflas as Cantinflas / Manolete
Susana Guízar as Anita
Elvia Salcedo as Lupita
Pedro Armendáriz as Frank
Alfredo del Diestro as Don Ramón
Fernando Soto as Charifas
Miguel Inclán as Jefe de Policía
Paz Villegas as Doña Remedios
Salvador Quiroz as Don Pancho
Arturo Soto Rangel as Juez
References
Bibliography
Mora, Carl J. Mexican Cinema: Reflections of a Society, 1896–2004. McFarland & Co, 2005.
External links
1941 comedy films
1941 films
Mexican comedy films
1940s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Alejandro Galindo
Mexican black-and-white films
1940s Mexican films
The painted tody-flycatcher (Todirostrum pictum) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, the tyrant flycatchers. It is found in the Guianas of French Guiana, Guyana and Suriname; also eastern-southeastern Venezuela and the northeastern states of Brazil of the Amazon Basin.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
The painted tody-flycatcher is a medium to small bird, with a bright sulphur-yellow breast and small areas of white-black sides; it has a jet-black head, white on the upper neck, and mostly black wings with yellow feathers, and some white feathers. It has a medium to long, strong black bill, and a white spot above to cere between the eyes.
Range in the Guianas, northeastern Amazon Basin
The range of the painted tody-flycatcher is centered on the Guianas, and the Guiana Shield countries bordering the northeast Amazon Basin. The contiguous range is only north of the Amazon River and extends northwestwards into southeast and eastern Venezuela.
The range in Venezuela is limited to the upstream regions of the Caribbean north-flowing Orinoco River; it occurs on the downstream, eastern banks of the Orinoco River drainage to the Caribbean, away from the river proper by about 100 km. In Venezuela's eastern neighboring Roraima state Brazil, the range is complete; the area to the west, extreme northeast Amazonas state, the painted tody-flycatcher's range is limited to the northeast banks of the Rio Negro.
At the Amazon River outlet to the Atlantic Ocean, the species' range is all of the northeastern state of Amapá with neighboring French Guiana and the Atlantic Ocean.
References
External links
Painted tody-flycatcher photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
painted tody-flycatcher
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Venezuela
painted tody-flycatcher
painted tody-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
A subsatellite, also known as a submoon, or moonmoon, is a "moon of a moon" or a hypothetical natural satellite that orbits the moon of a planet.
It is inferred from the empirical study of natural satellites in the Solar System that subsatellites may be rare, albeit possible, elements of planetary systems. In the Solar System, the giant planets have large collections of natural satellites. The majority of detected exoplanets are giant planets; at least one, Kepler-1625b, may have a very large exomoon, named Kepler-1625b I, which could theoretically host a subsatellite. Nonetheless, aside from human-launched satellites in temporary lunar orbit, no notable subsatellite is known in the Solar System or beyond. In most cases, the tidal effects of the planet would make such a system unstable.
Terminology
Terms used in scientific literature for subsatellites include "submoons" and "moon-moons". Other terms that have been suggested include moonitos, moonettes, and moooons.
Possible natural instances
Rhea
The possible detection of a ring system around Saturn's natural satellite Rhea led to calculations that indicated that satellites orbiting Rhea would have stable orbits. The rings suspected were thought to be narrow, a phenomenon normally associated with shepherd moons; however, targeted images taken by the Cassini spacecraft failed to detect any subsatellites or rings associated with Rhea, at least no particles larger than a few millimeters.
Iapetus
It has also been proposed that Saturn's satellite Iapetus possessed a subsatellite in the past; this is one of several hypotheses that have been put forward to account for its unusual equatorial ridge.
Kiviuq
Light-curve analysis suggests that Saturn's irregular satellite Kiviuq is extremely prolate, and is likely a contact binary or even a binary moon.
Artificial subsatellites
Historical
Many spacecraft have orbited the Moon, including crewed craft of the Apollo program. , none have orbited any other moons. In 1988, the Soviet Union unsuccessfully attempted to put two robotic probes on quasi-orbits around the Martian moon Phobos.
Current
Launched June 18, 2009, the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO) is a NASA robotic spacecraft currently orbiting the Moon in an eccentric polar mapping orbit. Data collected by LRO have been described as essential for planning NASA's future human and robotic missions to the Moon. Its detailed mapping program is identifying safe landing sites, locating potential resources on the Moon, characterizing the radiation environment, and demonstrating new technologies.
Future planned artificial moon satellites
The interplanetary spacecraft JUICE currently in development will enter an orbit around Ganymede in 2032, becoming the first spacecraft to orbit a moon other than Earth's.
Additionally, the multi-agency supported Lunar Gateway human-rated space station is due to begin construction in 2024 in a near-rectilinear halo orbit (NRHO), primarily in support of the later stage NASA Artemis program missions to Earth's moon. Lunar Gateway will also potentially support future missions to Mars and outlying asteroids.
CAPSTONE is a project launched in June 2022. Composed of a 12-unit collection of CubeSats which will spend a few months in transit to the moon, once arrived they will spend about 9 months in the moons near rectilinear halo orbit. CAPSTONE is intended to test and verify the viability of the planned NRHO of planned future Lunar Gateway and it's communication efficiency.
With a planned launch no earlier than 2022, the Lunar Flashlight is a low-cost CubeSat lunar orbiter mission to explore, locate, and estimate size and composition of water ice deposits on the Moon for future exploitation by robots or humans from a polar orbit. Originally scheduled to launch alongside Artemis 1, Lunar Flashlight missed the integration window, and as of 2022 has to find an alternative ride to the Moon.
In fiction
In Planet 51, the titular planet is orbited by a moon with a Saturn-like ring system.
Dumb Martian, a short story by John Wyndham, mostly takes place on Jupiter IV/II, a sub-moon of Callisto (see The Seeds of Time).
In Star Wars, the moon Ajan Kloss has two moons of its own.
See also
Binary asteroid
Minor-planet moon
Moons of Jupiter
Moons of Neptune
Moons of Saturn
Moons of Uranus
Satellite system (astronomy)
References
External links
Shadow Moons: The Unknown Sub-Worlds that Might Harbor Life
Likely First Photo of Planet Beyond the Solar System
Working Group on Extrasolar Planets – Definition of a "Planet" Position statement on the definition of a planet. (IAU)
The Hunt for Exomoons with Kepler (HEK): I. Description of a New Observational Project
Moons
Hypothetical moons
Fernando Villapol Parapar (born 26 February 1953 in San Tirso de Abres, Asturias Spain) is a museum curator and art critic, most famous as a contemporary Galician sculptor. He currently lives and works in the town of Bretoña (Lugo) located in Galicia. He is also the founder of the Ethnographic-Pedagogic Museum in Bretoña. He studied at the College of Applied Arts in Lugo, Spain, although you can be considered an autodidact, attributing most of his knowledge and acquired skills through his self-funded travels and investigations of sculpture across the globe (e.g. Africa, Cuba, Canada, Denmark, France, Greece, Italy, Norway, Portugal, Sweden).
Materials of choice
Villapol's sculptures embody a wide variety of materials, including but not limited to:
metal (iron, bronze)
wood (Galician common yew, oak, Spanish box tree, chestnut tree)
stone (marble, granite).
Artistic style
Critics of Villapol's work often define his sculptures as one or combination of: realism, abstractism, and surrealism. The artist has been said to be inspired by works from Diego Velázquez, Urbano Lugrís, Eugenio Granell, and Salvador Dalí. More recently, critics have suggested that Villapol's style cannot be defined by any one of these labels but as a fusion of all three: REalism + ABstractism + SUrrealism. This has been recently stated by the artist himself:
Awards and distinctions
Arte de Meigas e Trasnos Prize (Sarria, Spain, 1990)
Lugo Plastic Arts Award (Lugo, Spain, 1994 )
Cangas do Morrazo Prize (Cangas, Spain, 2004–2006 )
10th Burela Art Competition, awarded 1st prize in sculpture (Burela, Spain, 2005)
Luarca Arts award (Luarca, Spain, 2006 )
Ethnographic-Pedagogic Museum
The museum was founded and is curated by Villapol in 2002 houses a wide display of rural Galician culture and contemporary Galician art. The pieces from local folk history show the evolution of the various important trades in the district: clog maker, baker, carpenter, shoemaker, basket weaver, and farming. There are also education displays which show a typical Galician school, doctor's office, dentist's office, chemist as they were seen in the 19th century. Additionally, the museum contains original manuscripts by Otero Pedrayo, Vicente Risco, Bouza Brey, Antonio Fraguas, Iglesia Alvariño, Camilo García Trelles, González Garcés, and Castroviejo, as well as a wide collection of paintings from contemporary Galician artists: Urbano Lugrís, Laxeiro, Castrogil, Vilar Chao, Mariano Garcia Patiño and Mayor Balboa. Also, the museum also boasts a collection of over 2000 authentic Galician and Asturian soda syphon bottles.
Public collections
Provincial Museum of Lugo (Lugo, Spain)
Ethnographic-Pedagogic Museum (Bretoña, Lugo, Spain)
Museum of Fonsagrada (Lugo, Spain)
Selected solo exhibitions
González Garcés Library (A Coruña, Spain)
Provincial Museum of Lugo (Lugo, Spain)
Museum of Fonsagrada (Fonsagrada, Lugo, Spain)
Ateneo of Ourense (Ourense, Spain)
Provincial Library of Lugo (Lugo, Spain)
Esmelgar Gallery
Almirante Gallery
Bacabú Gallery (Lugo, Spain)
Sargadelos Gallery (Vigo, Spain)
Eiros Gallery (Meira, Spain)
Solloso Gallery (Ribadeo, Spain)
Taramundi Cultural Center (Taramundi, Asturias, Spain)
A Guardia Cultural Center (Pontevedra, Spain)
San Tirso Cultural Center (San Tirso de Abres, Asturias, Spain)
Puerta II Gallery (Lugo, Spain)
Cangas do Morrazo Cultural Center (Pontevedra, Spain)
Grisolart Gallery ( Barcelona, Spain)
Magdalena Church in Rivadavia (Ourense, Spain)
University of Sek (Segovia, Spain)
Salnés Exhibition (Cambados, Pontevedra, Spain)
El Vendrell (Tarragona, Spain)
Vegadeo Cultural Center (Vegadeo, Asturias, Spain)
Burela Cultural Center (Burela, Lugo, Spain)
Alvaro Delgado de Luarca Gallery (Luarca, Asturias, Spain)
Cajastur Bank Exhibit (throughout Asturias, Spain)
Antique Museum (París, France)
Pazo Melgaso (Portugal)
Ribadeo Exhibition (Lugo)
References
External links
Fernando Villapol's website
Ethnographic-Pedagogic Museum website
1953 births
Living people
20th-century sculptors
21st-century sculptors
Spanish sculptors
Spanish male sculptors
Sculptors from Galicia (Spain)
People from Asturias
FRW may refer to:
FRW, currency symbol for the Rwandan franc
FRW metric, one name for an exact solution of Einstein's field equations of general relativity
Federation of Rural Workers, a former Irish trade union
Friction welding, a solid-state welding process
Front Row Wrestling, an American wrestling promotion
FRW, station code for the Fairwater railway station, Cardiff, Wales
FRW, SAME code for a fire warning in the United States
FRW, IATA airport code for Francistown Airport, Botswana
FRW, IATA airline designator for the defunct Bechuanaland National Airways based in Francistown
The Trebeș is a right tributary of the river Bistrița in Romania. It discharges into the Bistrița in Bacău. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Bacău County
The 2015–16 Rhode Island Rams basketball team represented the University of Rhode Island during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Rams, led by fourth year head coach Dan Hurley, played their home games at the Ryan Center and were members of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 17–15, 9–9 in A-10 play to finish in seventh place. They lost in the second round of the A-10 Tournament to Massachusetts.
Previous season
The Rams finished the 2014–15 season 23–10, 13–5 in A-10 play to finish in a tie for second place. They advanced to the semifinals of the A-10 Tournament where they lost to Dayton. They were invited to the National Invitation Tournament where they defeated Iona in the first round before losing in the second round to Stanford.
Departures
Incoming Transfers
Incoming recruits
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#75B2DD; color:#002b7f;"| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#75B2DD; color:#002b7f;"| Atlantic 10 regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#75B2DD; color:#002b7f;"| Atlantic 10 Tournament
See also
2015–16 Rhode Island Rams women's basketball team
References
Rhode Island Rams men's basketball seasons
Rhode Island
Dana Park is a small urban park in Albany, New York and includes a memorial to James Dana which doubles as Albany's last remaining horse trough. It is located in the Y-intersection caused by Delaware Avenue to the east and Lark Street to the west, with the third leg of the triangle formed by Dana Avenue. Madison Avenue forms a five-point intersection with Lark Street and Delaware Avenue at the eastern end of the park. The park is important to several different neighborhoods, Hudson-Park, Park South, and Lark Street.
History
In December, 1826 the Common Council of Albany decided that at the end of the lease of the current property holder of Delaware Square, the square would become a public square. The park was dedicated on Arbor Day 1901 as Dana Park by Mayor Blessing, in honor of James Dwight Dana, a renowned geologist from Utica. The Dana Natural History Society of Albany, a woman only science organization begun in 1868, erected an ornate fountain at the eastern end of the park in 1903. The fountain was a trough to water horses and was used until the late 1940s, the horses pulling the bread wagons of the Freihofer's Baking Company were the last known to use it until the fountain was hooked back to the city water main in 1988 for use by the Albany Police Department's mounted patrol unit.
Dana Memorial
The Dana Memorial is a granite memorial to geologist James Dwight Dana which includes the last remaining horse trough in the city. The memorial is carved with features of trilobites, crinoids, and eurypterid. It was erected in 1903 by the Dana Natural History Society, which today is the oldest female naturalist association in the United States. The fountain is also used to collect water for watering a small garden in the middle of the park.
Activities
A farmer's market is held every Thursday during the summer.
A Little Free Library book box is located within Dana Park, providing the community with a free book-sharing program.
References
External links
Parks in Albany, New York
Urban public parks
Henri Gutierrez (3 February 1883 – 5 May 1955) was a French athlete. He competed in the men's long jump at the 1908 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1883 births
1955 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
French male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of France
Place of birth missing
Christopher Kas (born 13 June 1980) is a retired German tennis player.
Ka has a career-high ATP singles ranking of world No. 224, which he achieved in November 2002. He also has a career-high doubles ranking of world No. 17, achieved in February 2012.
Kas reached 20 double finals on the ATP Tour posting a record of 5 wins and 15 losses with an array of partners.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he finished in fourth place in mixed doubles alongside Sabine Lisicki. In January 2015, Sabine appointed him to her coaching team.
In 2022, Kas coaches German tennis player Jule Niemeier. They reached together 2022 the quarterfinals at Wimbledon.
Olympic medal matches
Mixed doubles: 1 bronze medal match (0–1)
ATP career finals
Doubles: 20 (5 titles, 15 runner-ups)
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 2 (1–1)
Doubles: 38 (28–10)
Performance timelines
Doubles
Mixed doubles
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
German male tennis players
German tennis coaches
People from Traunstein (district)
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
Tennis players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic tennis players of Germany
Tennis people from Bavaria
13th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1826, the 13th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 13th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1916 Nova Scotia general election, the 35th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 36th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 13th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
Joshua Lloyd Ginnelly (born 24 March 1997) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Heart of Midlothian.
Primarily a left winger, Ginnelly began his career in the Aston Villa youth system before later joining Shrewsbury Town, Burnley, Walsall, and Heart of Midlothian. Only sporadically making first team appearances for his contracted club, Ginnelly has spent a number of years on loan at different clubs, including Altrincham, Lincoln City, Tranmere Rovers, and Bristol Rovers.
Club career
Shrewsbury Town
Born in Nuneaton, England, Ginnelly began his career at Aston Villa, where he spent seven years. Following his release from the Aston Villa youth system, Ginnelly began a two-year scholarship with Shrewsbury Town in 2013.
At the start of his Shrewsbury Town career, Ginnelly was immediately assigned to the club's youth team. He quickly impressed for the youth side, and subsequently was called up to the first team by manager Michael Jackson. Ginnelly appeared as an unused substitute in the last game of the season, in a 1–1 draw against Gillingham.
Ginnelly made his Football League debut under manager Micky Mellon on 30 August 2014, coming on as a late substitute for James Collins in a 2–0 win over Luton Town at the New Meadow. After the match, he said making his professional debut was a "dream come true". Local newspaper, Shropshire Star, praised Ginnelly's performance for his technical ability, quoting: "bringing down a long ball with his first touch before showing ambition by taking on two Luton defenders." However, Ginnelly only appeared two more times later in the 2014–15 season. He was awarded the club's Youth Player of the Year at the award ceremony.
He was offered his first professional contract in March 2015, but he failed to return to training the following pre-season with his contract situation unresolved.
Burnley
Ginnelly was reported to be having trials with Norwich City, and Burnley, and joined the latter for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal on 10 August 2015.
Ginnelly was released by Burnley following the expiration of his contract after three years at the club, without making a first team appearance for the side.
Altrincham (loan)
On 8 January 2016, Ginnelly joined National League side Altrincham on an initial one-month loan. He made his debut on 23 January 2016 in a 5–0 win over Grimsby Town, playing the entire game. Ginnelly scored his first goal for the club three days later in a 3–1 win over Woking. He then scored two goals in two matches between 9 February 2016 and 13 February 2016 against Wrexham and Lincoln City respectively. During a match against Barrow on 12 March 2016, Ginnelly was the subject of racist abuse by opposition fans, prompting a police investigation. Despite this, he had his loan spell at the club extended until the end of the season, having previously extended the previous month. Ginnelly scored two more goals later in the season as he went on to make twenty appearances and scored five times in all competitions – Altrincham were however still relegated from the division.
Walsall (loan)
On 28 July 2016, Ginnelly signed for Football League One side Walsall on loan until January 2017. He made his Walsall debut on 30 August 2016, a 72nd-minute substitute, in a 5–2 win over Grimsby Town in the Football League Trophy. He spent much of the start of the season on the bench, finally making his league debut on 15 October 2016 in a 3–2 victory over his former club Shrewsbury. His performance earned him a run of games for the club, however he returned to Burnley in January 2017 having failed to make an appearance since November.
Lincoln City (loan)
On 30 January 2017, Ginnelly signed for National League leaders Lincoln City on loan until the end of the season. He made his Lincoln City debut, playing the whole game (and played a role that led to Terell Thomas scoring an own goal), in a 3–2 win over Woking on 11 February 2017. He made a total of seventeen appearances in all competitions as Lincoln finished as champions.
On 26 June 2017, Ginnelly re-joined Lincoln City on a season long loan for the 2017–18 season. Ginnelly scored his first goal for Lincoln on the first day of the following season in a 2–2 draw with Wycombe Wanderers on 5 August 2017. After suffering ankle injury that kept him out throughout August, he returned from injury on 9 September 2017, where he came on as a substitute, in a 2–1 win over Stevenage. It wasn't until 7 November 2017 when he scored again in a 2–1 win over Notts County in the Football League Trophy. A month later, on 26 December 2017, Ginnelly scored his third goal of the season, in a 3–0 win over Stevenage. However, he appeared in and out of the starting eleven, and faced competition from other players, including loanee signing Danny Rowe. As a result, he was recalled by Burnley, making nineteen total appearances and scoring three times in his second loan spell at Lincoln City.
Tranmere Rovers (loan)
On 12 January 2018, he signed a loan deal with Tranmere Rovers until the end of the season. Ginnelly scored on his Tranmere Rovers debut eight days after joining the club, in a 3–2 win over Maidenhead United. Despite losing his first team place between late–March and mid–April, he returned to the starting lineup on 21 April 2018, in a 2–0 win over Halifax Town. In the play-off semi-final, Ginnelly scored in a 4–2 win over Ebbsfleet. Ginnelly played the entirety of the National League play-off final, helping the side beat Boreham Wood 2–1 at Wembley and ensuring the club's return to the EFL after a three-year absence. He went on to make 12 appearances and scoring two times for the side.
Walsall
After being released by Burnley at the end of the 2017–18 season, it was announced on 5 June 2018 that Ginnelly signed a one–year contract at former loan club Walsall. Upon joining the club, he revealed that Manager Dean Keates convinced him to re-join Walsall, citing his style of management.
Ginnelly's first game after re-signing for the club came in the opening game of the season, where he started the match and played 84 minutes, in a 2–1 win over Plymouth Argyle. It wasn't until 14 August 2018 when he scored his first goal for the club, in a 3–1 win over Tranmere Rovers in the first round of the League Cup. A week later, on 25 August 2018, Ginnelly scored again, in a 3–1 win over Rochdale. Ginnelly quickly became a first team regular, playing in an attacking role, and formed a partnership with Luke Leahy.
Preston North End
On 1 January 2019, he signed a two-and-a-half year contract with Preston North End for an undisclosed fee, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2020–21 season.
Bristol Rovers (loan)
Ginnelly joined League One club Bristol Rovers on a six-month loan deal on 16 January 2020.
Heart of Midlothian (loan)
On 2 September 2020, Ginnelly signed for then Scottish Championship club Heart of Midlothian on a season-long loan.
Heart of Midlothian
In June 2021, Josh Ginnelly signed a two-year contract with newly-promoted Hearts after being released by previous club Preston.
Career statistics
Honours
Lincoln City
National League: 2016–17
Tranmere Rovers
National League Playoffs: 2017-18
Hearts
Scottish Championship: 2020–21
Scottish Cup: runner-up 2019–20
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Footballers from Coventry
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
Burnley F.C. players
Altrincham F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
Lincoln City F.C. players
Tranmere Rovers F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Heart of Midlothian F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
The Great North Road is a large road tunnel in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It was constructed by the British military during World War II inside the Rock of Gibraltar and remains property of the Ministry of Defence to this day. The road allowed lorries to travel from the north to the south of Gibraltar entirely within the Rock. The tunnel still contains the remains of World War II buildings such as Nissen huts, kitchens, offices as well as a generating station and period anti-submarine nets.
Background
During World War II the British military constructed an underground bombproof city for 16,000 troops with enough supplies to last sixteen months, entirely within the Rock of Gibraltar. Facilities included a telephone exchange, a generating station, a water desalination plant, a hospital, a frozen food store, a bakery, ammunition magazines, a vast Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME) shed where damaged vehicles and equipment could be repaired and roads. The road was built within a tunnel started when the 180 Tunnelling Company of the Royal Engineers was created in 1940. The following year the 180 Company was joined by the 170 and 178 Companies.
The road tunnel
The tunnel starts at Maida Vale behind the old Casino at Europa Road and travels north behind the Rock Hotel to Brigade Headquarters and Doncaster Adit. At this point the road forks into several other minor tunnels dug to house kitchens and an ammunition magazine. The entrance to Wilson's Cave is also located here having been discovered while carrying out blasting the rock during the magazine's construction.
The wide road continues north where it joins the Raglan Battery Shelter. The tunnel would allow military lorries to travel within the Rock. The Great North Road ends at the now abandoned Calpe Hole Generating station; however, the tunnel system continues all the way to the north face of Gibraltar where the World War II tunnels join the Galleries dug out during the latter part of the 18th century, now known as the Great Siege Tunnels. With the addition of Fosse Way in 1944 it was also possible to travel from the tunnel system within the Northern Defences down the complete length of the Rock to emerge on the southeast side of Gibraltar.
After 1941 much of the spoil from mining was used for land reclamation into the Bay of Gibraltar to extend the runway of what is now Gibraltar International Airport to long and later to in length with a width of . Tunnelling created about 7,500 tons of spoil a day and the surplus was used for other land reclamation projects. The runway was required in order to carry out Operation Torch, the allied attack on French North Africa, from Gibraltar. In November 1942, U.S. General Dwight D. Eisenhower set up his headquarters within the Admiralty Tunnel to plan the Allied invasion of North Africa which would lead with the help of Montgomery's 8th Army to capturing the whole of North Africa.
After World War II
In 1956 a dinner was served within one of the Great North Road's large side chambers to celebrate the centenary of the formation of the Royal Engineers. It was an apt celebration as the Royal Engineers can trace their history back to the Soldier Artificer Company which was formed on the Rock to dig Gibraltar's first tunnels during its Great Siege.
Today the tunnel system remains Ministry of Defence property and they are used to training troops for subterranean work. Guided tours can be arranged to view the remains of the World War II installations such as the kitchens, Nissen huts, the abandoned generating station and anti-submarine nets which would have been used to close off Gibraltar Harbour to protect the Allied ships berthed there. The approximately two-hour tour normally starts at Maida Vale, at an entrance behind the old casino on Europa Road, and proceeds through several large chambers visiting Brigade Headquarters and continues for almost arriving at the Calpe Hole Generating Station.
References
Tunnels in Gibraltar
Road tunnels
Kaimana Regency is a regency in the south of West Papua province of Indonesia. It covers an area of 18,500 sq. km, and had a population of 46,249 at the 2010 Census and 62,256 at the 2020 Census. The administrative centre is the town of Kaimana. The Mairasi languages are spoken in the regency, among other languages.
Administrative Districts
The regency comprises seven districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages (desa and kelurahan) in each district and its post code.
Offshore Islands
Kaimana Regency contains over 500 separate offshore islands, spread over the five districts with coastlines. Kaimana District includes at least 280 islands, of which the largest are Pulau Namatota, Pulau Aiduma and Pulau Dramai. There are at least 62 islands in Teluk Etna District, of which the largest is Pulau Kayumerah. Teluk Arguni Bawah District includes 31 islands. There are 14 islands in Buruway District, of which the largest are Pulau Adi (the regency's largest offshore island, including the village of Manggawitu) and Pulau Kelimala. Kambrau District includes 4 islands.
Demographics
Ethnic Groups
The customs in Kaimana Regency, which because of its strategic location as a stopover (transit), have been influenced by culture from outside (social interaction) so that the indigenous values of this area have been acculturated by the surrounding cultural values. People who live in inland mountainous areas have not been much influenced by outside interactions, while residents of coastal areas have had a lot of this influence through marriage, music/dance and clothing. Most of the inhabitants of Kaimana Kota District are in the villages. The inhabitants of Kaimana District, who are local tribes, are the largest population, followed by non-indigenous people (who come from outside areas) who are scattered in several villages in the Kaimana Kota kelurahan, such as Seram and Kaki Air. The non-indigenous population in these two villages is a spontaneous migration of the population from Maluku and South Sulawesi and the island of Java, who live in a pattern of clustered settlements in separate pockets of settlement. Indigenous people are found in the villages inside and outside the urban kaimana kota. The indigenous tribes include the Irarutu, Mairasi, Kambrau and Kowiai. The distribution of the Irarutu tribe is in the southern area of the Kaimana city and the tribe originates from the Teluk Arguni District. The Mairasi tribe originates from the interior of the eastern part of Kaimana and spread across the North East coast of Kaimana District. The Kambrau tribe originates from the Teluk Kambrau District, Kaimana District and the Arguni Bay area and is spread across the southern and northern coasts of the Kaimana Kota kelurahan. The Koiwai tribe originates from the western area of Buruway District and the northern area of the Kaimana District. This tribe mostly inhabits archipelagic areas.
Religion
The composition of the religious adherents in Kaimana Regency is quite diverse, namely Protestantism, Islam, Catholicism, Hinduism and Buddhism. The condition of harmony and tolerance between religious communities is running quite well. Based on data released by the Kaimana Regency Government in 2021, as of January 1, 2021, the majority of the population is Islam, which is 50.63% (generally consists of local coastal Papuans combined with migrants from outside Papua). Religious followers Christianity are also quite large, namely 49.32% where Protestants are 39.98% and Catholic 9.34% (basically Papuans). While adherents of religion Hindu 0.06%.
Lengguru area
Lengguru is well-preserved without land opened for plantation, logging or mining. This is in stark contrast to the other parts of Indonesia (especially the Indonesian Papua area which is not 100 percent preserved).
In 2014 researchers revealed the level of biodiversity in the Lengguru area covering its coastal region and karsts. The expedition covered a range from 100 meters below sea level underwater up to 1,000 meters above sea level. Many species of flora and fauna were discovered, of which some are new species.
References
External links
Statistics publications from Statistics Indonesia (BPS)
Regencies of West Papua (province)
The 2010 New Orleans city council elections were held on February 6, 2010, to determine the seven seats of the New Orleans City Council. Runoff elections for districts A and E were held on March 6, 2010.
February 6 elections
At-Large Council Spots
Turnout: 16.3%
District A
Turnout: 39.4%
District B
Turnout: 29.7%
District C
Turnout: 32.4%
District D
Turnout: 31.6%
District E
Turnout: 28.7%
March 6 run-off elections
District A
Turnout: 20.9%
District E
Turnout: 15.2%
References
New Orleans city council
New Orleans 2010
2010 Louisiana elections
Alexander Antonio Alvarado Carriel (born 21 April 1999) is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a winger for L.D.U. Quito of the Ecuadorian Serie A, on loan from Major League Soccer club Orlando City.
Club career
Alvarado joined the Deportivo Quevedo academy at the age of nine. At the age of 12 he was loaned to Canillitas Quevedo. In 2014, back with Deportivo's academy, he scored 28 goals to help the team win the youth championship and clinch the tournament's golden boot. At the end of the season, Alvarado was recruited to join the youth team at Independiente del Valle.
In 2015, Alvarado joined Deportivo Quito in Serie A where he made his senior debut but found his playing opportunities limited. He moved to Serie B side Gualaceo in 2017 in order to play regularly, making a total of 43 appearances and scoring 3 goals in his sole season with Gualaceo.
In 2018, Alvarado returned to Serie A after signing a three-year contract with Aucas.
On 13 October 2020, Alvarado joined Major League Soccer side Orlando City on loan for the rest of the 2020 season with an option to join permanently at the end of the year. He made his debut on 28 October as a 79th-minute substitute in a 4–1 win against Atlanta United. After two appearances, Alvarado had his loan move made permanent as part of the club's end of season roster moves on 2 December 2020.
On 19 January 2022, Alvarado joined Ecuadorian Serie A side L.D.U. Quito on loan for the 2022 season with an option to buy.
International career
Youth
In January 2019, Alvarado was selected to represent Ecuador U20 at the 2019 South American U-20 Championship. He scored three goals as Ecuador won the tournament, qualifying them for the 2019 U-20 World Cup in the process. Alvarado retained his place in the squad and appeared in all seven matches as the team finished in third-place. He scored once, a penalty in the round of 16 victory over Uruguay.
Senior
Alvarado made his senior international debut on 10 September 2019, entering as an 85th minute substitute in a 3–0 friendly victory over Bolivia.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honors
International
South American U-20 Championship winner: 2019
FIFA U-20 World Cup third-place: 2019
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Ecuadorian footballers
Ecuador youth international footballers
Ecuador international footballers
Association football forwards
Ecuadorian Serie A players
Major League Soccer players
C.D. Quevedo footballers
C.S.D. Independiente del Valle footballers
S.D. Quito footballers
S.D. Aucas footballers
L.D.U. Quito footballers
Orlando City SC players
Ecuador under-20 international footballers
The sandy gallito (Teledromas fuscus) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae, the tapaculos. It is endemic to Argentina.
Taxonomy and systematics
The sandy gallito is the only member of its genus and has no subspecies.
Description
The sandy gallito is long. Two male specimens weighed respectively; one female weighted . In the adult, the crown of the head, back, and wings are light cinnamon as are the central feathers of the tail. The rest of the tail is blackish. The throat and chest are white, blending to light cinnamon on the flanks and vent area. The juvenile is thought to have similar plumage.
Distribution and habitat
The sandy gallito is a year round resident of the eastern slope of the Andes of Argentina from southwestern Salta Province in the north to Río Negro Province in the south. For most of that range it is found up to and in Salta up to . Its habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland characterized by sparse vegetation on sand and gravel, dry washes, and ravines.
Behavior
Feeding
The sandy gallito's principal food is thought to be arthropods. It forages solely on the ground while trying to stay hidden by running between bushes.
Breeding
The sandy gallitos's nest is an open cup of grass, usually constructed at the end of a tunnel up to long. Eggs are laid between November and February.
Vocalization
The typical song of the sandy gallito is a phrase off "loud 'tchowk' notes" repeated up to five times in Río Negro and up to 10 times in other parts of the range .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the sandy gallito as of The Least Concern. Though its population has not been determined, it is believed to be stable and the species is thought to be fairly common. It inhabits several protected areas and its habitat is not amenable to agricultural development.
References
sandy gallito
Endemic birds of Argentina
sandy gallito
sandy gallito
sandy gallito
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Battle of Maeso () was a battle between Silla and Tang forces in the Korean peninsula.
On September 29, 675, a confrontation occurred between a Silla forces under the command of Kim Wonsul and a Tang forces under Li Jinxing.
South Korean history books claim killed 6,047 cavalry of Tang and captures 30,380 horses and weapons of about 30,000.
Notes
Wars involving Silla
Battles involving the Tang dynasty
History of Gyeonggi Province
Adam & Eve is an American conglomerate company that sells adult products through e-commerce. In 2004, it was the largest e-commerce distributor of condoms, sex toys, and erotica in the United States. Its parent company, PHE Inc., is the largest private employer in Hillsborough, North Carolina, where its headquarters are situated. The company funds non-profit social marketing organizations that address issues such as population growth, disease control and sex education in developing countries.
Origins
The firm was founded in 1970 by physician Tim Black and Phil Harvey. It started as a small storefront in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, selling condoms and lubricants. It soon became a mail-order catalog selling contraceptives through non-medical channels.
While still graduate students at the University of North Carolina's School of Public Health, they conceived the firm to fund a non-profit organization to using the profits to finance family-planning programs in developing countries.
With a Ford Foundation fellowship, they devised a plan to use social marketing in the U.S., and with university consent, they began writing witty ad copy ("What will you get her this Christmas -- pregnant?") and advertising condoms in the mail and in 300 of the largest U.S. college newspapers . Though selling condoms via the mail was in violation of the Comstock Act (not overturned in its entirety until 1972), they knew the law was rarely enforced. They began to see a profit, stating, "The mail-order condom market was just sitting there waiting for somebody," recalls Harvey. "
Philanthropy
Population Services International
With business generating enough revenue to cover costs, the partners wondered if the condom business could create enough of a profit to finance overseas social-marketing projects. If so, they would have the ability to bypass conventional donors and function with complete autonomy. With that, the men launched Population Services International (PSI), and by 1975 were conducting condom marketing programs in Bangladesh and Kenya. Though Harvey left his position as the director in the late 1970s, PSI still sells birth control and health products in over 60 countries and is prominent in international family planning.
DKT International
In the late 1970s, Harvey focused more on running Adam & Eve, but in 1989, he also launched DKT International (DKT), an organization that promotes family planning and HIV/AIDS prevention in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. Much of its revenue comes from its sales of low-cost contraceptives, but Adam & Eve also donates more than 25% of its profits. While its biggest programs draw funding from government agencies and foundations, its private funding allows it to greater freedom. Its social marketing strategies have included advertising, creating location-specific brands, working with local social networks and militaries, and targeting high-risk groups.
Company overview
Along with Adam & Eve's brand of erotic toys, the firm carries a variety of items for men, women and couples. In 2004, it started franchising its stores in the U.S. In 2009, the company donated funds to the Free Speech Coalition. In 2019, it acquired the Excite Group, Australia's largest online adult retailer.
References
Further reading
Philip D. Harvey, The Government Vs. Erotica: The Siege of Adam and Eve, Prometheus Books, 2001, .
External links
Sex shops
Companies based in North Carolina
Companies based in Hillsborough, North Carolina
American companies established in 1970
Retail companies established in 1970
Adam and Eve
1970 establishments in North Carolina
James Simpson (born September 13, 1992) is an American racing driver from Indianapolis.
Racing career
Simpson began racing with a successful career in karting, including two Kart Racers of America Junior Yamaha championships in 2007. While at Purdue University, Simpson won the Purdue Grand Prix and became the only driver to do so for four years in a row. Simpson won between 2013-2016. Simpson continued his success in karting with a win in 2014, and two runner-up finishes (2008 and 2012), in the Robo-Pong 200 endurance race at New Castle Motorsports Park in New Castle, Indiana, one of karting's most high-profile events. Simpson also competed in the USAC Midget National Championship from 2010 to 2012, competing in 25 races. In 2009 Simpson finished 2nd in the USAC Ford Focus Midget Championship with multiple wins and was named USAC Rookie of the Year in the highly competitive Midwest Division. He also attended Skip Barber Racing School, tested a Formula BMW car, and has on occasion competed in 410 non-wing sprint car racing at Indiana's well known dirt tracks.
In 2013 Simpson began racing in SCCA Formula Atlantic and captured a race victory in his first National Atlantics race at Sebring International Raceway in January. Simpson followed the Sebring victory with a win at the first Formula Atlantic event ever held at Circuit of the America's (COTA) in March 2013, and then wins at St. Louis's Gateway International Raceway in June and Watkins Glen in July. Simpson completed his first Firestone Indy Lights test at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on May 2 and announced his participation in the Freedom 100 on May 21. He qualified eleventh and finished seventh in the race with Team Moore Racing.
In 2014 Simpson competed full-time in the Atlantic Championship finishing 2nd in the championship with two wins and track records at Watkins Glen and VIR, and also made an appearance in Indy Lights at the Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course double header for Team Moore.
Personal life
Simpson attended Cathedral High School in Indianapolis. He then attended Purdue University. At Purdue Simpson became the only four time (2013, 2014, 2015, and 2016) winner of the Purdue Grand Prix driving for the Electric Vehicle Club (2013) and Delts Racing (2014–2016). He also won numerous evGrand Prix races, including the International Intercollegiate Grand Prix at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in May 2013 and 2014 for electric race cars with the Purdue team. After graduating in 2016 Simpson won the 2017 alumni Grand Prix.
Racing record
Indy Lights
Atlantic Championship Series
References
External links
1992 births
Racing drivers from Indianapolis
Indy Lights drivers
Living people
Atlantic Championship drivers
Team Moore Racing drivers
USS Don O. Woods (APD-118) was a Crosley-class high-speed transport in service with the United States Navy from 1945 to 1946. In 1963, she was transferred to Mexico, where she served as ARM Usumacinta/Miguel Hidalgo (B-06) until 2001.
Namesake
Don Otis Woods was born on 19 May 1922 in Kearney, Nebraska. He enlisted in the Navy on 12 June 1940 and died of wounds received on 8 August 1942. Hospital Apprentice First Class Woods was posthumously awarded the Silver Star for braving the fire of Japanese snipers to rescue injured Marines in the assault on Gavutu, Solomon Islands, until he himself was mortally wounded.
History
U.S. Navy (1945–1946)
Don O. Woods keel was laid at the Dravo Corporation, Neville Island, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on 1 December 1944. the ship was launched on 9 February 1944, sponsored by Mrs. H. R. Woods, mother of the ship's namesake. Don O. Woods was reclassified APD-118 on 17 July 1944 and floated to Orange, Texas for completion as a high speed transport by the Consolidated Steel Corporation. She was commissioned there on 28 May 1945.
Don O. Woods sailed from Norfolk 9 August 1945 and was making her transit of the Panama Canal on the day hostilities ended between Japan and the United States. She called at San Diego and proceeded to Pearl Harbor, arriving 7 September. Five days later she got underway with US Army and US Navy passengers for Saipan, continuing to Leyte, where she arrived 7 October. She served in the Philippines until 23 January 1946 when she departed Manila for the west coast. Arriving at San Pedro, Los Angeles on 13 February. She was placed out of commission in reserve 18 June 1946.
Mexican Navy (1963–2001)
Don O. Woods was sold and transferred to the custody of Mexico in December 1963 and renamed Usumacinta (H-06), then redesignated (B-06) and renamed Miguel Hidalgo, her speed being reduced to 13 knots. Miguel Hidalgo was decommissioned from the Mexican Navy in 2001. She was scrapped afterward.
Namesake
Don O. Woods is named in honor of Hospital Apprentice First Class Don Otis Woods. He was born on 19 May 1922 in Kearney, Nebraska and enlisted in the Navy on 12 June 1940.
Hospital Apprentice Woods died of wounds received in enemy action on 8 August 1942 while serving with the Marines against Japanese forces on Gavutu, Solomon Islands. On his own courageous initiative, Woods, in an effort to rescue several injured Marines, waded into the sea near a rock cliff where numerous hostile snipers were menacing troops. Although repeatedly warned of his imminent peril, he refused to abandon his heroic work but continued, less than twenty-five yards from the enemy position, to render medical assistance to the helpless men until he himself was mortally wounded. He gallantly gave his life in the service of his country. As a result of his exceptional courage he was posthumously presented the Silver Star.
Awards
Notes
References
Crosley-class high speed transports
Ships built in Pittsburgh
1944 ships
World War II frigates and destroyer escorts of the United States
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Crosley-class high speed transports of the Mexican Navy
Ships built by Dravo Corporation
Sarmad Sultan Khoosat (born May 7, 1979) is a Pakistani actor, film/TV director, producer and screenwriter best known for directing the super-hit TV dramas Humsafar and Shehr-e-Zaat. He is considered to be one of the best South Asian filmmakers with his film Zindagi Tamasha being selected as Pakistan's entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 93rd Academy Awards.
The film also premiered at the 24th Busan International Film Festival under the section 'A Window on Asian Cinema'. He also portrayed the role of Saadat Hasan Manto in his film Manto.
Family
He is the son of veteran TV and film actor, producer and comedian Irfan Khoosat, while his sister Kanwal Khoosat is also a director, screenwriter and actress.
Early life and career
Academically, he graduated from Government College University (Lahore) and earned a master's degree in Psychology and a gold medal. He also was a member of the Debating Society of GCU.
He rose to prominence during the late 1990s, when he created the sitcom Shashlik which ran for over three years on PTV. Sarmad directed the series of Tele-films for Geo Tv "TAMASHA GHAR" in 2003 with the screenwriter Saji Gul which was based on themes dealing with subconscious desires and fears (inspired by Freudian school of psychology).
His first television drama as a director was Piya Naam Ka Diya in 2007, in which he acted opposite filmstar Saima Noor and Erum Akhtar. Sarmad then served as executive director for a soap serial named Mujhe Apna Naam-o-Nishan Milay, directed by his sister Kanwal Khoosat. Khoosat's TV drama, Kalmoohi that he wrote and directed, began airing on PTV in early 2010, also got good reviews. In 2011, he gained significant prominence and acclaim with the TV drama Pani Jaisa Piyar that aired on Hum TV. It won him the best director award for its on LUX Style Awards. He directed Jal Pari, which was aired on Geo TV. He went on to direct Humsafar for Hum TV, which became an overnight success. His serial Shehr-e-Zaat was especially popular with women.
He conducted a workshop at the Lahore University of Management Sciences's annual amateur film festival in June 2011.
Khoosat directed episodes for Faseele Jaan Se Aagay and Ashk. He also directed the remake of the original Pakistani film, Aina, as a telefilm. In 2015, he completed shooting Mein Manto.
In October 2018, he delivered a 24-hour-long live act, No Time To Sleep, enacting the last 24 hours of a death row prisoner's life, a performance which earned him critical appreciation.
He wrote the script for Saqib Malik's upcoming production Ajnabee Sheher Main, while he has two upcoming feature films as director, writing one as well. His feature film, "Zindagi Tamasha" won the Kim Jin Seok award at the Busan Film Festival 2019 as well as the Best Film and Best Actor at the Asian Film Festival 2021. Despite its critical acclaim, his film release was halted in 2020 by the notorious party, TLP which called for it to be censored. Although the film was cleared for release by Pakistani authorities, Khoosat continued to receive death threats calling for the film to be banned. He took to social media to pen a letter to the government of Pakistan and Imran Khan, the Prime Minister-calling for protection against the threats. However, the government halted the release and instead invited TLP members to review the film. COVID-19 and the eventual lockdown further halted cinematic releases. Although the film was selected to represent Pakistan at the Oscars, its release remains a mystery.
Filmography
Television
Webseries
Telefilms
Films
Awards and recognition
Pride of Performance Award in 2017 by the President of Pakistan
See also
List of Lollywood actors
References
Sarmad Khoosat Film .
External links
1979 births
Living people
Punjabi people
Pakistani television directors
Urdu film producers
Pakistani male television actors
Pakistani film directors
Pakistani male film actors
Pakistani screenwriters
Pakistani dramatists and playwrights
People from Lahore
Recipients of the Pride of Performance
Plain City may refer to:
Plain City, Ohio, United States
Plain City, Utah, United States
See also
Plain (disambiguation)
Palmyra High School may refer to:
Palmyra High School, in Palmyra, Illinois
Palmyra High School (Missouri), Marion County, Missouri
Junior-Senior High School at Palmyra, a high school in Otoe County, Nebraska
Palmyra High School (New Jersey), Palmyra, New Jersey
Palmyra-Macedon High School, Palmyra, New York
Palmyra Area High School, Palmyra, Pennsylvania
Palmyra-Eagle High School, a high school in Palmyra, Wisconsin
See also
Palmyra (disambiguation)
The Chelsea-Elliott Houses is a combined housing project of the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA), located between West 25th and 27th Streets and Ninth and Tenth Avenues in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It consists of two contiguous projects which were originally separate but have been combined for administrative purposes: the John Lovejoy Elliott Houses, named after the founder of the Hudson Guild, has four 11- and 12-story buildings which accommodate over 1400 residents in 589 apartments. The Chelsea Houses has over 1,000 residents in 426 apartments within two 21-story buildings.
About
Prior to development, the Elliott Houses were criticized by the United States Housing Authority who cited the land value being higher than other housing projects. NYCHA broke ground in December 1945 and were completed on July 15, 1947. Designed by William Lescaze, they were one of the first examples of high rise tower in the park style. The Chelsea Houses were designed by architect Paul L. Wood and construction started in 1961 and completed on May 31, 1964. The Chelsea Houses were aided by the state for $8.3 million.
In 2012, NYCHA converted a parking lot in the development into a 168 unit building for low-to-middle-income households.
Notable people
Stephanie Andujar (born 1986), actor
Antonio Fargas (born 1946), actor
Whoopi Goldberg (born 1955), actor
Wayans Family (lived there in the 1970s and 1980s), comedians
See also
New York City Housing Authority
List of New York City Housing Authority properties
References
External links
NYCHA webpage
Residential buildings in Manhattan
Public housing in Manhattan
Chelsea, Manhattan
Residential buildings completed in 1947
Residential buildings completed in 1964
Two of a Kind: Groovemasters, Vol. 8 is an album by American guitarists Pat Donohue and Mike Dowling that was released in 2002.
The Groovemasters series is a line of releases by Solid Air pairing various guitarists. Past releases have included Preston Reed, Laurence Juber, Phil Keaggy and Davey Johnstone.
Reception
Writing for Minor 7th, critic Fred Kraus wrote of the album "Guitarists Pat Donohue and Mike Dowling infuse their musical roots with more energy than a young pup after a rabbit. Pure enjoyment radiates from the tips of their well-callused fingers to their tapping toes on "Two of a Kind."... Our two earnest musical guides take us on a tour through ragtime, blues, boogie-woogie, jazz, and some gumbos that defy categorization. It's a smooth ride loaded with musical goodies. "
Track listing
"High Society" (Traditional) – 2:46
"Drive Time" (Pat Donohue) – 2:51
"K.C. Man Blues" (Johnson, Williams) – 3:13
"Novocaine" (Donohue) – 2:27
"Last Train Whistle" (Mike Dowling) – 5:11
"Guitar Blues" (Eddie Lang) – 2:27
"My Honey's Lovin' Arms" (Joseph Meyer, Herman Ruby) – 2:55
"Creepin'" (Donohue) – 3:19
"Wild Rose" (Dowling) – 4:11
"Fishin' in the Wind" (Dowling) – 2:25
"Two of a Kind" (Donohue) – 2:20
"World of Hurt" (Dowling) – 3:43
"Blues City" (Donohue) – 3:30
"Java Buzz" (Dowling) – 2:47
"Siboney" (Ernesto Lecuona, Theodora Morse) – 3:52
"Gee Whiz" (Donohue) – 2:56
Personnel
Pat Donohue – guitar
Mike Dowling – guitar
Production notes
Pat Donohue – producer
Mike Dowling – producer
James Jensen – executive producer, liner notes
Sam Hudson – engineer
John Archer – mastering
Mary Ellen LaMotte – photography
Johnny Hanson – design
References
2002 albums
Pat Donohue albums
Celine Dion Live 2017 was the twelfth concert tour by Canadian singer Celine Dion. It was organized to support Dion's 2016 French-language studio album, Encore un soir. In the anglophone shows Dion performed her single "How does a moment last forever" (from the 2017 film "Beauty and the beast") along with a few rare songs and fan favourites. With twenty five shows, it began in Copenhagen, Denmark on 15 June 2017 and concluded on 5 August 2017 in Glasgow, Scotland.
Background
After Dion's last large-scale world tour in 2008 and 2009 in support for her album Taking Chances, she began a new residence show at The Colosseum At Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas in 2011 with a contract until 2019. On 25 January 2017, Dion's official website announced sixteen shows in Europe to take place during the summer months of 2017. Tickets for those shows went on-sale to the general public on 3 February 2017. Eight additional dates, in London, Paris, Lille, Manchester, Birmingham and Berlin were later added. On 31 March 2017, The SSE Hydro posted an intimation of a concert in Glasgow, Scotland. Details for this show were announced during the first week of April 2017. Véronic DiCaire joined Dion as the opening act.
On 14 June 2017, it was announced that both shows scheduled to take place at Manchester Arena on 25 June and 1 August would be rescheduled due to ongoing investigation after the Manchester Arena bombing. The shows were rescheduled to be at the First Direct Arena in Leeds on 25 June 2017 and 2 August 2017.
Critical reception
The tour received positive reviews. The Independent rated the concert five stars out of five, calling it "a flawless show with zero pretence" with Dion's "unstoppable vocals". The Guardian rated the concert four stars out of five. London Evening Standard also rated it four stars out of five, writing that Dion "didn't just crank out soulful power ballads" but she was also "a stage-strutting, air-punching, kiss-blowing bundle of fun, gratitude and good humour". Gay Times also praised the show, writing that Dion proved she's very much at the height of her career. In a positive review Metro wrote that Dion's "vocals can easily be considered the eighth wonder of the world". According to a positive review by the Official Charts Company, Dion's concert was "almost a religious experience". Her concert in Leeds, on 25 June, was given a five-star rating by the Manchester Evening News. Performing on a stage with a backdrop of "Leeds in loving support of Manchester", Dion was praised for her boundless energy and note and pitch perfect performance.
Broadcasts and recordings
Dion's team recorded two shows in Paris (8 and 9 July) as well as two shows in London (29 and 30 July.) However, there has been no confirmation regarding possible CD/DVD release. On 26 January 2018, a recording of "Encore un soir" was broadcast on TF1 as part of "Jean-Jacques Goldman, 40 years in music."
Commercial reception
Dion sold-out all of her European concerts. She also broke records across the United Kingdom as the highest grossing artist at each UK venue where she performed.
Band
Musical Director, Piano: Scott Price
Drums: Dominique Messier
Bass: Yves Labonté
Guitars: Kaven Girouard
Keyboards: Guillaume Marchand
Percussion: Paul Picard
Background Vocals & Tin Whistle: Élise Duguay
Background Vocals: Barnev Valsaint, Dawn Cumberbatch
Violins: Philippe Dunnigan, Jenny Elfving, Laraine Kaizer, Rebecca Ramsey, Svetlin Belneev, Lisa Dondlinger, Lenka Hajkova, John Arnold, De Ann Letourneau
Violas: Jerome Gordon, Kaila Potts, Dmitri Kourka
Celli: Lindsey Springer, Raymond Sicam III, Irina Chirkova, Judy Kang, Élise Duguay
Woodwinds: Eric Tewalt, Philip Wigfall
Trumpets: Matt Fronke, Kurt Evanson, Nico Edgerman, Don Lorice
Trombones: Daniel Falcone, Nathan Tanouye
Set list
Additional Notes
"I'm Your Angel", "My Love", "Treat Her Like a Lady" and "Misled" were performed only during the concert in Copenhagen
"Loved Me Back to Life" was performed from 15 to 20 June 2017.
"Ordinaire" was performed during the concert in Bordeaux.
"The Reason" and "The Colour of My Love" were removed from the set list after six concerts.
"The Show Must Go On" was not performed during the second concert in Berlin.
"Pour que tu m'aimes encore" was not performed during the concert in Glasgow.
Only during shows in France was "Pour que tu m'aimes encore" performed in an acoustic version only accompanied by a guitar.
Tour dates
See also
Un peu de nous
Notes
References
2017 concert tours
Celine Dion concert tours
Leuven was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1999.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Saga Shipping, also known as Saga Cruises, division of the Saga plc, is a cruise line headquartered in Folkestone, England. Saga Cruises exclusively markets to and operates for people aged 50 and over.
History
1997–2005: Development
In 1997, Saga Group purchased its first ship, Gripsholm, from Cunard Line, after which it renamed the ship Saga Rose. The vessel was remodeled and arrived in Southampton on 14 May 1997, commencing operations thereafter. Saga Rose was briefly joined by Saga Pearl in the summer of 2003 after Saga chartered her. In November 2004, Saga purchased its second ship, Caronia, from Cunard. After a £17 million refurbishment at Malta Dockyard in 2005 she entered Saga service as Saga Ruby.
2006–2013: Attempts at growth
In 2006, Saga founded a sub-brand, named "Spirit of Adventure," with the ship, Spirit of Adventure. The ship had most recently operated as Orange Melody as a charter for the Russian Metropolis company, and was originally set to be named Saga Opal following Saga's purchase. In 2010, Saga purchased Astoria from Transocean Tours and renamed her Saga Pearl II. In August 2011, it was reported Saga was selling Spirit of Adventure to German tour operator FTI in 2012, upon which she would become FTI Berlin. In May 2012, Saga Pearl II was transferred to the sub-brand and named Quest for Adventure. In August 2012, Saga announced the "Spirit of Adventure" sub-brand would be absorbed into its parent brand, and in November 2013, Quest for Adventure rejoined Saga and was renamed Saga Pearl II.
In 2009, Saga retired Saga Rose in 2010, citing the prohibitive repair costs due to the ship's age and the new SOLAS regulations set to become law in 2010. Her farewell cruise was scheduled for 30 October 2009. She was later laid up in Gibraltar and later scrapped in China. In July 2012, Saga announced Saga Ruby would exit the fleet in early-2014. Due to a failed generator, the ship's final cruise was changed from a Caribbean sailing to a Mediterranean sailing. She was sold in January 2014 to become a hotel ship in Myanmar, but those plans dissolved and the ship was scrapped in India in 2017.
2014–present: Modernisation
In 2014, Saga's parent company, Saga Group, went public via an initial public offering on the London Stock Exchange.
In 2015, Saga announced it had signed a memorandum of agreement for its first-ever new-build from Meyer Werft for a 2019 delivery, with an additional option for a sister ship expected in 2021. Named Spirit of Discovery, the new ship would measure , becoming the largest ship ever to be built for Saga. In explaining how Saga intended to modernise the brand, Saga's new-build director, David Pickett, explained that after Saga went public in 2014, the company had expanded access to capital investment, opening up more possibilities to invest in its fleet. The new ship had allowed Saga to expand its offerings not featured before on its older vessels, such as fitness facilities, a large theatre, and specialty dining venues. Saga also partnered with Siemens to install their ships' propulsion and power distribution systems for the two vessels in order to maximise the ships' efficiency and ensure their reliability.
In July 2017, Saga announced it would retire Saga Pearl II in mid-2019 with a 54-night farewell cruise to South Africa from Portsmouth. The following year, Saga revealed plans to retire Saga Sapphire by 2020, with a farewell cruise to Norway. In May 2019, it was reported Saga Pearl II had been sold to Aqua Explorer Holdings of the British Virgin Islands, and the ship would be moved to Perama as a result of the sale. In August 2019, Turkey-based ANEX Tour had reportedly purchased Saga Sapphire for its first ship to launch its cruise business, with a scheduled debut in mid-2020 from Antalya. In April 2020, Saga's managing director Nigel Banks said Saga's plans to transfer Saga Sapphire to ANEX Tour may be postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but on 18 June 2020, the sale was completed and it was announced the ship would debut for ANEX Tour in 2021 as Blue Sapphire.
With the exits of Saga Pearl II and Saga Sapphire, Saga completed its fleet renewal program and hoped to usher in a new era for the company, with the cruise line's first new-build delivered on 24 June 2019. But while in anticipation of her delivery, in April 2019, Saga reported it was still encountering significant financial difficulties, with its shares hitting a record low in light of lower profits. Saga blamed its losses on Brexit and the fears surrounding economic uncertainty for driving bookings and commitments to holidays down for the brand. The retirement of Saga Pearl II, combined with the increase in marketing expenditure for the brand's new ship, was also credited for Saga's declining revenue through late-2019. With the new ships joining the fleet, Saga had aimed to make £40 million in profit per ship per year and intended to strengthen its focus on its cruising and tour businesses. In November 2019, in hopes of capitalizing on the launch of Spirit of Discovery, Saga announced it had ordered a new riverboat in a new investment toward its river cruising business after it had previously chartered riverboats for its river cruise program. The new boat, named Spirit of the Rhine, would be Saga's first boutique riverboat and be heavily inspired by the design and style of Spirit of Discovery, as well as include the all-inclusive cruising experience also accommodated on Saga's ocean cruises. Scheduled to debut in spring 2021, the 190-passenger ship will cruise the Rhine, Moselle, Main, and Danube, as well as waterways in the Netherlands.
In January 2020, despite losing £4 million following the collapse of Thomas Cook Group in the second half of 2019, Saga Group claimed Spirit of Discovery played a large role in driving part of the company's success and expected the ship to make more than £20 million in her next six months of operation. Later, in April 2020, amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Saga noted that, despite a possibility of increasing cancellations, chief executive Euan Sutherland explained Saga was positioned well to weather the economic crisis arising from the pandemic, citing strong forward bookings and available credit facilities. But in June 2020, the pandemic led Saga to announce that the debut of its second new-build, named Spirit of Adventure, would be postponed by several months due to construction delays at Meyer Werft caused by the pandemic. Later that month, Saga introduced COVID-19 treatment and repatriation to the travel insurance plans it offers to its cruise guests. Spirit of Adventure was delivered on 29 September 2020, though the pandemic has also resulted in several postponements of her public debut and maiden voyage to May 2021.
Fleet
Current fleet
Future fleet
Former fleet
References
External links
Cruise lines
Shipping companies of the United Kingdom
1996 establishments in England
The Tingari (Tingarri) cycle in Australian Aboriginal mythology embodies a vast network of Aboriginal Dreaming (tjukurpa) songlines that traverse the Western Desert region of Australia (Graham 2002). Locations and events associated with the Tingari cycle are frequently the subject of Aboriginal Art from the region (Perkins & Fink 2000).
Narratives and itineraries
The Tingari Men were a group of ancestral elders who − in the Dreaming − travelled over vast areas of the Western Desert, performing rituals and creating or "opening up" the country (Perkins & Fink 2000:278) They were usually accompanied by recently initiated novices to whom they provided instruction in the ritual and law of the region (Myers 1986:59-64). The adventures of the Tingari groups are enshrined in numerous song-myth cycles which provide explanations for contemporary customs in Western Desert aboriginal life (Perkins & Fink 2000:278; Berndt 1970:222-223; Berndt & Berndt 1996:266-267). Deep knowledge of Tingari business is restricted to men possessing appropriate levels of seniority in Western Desert society, but many stories have "public versions" which do not disclose secret/sacred knowledge.
In the Tingari heartland of the Gibson Desert, three major journey-lines can be discerned (Myers 1986:62). One begins west of Jupiter Well and eventually runs due east, concluding south-east of Lake Mackay; another heads south-west from near Kintore for some 200 km, and then doubles back to end at Lake Macdonald; the third runs from south to north through Docker River and Kintore. At the many sites that make up these songlines, groups of Tingari people held ceremonies, experienced adversity and had adventures, in the course of which they either created or became the physical features of the sites involved. In mythological terms, Tingari exploits often add to or modify features at pre-existing sites, or revive and extend more ancient local Dreamings (Kimber 2000:273). The oral narratives that describe these adventures stretch to thousands of verses, and provide countless topographical details that would assist nomadic bands to navigate and survive in the arid landscape (Petri 1970:263).
In Pintupi narratives, the male Tingari groups are usually followed by groups of women who may be accompanied by children. The more public women's stories usually revolve around the gathering and preparation of bush foods (Perkins & Fink 2000:281-290). However, other narratives relate to a group of powerful ancestor women – the Kanaputa (Ganabuda) or Mungamunga (Berndt 1972:208; Poirier 2005:130) – who often travelled in a Tingari ritual group (Myers 1976:188). These Tingari women were sometimes accompanied by young girls, whom they provided with ritual education (Berndt 1970:225), and were often followed by (or following) groups of Tingari men. Many of the Kukatja stories collected at Balgo relate to the Kanaputa (Berndt 1970:222; Poirier 2005:77-79).
Art
Tingari-related visual designs, such as those used in ceremonial body and ground paintings, are usually considered "dear" rather than "dangerous" by traditional owners, which may explain why so many artists have concentrated on the Tingari in paintings produced for public display and sale by Papunya Tula (Myers 1989:179). Even so, the more esoteric elements of these designs were usually modified or omitted by the artists (Myers 2002:64-66), and this is particularly true of recent works. "Classical" Tingari cycle paintings typically contain a network of roundels (concentric circles, which often signify sites) interlinked by lines (which often indicate travel) (Bardon 1991:66, 85-86, 94, 128; Perkins & Fink 2000:180-181, 229).
See also
Wati kutjara, another major song-myth cycle from the Western Desert
References
Bardon, G. (1991) Papunya Tula - Art of the Western Desert. J.B. Books, Australia.
Berndt, R.M. (1970) Traditional Morality as Expressed Through the Medium of an Australian Aboriginal Religion, in Berndt, R.M., ed., Australian Aboriginal Anthropology: Modern Studies in the Social Anthropology of the Australian Aborigines. Western Australia University Press, Nedlands.
Berndt, R.M. (1972) The Walmadjeri and Gugadja, in Hunters & Gatherers Today: A Socioeconomic Study of Eleven Such Cultures in the Twentieth Century, ed. M.G. Bicchieri, p.177-216. Holt, Rinehart & Winston, New York.
Graham, L.D. (2002) The Nature and Origins of the Tingari Cycle. Online research paper at AusAnthrop, Article
Kimber, R.G. (2000) Tjukurrpa Trails: A Cultural Topography of the Western Desert, in Perkins, H. & Fink, H., eds., Papunya Tula - Genesis & Genius. Art Gallery of NSW, Sydney.
Myers, F.R. (1976) To Have and to Hold: a Study of Persistence and Change in Pintupi Social Life. Ph.D. dissertation, Bryn Mawr College, PA.
Myers, F.R. (1986) Pintupi Country, Pintupi Self: Sentiment, Place and Politics among Western Desert Aborigines. Univ. California Press.
Myers, F.R. (2002) Painting Culture - the Making of an Aboriginal High Art. Duke University Press.
Perkins, H. & Fink, H., eds. (2000) Papunya Tula - Genesis & Genius. Art Gallery of New South Wales, Sydney, in association with Papunya Tula Artists Pty. Ltd.
Petri, H. (1970) Stability and Change: Present-day Historic Aspects among Australian Aborigines, in Berndt, R.M., ed., Australian Aboriginal Anthropology: Modern Studies in the Social Anthropology of the Australian Aborigines, p.248-276. Western Australia University Press, Nedlands.
Poirier, S. (2005) A World of Relationships: Itineraries, Dreams and Events in the Australian Western Desert. Univ. Toronto Press.
External links
Online overview of the Tingari cycle.
Tingari Cycle painting, interview with Aboriginal artist Ronnie Tjampitjinpa.
A Tingari Cycle painting, by Ronnie Tjampitjinpa, held in an Australian public gallery.
Australian Aboriginal mythology
The 2015 Rajshahi mosque bombing was a suicide attack which occurred on 25 December 2015 during Friday Prayers at an Ahmadi Muslim mosque in Mochmoli village, in Bagmara Upazila, in Rajshahi District, Bangladesh. One person was killed and at least between three and ten people were injured in the attack. The single fatality was the perpetrator of the attack.
An estimated 70 Ahmadi Muslim worshippers were inside the mosque during the Friday congregation prayers. Witness reports indicate that the bomber first entered the mosque and performed his prayers separately, at the rear end of the prayer hall. Afterwards, he moved forward close to other worshippers present at the mosque and placed his hands inside his pockets, after which the bomb exploded. The identity and motive of the perpetrator is yet unknown.
Responsibility
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the attack. However, locals have stated earlier that members of the Wahhabi-inspired Ahl al-Hadith Andolon Bangladesh, which runs a neighbouring mosque, may be responsible for the attack. On the other hand, local police have blamed Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) for recent rise in violence, including the attack at the Ahmadiyya mosque.
References
Terrorist incidents in Bangladesh in 2015
Persecution of Ahmadis
2015 in Bangladesh
Rajshahi District
Terrorism in Bangladesh
2015 crimes in Bangladesh
The Death of Artemio Cruz (, ) is a novel written in 1962 by Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes. It is considered to be a milestone in the Latin American Boom.
Plot summary
Artemio Cruz, a corrupt soldier, politician, journalist, tycoon, and lover, lies on his deathbed, recalling the shaping events of his life, from the Mexican Revolution through the development of the Institutional Revolutionary Party. His family crowds around, pressing him to reveal the location of his will; a priest provides extreme unction, angling for a deathbed confession and reconciliation with the Church (while Artemio indulges in obscene thoughts about the birth of Jesus); his private secretary has come with audiotapes of various corrupt dealings, many with gringo diplomats and speculators. Punctuating the sordid record of betrayal is Cruz's awareness of his failing body and his keen attachment to sensual life. Finally his thoughts decay into a drawn-out death.
Themes and significance
The Death of Artemio Cruz is today "widely regarded as a seminal work of modern Spanish American literature". Like many of Fuentes' works, the novel used rotating narrators, a technique critic Karen Hardy described as demonstrating "the complexities of a human or national personality". The novel is heavily influenced by Orson Welles' Citizen Kane, and attempts literary parallels to Welles' techniques, including close-up, cross-cutting, deep focus, and flashback. Like Kane, the novel begins with the titular protagonist on his deathbed; the story of Cruz's life is then filled in by flashbacks as the novel moves between past and present. Cruz is a former soldier of the Mexican Revolution who has become wealthy and powerful through "violence, blackmail, bribery, and brutal exploitation of the workers". The novel explores the corrupting effects of power and criticizes the distortion of the revolutionaries' original aims through "class domination, Americanization, financial corruption, and failure of land reform".
The Death of Artemio Cruz is dedicated to the sociologist C. Wright Mills, whom Fuentes called "the true voice of North America and great friend in the struggle for the people in Latin America."
Film rights
In 2012, Chatrone LLC optioned both film and television rights to the novel.
Editions
References
Further reading
External links
1962 fantasy novels
Novels by Carlos Fuentes
Mexican magic realism novels
Novels set in Mexico
Novels set in the Mexican Revolution
Tomáš () is a Czech and Slovak given name, equivalent to the name Thomas.
It may refer to:
Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk (1850–1937), first President of Czechoslovakia
Tomáš Baťa (1876–1932), Czech footwear entrepreneur
Tomáš Berdych (born 1985), Czech tennis player
Tomáš Cibulec (born 1978), Czech tennis player
Tomáš Dvořák (born 1972), Czech athlete
Tomáš Enge (born 1976), Czech motor racing driver
Tomáš Fleischmann (born 1984), Czech ice hockey player
Tomáš Kaberle (born 1978), Czech ice hockey player
Tomáš Kramný, (born 1973), Czech ice hockey player
Tomas Kalnoky (born 1980), Czech/American singer/guitarist
Tomáš Kratochvíl (born 1971), Czech race walker
Tomas Mezera (born 1958), Czech/Australian racing driver
Tomáš Rosický (born 1980), Czech football player
Tomáš Šmíd (born 1956), Czech tennis player
Tomáš Verner (born 1986), Czech figure skater
Tomáš Vokoun (born 1976), Czech ice hockey player
Tomáš Zíb (born 1976), Czech tennis player
Tomáš Kopecký (born 1982), Slovak ice hockey player
Tomáš Oravec (born 1980), Slovak football player
Tomáš Surový (born 1981), Slovak ice hockey player
Tomáš Tatar (born 1990), Slovak ice hockey player
Tomáš Klíma (born 1990), Slovak ice hockey player
Czech masculine given names
Slovak masculine given names
Santos Futebol Clube ( Santos Football Club), also known as Santos and familiarly as Peixe, was a Brazilian professional futsal club, based in Santos, Brazil. They play in the Liga Futsal, Brazil's national league.
History
Santos Futebol Clube was founded on April 14, 1912. The futsal department was created in 2011, after a partnership between Santos Futebol Clube and Cortiana Plásticos. Falcão has been signed for the club, to play for two seasons. They won the Copa Gramado in 2011, after beating Krona Futsal 3-1 on March 3, 2011. Santos debuted in the 2011 Liga Futsal on March 14, 2011, against Krona Futsal, at Ginásio da Univille, in Joinville, Santa Catarina. They beat Krona Futsal 3-2. Santos won the 2011 liga Futsal after beating Carlos Barbosa on penalties. Due to lack of funds, the club was dissolved on December 27, 2011.
Achievements
Liga Futsal:
Winners (1): 2011
Copa Gramado:
Winners (1): 2011
Arena
Santos Futebol Clube played their home games at Arena Santos. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.
References
External links
Official website
Futsal clubs established in 2011
Sport clubs disestablished in 2011
Defunct futsal clubs
Futsal clubs in Brazil
Santos FC
2011 establishments in Brazil
2011 disestablishments in Brazil
A Time to Love () is a 2005 film directed by Huo Jianqi. It stars Zhao Wei and Lu Yi. The film is based on a true story.
Cast
Zhao Wei ... Qu Ran
Lu Yi ... Hou Jia
Song Xiaoying ... Hou Jia's mother
Zhang Qian... Quran's father
Reception
Variety called the film "fairly standard Asian romantic fare". Heroic-Cinema.com were more positive and praised the imagery and cinematography of the film, as well as the performance of both Vicki Zhao Wei and Lu Yi. The reviewer for Beyond Hollywood saw Vicki Zhao as the star with Lu Yi playing an "average" role, and criticised the screenwriters for making the secondary characters one-dimensional and uninteresting.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2000s Mandarin-language films
2005 films
Films directed by Huo Jianqi
Chinese romantic drama films
Films with screenplays by Si Wu
2005 romantic drama films
Wyszyński (feminine: Wyszyńska; plural: Wyszyńscy) is a noble Polish family name (coat of arms: Pierzchała, Sas, Trzywdar). It has 7–8 thousand bearers. Its nest is okolica szlachecka (zaścianek) Wyszonki in Podlasie. It corresponds to the Lithuanian Višinskis and Russian Vyshinsky and may be Anglicized as Wyshynski.
The surname may refer to:
Stefan Wyszyński (1901–1981), Polish cardinal
Marek Wyszyński, Polish business executive
See also
Polish-language surnames
The Louisville hotspot is a volcanic hotspot responsible for the volcanic activity that has formed the Louisville Ridge in the southern Pacific Ocean.
Location
The Louisville hotspot is believed to lie close to the Pacific-Antarctic Ridge, although its exact location is uncertain.
Geological history
The Louisville hotspot has produced the Louisville Ridge, which is one of the longest seamount chains on Earth, stretching some from the Pacific-Antarctic Ridge to the Tonga Trench where it subducts under the Indo-Australian Plate as part of the Pacific Plate.
The Louisville hotspot is believed to have been active since at least 78.8 ± 1.3 Ma based on age of the oldest seamount (Osbourn ). This duration is comparable to that of the Hawaiian-Emperor seamount chain, although the rate of volcanism at the two chains are relatively different and the Louisville Ridge has a relatively small bend compared to that in the Hawaiian-Emperior chain. During the Early Oligocene period, the Louisville hotspot's magma source rate was much steadier than the Hawaii hotspot rate, and had a lower total volume in eruption. During the Late Oligocene, the magma source decreased to a small fraction of that in the Hawaiian-Emperor seamount chain, such that none of the volcanoes has emerged above sea level in the past 11 million years. The Louisville Ridge is only half as wide as the Hawaiian-Emperior seamount chain. Therefore, unlike the Hawaii hotspot, the Louisville hotspot is believed to have decreased in activity with time.
The Louisville hotspot may have created the Ontong Java Plateau, the world's largest oceanic plateau, around 120 million years ago. The modelled locations of the plateau and hotspot at the time do not coincide under one recent plate reconstruction, arguing against this, although other factors mean their linkage may still be possible.
See also
Christmas Island Seamount Province
Arago hotspot
Rarotonga hotspot
Hollister Ridge
Osbourn Seamount the oldest of the Louisville Ridge
References
Hotspots of the Pacific Ocean
Dennis Purperhart (born June 10, 1969 in Paramaribo) is a Surinamese professional footballer who last played as midfielder for Amsterdamsche FC.
External links
Living people
1969 births
Surinamese footballers
Surinamese expatriate footballers
Suriname international footballers
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
HFC Haarlem players
RKC Waalwijk players
Heracles Almelo players
TOP Oss players
S.V. Robinhood players
SVB Eerste Divisie players
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Surinamese expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Association football midfielders
Kattupalli (), is a suburb located North of Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India.
Location
Kattupalli is located in between Ennore, Pazhaverkadu and Minjur in North of Chennai. The arterial road in Kattupalli is Port access road (Ennore - Pazhaverkadu road).
Seawater Desalination Plant
The Minjur seawater desalination plant in Kattupalli plays a major role of water supply in North Chennai.
Kattupalli Port
The Kattupalli Port cum Shipyard is a private complex which has a port and a ship building unit. It is third largest port in Chennai after Chennai Port and Ennore Port. There were strong opposition from people for proposal of expanding the port.
References
External links
CMDA Official Webpage
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
The plain-mantled tit-spinetail (Leptasthenura aegithaloides) is a small passerine bird of South America belonging to the ovenbird family, Furnariidae. It is a common bird across much of Chile, southern and eastern Argentina, southern Peru and western Bolivia. It occurs from 0 to 4,300 metres above sea level in a variety of habitats including arid country, open woodland, forest edge, scrub, grassland, parks and gardens. It forages among leaves and branches, searching for insects.
It is 15 to 18 cm in length with the long, pointed tail feathers accounting for much of this. The bill is short and pointed and the wings are short and rounded. The plumage varies among the four subspecies. The nominate subspecies L. a. aegithaloides of central Chile is mainly brown with paler underparts, rufous markings on the wings and crown and a white stripe above the eye. The head and upper breast are streaked while the back is plain. L. a. berlepschi occurs high in the Andes in the northern part of the species' range and is larger and more buff-coloured than the other forms. L. a. grisescens is found in the arid lowlands of north Chile and south Peru. It is rather greyish in colour with little streaking on the breast. In most of Argentina and south Chile, L. a. pallida occurs. It is pale and greyish with only a small area of rufous in the wing.
The song and calls are loud, buzzy and chattering and vary between the different subspecies.
The nest is built in a hole in a cliff, bank, tree or cactus or in old dome-shaped nests of other birds such as canasteros. The nest is lined with grass and feathers and two to four small, white eggs are laid. The young birds are able to fly within three weeks.
References
Harris, Graham (1998) A Guide to the Birds and Mammals of Coastal Patagonia, Princeton University Press. Retrieved 06/06/07.
External links
Aves de Chile
Pájaros Argentinos
plain-mantled tit-spinetail
Birds of Peru
Birds of Chile
plain-mantled tit-spinetail
Taxa named by Heinrich von Kittlitz
Gusto, El Gusto or GUSTO may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
Gusto!, an album by the American punk rock group Guttermouth
Gusto (producer), an American house music DJ/producer
El Gusto, a 2012 Franco-Irish-Algerian documentary film
Gusto, a gangster in the American comedy film CB4
Augustus "Gusto" Gummi, a character in the animated TV series Adventures of the Gummi Bears
Gusto TV, original name of CTV Life Channel, a Canadian TV channel
Gusto (TV program), a Russian culinary entertainment program that has aired since 1993
Gusto Records, an American record label
Gusto Records (UK label), an imprint of defunct British record label Gut Records
Other uses
Gusto (company), a payroll and healthcare software provider
Gusto Shipyard, Schiedam, Netherlands, closed in 1978
Malo Gusto (born 2003), French footballer
GUSTO (telescope) ( (Galactic / Extragalactic ULDB Spectroscopic Terahertz Observatory), a planned high-altitude balloon mission that will carry aloft an infrared telescope
Project Gusto, a committee formed in 1957 to consider replacement candidates for the U2 reconnaissance airplane
See also
Gusta (disambiguation)
Auguste Gusteau, a character in the Pixar animated film Ratatouille
Silverville is an unincorporated community in Indian Creek Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
A post office was established at Silverville in 1851, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1906. Silverville was platted on July 26, 1855.
Geography
Silverville is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
County of Allegheny v. American Civil Liberties Union, 492 U.S. 573 (1989), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court considered the constitutionality of two recurring Christmas and Hanukkah holiday displays located on public property in downtown Pittsburgh. The first, a nativity scene (crèche), was placed on the grand staircase of the Allegheny County Courthouse. The second of the holiday display in question was an public Hanukkah menorah, which was placed just outside the City-County Building next to the city's decorated Christmas tree and a sign saluting liberty. The legality of the Christmas tree display was not considered in this case.
In a complex and fragmented decision, the majority held that the County of Allegheny violated the Establishment Clause by displaying a crèche in the county courthouse, because the "principal or primary effect" of the display was to advance religion within the meaning of Lemon v. Kurtzman (1971), when viewed in its overall context. Moreover, in contrast to Lynch v. Donnelly (1984), nothing in the crèche's setting detracted from that message.
A different majority held that the menorah display did not have the prohibited effect of endorsing religion, given its "particular physical setting". Its combined display with a Christmas tree and a sign saluting liberty did not impermissibly endorse both the Christian and Jewish faiths, but simply recognized that both Christmas and Hanukkah are part of the same winter-holiday season, which, the Court found, had attained a secular status in U.S. society.
Background
Since 1981, the Holy Name Society of Pittsburgh had placed a crèche on the grand staircase of the Allegheny County Courthouse. In 1986, the county also placed poinsettia plants and two Christmas trees around the crèche. Attached to the manger was an angel carrying a banner, with the words: Gloria in Excelsis Deo!
The Pittsburgh City-County Building (serving as City Hall) is separate from the courthouse, and is jointly owned by the city and county. The city had placed a 45-foot Christmas tree in front of the building "for a number of years." In 1986, the city placed a plaque beneath the tree with the mayor's name, entitled "Salute to Liberty." Below the title, the sign stated: "During this holiday season, the city of Pittsburgh salutes liberty. Let these festive lights remind us that we are the keepers of the flame of liberty and our legacy of freedom." Since 1982, the city had also placed a menorah with the Christmas tree in front of the City-County Building. The city did not own the menorah, but placed, removed, and stored it each year. The menorah was owned by Chabad House, Pittsburgh's Lubavitch Center.
On December 10, 1986, the Greater Pittsburgh Chapter of the ACLU and seven local residents sued the city of Pittsburgh and the county of Allegheny. The lawsuit sought to enjoin the county from displaying the crèche in the courthouse, and the city from displaying the menorah in front of the city-county building. Chabad was allowed to intervene to defend the menorah. The plaintiffs argued that the displays violated the Establishment Clause, applicable via the Fourteenth Amendment. On May 8, 1987, the District Court denied the injunction to remove either the crèche or the menorah. The Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit reversed the district court's ruling, stating that the two displays each violated the Establishment Clause. The county, city, and Chabad all subsequently filed petitions for certiorari.
Opinion of the Court
The majority holding of the Court found that the crèche display violated the Establishment Clause while the menorah did not. In her opinion, Justice O'Connor explained the slightly different reasons why she also supports Justice Blackmun's holding. Justice Brennan, joined by Justices Stevens and Marshall, joined parts III-A, IV, and V of Blackmun's opinion. However, Brennan disagreed with Blackmun and O'Connor's respective opinions by stating that the menorah and Christmas tree are also violations of the Establishment Clause. Justice Kennedy, joined by Chief Justice Rehnquist and Justices White and Scalia, disagreed with Blackmun's reasoning in part VI and agreed with the previous judgment of the district court. Justice Stevens, in his own opinion, stated that the appeals court was correct in its ruling. He believed that the menorah display, together with the Christmas tree, signified a double violation of the establishment clause. Since the menorah is a religious symbol, he felt that Judaism and Christianity were being endorsed by the government to the exclusion of all other religions.
The following table breaks down the Justices' opinions:
Part I
Justices Blackmun and O'Connor both believed that the Christmas tree is a secular symbol in American society today. However, Justice O'Connor states that the "menorah standing alone may well send a message of endorsement of the Jewish faith." By placing the menorah with the Christmas tree, she believed that the city is representing the pluralism of the freedom of religion.
Part II
Justice Blackmun believed that the menorah has become a secular symbol, emblematic of the "winter-holiday season." Justice Brennan disagreed with this, stating that the menorah retains religious meaning. Justice O'Connor joined in Justice Blackmun's belief.
Part III
In part III-A, Justice Blackmun discussed the Establishment Clause. In III-B, Justice Blackmun sets the issue of the case as deciding if the crèche and menorah have "the total effect of endorsing or disapproving religious beliefs." Justice Brennan dissented from the opinions of Justices O'Connor and Blackmun, which had proposed that the presence of multiple religious displays, so long as one is not favored over the other. Justices Blackmun and Brennan also argue that Hanukkah's social prominence in America may be due to the proximity to Christmas. Justice Blackmun stated that December is not the "winter holiday season" for Judaism, and believes that the presentation of the menorah with the Christmas tree promotes a "Christianized version of Judaism." Justice Brennan questions why the city recognizes a "relatively minor Jewish holiday," while not the "far more significant Jewish holidays of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur."
Part IV
Justice Blackmun found that the crèche endorsed a "patently Christian message," and permanently enjoined its display in the context presented. In his dissenting opinion, Justice Kennedy believed that the crèche does not fail the second prong of the Lemon test, and its display is therefore constitutional. He also concurred that the display of the menorah is constitutional.
Part V
Throughout Part V, Justice Blackmun attacked the reasoning of Justice Kennedy. Citing Marsh v. Chambers (1983), Justice Kennedy argued that the Constitution allows the display of the crèche. Justice Blackmun disagreed with Justice Kennedy's logic, arguing that Justice Kennedy advocates a lower level of scrutiny when evaluating the Establishment Clause.
Part VI
Justice Blackmun found that the menorah display did not endorse religion in violation of the Establishment Clause. However, the Court remanded the decision to the appeals court to decide whether the menorah failed the Lemon test on the "entanglement" and "purpose" prongs, which were not considered in this case.
Part VII
Justice Blackmun sums up the opinion, stating that the display of the crèche in the courthouse is unconstitutional. He also states that the display of the menorah in this "particular physical setting" is constitutional. The cases were remanded to the appeals court for further proceedings in light of this decision.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 492
List of United States Supreme Court cases
Lists of United States Supreme Court cases by volume
List of United States Supreme Court cases by the Rehnquist Court
Lemon v. Kurtzman (1971)
Lynch v. Donnelly (1984)
Pittsburgh Crèche
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
Establishment Clause case law
Hanukkah
1989 in United States case law
1989 in religion
American Civil Liberties Union litigation
History of Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Christmas in Pennsylvania
Forest Township may refer to:
Forest Township, Clinton County, Indiana
Forest Township, Winnebago County, Iowa
Forest Township, Cheboygan County, Michigan
Forest Township, Genesee County, Michigan
Forest Township, Missaukee County, Michigan
Forest Township, Becker County, Minnesota
Forest Township, Rice County, Minnesota
Forest Township, Holt County, Missouri
Township name disambiguation pages
Parque Prado is the largest of Montevideo's six principal public parks. Established in 1873, it covers an area of 106 hectares and is located in the barrio of Prado. Located in the northern part of the city, the Miguelete Creek flows through the neighbourhood and park of the same name.
The Presidential Residence is located behind the Botanical Gardens. Surrounded by the avenues Agraciada, Lucas Obes, Joaquín Suárez, Luis Alberto de Herrera and Castro streets and José María Reyes is Rosedal, the rose garden. The garden contains four pergolas, eight domes, and a fountain, while the 12,000 roses were imported from France in 1910.
There are two museums in the Prado. Established in 1930, Juan Manuel Blanes Museum is situated in the Palladian villa, a National Historic Landmark since 1975 and includes a Japanese garden. The Professor Atilio Lombardo Museum and Botanical Gardens were established in 1902. The National Institute of Physical Climatology and its observatory are also in the Prado.
Across the Miguelete Creek from the Juan Manuel Blanes Museum, in the neighbourhood of Paso de las Duranas is a smaller park area which is called Prado Chico (Small Prado) and is considered as an extension of the Prado Park.
References
External links
Parks in Montevideo
Protected areas established in 1873
Prado, Montevideo
Tranquillinus can refer to:
Tranquillinus, bishop of Tarragona (6th century).
Saint Tranquillinus, father of Saints Mark and Marcellian (3rd century)
Spanish is the first official language of Puerto Rico, while English is the second official language. Spanish has been an official language in Puerto Rico since it was colonized by Spain in the 15th century. English was introduced as an official language when the United States acquired Puerto Rico as a territory after the Spanish–American War and the Treaty of Paris in 1898.
Spanish is the most widely spoken and written language, and the vast majority of Puerto Ricans do not use English regularly other than some borrowed English words in their ordinary Spanish speech. Various surveys have found that the majority of Puerto Ricans are not fluent in English. Out of those age five and older, 76.6% of Puerto Rico did not speak English "very well," and 94.5% spoke a language other than English at home.
History
Government
The U.S. seized the island from Spain in 1898, and in 1902 as part of the Foraker Act, the Official Languages Act was instituted mandating that English and Spanish should be "used indiscriminately" in all official and public activities, with translation provided as necessary. Some interpret this as part of an Americanization process, others as a necessity for the functioning of the Executive Council in charge of Puerto Rico at the time, of which few or none of the mainland appointees spoke Spanish.
After the Spanish–American War, English was the sole language used by the military government of Puerto Rico, which consisted of officials appointed by the US Government. On 21 February 1902 a law was passed to use both English and Spanish as co-official languages in the government. When the new political status, the Commonwealth, came into effect in 1952, the Constitution stated nothing about the official language that would be used by the new government.
In 1991 the government of Puerto Rico, under the administration of PPD's Rafael Hernández Colón, made Spanish its sole official language through a law that was commonly called the "Spanish-only Law." In recognition of the historical defense of the Spanish language and culture, the Spanish Monarchy awarded Puerto Rico the Principe de Asturias' Prize that same year. However on 4 January 1993, the 12th Legislative Assembly, with the support of the newly elected PNP government of Pedro Rosselló González passed Senate Bill 1, establishing both Spanish and English as official languages of the government of Puerto Rico.
The people
In 2009, the grassroots community cultural organization Unidos por Nuestro Idioma ("United for our language"), whose goal is "defending Spanish in Puerto Rico", expressed concern that the use of English terms on official road signs reading "Welcome to Guaynabo City", and on mass transit ("City Hall" and "Downtown") as well as police cruisers ("San Juan Police Department") were evidence of the English language replacing Spanish in official use. The group advocates the defense and use of Spanish in Puerto Rico. The group states it is not against the use of English, recognizing the importance of Puerto Ricans learning it, but states that it should not displace Spanish.
Education
The same 21 February 1902 law that ordered the use of both English and Spanish as co-official languages in the government of Puerto Rico also made English the obligatory language of instruction in Puerto Rican high schools. In 1946, Vito Marcantonio introduced legislation to restore Spanish as the language of instruction in Puerto Rican schools asking President Truman to sign the bill, "in the name of the children of Puerto Rico who are being tortured by the prevailing system…to fight cultural chauvinism and to correct past errors." President Truman signed the bill. In 1948, schools were able to return to teaching in the Spanish language, but English was required in schools as a second language. In 1948, as a result of a decree by the Education Commissioner Mario Villaronga Spanish again became the language of instruction at schools, for all but the English course. The decree was binding on public schools.
Comparison with other Spanish-speaking territories
Puerto Rico had about a million residents at the time it was ceded by Spain to the United States in 1898. Over the years seven different laws have been passed with regards to the English language use in Puerto Rico. Some political parties resist the change, others welcome it. By way of contrast, the Spanish-speaking settlers in the vast territories obtained from Mexico after the Mexican–American War were promptly swamped by English-speaking American settlers, which is why the state governments that emerged in those territories all primarily use English today.
Present use
Government
The official languages of the executive branch of government of Puerto Rico are Spanish and English, with Spanish being the primary language. Spanish is, and has been, the only official language of the entire Commonwealth judiciary system, even despite a 1902 English-only language law. All official business of the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico, however, is conducted in English.
Population at large
Spanish and English are the two official (i.e., governmental) languages in Puerto Rico. Spanish is the dominant language of business, education and daily life on the island, spoken by over 95% of the population. That is, Spanish predominates as the national language. Regardless of the status of English as an official language or not, Spanish continues to be by far the most widely spoken and written language by the Puerto Rican people at large, and the vast majority of Puerto Ricans do not use English regularly other than some loaned English words during their ordinary Spanish-language speech. Various surveys have found that the majority of Puerto Ricans are not fluent in English. Out of those age five and older, 76.6% of Puerto Rico did not speak English "very well," and 94.5% spoke a language other than English at home.
According to a study done before 2009 by the University of Puerto Rico, nine of every ten Puerto Ricans residing in Puerto Rico do not speak English at an advanced level. More recently, according to the 2005–2009 Population and Housing Narrative Profile for Puerto Rico, among people at least five years old living in Puerto Rico in 2005–2009, 95 percent spoke a language other than English at home. Of those speaking a language other than English at home, more than 99 percent spoke Spanish and less than 0.5 percent spoke some other language; 85 percent reported that they did not speak English "very well." The 2000 U.S. Census had reported that 71.9% of Puerto Rico residents spoke English less than "very well".
Education and schooling
Public school instruction in Puerto Rico is conducted entirely in Spanish. In 2012, however, there were pilot programs in about a dozen of over 1,400 public schools aimed at conducting instruction in English only. English is taught as a second language and is a compulsory subject from elementary levels to high school. In 2012 pro-U.S. statehood Governor Luis Fortuño proposed that all courses in Puerto Rico public schools be taught in English instead of Spanish as they currently are. The proposal met with stiff opposition from the Puerto Rico Teachers Association while others, including former Education Secretary Gloria Baquero, were pessimistic about the success of the governor's plan overall for reasons that ranged from historical to cultural to political.
This 10-year plan is still underway, but there are some private schools that already have existing English-based curricula.
Linguistic influences
English on Spanish
Because of the island's current relationship with the U.S., English has a substantial presence and is seen in various media outlets including newspapers, magazines, cable TV, radio stations, and commercial signs. As a result of this exposure, Puerto Ricans often mix elements of the English language into their own Spanish language, developing new linguistic forms. This kind of incorporation of English into Puerto Rican Spanish is called anglicism, and three prominent forms of anglicism present in Puerto Rico are total linguistic borrowing, semantic borrowing, and syntactical borrowing.
Total linguistic borrowing occurs when an English word is used in Spanish with more or less the same pronunciation. A few examples in which the complete English word has been borrowed are: flashlight, Girl Scout, and weekend. The standard Spanish words for these are linterna, exploradora, and fin de semana, respectively. Examples in which the English words or terms are used while pronounced according to the native rules are seen for the English word/term to park, where it is said and pronounced as parquear, instead of the South American/Caribbean-Spanish word for to park which is estacionar. Other examples of this are the English word pamphlet, said as panfleto instead of folleto, and the English word muffler, said as mofle instead of silenciador.
In semantic borrowing, the meaning of a Spanish word is altered or changed because of its similarity to an English word. For example, the Spanish word romance refers to a poetic literary composition, however, it has been given the English meaning of the English word romance. The Spanish word for romance is actually idilio. Another example of this is the Spanish word bloques, which means "building blocks", but is given the English meaning of "street blocks". The actual South American/Caribbean-Spanish word that means "street blocks" is cuadras.
In syntactical borrowing, Spanish words are used in an English sentence structure. For example, in Spanish, personal pronoun subjects are not included as frequently as in English: "I run" is often said as "yo corro" instead as "corro". Another example: "He has cordially invited his friend" is often said as "Él ha cordialmente invitado a su amigo" instead of "Él ha invitado cordialmente a su amigo" or "Ha invitado cordialmente a su amigo." There is a phonological influence of American English on Puerto Rican Spanish, wherein syllable-final can be realized as , aside from , , and [l]; "verso"''' (verse) becomes , aside from , , or , "invierno" (winter) becomes , aside from , , or , and "parlamento" (parliament) becomes , aside from , , or []. In word-final position, will usually be;
either a trill, a tap, approximant, , or elided when followed by a consonant or a pause, as in amo paterno 'paternal love', amor ),
a tap, approximant, or when the followed by a vowel-initial word, as in amo eterno 'eternal love').
Spanish on English
There is an important influence of Puerto Rican Spanish on the accent of American English. As with any other case of a non-native learning a language, many Puerto Ricans learn a particular accent of English. If learned in the US, they may speak English as it is spoken in their region. Some Puerto Ricans still residing in the island acquire a distinctly American accent when speaking. Others will develop different variations of the accent depending on who or what the main influence was during the learning process. This is due not only to the fact that English is taught from the first grade in most schools, but also that most English teachers (particularly private school teachers) are very fluent in the language.
Residents of areas with large populations of African descendants such as Loiza, or the islands of Vieques and Culebra, tend to acquire a distinct Caribbean accent when speaking English, similar to that of nearby islands in the West Indies, most notably the nearby Virgin Islands. These residents typically retain American English phonology. A Puerto Rican's accent depends entirely on who or what was the main influence during the learning process of the English language. Because of this, there is no definitive Puerto Rican accent in English.
Cultural issues
2012 Republican primary
In 2012 U.S. presidential candidate Rick Santorum caused a firestorm during the runup to the Puerto Rican Republican primary by stating that if Puerto Rico opted to become a state, it would have to make English its primary language. As the New York Times reported:
Santorum opponent Mitt Romney's campaign issued a statement contrasting his position on the issue with Santorum's. "Puerto Rico currently recognizes both English and Spanish as the official languages of the commonwealth," Romney spokeswoman Andrea Saul said. "Gov. Romney believes that English is the language of opportunity and supports efforts to expand English proficiency in Puerto Rico and across America. However, he would not, as a prerequisite for statehood, require that the people of Puerto Rico cease using Spanish."
See also
Puerto Rican Spanish
History of Puerto Rico
English language
American English
Caribbean English
References
Further reading
Muniz-Arguelles, Luis. The Status of Languages in Puerto Rico. University of Puerto Rico. 1986. Page 466. Retrieved 23 November 2012.
Pueblo v. Tribunal Superior, 92 D.P.R. 596 (1965). Translation taken from the English text, 92 P.R.R. 580 (1965), pp. 588–589.
Lopez-Baralt, Negron. Pueblo v. Tribunal Superior: Espanol: Idioma del proceso judicial'', 36 Revista Juridica de la Universidad de Puerto Rico. 396 (1967).
Vientos, Gaston. "Informe del Procurador General sobre el idioma", 36 Rev. Col. Ab. (P.R.) 843 (1975).
External links
"Informe Final sobre el Idioma en Puerto Rico" (Final report about language in Puerto Rico), Senate of Puerto Rico, Commission of Education, Science, and Culture, 2 January 2001, submitted by Commission President Hon. Margarita Ostolaza Bey
Language Use and English-Speaking Ability: 2000 Census 2000 Brief
Languages attested from the 1890s
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Languages of Puerto Rico
English language in the United States
Puerto Rico
Johann Gottlieb Hensel (born 1728 in Hubertusburg, died 1787 in Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German actor.
He was associated with some of the leading theatres of the 18th century, such as the Ackermann Company in Hamburg, the Hamburg National Theatre and the Seyler Theatre Company, and was mentioned by Lessing in the Hamburg Dramaturgy and lauded for his portrayal of comic old people and servants. He is however best known as the first husband of the far more prominent actress Friederike Sophie Hensel, later Seyler (née Sparmann), a prominent figure in the history of theatre in the 18th century.
Career
Hensel was born Hubertusburg. He joined the troupe of Harlekin Kirsch in Lusatia in 1754. In 1755 he married the actress Friederike Sophie Sparmann, and they both joined the troupe of Franz Schuch in Breslau at the end of the year. In 1757 they joined Konrad Ernst Ackermann's company in Hamburg. They lived apart from the end of 1757, when his wife went to Vienna, and later divorced. Friederike Sophie would later marry the famous theatre director Abel Seyler.
In 1758 Johann Gottlieb Hensel joined the Kirchhoff Company. In 1764 he had rejoined the Ackermann Company. In 1767 he was one of the members of the Hamburg National Theatre led by Abel Seyler; he was mentioned by Lessing in the Hamburg Dramaturgy and lauded for his portrayal of comic old people and servants. At the end of 1767 he joined Karl Theophil Döbbelin's company. In 1769 he joined the Seyler Theatre Company; finally, he joined the company of Joseph Voltolini, and stayed with Voltolini until his death.
Uncharacteristic for a protestant, his funeral was carried out in a most festive way with the participation from Catholic clergy as well as actors and academics.
In the history of theatre Hensel is best known as the first husband of the actress Friederike Sophie Hensel, later Seyler, the leading German actress in the second half of the 18th century.
References
1728 births
1787 deaths
German male stage actors
Seyler theatrical company
18th-century German male actors
Edaneeru is a hamlet in the Chengala village of Kasaragod district, Kerala State of India.
Post Office
Edaneeru has a branch post office and pin code is 671541.
Schools
HHSIBSHSS (His Holiness Sri ishwarananda Bharathi Swamiji's Higher Secondary School), Edneer.
Sri Vidhyamandir English Medium School
Government Higher Secondary School, Edneer.
Swamiji's High School, Edneer.
Government Upper Primary School, Edneer.
Religious Establishments and Temples
Shri Edneer Mutt.
Shri Edneer Mutt belongs to the parampara of Sri Thotakacharya, one of the first four disciples of Sri Adi Shankaracharya and follows the unique Smartha Bhagawatha tradition of Advaitha Pantha which has more than 1200 years of glorious history of religion, culture, art, music and social service.
Srimad Jagadguru Sri Sri Sankaracharya Thotakacharya Keshavananda Bharathi Sripadangalavaru (also known as Edneer Swamiji or Pontiff of Edneer/Kerala Shankaracharya or Shankaracharya of Kerala) is the present head and Guru of Sri Edneer Mutt. He is the only Shankaracharya in the whole state of Kerala.
Shri Keshavananda Bharathi is also the most referred name in the Indian Constitutional Law.
Edneer Mutt is also one of the important tourist destinations of Kasaragod district, Kerala State of India.
- Shri Vishnumangala Temple
- Sri Khana Vanashasthaveshwara Temple
- Sri Mopala Sri MahaVishnu Temple
Related Links
Edneer Mutt
Sri Kesavananda Bharati
Kesavananda Bharati v. State of Kerala
References
Suburbs of Kasaragod
Gordon Trimble, a member of the United States Republican Party, represents the 12th Senatorial District in the Hawaii State Senate of the Hawaii State Legislature. The 12th Senatorial District includes the Kapahulu, Waikiki, Ala Moana, Kakaako and Downtown areas on the island of Oahu. Democrat Robert Brooks was Sen. Trimble's challenger in the 2006 elections.
Trimble has BA degree in economics from Rutgers University and an MA degree in economics from the University of Hawaii at Manoa. From 1974 to 2000, Trimble was an Economist, Trade Representative and Administrator for Foreign-Trade Zone #9, for the Hawaii State Department of Business and Economic Development. From 1973 to 1974, Trimble was a Research Assistant for the Hawaii State Commission on Operations, Revenues & Expenditures.
Born April 27, 1944, Trimble has been a Hawaii resident since 1969. He is married and has a son. He is the younger brother of Charles Trimble, founder of Trimble Inc.
Member of the following Senate committees
Energy and Environment
Tourism and Government Operations
Sources
This article incorporates text from Gordon Trimble at dKosopedia under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License.
External links
Gordon Trimble (Hawaii State Legislature)
Sierra Club Environmental Legislative Scorecard 2003-2004 -- Trimble 38% (Sierra Club of Hawaii)
Senate bills ban anti-gay bias -- BYU-Hawaii wins exemption from a measure prohibiting discrimination in work and housing (Honolulu Star-Bulletin, 4-5-05)
Hawaii Republicans
Living people
Hawaii state senators
1944 births
The 1936 Northern Illinois State Evansmen football team represented Northern Illinois State Teachers College—now known as Northern Illinois University—as a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (IIAC) during the 1936 college football season. Led by eighth-year head coach Chick Evans, the Evansmen compiled an overall record of 4–3–1 with a mark of 3–2–1 in conference play, tying for seventh place in the IIAC. The team played home games at the 5,500-seat Glidden Field, located on the east end of campus, in DeKalb, Illinois.
Schedule
References
Northern Illinois State
Northern Illinois Huskies football seasons
Northern Illinois State Evansmen football
Il Capitale Culturale: Studies on the Value of Cultural Heritage is an electronic scientific journal, published in Open Access by eum - edizioni università di macerata., promoted by the University of Macerata (Italy), and founded by Massimo Montella in 2010.
The journal mission declares its intention to achieve the goal of implementing studies, research and planning activities for enhancing cultural heritage. It publishes two issues per year, plus special supplements dedicated to conference proceedings or to special topics. Each contribution, released under the Creative Commons BY-SA license, is identified by a DOI, Digital Object Identifier
It is based on the Open Journal Systems software, and indexed by some international bibliographic services, such as the DOAJ - Directory of open access journals, the Web of Science - Emerging Sources Citation Index, and Scopus.
The editor-in-chief, after the loss of the founder, is Pietro Petraroia
References
External links
website of Il capitale culturale
Papers published on "Il capitale culturale" indexed by DOAJ
Papers published on "Il capitale culturale" indexed by Google Scholar
Cultural journals
The Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture (Burke Museum) is a natural history museum in Seattle, Washington, in the United States. Established in 1899 as the Washington State Museum, it traces its origins to a high school naturalist club formed in 1879. The museum is the oldest in Washington state and boasts a collection of more than 16 million artifacts, including the world's largest collection of spread bird wings. Located on the campus of the University of Washington, the Burke Museum is the official state museum of Washington.
History
Young Naturalists Society
The roots of the Burke Museum can be traced to a natural history club formed by high school students in the 19th century. The group was formed in December 1879 by students Edmond S. Meany, J. O. Young, P. Brooks Randolph, and Charles Denny. Denny's father, city founder Arthur Denny, was a regent of the Territorial University of Washington and arranged for the group to meet on campus. The Young Naturalists adopted a constitution and bylaws, and the official name "Young Naturalists Society," in 1880. As the founding members graduated from high school and matriculated to the university, the membership of the Young Naturalists expanded to include university students.
In 1882 Orson "Bug" Johnson (Orson Bennett Johnson) was retained as a biology instructor at the University of Washington, bringing 20,000 animal specimens with him. Johnson immediately involved himself with the Young Naturalists, and the addition of his collection gave the club the largest natural history collection in the Pacific Northwest. Under Johnson's direction, the Young Naturalists began expanding this nucleus of specimens and artifacts, which were stored in a backroom of the Denny home. A permanent structure to house the growing collection was built on the Territorial University's campus in 1886, with the club soliciting donations to fund its construction. Many specimens in the collection were regularly borrowed by university faculty to assist in instruction.
In the 1890s Edmond Meany returned to teach history at the university. He led a revitalization of the group that he had helped found a decade before, bringing in new members, including women. By this point the society's collection had grown to include more than 60,000 specimens.
Transition to the Washington State Museum
The University of Washington moved its campus from downtown Seattle to its present location in 1895. The portion of the Young Naturalists collection that had been used in university instruction was relocated to the university's Denny Hall while the remainder stayed in the Young Naturalists clubhouse downtown. In 1899 the Washington State Legislature designated the portion of Denny Hall used to house the collection as the Washington State Museum. In 1904 the Young Naturalists voted to donate the rest of their collection to the Washington State Museum and disband.
Carousel of buildings
The 1909 Alaska–Yukon–Pacific Exposition (AYP Expo) brought a boon of construction to the University of Washington's campus. When the fair ended, the Washington State Museum moved into its first dedicated building, the fair's former California Building.
Persistent leaks in that facility caused it to later relocate to the fair's former Forestry Building which, it was soon discovered, was infested with bark beetles. For four years, from 1923 to 1927, the museum's collections were disbursed around campus.
The situation was finally resolved in 1927 when the museum moved into what had originally been constructed as the Washington State Building for the AYP Expo.
In 1929, Erna Gunther became the museum's director, a post she would hold for more than 25 years.
The museum found itself, once again, displaced in 1957 after its AYP Expo-era building was condemned.
New name and buildings
When Thomas Burke died in 1925, his wife, Caroline McGilvra Burke, sought an appropriate monument for her husband that would "advance the cause of a better mutual understanding between ... the people of the Pacific shores." A collector of Native American artifacts herself, she bequeathed her personal collection to the museum following her death in 1932. The Burke estate offered to help fund a new state museum, with one major stipulation - the structure had to be named after Burke. Some University officials balked at this, as did Erna Gunther. The institution had been known as the Washington State Museum since 1899, and the Burke funds would only go toward a third of the construction costs. Other funds came from a National Science Foundation grant, but the new building was still smaller than one that Erna Gunther recommended. Nevertheless, the new facility was ultimately dedicated on May 3, 1964, with its new director, Walter A. Fairservis, at the helm.
In 1996, the museum launched a ten-year plan to move its exhibition space off campus and into a downtown Seattle location. Under the proposal, curators and preservationists would continue to work at the University of Washington while exhibits would be hosted at a new site. The proposal ultimately did not materialize. In 2014, the museum made another push for a new facility, asking the Washington State Legislature for half the $95 million needed to construct a 110,000 square-foot facility to replace its current building. The new Burke Museum building finished construction in 2018, and the old building closed at the end of the year to transfer the collection's 16 million items before its demolition in April 2019. The new museum cost $106 million to construct and opened to the public on October 12, 2019. The new building, designed by UW alum Tom Kundig, features large windows into research areas to showcase parts of the collection that were not previously exhibited. A garden with 60 species of Washington-native plants will be planted around the new building and its adjacent courtyard, designed to host small events. The new museum also has a small cafe, Off the Rez, that serves Native American cuisine.
Collections
The museum houses more than 16 million artifacts and specimens in its anthropology, biology, and geology research divisions. According to the museum, its ornithology division includes the largest collection of spread bird wings in the world, while the museum's collection of frozen bird tissues is the world's second largest. The Mammalogy Collection, which is managed by University of Washington professor and Burke Museum curator Sharlene Santana, contains more than 55,000 mammal specimens, and is regarded as the 10th largest collection of mammals in a North American university. The museum states that its collection of Northwest Coast ethnographic material is the fifth largest collection of Native American art in the world, numbering 10,000 objects, among which are "the important early Swan, Eells, Emmons, and Waters collections, as well as the unmatched Blackman-Hall and Ottenberg contemporary silkscreen print collections, and the Steinman contemporary Northwest Coast sculpture collection." The museum's Northwest Coast image research database includes "the Holm/Wright collection of images of Northwest Coast art from 200 museums and private collections, the Harris collection of Northwest Coast silver jewelry images, and de Menil photographs of Northwest Coast totem poles, as well as the George MacDonald Archive of historical Northwest Coast photographs."
Exhibits
Past long-term exhibits
Prior to its temporary closure in 2018, the museum displayed three long-term exhibits: "Life and Times of Washington State," "Pacific Voices," and "Treasures of the Burke." "Life and Times of Washington State" was a natural history exhibit on the 545-million-year evolution of the Northwest region. Features of this exhibit included large-scale fossils such as an Allosaurus skeleton cast and a giant ground sloth fossil found during the construction of Sea-Tac International Airport. There were also displays that explained the geologic history of the area and its influence on the terrain and climate.
"Pacific Voices" was a cultural exhibit that told the stories or traditions of 19 different Native American and Pacific Rim cultures through art, artifacts, ceremonial objects, and audio/visual documentaries.
Temporary exhibits
The Burke also hosts a schedule of different exhibits throughout the year in its temporary gallery. These changing exhibits include traveling exhibits organized by other institutions and original exhibits curated by Burke staff. In November of 2022 the Burke will host "Body Language: Reawakening Cultural Tattooing of the Northwest."
Present long-term exhibits
The museum reopened in its new building on October 12, 2019, with several new exhibits: "Culture is Living," "Northwest Native Art," "Amazing Life," "Our Material World," and "Fossils Uncovered." Each gallery focuses on a particular category of Washington State natural history and culture. In "Culture is Living," patrons can engage with objects past and present and hear from community across the Pacific. "Fossils Uncovered" includes one of the best-preserved T. rex skulls in the world, as well as numerous other fossils.
Museum governance
Governing body
The museum is administered through the University of Washington College of Arts and Sciences; the University of Washington Board of Regents serves as the museum's governing body.
BMA
The Burke Museum Association (BMA) is an organization made up of the Burke's Board of Trustees and an advisory council. Their mission is to actively support the Burke Museum by increasing public visibility, raising public and private funds to support programming and future expansion, and providing strong ties to the community.
Funding
In 2009, the museum had an annual budget of about $5 million, half of which came from an appropriation from the state of Washington. The budget did not include substantial in-kind support provided by the University of Washington as owner of the Burke property. Other sources of funding include interest from its endowment (10 percent), foundation grants and individual donations (27 percent), and admission fees and gift shop sales (13 percent).
References
External links
Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture
Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture at Google Cultural Institute
1899 establishments in Washington (state)
Coast Salish museums in Washington (state)
Dinosaur museums in the United States
Institutions accredited by the American Alliance of Museums
Museums established in 1899
Museums in Seattle
Natural history museums in Washington (state)
Paleontology in Washington (state)
University museums in Washington (state)
University of Washington campus
Science museums in Washington (state)
Ida Mary Barry Ryan (December 21, 1854 – October 17, 1917) was an American philanthropist. She was active in building, endowing, and assisting over 100 churches, chapels, hospitals, and various charities, to which she gave more than .
Early life
Ida Mary Barry was born in Baltimore, Maryland, December 21, 1854. Her father, Captain John Smith Barry (1829-1872), was a prominent merchant and the owner of a line of vessels plying between Baltimore and the West Indies. Captain Barry was the son of Robert Barry, who married Amelia, daughter of Col. Dennis Ramsay, of Alexandria, Virginia, a colonel in the Revolutionary Army. Her mother was Rosalie (Hillard) Barry (1832-1905). Ida had ten siblings: Benjamin Hillard Barry (1849–1850), Robert Barry (1851–1854), John S. Barry (1853–1854), Anna Hillard Barry (1857–1857), Rosalie C Barry (1859–?), John S. Barry (1861–1862), Amelia R. Barry (1862–1863), Henry A. Barry (1863–1892), J. Bardwell Barry (1866–1867), and Joseph Allen Barry (1869–1939).
Career
On November 25, 1873, she married Thomas Fortune Ryan. She and her husband were generous contributors to many of the charitable institutions and philanthropic work of the church, especially in Virginia. They furnished the interior of the Cathedral of the Sacred Heart of Richmond, Virginia which had been given to the city by her husband, at a cost of . They built the Sacred Heart Church, Washington Ward, and Sacred Heart Cathedral School at Richmond; and the church and convent at Falls Church, Virginia. They contributed to churches at Hot Springs, Virginia, Harrisburg, Virginia, and Keyser, West Virginia; the chapel at Suffern, New York, where their summer home was located, and together gave Ryan Hall and a wing to Georgetown University, Georgetown, Washington, D.C. She built a hospital annex for Sisters of Charity in New York City.
Personal life and legacy
Mr. and Mrs. Ryan had eight children: John Barry Ryan Sr. (1874–1942), Thomas Fortune Ryan Jr. (1876–1882), William Keane Ryan (1878–1906), Allan Aloysius Ryan Sr. (1880–1940), Clendenin James Ryan Sr. (1882–1939), Mary Loretta Ryan (1884–1889), James Joseph Ryan (1890–1920), Mary Ryan (1892–?).
In 1915, Mr. and Mrs. Ryan visited California.
Ida Mary Barry Ryan died from heart disease after being taken suddenly ill at her country home at Suffern, October 17, 1917. Interment was at St. Andrew-on-Hudson.
Awards and honors
She was decorated with the Cross of St. Gregory and made a Countess by Pope Pius X for her philanthropic work.
References
1854 births
1917 deaths
Dames Grand Cross of the Order of St Gregory the Great
20th-century American philanthropists
Catholics from Maryland
People from Baltimore
"So Wat Cha Sayin'" is the only single released from, EPMD's second album, Unfinished Business. Produced by EPMD with scratches provided by DJ Scratch, "So Wat Cha Sayin'" made it to three Billboard charts, peaking at #5 on the Hot Rap Singles. The video was directed by Adam Bernstein, who previously directed EPMD's 1988 video for "You Gots to Chill".
In 2001, Beanie Sigel & Memphis Bleek did a cover version of this song on a song of the same name on Beanie Sigel's The Reason (Beanie Sigel album) album with Beanie covering Erick Sermon's verses & Bleek covering Parrish Smith's verses.
Single track listing
"So Wat Cha Sayin'" (Club Version)- 4:55
"So Wat Cha Sayin'" (Dub Version)- 4:53
"So Wat Cha Sayin'" (Radio Version)- 3:45
Charts
References
1989 singles
EPMD songs
Songs written by Erick Sermon
1989 songs
Songs written by PMD (rapper)
Thomas Frederic Rimell (24 June 1913 – 12 July 1981), better known as Fred Rimell, was a British champion National Hunt racing jockey and horse trainer. He was champion jockey three times and leading trainer five times. Rimell was the first jumping trainer to earn £1 million in prize money for his owners.
Rimell gained the title of “Mr Grand National”, having trained four winning horses of the steeplechase. They were ESB (1956), Nicolaus Silver (1961), Gay Trip (1970) and Rag Trade, who beat Red Rum in the 1976 Grand National
Rimell was also responsible for two Cheltenham Gold Cup winners. He trained Woodland Venture to victory in 1967 ridden by Terry Biddlecombe and in 1976 Royal Frolic came home first with John Burke in the saddle.
After his death in July 1981, his widow, Mercy (née Cockburn; born 27 June 1919, Budbrooke, Warwickshire – died 6 July 2017) assumed the training licence at Kinnersley, Worcestershire and continued to train top class winners. She won the 1983 Champion Hurdle with Gaye Brief. She retired in 1989 and died in 2017, aged 98.
References
1913 births
1981 deaths
British Champion jumps jockeys
British horse trainers
English jockeys
is a railway station in the city of Murakami, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Murakami Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line, and is 51.6 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Niitsu Station.
Station layout
The station consists of two ground-level opposed side platforms connected by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Hirabayashi Station opened on 15 May 1952. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Surrounding area
Hirabayashi Post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
Murakami, Niigata
The 2022 NCAA Men's College World Series was the final stage of the 2022 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament. It was scheduled from June 17–27 at Charles Schwab Field Omaha in Omaha, Nebraska, but ended on June 26. This marked the 75th edition of the College World Series and 72nd time the event was held in Omaha.
The tournament featured eight teams in two double elimination brackets with the two winners meeting in a best-of-three championship series.
Background
The 2022 edition of the NCAA Men's College World Series featured four teams from the SEC, all from the conference's West Division; two from the Big 12, both of which have announced they will join the SEC no later than the 2025–26 school year; and one each from the ACC and Pac-12. Most of these teams advanced to Omaha by winning on the road, as only two were national seeds. The top national seed, Tennessee, was eliminated in its Super Regional by Notre Dame in a series that went the full three games. In the MCWS itself, the #2 national seed Stanford and Texas quickly went two-and-out, with the Cardinal first getting destroyed by Arkansas 17-2 then losing handily to Auburn. The Longhorns lost their opener to Notre Dame, then exited after being hammered by the #5 national seed, archrival Texas A&M. A&M reached the Bracket 1 final, losing there to Oklahoma.
Ole Miss went 5–1 at the MCWS, beating the Auburn Tigers once and the Arkansas Razorbacks twice in three matchups to advance to the championship series, where they swept Oklahoma to win the World Series. Ole Miss defeated the Sooners 10-3 in Game 1 and 4-2 in Game 2 to win the MCWS title, the school's first in any men's sport (and only its second overall, after the women's golf title in 2021).
Participants
Bracket
Seeds listed below indicate national seeds only
Game results
Bracket 1
Bracket 2
Finals
Game 1
Game 2
All-Tournament Team
The following players were members of the Men's College World Series All-Tournament Team.
Notes
References
External links
NCAA Baseball Championship Information
2022
2022 in baseball
2022 in sports in Nebraska
2022 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament
2022 College World Series
2022 College World Series
June 2022 sports events in the United States
2022 College World Series
2022 College World Series
Statistics of Guam League in the 2000 season.
Overview
Coors Light Silver Bullets won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Christian Clark (born 15 September 1978) is an Australian actor and business owner. Christian appeared in the role of Will Griggs in the Network Ten soap opera Neighbours from 2006 to 2007 and played Penn Graham in Home and Away in 2010.
Career
Clark graduated from Screenwise, Australia's leading film and television school for actors in Sydney. He is a former personal trainer and international model. Clark has also appeared in various commercials aired around the world. He appeared alongside Bec Cartwright in her music video for "On the Borderline".
After studying with various acting schools in Sydney and New York, Clark joined the cast of Neighbours in 2006, playing Will Griggs. Clark chose not to renew his twelve-week contract with Network Ten and departed in January 2007.
Clark has had roles in a number of films including Gabriel, directed by Shane Abbess and Gates of Hell directed by Kelly Dolen. Clark followed these with thriller features Prey with Natalie Bassingthwaighte and Crush with Chris Egan and Emma Lung. Clark also produces and writes between acting roles, co-producing the comedy feature Squid, while starring alongside Josh Lawson and Ed Kavalee. Clark produced and starred in Scumbus, a film by Ed Kavalee, which starred an ensemble comedy cast of Toby Truslove, Ed Kavalee, Glen Robbins, Peter Helliar, Dave Hughes, Tony Martin, Henry Nixon.
Clark has appeared in television shows False Witness, Rescue: Special Ops, Mr & Mrs Murder and various short films and pilots. In 2010, Clark joined Home and Away as the mysterious Penn Graham, a man who terrorised established character Alf Stewart (Ray Meagher).
Clark starred as Jason in Border Protection Squad with Peter Helliar and Ryan Shelton, directed by Ed Kavalee, also starring Dave Hughes, Andy Lee, Lachy Hulme, Fitzy, Ash Williams, Luke McGregor, Tony Martin. He also had a supporting role in the 2012 Australian comedy Any Questions for Ben?, created by Working Dog Productions.
Clark starred as Jakob in Nerve which premiered at Sydney Film Festival. It also starred Gary Sweet, Georgina Haig, Craig Hall, Denise Roberts and Sara Wiseman.
Filmography
References
External links
Screenwise
Australian male soap opera actors
Australian male film actors
Australian male models
1979 births
Living people
Canada Country is a chart published weekly by Billboard magazine.
This 50-position chart lists the most popular country music songs, calculated weekly by airplay on 46 country music stations across the country as monitored by Nielsen BDS. Songs are ranked by total plays. As with most other Billboard charts, the Canada Country chart features a rule for when a song enters recurrent rotation. A song is declared recurrent if it has been on the chart longer than 30 weeks and is lower than number 20 in rank.
These are the Canadian number-one country singles of 2021, per the BDS Canada Country Airplay chart. A Canadian flag denotes a Canadian artist.
See also
2021 in country music
List of Billboard number-one country songs of 2021
References
External links
Current Billboard Canada Country chart
Lists of number-one country songs in Canada
2021 in Canadian music
Canada
Eilema bifasciata is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Mozambique and South Africa.
References
bifasciata
Insects of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Fauna of Mozambique
Moths of Africa
Electus Comfort (1826June 12, 1894) was a 19th-century Sandy Hook pilot, in active pilot service for 42 years. He was known as the "Beau Brummell of the Sea". He was the captain for the 19th-century Sandy Hook pilot boat Joseph F. Loubat, No. 16.
Early life
Comfort married Mary Mead. They had two children, Sarah F. Comfort born in 1850 and Emma L. Comfort born in 1860, both from New York. Mary died on March 27, 1907.
Career
Comfort started as pilot in 1851 and was in active service for 42 years. He was registered as captain of the pilot boat Christian Bergh and the Joseph F. Loubat, No. 16, that were owned by Comfort and other New York pilots.
As part-owner of the Loubat pilot boat, Comfort was invited to assist in the ceremonies of the launch at the Jacob S. Ellis's shipyard in Tottenville, Staten Island, on Saturday, December 18, 1880. The launch consisted of the four owners, a large number of pilots and their families and friends. Captain Comfort would be in command of the J. F. Loubat.
Comfort was also Master of the pilot-boat Christian Bergh, that was built in 1851, by Aaron J. Westervelt at the Westervelt & Co. shipyard in New York City .
His well-dressed appearance was typical of some of the New York pilots as a way to show their wealth. He wore a silk top hat, frock coat, boiled shirt and a bow tie. He had gray whiskers and smoked a cigar.
Comfort was elected Treasurer of the New York Sandy Hook Pilots' Charitable Fund'' on February 8, 1893. The charitable fund provided pensions to pilots, burials, etc. Another notable officer elected was Captain Walter Brewer as Secretary. Comfort was also a trustee of the Charitable Fund, that in 1894, supported 29 widows, 14 children, and 4 men.
Death
Comfort died on June 12, 1894 in Brooklyn, New York at age 69. Funeral services were at his residence, 465 Lexington Avenue, Brooklyn. At the time of his death he was a member of the John D. Willard Lodge, No. 250, F and A.
See also
List of Northeastern U. S. Pilot Boats
References
External links
The Sandy Hook Pilots website
1826 births
1894 deaths
Sea captains
Maritime pilotage
People from Brooklyn
Charitina of Lithuania (died 1281) is a saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church. Her feast is on 5 October. Because her hagiography did not survive, very little is known about her life.
Charitina was a noblewoman from the pagan Grand Duchy of Lithuania who became a nun in Novgorod. Possibly she was arranged to marry a Prince of Novgorod, but that could be a conflation of Charitina with who was betrothed to Fyodor, the eldest son of Yaroslav II of Vladimir. In Novgorod, unmarried Charitina entered the Monastery of Saints Peter and Paul. There she earned the reputation of piousness and became an abbess. In 2009, Lithuanian historian Algimantas Bučys raised a hypothesis that she might be a daughter of Tautvilas, who escaped to Novgorod after her father's murder by Treniota.
References
1281 deaths
Lithuanian saints
Eastern Orthodox saints
13th-century Christian saints
Year of birth unknown
Christian female saints of the Middle Ages
13th-century Lithuanian people
13th-century Lithuanian women
Graciela Carrillo (born in Los Angeles in 1950) is a Chicana artist and muralist in San Francisco and member of the all-female Chicana/Latina artist group Mujeres Muralistas. She is a co-founder of Galería de la Raza, a gallery utilized to showcase the everyday lives of the Chicano community through art during the Chicano Civil Rights movement through the Chicano muralist movement.
Biography
Education
Graciela Carrillo attended San Jose State University when she was living in Los Angeles, California. Like her contemporary and friend, Patricia Rodriguez, Graciela Carrillo moved to San Francisco where she attended the San Francisco Art Institute in 1969 through a scholarship. She attended the art institute at the same time as Patricia Rodriguez where they eventually became roommates and ideas about their mission would surface. By being allowed to study as a Chicana woman, Carrillo was able to learn about classic mural art which enabled her to create her own mural art with Las Mujeres Muralistas where she infused her knowledge from school and her contemporaries.
Mission
Graciela Carrillo created art with ideological stances as a Chicana artist. Her letter as a response to Malaquías Montoya's essay, “A Critical Perspective in the State of Chicano Art,” reveals her mission as a Chicana artist. In this letter, Graciela challenges the author's rhetorical style that is difficult to read and their Marxist and sexist perspectives that ignore Chicana artists' struggle to create art while juggling different aspects in life as a woman. Her letter to Montoya highlights her goal to deconstruct the dominant and ideal versions of art in response to gender differences and male dominated careers.
The principles behind mural-making in Las Mujeres Muralistas mural collective emphasizes the significance that collectivity has through mural making for these Chicana women. Though many art critics argue that their art is not “political enough,” they highlight that their art is also for the purpose of community and children. They create art in order to bring art closer to the people in underrepresented and disenfranchised communities.
Art
Latino-America
In Latino-America, Graciela Carrillo, Patricia Rodríguez, Consuelo Mendez, and Irene Pérez - and their four assistants - Tuti Rodriguez, Miriam Olivas, Xochitl Nevel-Guerrero, and Estér Hernández painted a mural on a high wall. This mural was notable for using only and all female artists which led to the leading artists being named La Mujeres Muralistas. It was commissioned by Mission Model Cities in 1974.
Soñar Despierto: Seriographs and Mural Exhibit
From March 9, 1974 to March 31, 1974, Graciela Carrillo's art was exhibited in Galeria de la Raza's mural exhibits. Her artworks in this series represent warm and bright colors, many which represent cactuses. Her artwork represented symbols of Mexican-American culture.
Marzo
Marzo depicts an indigenous man with angel wings being guided by figures through the indigenous calendar. This art piece was created in 1975 and it was displayed in la Galeria de la Raza. Many of her works depict indigenous aspects of life.
References
External links
Graciela Carrillo at the Smithsonian American Art Museum
Graciela Carrillo at the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco
1950 births
20th-century American women artists
Artists from Los Angeles
Living people
San Jose State University alumni
Women muralists
American muralists
Roundstone Creek is a stream located entirely within Rockcastle County, Kentucky.
Roundstone Creek was descriptively named for the round stones within its course.
See also
List of rivers of Kentucky
References
Rivers of Rockcastle County, Kentucky
Rivers of Kentucky
Air Ambulance Northern Ireland (AANI) also known as Air Ambulance NI is a registered charity that operates a helicopter emergency medical service (HEMS) dedicated to responding to serious trauma and medical emergencies in Northern Ireland.
In August 2016, it was announced by the Northern Ireland government that Air Ambulance NI was partnering with the health service in Northern Ireland to provide the HEMS. The charity works in partnership with the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service (NIAS), with AANI providing the aviation side of the service and funding the non-medical costs of HEMS, with NIAS being commissioned to provide the clinical staff, equipment, clinical governance arrangements and operational tasking.
The service is based at Maze Long Kesh near Lisburn, where they operate both their primary and back-up aircraft from, having previously operated their back-up aircraft from their secondary base at St Angelo Airport in County Fermanagh. The helicopter has the call sign Helimed 23 in keeping with the Helimed callsigns of all UK air ambulance helicopters, and will typically transfer patients with serious injuries to the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast, Northern Ireland's major trauma centre.
In September 2022, AANI announced a 10-year partnership agreement with Sloane Helicopters Limited to provide two HEMS AW109 helicopters, pilots and aircraft maintenance. As part of the agreement, Sloane Helicopters provided an AW109S Grand as AANI's primary aircraft and a AW109E Power as their dedicated back-up aircraft, both of which will be operated from its airbase outside Lisburn.
History
Historically, Northern Ireland has been the only part of the United Kingdom and Ireland, without air ambulance provision and several previous attempts to introduce a HEMS failed. A comprehensive report published in February 2004 argued against the provision of an air ambulance service from Scotland in favour of either a separate Northern Ireland service, or one provided as part of an all Ireland coordinated system.
In 2006 Rodney Connor, Chief Executive of Fermanagh District Council, and Peter Quinn, Consultant, produced a report on the need for an Air Ambulance in rural areas and after presentation to the Council was brought to the attention of the Department for Health. In 2012 Rodney Connor decided to work again on the need for an Air Ambulance and along with the Minister for DETI brought together a group of Trustees. The trustees of the AANI came together in December 2013 to commence the process of forming a charity-led company to run an air ambulance. Independently, in late 2013, Dr John Hinds and other members of the Northern Ireland Regional Faculty of Prehospital care began discussing ways of encouraging the development of a fully-fledged HEMS at a time when the only air support for casualty evacuation was from either Coastguard or PSNI helicopters. After a near fatal accident at the North West 200 motorcycle race in May 2015, Dr Hinds' views received widespread support and he began a public campaign for Northern Ireland to have its own air ambulance. In March 2016, the key findings of a HEMS consultation were announced.
In August 2016, it was announced by the Northern Ireland government that Air Ambulance NI would partner with the health service in Northern Ireland to provide the helicopter emergency medical service.
The clinical model has from the outset been based on a doctor and paramedic working in partnership, with the doctors seconded from consultant tier emergency medicine and anaesthetic/critical care physicians across Northern Ireland. The doctors undertake the HEMS role on a part-time basis alongside their primary posts in order to maintain clinical and organisational skills on both fronts. The paramedics were drawn from within the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service and alongside the doctors have undertaken a comprehensive training programme encompassing clinical skills, crew resource management and flight operations training.
The service was scheduled to go live in August 2017, but actually undertook their first live mission on 22 July 2017 during one of their final training flights, when they were deployed to a child seriously injured in a farming accident near Castlewellan. The child was transferred by helicopter to the Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children.
Finances
Two of the trustees, Rodney Connor and Ray Foran produced a Business Plan which was then brought to the Chancellor of the Exchequer and, in March 2016, AANI were successful in applying to the Chancellor's Libor banking fines fund, and were awarded £3.5million to establish and support the HEMS service in Northern Ireland. A further £1M in matched funding thereafter was also pledged.
In the year ending March 2020, the charity's income was £3.2M. Expenditure was £1.7M, of which £1.3M was spent on operating the service.
See also
Emergency Aeromedical Service the air ambulance service for the Republic of Ireland
Air ambulances in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Medical and health organisations based in Northern Ireland
Air ambulance services in the United Kingdom
The General Service List (GSL) is a list of roughly 2,000 words published by Michael West in 1953. The words were selected to represent the most frequent words of English and were taken from a corpus of written English. The target audience was English language learners and ESL teachers. To maximize the utility of the list, some frequent words that overlapped broadly in meaning with words already on the list were omitted. In the original publication the relative frequencies of various senses of the words were also included.
Details
The list is important because a person who knows all the words on the list and their related families would understand approximately 90–95 percent of colloquial speech and 80–85 percent of common written texts. The list consists only of headwords, which means that the word "be" is high on the list, but assumes that the person is fluent in all forms of the word, e.g. am, is, are, was, were, being, and been.
Researchers have expressed doubts about the adequacy of the GSL because of its age and the relatively low coverage provided by the words not in the first 1,000 words of the list. Engels was, in particular, critical of the limited vocabulary chosen by West (1953), and while he concurred that the first 1,000 words of the GSL were good selections based on their high frequency and wide range, he was of the opinion that the words beyond the first 1,000 of the GSL could not be considered general service words because the range and frequency of these words were too low to be included in the list. Recent research by Billuroğlu and Neufeld (2005) confirmed that the General Service List was in need of minor revision, but the headwords in the list still provide approximately 80% text coverage in written English. The research showed that the GSL contains a small number of archaic terms, such as shilling, while excluding words that have gained currency since the first half of the twentieth century, such as plastic, television, battery, okay, victim, and drug.
The GSL evolved over several decades before West's publication in 1953. The GSL is not a list based solely on frequency, but includes groups of words on a semantic basis. Various versions float around the Internet, and attempts have been made to improve it.
There are two major updates of the GSL:
the New General Service List (new-GSL) by Brezina & Gablasova, originally published in Applied Linguistics in 2013. This wordlist is based on the analysis of four language corpora of a total size of over 12 billion words.
the New General Service List (NGSL), published in March 2013 by Browne, Culligan and Phillips. The NGSL was based on a 273 million-word subsection of the 2 billion-word Cambridge English Corpus. Preliminary results show that the new list provides a substantially higher degree of coverage with fewer words.
Some ESL dictionaries use the General Service List as their controlled defining vocabulary. In the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English, each definition is written using the 2000-word Longman Defining Vocabulary based on the GSL.
See also
New General Service List: a major update of the GSL which provides higher coverage with fewer words than the GSL, developed by Charles Browne, Brent Culligan and Joe Phillips
International English
Globish developed by Jean-Paul Nerrière
Basic English developed by Charles Kay Ogden.
Academic Word List developed as an extension to the General Service List by Averil Coxhead
Swadesh list
Dolch word list
Notes
References
Bauer, L. and Nation, I.S.P. (1993). Word families, International Journal of Lexicography 6, 3 (1993) 1-27.
Billuroğlu, A. & Neufeld, S. (2005). The Bare Necessities in Lexis: a new perspective on vocabulary profiling. Retrieved September 2007 from http://lextutor.ca/vp/BNL_Rationale.doc
Brezina, V. & Gablasova, D. (2013). Is There a Core General Vocabulary? Introducing the New General Service List. Applied Linguistics, retrieved 4 April 2014 from http://applij.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2013/08/25/applin.amt018.abstract
Dickins, J. (n.d.). Extended Version of Rank Frequency List: Spoken English, retrieved 3 December 2007 from http://www.languages.salford.ac.uk/staff/dickins.php.
Engels, L.K. (1968). The fallacy of word counts. IRAL 6: 213–231. Retrieved August 2019 from https://www.degruyter.com/view/j/iral.1968.6.issue-1-4/iral.1968.6.1-4.213/iral.1968.6.1-4.213.xml
Hancioglu, N., Neufeld, S., & Eldridge, J. (2008). Through the looking glass and into the land of lexico-grammar. English for Specific Purposes 27/4, 459-479
Nation, P., & Waring, R. (2004). Vocabulary size, text coverage and word lists. Retrieved September 2007 from https://web.archive.org/web/20080111133710/http://www.wordhacker.com/
External links
Bauman's revised GSL A 1995 revised version of the GSL with minor changes, along with a more detailed discussion about the problems in the GSL.
A short history of Bauman's revised GSL A short history of the GSL with links to translations into 11 languages.
PC-based vocabulary profiling software that includes the GSL:
Heatley, Nation, and Coxhead's RANGE and FREQUENCY programs, including the GSL and the AWL as TXT files for vocabulary profiling
AntWordProfiler, a free vocabulary profiler, also including the GSL as a TXT file.
Lextutor Vocabulary Profilers provided free by Tom Cobb includes several web-based vocabulary profilers, in which you can paste any text and the words are then 'coloured' according to frequency band profiles. Here are two:
Classic Vocabulary Profiler, which produces output in coloured form—blue for K1 (the first 1,000 words of the GSL), green for K2 (the second 1,000 words of the GSL), yellow for Academic word list, and red for words that are not in any of the lists
BNL profiler is a revised word list for students learning English which overcomes the problems of treating the GSL and AWL as separate and distinct constructs.
Other web-based vocabulary profilers include:
OGTE (Online Graded Text Editor) provided free by Charles Browne and Rob Waring. The tool allows teachers and authors to analyze and edit texts to a specific level using the GSL, NGSL, AWL and other important vocabulary lists.
OUP3000 text checker.
OKAPI will return formatted CBA probes or a readability analysis, with bands for Grades 1-3 (US) and Grades 4+
WORDLE provides a graphic representation of words by frequency in any text, but is not as yet linked to any specific vocabulary profiling bands.
Lists of English words
Quantitative linguistics
Word lists
"Stop, Listen, Look & Think" is a song by the American girl group Exposé. It was written and produced by the group's founder, Lewis Martineé, and can be found on their 1989 second album, What You Don't Know. It was the first single released by Exposé to feature Ann Curless on lead vocals.
The song was also included on the soundtrack to the Lambada-themed film The Forbidden Dance, which was released in the U.S. in March 1990.
Allmusic states that "Stop, Listen, Look & Think" is one of the best tracks on What You Don't Know and describes it as "a subtler uptempo number with an understated yet memorable lead by" Curless.
Reception
The single for "Stop, Listen, Look & Think" was remixed and issued as a promotional 12" single to nightclubs in the U.S. The song peaked at #19 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart in December 1990, the group's seventh entry on this survey.
Track listing
A1 - "Stop, Listen, Look & Think" House Mix (7:36)
A2 - "Stop, Listen, Look & Think" Dub Mix (5:17)
B1 - "Stop, Listen, Look & Think" Deep Thought Mix (5:49)
B2 - "Stop, Listen, Look & Think" L.A. Mix (6:23)
References
External links
"Stop, Listen, Look & Think" 12" promo info at discogs.com
1990 singles
Exposé (group) songs
Songs written by Lewis Martineé
1990 songs
Arista Records singles
This is list of members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from 10 December 2015 to 9 December 2017.
Composition
By province
By political groups
As of 9 December 2017
Election cycles
List of Deputies
The table is sorted by provinces in alphabetical order, and then with their deputies in alphabetical order by their surnames. All deputies start their term on December 10, and end it on December 9 of the corresponding years, except when noted.
See also
List of current Argentine senators
Notes
External links
Official site
2015
KRS One is the second solo studio album by American hip hop artist KRS-One. It was released on October 10, 1995 via Jive Records. Production was handled by DJ Premier, Diamond D, Big French Productions, Norty Cotto, Showbiz and KRS-One himself. It features guest appearances from Busta Rhymes, Channel Live, Das EFX, Dexter Thibou, Fat Joe and Mad Lion.
The album made it to number 19 on the Billboard 200 and number 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums in the United States. It also debuted at number 95 on the UK Albums Chart and number 13 on the UK R&B Albums Chart. Its lead single, "MC's Act Like They Don't Know", peaked at No. 57 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and No. 84 on the UK Singles Chart. Its second single, "Rappaz R. N. Dainja", peaked at No. 47 in the UK.
Track listing
Sample credits
Track 1 contains a sample from "Time's Up" written by Omar Credle and Anthony Best as recorded by O.C.
Track 8 contains excerpts from "Pure" written by Ansar Bing, Askia Bing, Dwayne Burns, Keenan Edwards, Sean Nelson and Steven Samuel and performed by the Troubleneck Brothers
Track 9 contains a sample from "We Run Things (It's Like Dat)" written by Acklins Khaliyl Dillon, Harold Lee, Jamahl Hanna and Ali Shaheed Muhammad as recorded by Da Bush Babees
Track 13 contains a sample from "Mystique Blues" written by Wayne Henderson as recorded by The Crusaders
Personnel
Lawrence "KRS-One" Parker – main artist, producer (tracks: 4, 6, 7, 10, 12, 14), engineering (tracks: 7, 10, 14), mixing (tracks: 2, 4-7, 10, 12, 14)
Joseph "Fat Joe" Cartagena – featured artist (track 2)
Dexter Thibou – featured artist (track 5)
Vincent "Tuffy" Morgan – featured artist (track 6)
Hakim Green – featured artist (track 6)
Oswald "Mad Lion" Priest – featured artist (track 8)
Andre "Krazy Drayz" Weston – featured artist (track 9)
Willie "Skoob" Hines – featured artist (track 9)
Trevor "Busta Rhymes" Smith – featured artist (track 11)
Richard "Rich Nice" Jackson – backing vocals (track 10)
Derek "Sadat X" Murphy – backing vocals (track 13)
Rodney "DJ Dice" Battle – scratches (track 9)
Chris "DJ Premier" Martin – producer (tracks: 1, 3, 8), mixing (tracks: 1, 8)
Frenchie "Big French" Hunt – producer (track 2)
Norberto "Norty" Cotto – producer & mixing (track 5), engineering (tracks: 2, 3, 5, 12)
Rodney "Showbiz" LeMay – producer (track 9)
Joseph "Diamond D" Kirkland – producer & mixing (tracks: 11, 13)
"Commissioner" Gordon Williams – mixing (track 6), engineering (tracks: 6, 9, 11, 13), editing (tracks: 4, 10)
Eddie Sancho – engineering (tracks: 1, 8)
Won Allen – engineering (track 4)
Luis Tineo – engineering assistant (tracks: 1, 3, 5, 8, 12)
Roderick Goode – engineering assistant (tracks: 7, 10)
Tom Brick – mastering
Miguel Rivera – design
Daniel Hastings – photography
Scott "DJ Scott La Rock" Sterling – overseen by
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Singles
References
External links
1995 albums
KRS-One albums
Jive Records albums
Albums produced by KRS-One
Albums produced by Diamond D
Albums produced by DJ Premier
Albums produced by Showbiz (producer)
Camp Davies was a U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) logistics base located on the Saigon River east of Saigon in southern Vietnam.
History
Davies was located approximately east of Saigon Port.
The camp consisted of over 140 buildings, cantonment facilities for over 1,000 men, field maintenance and storage facilities and 350m of dockage space for harbor craft.
On 29 April 1970 the camp was transferred to the ARVN 3rd Area Logistics Command which based the Saigon Transportation Terminal Command at the site.
Current use
The base remains in commercial use.
References
Installations of the United States Army in South Vietnam
Installations of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam
Military installations closed in the 1970s
is a private junior college in the city of Itami, Hyōgo, Japan. This junior college is part of the Otemae Gakuen Education Group. Otemae University is relative but different from this college.
History
The junior college opened in April 1951 in the city of Osaka for women only. In 1986, the campus moved to the city of Itami. The junior college became coeducational in 2004.
Courses
Life design: studies for home making
External links
Educational institutions established in 1951
Japanese junior colleges
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
Universities and colleges in Osaka Prefecture
Private universities and colleges in Japan
1951 establishments in Japan
Dabada (Arabic" دابادا) is the first and most famous novel by the Iraqi writer Hassan Mutlak, It consists of 220 pages and its first edition was published by the Arab House of encyclopedias in Beirut in 1988. The second edition was published by the Egyptian General Book Authority in Cairo in 2001, the third edition was published by the Arab House of Sciences publishers in Beirut 2006, and the new edition by Dar Al-Mada.
Description
Some consider it to be the most important Iraqi novel that was published at the end of the twentieth century. It is a different novel by all specifications; It came as a single text rather than divided into chapters. It touches human concerns.
Criticism
"It is an unusual novel, It is new and its author is a brave young man," Jabra Ibrahim Jabra.
The novelist Abdul Rahman al-Rubaie said: "I loved this disobedient novel, it is a different novel, it cannot remind us of any other work of fiction, and it has not been based on a previous novel achievement. It's a lonely novel and it's independent of what it carried".
"Dabada is writing according to the terms of life, “said Qasim Mahmud Jandari.
The critic Dr. Abdullah Ibrahim: "it is a novel that excites the reader, and it deals with major issues, this novel will raise problems in the level of reading and the level of interpretation and opinions will differ about it".
The poet Salah Hassan said: "it is the only Iraqi novel that has emerged with such distinctive features. Dabada is truly an outstanding Iraqi novel, and it is undeniably innovative on both the structural and substantive levels, as it enables it to stand alongside the great novels".
The critic Dr.Bassel Al-shikhli: "this novel goes beyond the limits of realism to enter into a larger and broader problem than the stereotype of persuasive writing. The language of dapada is the secret of its power."
"I hope everyone will read (Dabada) by the very international writer Hassan Mutlak". The storyteller Karim Shaalan said.
The poet and storyteller Abdul Hadi Saadoun said: "dabada has influenced a whole generation of young Iraqi writers, and the texts that have emerged since. He suggested that reading the new Iraqi novel should be started from the date of publication of dapada, as it is a bright point that cannot be crossed, “he said.
Ahmed al-Dosari described it as "a sharp fracture of the skull of the novel, Hassan Mutlak broke pyramids, whose visit became a sacred duty for the writers of the novel, conquering the plot and suspending the dramatic growth."
Mahmoud Jandari considered it: "it represents writing on the terms of life".
Content
The novel contains five tales:
For the first story: the mysterious disappearance of father Mahmoud.
The second tale: the symbolism of the dog Sharar.
The third story: the symbolism of Abdul-Majid's death by the poison of mice
The fourth tale: the symbolism of Qundis's donkey.
The fifth story: the symbolism of Shahin's disappearance.
References
Arabic-language novels
Iraqi novels
1988 novels
Two genera are named Bleekeria after Pieter Bleeker:
Bleekeria, a genus of fishes in the family Ammodytidae.
A synonym for the genus Alchornea of flowering plants.
Elisabeth Margarete Biermann (née Brink, born Frey; 2 April 1905 – 28 October 1985), known professionally as Elga Brink, was a German film actress. Brink rose to prominence in the early 1920s, when she starred in many silent films. Her last silent film was Marriage in Trouble in 1928. After silent films, Brink continued acting in sound films until her retirement in 1951. Her last role was in the 1951 movie Das fremde Leben. After her retirement, Brink remarried and worked as a clerk in Hamburg until her death in 1985.
Life
Elga Brink was born Elisabeth Margarete Frey in Berlin on 2 April 1905, the daughter of a banker in Berlin-Waidmannslust. Shortly after her birth, her surname was changed to Brink.
Brink attended a business school before being introduced to silent films by Albert Pommer, the brother of Erich Pommer. Her first role was in a romantic comedy Lebenshunger, where she played a supporting role alongside Ressel Orla. After several more films, Brink rose to prominence as an actress in the 1924 movie Quo Vadis. Although the tapes of the movie were considered lost, in 2012, Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano reported that a copy of the film was found in the Vatican Film Library.
She starred in a number of films. Her second husband was the director Georg Jacoby, who divorced her and married actress Marika Rökk. After the Second World War Elga Brink worked on the stage until she retired in 1951. She then worked as a clerk at a law firm in Hamburg until her death in 1985.
Filmography
Lust for Life (1922)
Between Evening and Morning (1923)
Paradise in the Snow (1923)
Comedians of Life (1924)
Quo Vadis (1924)
Cock of the Roost (1925)
Hussar Fever (1925)
Should We Be Silent? (1926)
The Ride in the Sun (1926)
Circus Romanelli (1926)
The Pride of the Company (1926)
Accommodations for Marriage (1926)
Nameless Woman (1927)
Intoxicated Love (1927)
The Hunt for the Bride (1927)
The Fake (1927)
The Island of Forbidden Kisses (1927)
The Physician (1928)
Angst (1928)
The Weekend Bride (1928)
The Joker (1928)
The King of Carnival (1928)
The Most Beautiful Woman in Paris (1928)
Land Without Women (1929)
Marriage in Trouble (1929)
Dawn (1929)
Women on the Edge (1929)
The Great Longing (1930)
Josef the Chaste (1930)
Pension Schöller (1930)
Different Morals (1931)
Um eine Nasenlänge (1931)
Der Herr Finanzdirektor (1931)
Im Banne der Berge (1931)
Marshal Forwards (1932)
Night of Temptation (1932)
Grandstand for General Staff (1932)
Crime Reporter Holm (1932)
Strafsache van Geldern (1932)
The Tunnel (1933)
Jumping Into the Abyss (1933)
The Hymn of Leuthen (1933)
The Daring Swimmer (1934)
Da stimmt was nicht (1934)
Playing with Fire (1934)
Uncle Bräsig (1936)
Carousel (1937)
The Chief Witness (1937)
Heimatland (1939)
In letzter Minute (1939)
Weißer Flieder (1940)
Quax the Crash Pilot (1941)
Clarissa (1941)
The Swedish Nightingale (1941)
Stimme des Herzens (1942)
With the Eyes of a Woman (1942)
Eines Tages (1945)
Frühlingsmelodie (1945)
Dr. Semmelweis (1950)
Das fremde Leben (1951)
References
External links
1905 births
1985 deaths
German film actresses
German silent film actresses
Actresses from Berlin
20th-century German actresses
High Resolution Stereo Camera (HRSC) is a camera experiment on Mars Express. A version for Earth called HRSC-AX was also developed, as was a version for Mars 96. It has four main parts: camera head, super resolution channel, instrument frame, and digital unit. At an altitude of 250 km from Mars, SRC can produce images with a resolution of 2.3 meters/pixel of 2.35 km square Mars terrain. It has 9 channels and can produce digital terrain models. A typical image from HRSC of Mars has a resolution ranging from 12.5 for nadir (directly down) to 25 m/pixel for the farthest off-nadir shots, which can be up to 18.9 degrees.
By 2012, about 61.5% of the surface of Mars was mapped at a resolution of at least 20 meters per pixel by the Mars Express mission using this camera. Another area of study is repeat imaging, to allow the study of dynamic processes on Mars. Another trick is to make short videos of the Mars surface by taking advantage of the pushbroom nature of the detector, each section is slightly offset for a different color, but when combined each view be used to make a short animation.
By the start of 2015, about 70% of Mars had been imaged by Mars at resolutions greater than 20 m per pixel, and 97% at resolutions of least 60 m per pixel.THE HIGH RESOLUTION STEREO CAMERA (HRSC): STATUS AND FACTS (2015)
Example observation
Orcus Patera, imaged by the HRSC:
See also
Trace Gas Orbiter (next ESA Mars orbiter, arrived 2016)
References
External links
ESA - High Resolution Stereo Camera
Aeolis Mons (Mount Sharp) and Gale - Image/HRSCview
Aeolis Mons (Mount Sharp) - HRSCview (oblique view looking east)
HRSC + Phobos (with SRC shots overlaid)
Phobos by HRSC
HRSC Press release archive (2004-2012)
HRSC with SRC of Victoria Crater and area near Opportunity rover's landing site
Clouds in Nilokeras Scopulus
TPS - Capturing Martian Weather in Motion - November 4, 2016
THE HIGH RESOLUTION STEREO CAMERA (HRSC): STATUS AND FACTS (2015) (Includes graph of cumulative surface coverage by resolution, up to 2015)
Mars Express
Spacecraft instruments
Mars imagers
Stereo cameras
The Bolivian slaty antshrike (Thamnophilus sticturus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Bolivia (departments of Beni, Cochabamba and Santa Cruz), extreme southwest Brazil (the states of Mato Grosso and Mato Grosso do Sul), and far northern Paraguay (Alto Paraguay department). It was previously included in the widespread slaty antshrike (T. punctatus), but following the split, this scientific name is now restricted to the northern slaty antshrike.
It occurs at low levels in forest and woodland; especially in places with dense growth.
The Bolivian slaty antshrike was described by the Austrian ornithologist August von Pelzeln in 1868 and given its current binomial name Thamnophilus sticturus.
References
Thamnophilus
Birds of Bolivia
Birds described in 1869
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Firmin Vincent Desloge II (August 30, 1843 – December 18, 1929) was an American industrialist lead mining pioneer in the disseminated lead fields of the Southeast Missouri Lead District and member of the Desloge family in America.
Life
In 1822, Desloge's father, Firmin Rene Desloge, came to America from France to work with his uncle Jean Ferdinand Rozier from Ste. Genevieve, Missouri.
Born in 1843, the young Desloge received his early education in the public schools at Potosi, where the family businesses included fur trading, distilling, and mining. He attended St. Louis University and later the commercial school of Bryant & Stratton in St. Louis, Missouri. He was trained to mercantile pursuits, beginning at an early age as a clerk for the firm of John B. Valle & Co. of St. Louis.
In 1867, Desloge began mining operations near Potosi, in Washington County. One county to the east was St. Francois County, Missouri, where lead mining was in its infancy. There he prospected lands next to those of the St. Joseph Lead Company, and finally purchased and erected smelting works for the corporation known as the Desloge Lead Company. Desloge built a connection with the St. Joseph Lead Company, the first railroad to penetrate the disseminated lead field of St. Francois County. In 1887, the two companies merged to create what was probably the era's greatest lead-mining and smelting company.
In 1889, the Bogy Lead Mining Company sold Desloge one of the oldest mining properties in Missouri. He demonstrated that there were valuable deposits of disseminated lead on these lands and folded them into the new Desloge Consolidated Lead Company. The town built to support the mines is now known as Desloge, Missouri. The use of the new diamond drill and the 1893 arrival of a branch from the Mississippi River & Bonne Terre Railroad allowed the already-successful lead mining operations to expand.
A grandson of one of Desloge's friends and business colleagues, Harry Cantwell, Sr, said, "They say that grandfather and Desloge [Firmin Desloge] were riding in a surrey one day trying to decide where to sink a shaft. Desloge spit off one side of the surrey and said there was where they would sink the shaft. Grandfather didn't agree with the location of the spit and split with Desloge to form his own company." Desloge soon sank a shaft and struck the same main vein and deposits as that of those he had worked at Bonne Terre before the fire.
Desloge remained on the St. Joseph Lead Company board of directors until his death in 1929.
Marriage
On October 24, 1877, Firmin Desloge was married at Lexington, Missouri, to Lydia Holden Davis, born June 24, 1855, in Lexington, the daughter of Rebecca (Nave) Davis and Confederate Army Colonel William Joseph Davis, quartermaster to General Sterling Price during the American Civil War. They had four children: Firmin Vincent III, Clara Cynthian, Edwin Owen, and Joseph.
From 1870 to 1872, Desloge served as treasurer of Washington County, Missouri. He served as a public school director there and in St. Francois County.
Philanthropy
In 1930, a $1 million ($ today) bequest from Desloge's estate built Firmin Desloge Hospital in St. Louis. (For comparison, John D. Rockefeller, Jr. acquired the whole Grand Teton mountain range (Teton Range) of 35,000 acres in the 1920s for about $1.4 million)
Desloge's wife Lydia gave another $100,000 ($ today) to build the adjacent Desloge Chapel.
Death
Firmin V. Desloge died December 18, 1929. His estate was settled in 1932, valued at more than $52 million ($ today). He was one of the wealthiest men of that era, alongside W. K. Vanderbilt ($52 million) and A. W. Mellon ($50 million), but only half as wealthy as the Astors ($100 million). His death notice stated, "His life record stands as an exemplification of the fact that success is not a matter of genius as held by some, but the outcome of clear judgment, experience and intelligently directed effort."
References
American miners
People from Washington County, Missouri
Desloge family
1843 births
1929 deaths
People from St. Francois County, Missouri
The 9th Rhythmic Gymnastics Asian Championships was held in Astana, Kazakhstan from 24 - 27 June 2017.
Medal winners
Medal table
References
Rhythmic Gymnastics Asian Championships
2017 in Kazakhstani sport
Gymnastics competitions in Kazakhstan
International gymnastics competitions hosted by Kazakhstan
2017 in gymnastics
Sport in Astana
June 2017 sports events in Kazakhstan
Khoriphaba (also, Khoiriphaba) is a God in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). He is the son of Sky God Salailen and Goddess Konthoujam Tampha Lairembi. He came down from heaven to earth to search for his mother and then for a bride. He is best known for wrestling () with Loyalakpa in the Lai Haraoba festival. He is also a polo () playing God.
Description
God Khoriphaba is a Lainingthou. In Ancient Meitei language, "Lai" means God or Deity and "Ningthou" means King or Ruler. However, the term "Lainingthou" carries many meanings. It may refer to "king of gods", "godly king" or "kingly god". Since Khoriphaba is not the king of gods, he is a kingly god.
Khoriphaba is a sportsman. He participated in polo () as well as wrestling () championships.
Among the deities, God Khoriphaba and God Loyalakpa possess the epithets of being the best wrestlers. The two powerful gods wrestled during the Lai Haraoba festival.
God Khoriphaba is one of the polo player gods. He participated in the divine polo match. During the godly polo championship, Khoriphaba joined the southern team. His team was led by God Thangjing while his opponent's team (northern team) was led by God Marjing.
Mythology
God Khoriphaba was born with the divine union of God Salailen (alias Soraren) and Goddess Konthoujam Tampha Lairembi at Heaven. When Khoriphaba was three months old (or three years old), his parents got separated. His mother was abandoned from entering into Heaven. So, little Khoriphaba was looked after by the 1000 queens of heaven. But he cried for his mother. Salailen tried to pacify the baby's cry but in vain. He gave him milk but it was of no use. He summoned his nobles and subjects. He asked them to make his son stop crying. Thousands of gods and goddesses tried but all of them failed to stop the boy's cry. Finally, Chingkheirel Apamba tried his luck. He sang hymns in praise of the baby God. Suddenly, the boy stopped crying. At this, Salailen named his son Khoiriphaba.
One day, Angoupalba Yaibirel Sidaba found Khoiriphaba crying near a tree. He brought the boy to his home. He asked his family to take care of the boy. The clan members looked after the child like their own child. They named him Puthiba.
One day, Khoiriphaba heard some women talking about him. They said, "Look how cute the child is! We love him so much! His mother would have loved him many times than we love him. How much his mother would have suffered for the loss of the child." Khoiriphaba immediately asked them about his mother. But none knew the answer to his question. So, he decided to search for his mother by himself.
God Khoriphaba descended from sky down to earth in search for his lost mother Konthoujam Tampha Lairembi.
He came to Moirang near Khoiri Keithel. The sun already set when he was there. Not knowing what to do, he started crying. God Thangjing and his consort Koiren Leima came to him. They came to know about the identity of the boy. The divine couple took care of Khoiriphaba.
Under the guardianship of God Thangjing, Khoiriphaba grew up. He made many friends. He was nine years old. He started wrestling (), race, and so on. He was always the champion of all the competitions. This made his friends fell jealous of him. So, one of his friends told him about how he grew up under the care of Thangjing. Khoriphaba was told that they would not allow him to play with them because he was an inferior God. Khoriphaba felt dejected for many days. Thangjing noticed it and asked him. Khoiriphaba narrated him the incident. So, Thangjing decided that Khoiriphaba should be sent to his mother without further delaying. He summoned all the 27 friends of Khoiriphaba. He asked them to challenge Khoiriphaba for wrestling and race championships. None were ready for the challenge. Then Thangjing asked them about a tug of war in which all of them would stand together at one side and Khoiriphaba alone at another side. There was a condition. If they won, they would be the winner. But if Khoiriphaba won, they should send Khoiriphaba off to his mother's place at Haorok Konthou, carrying him on a palanquin. The 27 friends accepted the challenge. But all of them got defeated in the hands of Khoiriphaba.
On the next day, the 27 friends proceeded for the journey with Khoiriphaba on a palanquin towards Haorok Konthou. They came from a long distance from Moirang. On the way, they came across a beautiful place. They could not control themselves to rest at the beautiful place for a while. They requested Khoiriphaba who agreed. The beautiful place where they rested was named Toubul (). Some friends were waiting for the resting friends at another place. The place where they waited was named Ngaikhong Khullen. After some time, little by little, all of his friends left Khoiriphaba alone. So, Khoiriphaba continued his journey alone. On the way, he came across a river. On the river, many women were fishing using nets. Since morning, they could not catch a single fish. He was helped by a woman to cross the river.
Finally, he reached Haorok Konthou. The people of the place were greatly awed to see him. They have heard of his quest. But Goddess Tampha was not at the place. Due to the fear of Salailen, the villagers sent her off to another place. She was looked after by the Kabui tribes in the hills. So, Khoriphaba set off for the next journey riding on his mare Ngangrubi.
On reaching the village of the Kabui tribes in the hills, he was warmly welcomed by the tribesmen. He finally met his long departed mother. He proposed her to return home back to heaven. But she did not agree because she was abandoned by her husband. So, he sadly left his mother.
There are also legends about God Khoriphaba looking for a bride. He veiled his face and hold a polo-stick over his shoulder. While searching for a lover, he was riding on a mare.
God Khoriphaba reached Koubru's place. God Koubru offered him to choose any lady of his choice from his place. Khoriphaba chose Goddess Nungthel Leima. But Nungthel Leima was already the consort of Loyalakpa. So, God Koubru could not give him the desired lady. Koubru did not want to take back his own words. He asked Khoriphaba to choose any lady but he should do it blindfolded. Blindfolded Khoiriphaba attempted to choose but he could not get Goddess Nungthel Leima. This action is enacted by the maibis in the Lai Haraoba festival.
Worship
During the Lai Haraoba festival, there is a special ritual named Kanglei Thokpa dedicated to God Khoriphaba. In this ritual, a group of maibis sing a song depicting Khoriphaba's search for a bride.
"The goddess of the hills, my beloved
The jewel, which I am unable to part with
On such a day, I follow your footprints
I fail to find you...
Sweet one, have you gone to another village?
Or have you gone to fetch fire from your neighbour?
Or have you gone to wash your hair at the riverbank?
Or are you combing your beautiful hair in the huge house of your father?
Perhaps, you have gone to a kang game and seated between two village brothers as a piece of decoration, radiating...
Perhaps, a cloth is tied around your shoulder and slender waist and you are pounding rice.
My friend, I have not seen my beloved for a long time.
Please tell me where she is?"
This song of love and associated gesture evolve into dancing. The dance enacts the horse polo game. During this ritual ceremony, a maibi will cover her face with a veil. She will hold a kangjei (English: polo-stick or hockey-stick). She will hook a girl from amidst the crowd with the hooked end of the stick. This is called Lai Nupi Thiba (lit. Predilection of bride).
During his worship, cooked foods could be offered but devotees are not allowed to offer fish.
Texts
The Khoriphaba Naothemlon text describes song to stop little Khoriphaba from crying.
Namesakes
Art and culture association
The Khoriphaba Artistes Association is a non commercial artistes association. It was established in 1971 in Imphal.
Bodybuilding event
The Mr. Khoriphaba Body Building Championship is an annual bodybuilding event. It includes both men's and women's classes. The first championship took place in the year 2019.
See also
Nongda Lairen Pakhangba
Pureiromba
References
Bibliography
Kege Hareppa Ngangoi Leishemba by Shitalchandra Singh, Thingbaijam
Khoriphābā: mamā nūṃśibā khonā phabā nūpāmacā amā - Raghu Laiśaṃthem - Rindā Pablikeśans, 2013
Philosophy On Lai Haraoba by Tamphajao, Yumnam
External links
Abundance gods
Arts gods
Childhood gods
Dance gods
Fortune gods
Kings in Meitei mythology
Love and lust gods
Magic gods
Maintenance gods
Marriage gods
Meitei gods and goddesses
Mountain gods
Music and singing deities
Music and singing gods
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature gods
Ningthou
Peace gods
Sky and weather gods
Sports gods
Time and fate gods
Lumpkin County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 33,488. Its county seat is Dahlonega.
History
This area was settled by the Cherokee, who also occupied areas of what became delimited as southeastern Tennessee and western North Carolina.
Lumpkin County was created on December 3, 1832. The county was named for Wilson Lumpkin, who at the time was Governor of Georgia. Lumpkin's daughter, Martha Wilson Lumpkin Compton, was the namesake of the town named Marthasville, the early-1840s name for Atlanta in Fulton County; this was designated as the capital of the state after the Civil War.
In the 1830s, gold was discovered in the county near Auraria, leading to a rush of miners and development. The U.S. government established a mint in Dahlonega, operating for 23 years until the outbreak of the American Civil War. State contractors later acquired gold from Lumpkin County to gild the dome of the current state capitol building in Atlanta.
20th century to present
Agriculture and agritourism are top business industries. In addition, vineyards have been developed here and, since the mid-1990s, Lumpkin County has been recognized as "the heart of Georgia wine country." The county features several vineyards and five licensed wineries, which attract many tourists. In 2015, state senator Steve Gooch introduced Georgia Senate Resolution 125, officially recognizing Lumpkin County as the Wine Tasting Room Capital of Georgia.
The historic Dahlonega Square is also a popular destination. It has gift shops, restaurants, art galleries and artists' studios, and additional tasting rooms.
Lumpkin County is the home of the U.S. Army's Camp Frank D. Merrill, the base of the 5th Ranger Training Battalion of the U.S. Army Ranger School's mountain phase. Camp Frank D. Merrill is located in the northern end of the county, within the Blue Ridge Wildlife Management Area of the Chattahoochee National Forest.
Three veterans' organizations are located in Lumpkin County, to serve the veterans and the community: the Heyward Fields American Legion Post 239, the US Army Mountain Ranger Association, and the Lumpkin and White County Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 5533.
Lumpkin County has an agency to help veterans, the Lumpkin County Veterans Affairs Advisory Committee. This group is in charge of the Lumpkin County Veterans Memorial and the twice yearly veterans' memorial crosses, which are installed to line both sides of the major roads in Dahlonega from mid-May through the Fourth of July, and again for the month of November. The crosses are adorned with the names of the county's veterans who have died, some in combat (marked with KIA), and those who returned home and later died.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
The county is located in the Blue Ridge Mountains. The summit of Blood Mountain, which Lumpkin County shares with Union County to the north, is the highest point in the county. At , Blood Mountain is the 5th-highest peak in Georgia and the highest point on Georgia's portion of the Appalachian Trail.
The western 40% of Lumpkin County is located in the Etowah River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin (Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin), while the eastern 60% of the county is located in the Upper Chattahoochee River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin).
Major highways
U.S. Route 19
U.S. Route 19 Business
U.S. Route 129
State Route 9
State Route 11
State Route 52
State Route 60
State Route 60 Business
State Route 115
State Route 400
Adjacent counties
Union County – north
White County – east
Hall County – southeast
Dawson County – west
Fannin County – northwest
National protected area
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 29,966 people, 10,989 households, and 7,645 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 12,925 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.4% white, 1.1% black or African American, 0.6% American Indian, 0.5% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.5% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 17.6% were American, 17.5% were Irish, 15.6% were English, 14.4% were German, and 5.0% were Scotch-Irish.
Of the 10,989 households, 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.3% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.4% were non-families, and 22.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.00. The median age was 36.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $43,394 and the median income for a family was $50,318. Males had a median income of $38,043 versus $30,755 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,088. About 9.2% of families and 15.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.9% of those under age 18 and 11.2% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 33,488 people, 11,570 households, and 7,800 families residing in the county.
Education
Lumpkin County School System manages and operates the public schools. There is one high school (Lumpkin County High School), one middle school (Lumpkin County Middle School), and three elementary schools (Lumpkin County Elementary School, Long Branch Elementary School, and Blackburn Elementary School). The University of North Georgia has its campus in Lumpkin County.
Politics
Communities
Auraria
Dahlonega
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lumpkin County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1832 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1832
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
Daniel Perlsweig (May 21, 1926 – February 27, 2018) was an American jockey and trainer in the sport of Thoroughbred horse racing.
Background
Daniel Perlsweig served with the United States Navy in World War II including time aboard the USS Tucson. When the war ended he embarked on what would be a ten-year career as jockey after which he turned to training Thoroughbreds.
Among his successful horses, Perlsweig is best known for training Lord Avie, the 1980 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt. Lord Avie won the 1981 Florida Derby and was favored to win the 1981 Kentucky Derby until an injury kept him out of all three of the U. S. Triple Crown series.
In the early 1990s, Perlsweig founded Backstretch Appreciation Day to honor the many stable hands who work tirelessly behind the scene to look after horses, helping to secure their continuing success in racing.
In 1999, Perlsweig was voted the Dogwood Dominion Award as one of the unsung heroes of American horse racing.
References
1926 births
2018 deaths
United States Navy personnel of World War II
American jockeys
American horse trainers
Jewish American sportspeople
Sportspeople from Philadelphia
21st-century American Jews
Preljina () is a village located in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 1,840 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Robert Douglas (c.1630–1716) was a 17th and early 18th Church of Scotland minister who rose to be Protestant Bishop of Dunblane.
Life
He was the son of Robert Douglas of Nether Kilmonth, and grandson of James Douglas of Glenbervie, both relatives of the Earls of Angus. He was educated at King's College, Aberdeen, graduating from MA in 1647, before beginning life as a preacher around 1650. He became the minister of Laurencekirk in the Mearns in January 1657, then Bothwell in 1665 and Renfrew in 1669. After the Restoration, King Charles II presented him to the parsonage of Hamilton, a position which came with the deanery of Glasgow.
In 1682 he became Bishop of Brechin, holding that bishopric for two years before being translated to the Bishop of Dunblane in August 1684. Douglas was Bishop of Dunblane until the abolition of Episcopacy in Scotland following the Revolution which then deprived Douglas and all other Scottish bishops of their sees. He died on 22 April 1716 in Dundee, at "the uncommon age of 92".
Family
He married twice. Firstly to Miss Irvine of Drum, by whom he had Rev Robert Douglas, minister of Bothwell. He next married Elizabeth Lammy daughter of Rev Sylvester Lammy of Glamis. Their children included:
Sylvester Douglas of Whiteriggs in the Mearns
William Douglas (1666-1746), later became Provost of Forfar
George
James
Katherine, married Dr George Reid of Dundee
Susanna, married Charles White of Dundee
A daughter, married Provost Dean of Forfar
Notes
References
Keith, Robert, An Historical Catalogue of the Scottish Bishops: Down to the Year 1688, (London, 1924)
1716 deaths
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Bishops of Brechin (Church of Scotland)
Bishops of Dunblane
17th-century Scottish Episcopalian bishops
Scottish Episcopalian deans
Year of birth unknown
Members of the Parliament of Scotland 1685–1686
Members of the Convention of the Estates of Scotland 1689
Scottish Restoration bishops
The 1996 Recopa Sudamericana was the eighth Recopa Sudamericana, an annual football match between the winners of the previous season's Copa Libertadores and Supercopa Sudamericana competitions.
The match was contested between Grêmio, winners of the 1995 Copa Libertadores, and defending champions Independiente, winners of the 1995 Supercopa Sudamericana, on April 7, 1996. Grêmio easily dethroned Independiente after a 4-1 thumping in order to consecrate themselves champions of the competition for the first time.
Qualified teams
Match details
References
Rec
Recopa Sudamericana
Recopa Sudamericana, 1996
Recopa Sudamericana 1996
Recopa Sudamericana 1996
1996
Charles Lickfold Warner (10 October 1846 – 12 February 1909) was an English stage actor.
He was born in Kensington. He first appeared in 1861 at a special performance of Richelieu before Queen Victoria.
He committed suicide by hanging himself in his hotel room at the age of 63.
References
Bibliography
Footlight Notes
The Athenaeum, London, Saturday, 20 February 1909, p. 236a
Further reading
1846 births
1909 deaths
English male stage actors
19th-century English male actors
19th-century English singers
1909 suicides
Suicides by hanging in New York (state)
Suicides in New York City
FS 271 was a North Sea convoy of the FS series which ran during World War II from Methil, East Coast of Scotland to Southend-on-Sea, Essex.
Ships in the convoy
References
Bibliography
External links
FS.271 at convoyweb
North Atlantic convoys of World War II
North Sea operations of World War II
Day of Despair () is a 1992 Portuguese drama film based on the life of Portuguese writer Camilo Castelo Branco. It was directed by Manoel de Oliveira. The film was selected as the Portuguese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 65th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Cast
Mário Barroso as Camilo Castelo Branco
Teresa Madruga as Ana Plácido
Luís Miguel Cintra as Freitas Fortuna
Diogo Dória as Dr. Edmundo Magalhães
See also
List of submissions to the 65th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Portuguese submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1992 films
French drama films
1990s Portuguese-language films
1992 drama films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Films produced by Paulo Branco
Portuguese drama films
Biographical films about writers
1990s French films
Detlev Rohwer (14 November 1917 – 30 March 1944) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Detlev Rohwer was wounded on 29 March 1944 after a crash landing. His leg was amputated by doctors and on 30 March 1944 he succumbed to his wounds. During his career he was credited with 38 aerial victories, 12 on the Western Front and 26 on the Eastern Front.
Awards
Flugzeugführerabzeichen
Front Flying Clasp of the Luftwaffe
Ehrenpokal der Luftwaffe (18 July 1941)
Wound Badge (1939)
in Black or Silver
Iron Cross (1939)
2nd Class
1st Class
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 5 October 1941 as Leutnant and pilot in the I. / Jagdgeschwader 3
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Aces of the Luftwaffe
Luftwaffe 1939–1945 History
TracesOfWar.com
1917 births
1944 deaths
Military personnel from Kiel
German World War II flying aces
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
People from the Province of Schleswig-Holstein
German military personnel killed in World War II
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in Germany
Kaniūkai (; ) is a village in the Šalčininkai district municipality of Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, its population was 125.
History
Before 1939 Koniuchy (present-day Kaniūkai) was located in the Lida county of the Nowogródek Voivodeship, Second Polish Republic. It was occupied by the Soviet Union in September 1939 and was transferred to Lithuania according to the Soviet–Lithuanian Mutual Assistance Treaty. The village became part of the Jašiūnai Municipality, Eišiškės County before the Occupation of the Baltic states by the Soviet Union on 3 August 1940. Later it was briefly part of the German Reichskommissariat Ostland before returning to the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic (since 1990, Lithuania).
During World War II, it was the site of the Koniuchy massacre by Soviet partisans which included a detachment of Jewish partisans.
References
Villages in Vilnius County
Carlo III Tocco (1464–1518) was the titular despot of Epirus and count palatine of Cephalonia and Zakynthos from the death of his father Leonardo III Tocco to his own death in 1518. Carlo lived in Rome, where he received pensions from both the Papacy and the Kingdom of Naples. As an adult, Carlo worked as a military officer, serving both the Papacy and Emperor Maximilian I.
Carlo was deeply bitter about the loss of his family's lands in Greece. He married Andronica Arianiti, daughter of Constantine Arianiti, another claimant to lands in Greece, and presented himself not only as the head of the former Epirote despotal family, but also as the heir of the Serbian Branković dynasty and the Byzantine imperial Palaiologos dynasty (though no titles were claimed).
Biography
Carlo III Tocco was the eldest son of Leonardo III Tocco, born on the island of Lefkada in 1464. Carlo's mother, Milica Branković, was the daughter of Lazar Branković, despot of Serbia, and Helena Palaiologina, a daughter of Thomas Palaiologos, the youngest brother of the final Byzantine emperor, Constantine XI Palaiologos. Carlo's father was the last ruling despot of Epirus, losing his last lands in Greece in 1479 to conquest by the Ottoman Empire. Leonardo, his wife Francesca Marzano (Milica having died in 1464), two of his brothers, and Carlo fled to Italy, where they were received by King Ferdinand I of Naples, the uncle of Leonardo's new wife.
Although Leonardo was granted pensions and fiefs in Italy by Ferdinand, they were not prosperous enough to sustain him, his entourage and his family, and were also far from the military aid Leonardo had expected to retake his Greek lands. It was not long before Leonardo found himself in considerably debt, and had lost most of the fiefs he had received. On 29 February 1480, Leonardo, his brothers and Carlo arrived in Rome, seeking money from Pope Sixtus IV. Leonardo was given a more generous pension of 2000 gold pieces in Rome, and hired a house between the Botteghe Oscure and the Via Pellicciaria. After Leonardo's death at some point in the pontificate of Pope Alexander VI (1492–1503), Carlo continued to live in Rome, and served there as captain of the Sacred College. He lived in a house in the Via di S. Marco and enjoying pensions provided by both the pope and the Kingdom of Naples. The generosity of Naples was not as great as it could have been, given that Ferdinand I, who had promised Leonardo that he would treat Carlo as his own son, had been deposed by King Charles VIII of France, who thereafter took control of the Neapolitan kingdom.
Carlo was deeply bitter about the fate of his family's lands in Greece and was discontent over their loss in status and power. In one lamenting document, Carlo is recorded to have referred to his family's fate as a "calamity and rejection of fortune". In the same text, he referred to himself as an heir and descendant of "the despots of Romania and Arta [and] the most serene houses of Serbia, Komnenoi and Palaiologoi, both imperial houses of Constantinople". The claim by Carlo and his descendants that they represented not only the Epirote despotal family, but also the Serbian royal dynasty and the Byzantine imperial one, was not illegitimate given that they represented the heirs of Thomas Palaiologos in the female line. The last fully documented and certain male-line descendants of Thomas Palaiologos died off in the early 16th century, and Helena Palaiologina, Carlo's grandmother, was Thomas's oldest daughter. Out of Helena's three daughters, Carlo's mother was the eldest to have children.
After his father's death, Carlo also fought in the armies of Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor. Carlo died in his house in the Via S. Marco in 1518, during the pontificate of Pope Leo X (1513–1521). Carlo had married Andronica Arianiti, a daughter of Constantine Arianiti, self-proclaimed titular 'Prince of Macedonia' and 'Duke of Achaea'. Carlo's claims were continued by his and Andronica's only child, the son Leonardo IV Tocco, born at some point in the 1510s.
Notes
References
Bibliography
Tocco family
1464 births
1518 deaths
16th-century people of the Holy Roman Empire
16th-century despots of Epirus
Military personnel of the Holy Roman Empire
Branković dynasty
Italian people of Serbian descent
The Men's field hockey Qualifying Tournament for the 2012 Summer Olympics are qualification tournaments to determine the final three spots for the 2012 Summer Olympics. The qualifying tournaments, which involve 18 teams divided into three groups, with three separate qualifying tournaments, are to be held in India, Ireland and Japan, at different times in 2012. Only the winners of each qualifying tournament earn a berth in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
India qualified to Olympics after beating France 8–1 in first qualifying tournament, while South Korea qualified after beating Ireland 3–2 in the second qualifying tournament. South Africa qualified after they beat Japan 2-1 in the third qualifying tournament.
Teams
Below is the list of 18 teams who participate in these qualifying tournaments:
– Replaced by Italy
– Replaced by Brazil
– Replaced by Singapore
– South Africa played in qualifying tournament, then gave up automatic berth which was given to Spain.
Qualifying 1
Qualifying 1 was held from February 18 to February 25, 2012 in New Delhi, India.
Pool
Classification round
Fifth place game
Third place game
Final
Awards
Best Player: Sardar Singh
Best Goalkeeper: Mariusz Chyla
Top Goalscorer: Sandeep Singh (16 goals)
Fair Play:
Final standings
Qualifying 2
Qualifying 2 was held from March 10 to March 18, 2012 in Dublin, Ireland.
Pool
Classification round
Fifth place game
Third place game
Final
Awards
Topscorer: Razie Rahim, Timothy Cockram, Lee Nam-Yong (6 goals)
Best Player: You Hyo-Sik
Final standings
Qualifying 3
Qualifying 3 was held from April 26 to May 6, 2012 in Kakamigahara, Japan.
Venue
Gifu-ken Green Stadium
Pool
Classification
Fifth and sixth
Third and fourth
Final
Awards
Topscorer: Justin Reid-Ross
Best Player: Na Yubo
Best Goalkeeper: Shunsuke Nagaoka
Fair Play:
References
External links
Official website (Qualifying 1)
Official website (Qualifying 2)
Official website (Qualifying 3)
2012
2012
2012
2012
Sunji () is a town of around 52,700 people in the southwest of Shanxi province, People's Republic of China, Hancheng under the administration of Linyi County, to the east-southeast. It administers 45 villages.
References
Township-level divisions of Shanxi
is a train station in Fukuyama, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
José Joaquín Vicuña Larraín (; 1786–1857) was a Chilean politician whose selection as Vice President of Chile by Congress precipitated the Chilean Civil War of 1829. He was of Basque descent.
Vicuña was from a powerful family; of his brothers, Francisco Ramón Vicuña was an influential politician, and Manuel Vicuña was Archbishop of Santiago. He is primarily known for his role in the presidential election of 1829. He ran for president, finishing fourth; but rather than appointing the runner-up (or even second runner-up) as vice president, the Congress controlled by his brother's party appointed Joaquín, precipitating a civil war.
He founded the town of Vicuña in 1821.
References
1786 births
1857 deaths
Chilean people of Basque descent
People of the Chilean Civil War of 1829–30
Vice presidents of Chile
Candidates for President of Chile
Coccothrinax leonis is a palm which is endemic to Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. leonis to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
leonis
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1981
Irwin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 9,538. The county seat is Ocilla. The county was created on December 15, 1818. It was named for Governor Jared Irwin.
In the last years of the American Civil War, Irwin County gained the nickname of the Republic of Irwin due to the Unionism of many of its residents. The location where Jefferson Davis was captured is located in Irwin County near Irwinville.
History
The territories of Appling, Irwin, and Early counties were land newly ceded in 1814 and 1818. These counties were created by a legislative act on December 15, 1818. All or portions of Irwin's five adjacent counties were created from Irwin county along with all of Cook, Colquitt, Lanier, Lowndes, counties and portions of Atkinson, Brooks, Echols, Wilcox, and Worth counties. Irwin was divided into 16 districts of 20 miles and 10 chains square with lots of 70 chains square containing 490 acres according to the Act of 1818. In 1820 each lot was priced at $18, but by 1831 the price was down to $5 per lot.
At the time of the 1820 census, when it included much of central south Georgia, Irwin County had a white population of 372 whites and 39 slaves. In 1825, Lowndes County was formed out of the 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 15th, and 16th land districts in what was then the southern half of the county. In 1830, the county had 1,066 whites, 109 slaves, and 5 free people of color. In 1840, Irwin County had 1,772 whites and 266 slaves. In 1850. Irwin County had 2,874 whites, 459 slaves, and 1 free person of color. In 1853, Worth County was formed out of part of Irwin County. In 1854, Coffee County was also formed from Irwin. In 1860, Irwin County had 1,453 whites and 246 slaves. It was one of a few counties in Georgia outside of mountainous northern Georgia with slaves accounting for a small percentage of its population.
Civil War
During the American Civil War, like the United States in general, Irwin County was also ideologically divided. The county was one of the poorest at the time in Georgia. It was home to a number of Southern Unionists who opposed secession and the Confederacy. The county also provided several regiments to the Confederate Army including:
Company F "Irwin Volunteers", 49th Regiment Georgia Infantry.
In May 1863, several companies of Duncan Lamont Clinch Jr's Fourth Georgia Cavalry were charged with searching Irwin County for deserters. They spent a month searching the county, but were only able to find twenty-two deserters on May 22, the day they arrived. The deserters were sent to Savannah for enlistment or prosecution.
A prominent Unionist in the county was Willis Jackson Bone. He lived west of Irwinville, near the Alapaha River. He was a miller and operated a steam-powered mill on what was then Bones Pond and presently Crystal Lake. Because he was a gristmill operator, Bone was exempt from conscription. During the Civil War, he helped a number of escaped slaves, Confederate deserters, and escaped Union prisoners hide in the swamps along the river. In February 1865, Bone and a large assembly of others gathered in Irwinville. Those assembled declared Irwin County part of the Union again. A lieutenant of the local militia protested the action, but was knocked down with a musket by Bone. Three cheers for Abraham Lincoln followed. The assembly then took after the lieutenant and the enrolling officer Gideon Brown. They and other Confederate sympathizers were chased out of town and threatened with death if they should return. Willis Jackson Bone was hanged near his pond in late April 1865 after he killed a local justice of the peace named Jack Walker while Bone was bringing food to an escaped slave named Toney. Walker had tried to take Toney into custody.
A few months later, Irwinville became the site of the capture of Confederate President Jefferson Davis. Davis was on his way from the capital of the Confederacy at Richmond, Virginia to board a ship with his family and flee to safety in England, Davis stopped at a hotel in Irwinville owned by Doctor G.E. White on the evening of May 9, 1865. There he conversed and socialized with the locals and no one had suspected that they were in the presence of a man of such esteem. Davis and his family moved to an encampment beside a nearby creek bed only a couple of miles from the hotel after they were done talking with the citizens of Irwinville and sometime in the early morning of May 10, the encampment was alarmed by the sound of gunfire. Davis tried to escape towards the creek wearing an overcoat and his wife had tied her scarf around his shoulders, but members of the First Wisconsin and Fourth Michigan Cavalry Regiments captured him. He was taken to Fortress Monroe, Virginia and held for two years. The location is now the Jefferson Davis Memorial Historic Site.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.3%) is water.
The majority and entire central and western portion of Irwin County, bordered by a line running southeast from Fitzgerald, is located in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin. The eastern corner of the county is located in the Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla River basin
Major highways
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 319
State Route 11
State Route 32
State Route 35
State Route 90
State Route 107
State Route 125
State Route 158
State Route 206
Adjacent counties
Ben Hill County (north) (created 1906 from Irwin and Wilcox counties)
Coffee County (east) (created in 1854 from Clinch, Irwin, Telfair, and Ware counties.)
Berrien County (south) (created in 1856 from Coffee, Irwin, and Lowndes counties)
Tift County (southwest) (created 1905 from Berrien, Irwin, and Worth counties.)
Turner County (northwest) (created from Dooly, Irwin, Wilcox, and Worth counties)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 9,931 people, 3,644 households, and 2,696 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,149 housing units at an average density of 12 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 71.98% White, 25.88% Black or African American, 0.06% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 1.25% from other races, and 0.50% from two or more races. 2.03% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,644 households, out of which 35.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.50% were married couples living together, 14.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.00% were non-families. 23.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.80% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 26.10% from 25 to 44, 21.90% from 45 to 64, and 14.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,257, and the median income for a family was $35,234. Males had a median income of $28,827 versus $20,532 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,867. About 13.50% of families and 17.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.30% of those under age 18 and 20.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 9,538 people, 3,495 households, and 2,475 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,033 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 71.4% white, 25.9% black or African American, 0.6% Asian, 1.1% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.4% were American, 13.1% were English, and 9.3% were Irish.
Of the 3,495 households, 35.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were married couples living together, 17.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.2% were non-families, and 25.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.05. The median age was 38.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,376 and the median income for a family was $51,262. Males had a median income of $40,070 versus $23,786 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,561. About 14.9% of families and 25.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 34.1% of those under age 18 and 15.3% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 9,666 people, 3,329 households, and 2,090 families residing in the county.
Communities
City
Ocilla
Unincorporated communities
Irwinville
Mystic
Waterloo
Wray
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Irwin County, Georgia
References
External links
Dorminy's Meeting House historical marker
Irwin County historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1818 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1818
Fitzgerald, Georgia micropolitan area
Southern Unionists in the American Civil War
"The Sword of God" is a 1996 fantasy novelette by Australian writer Russell Blackford.
Background
"The Sword of God" was first published in Australia in 1996 in Paul Collins' Dream Weavers by Penguin Books. It was published alongside 12 other stories by the authors Tony Shillitoe, Melinda Ross, Sean McMullen, Jane Routley, Cadmus Evans, Shannah Jay, Howard Goldsmith, Paul Collins, Isobelle Carmody, Beverley MacDonald, Ian Hayward Robinson and Keith Taylor. In 1997 it was republished in The Years' Best Australian Science Fiction and Fantasy 1996 edited by Jonathan Strahan, Jeremy G. Byrne. In 2003 Wakefield Press and Aphelion Publications published it in Forever Shores, edited by Margaret Winch, Peter McNamara, and in 2004 it was released again in The Best Australian Science Fiction: A Fifty Year Collection, edited by Rob Gerrand and published by Black Inc. "The Sword of God" won the 1996 Aurealis Award for best fantasy short story and the 1997 Ditmar Award for best Australian short fiction.
References
1996 short stories
Australian short stories
Fantasy short stories
Aurealis Award-winning works
K. J. George (1934 – 20 March 2020) was an Indian politician. He joined the Indian National Congress in 1955, and remained active in Indian National Congress (Organisation) until its merger into the Janata Party. George was elected to the Kerala Legislative Assembly for the first time in 1977 under the Janata Party banner. During his first term as a legislator, George represented Thrissur. He contested the Chalakudy seat in the 1987 and 1991 legislative assembly elections, and won both. George retired from politics in 2011, and died on 20 March 2020, aged 85.
References
1934 births
2020 deaths
Kerala MLAs 1977–1979
Kerala MLAs 1987–1991
Kerala MLAs 1991–1996
Indian National Congress politicians
Indian National Congress politicians from Kerala
Indian National Congress (Organisation) politicians
Janata Party politicians
Bharatiya Lok Dal politicians
The 1969 Alcorn A&M Braves football team was an American football team that represented Alcorn A&M University in the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during 1969 NCAA College Division football season. In their fourth season under head coach Marino Casem, Alcorn compiled an 8–0–1 record (6–0–1 against conference opponents), won the SWAC championship, and outscored opponents by a total of 274 to 82.
Alcorn A&M was also recognized as the black college national champion and was ranked No. 8 in the final Associated Press 1969 NCAA College Division rankings.
Schedule
References
Alcorn A&M
Alcorn State Braves football seasons
Black college football national champions
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Alcorn A&M football
The Trinidad and Tobago Police Service Band is a Caribbean police musical unit in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, located in the capital of the Port of Spain. It was founded in 1866 to provide support to local militia and police units, in absence of an active military band. In 1964, Guillermo Antonio Prospect (also known in English speaking circles as Anthony Prospect) formed the first police steel band. A notable member of the band was Lieutenant Joseph Nathaniel Griffith, who later served as bandmaster of the Royal Saint Lucia Police Band and was previously with the Antiguan Police Band. Another member was Superintendent Enrique Moore, who was present with the band when it went to a tattoo in Berlin in 2003.
The band, like other Trinidadian marching bands, owns a steel band. The band maintains a rehearsal space in the capital. It was created and designed by Caribbean Entertainment Technologies, which is a group of broadcast and electrical engineers. There are four rooms located within the compound: a choir room, a steel-pan room, a practice room, and an orchestra room.
In 2017, the largest promotion of band members in the presence of the Commissioner of Police took place, with 23 constables either being promoted to the rank of Corporal or Sergeant.
See also
Jamaica Constabulary Force Band
Barbados Police Service
Fanfare du Palais National
Trinidad and Tobago Defence Force Steel Orchestra
References
Musical groups established in 1866
Police bands
The Pride of the Mountains is the marching band of Western Carolina University. The band performs pre-game, halftime, and post-game shows at all Catamount Football home games and provides exhibition performances throughout the Carolinas. Unlike most college marching bands, the Pride of the Mountains designs, creates, and performs one perfected halftime show other than doing different performances every week.
The Pride of the Mountains has been featured several times as an exhibition band at the BOA Grand National Championships (a showcase for the nation's top high school marching bands) and at four BOA regional competitions in Atlanta, Georgia, once in the Rose Bowl Parade in 2011, and was featured in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City in 2014 & 2019. The Tournament of Champions is hosted on the Western Carolina campus every year in the fall in which 25 high schools are invited to the campus to compete.
History
The Western Carolina University marching band was founded in 1938 with 23 students. In 1991 the band numbered 88 total members, including 18 dancers. Since that time the band has experienced a steady growth to its present membership level of just over 500 members making them the second largest university marching band in the United States.
The marching band is open to all Western Carolina University, Southwestern Community College, and Haywood Community College students regardless of class or major, with approximately 60% of its members comprising non-music majors. The class is available for zero, one, or two credits to encourage the optimal number of members.
Recent Honors
In 1998, 2003, 2008, 2012, and 2015, the Pride of the Mountains Marching Band was featured as an exhibition show at the Bands of America Grand National Championships in Indianapolis. In 2009, the "Pride of the Mountains" marching band was selected as one of the five best collegiate marching bands in the nation by the College Band Directors National Association and featured in the book "Marching Bands and Drumlines: Secrets of Success from the Best of the Best" by Paul Buyer.
BOA Grand Nationals
Recognized on both a regional and national level as one of the premier marching bands in the nation, the Pride of the Mountains has traveled to Indianapolis to perform in the Lucas Oil Stadium.
The Pride of the Mountains first performed in Lucas Oil Stadium in 2008 with their production of "Work It!" The show had four movements including recognition to such popular artists as the "Blue Man Group." They band performed at both the semi-finals and finals portions of the competition.
WCU's 2012 production, entitled "How We Roll" included four movements titled, "Pop," "Lock," "Drop," "Stop," and "Roll," and featured a variety of artists.
Sudler Trophy
The Pride of the Mountains won the Sudler Trophy in 2009. The award is often referred to as the "Heisman Trophy of collegiate marching bands". Western Carolina is the only institution in the state of North Carolina and the first member of the Southern Conference selected for this very prestigious award.
Tournament of Roses Parade
The Pride of the Mountains were invited to participate in the Tournament of Roses Parade 2011 located in Pasadena, California. The 2011 theme of the parade was "Building Dreams Friendships & Memories." Both the band and the university were given national attention for both their performance in the parade and at the annual BandFest presented by Remo. At BandFest the Pride of the Mountains performed their field show of "Rock U." They were voted as the best band in the 2011 Rose Parade poll created by KTLA-TV with 72,287 votes making them the most voted musical group of any of the parade's participants.
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade
In 2014, the Pride of the Mountains performed in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. The band performed with 510 members participating, and announcers described their performance as "This is the largest band this parade has seen in decades", "This is the best of the best", and "They don't mess around at Western Carolina".
In 2019, the Pride of the Mountains performed in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade again.
Pep bands
The "Cathouse Band" pep band plays at home basketball games during basketball season. A band of 100+ members for both men's and women's basketball games is open to all students. The pep bands travel with the WCU basketball teams to end of season conference and NCAA tournaments.
"Purple Thunder" is a standing, indoor percussion ensemble that performs during halftime at select home basketball games. The group is chosen through an audition process. In addition to the drums (snares, tenors, and basses), the group also includes the WCU Cheer and Dance Teams, as well as an electronic sound system that provides the pop music that accompanies the percussion. The group made their debut performance in the spring of 2008.
Traditions
March to the Stadium
Approximately one hour prior to the start of home Catamount Football games, the marching band lines up for the march to the stadium. The march is complete with police escort. The band lines up in the street between Scott Resident Hall and the dining hall and marches down the road past the Fine and Performing Arts Center and halts in front of the stadium to perform the fight song for the crowd of tailgating fans.
Singing the Alma Mater
The singing of the Alma Mater occurs during the pregame show. It is sung right before the National Anthem, which marks the beginning to the spirit sequence, in which the band spells out different variations of the university's mascot. The Alma Mater is also sung after the post game performance before the band dismisses for the day.
Tournament of Champions
The Pride of the Mountain's Tournament of Champions is an invitational competition that invites 25 of the Southeast's top high school marching bands to the Cullowhee campus annually. These event attracts nearly 10,000 musicians and spectators. Pride of the Mountains also performs twice on this day as an exhibition show.
Other ensembles
Wind Ensemble - Directed by Dr. Margaret Underwood, this auditioned ensemble of 40-50 musicians performs a challenging repertory that includes standard literature, contemporary works, and premieres of commissioned works. This group meets every semester.
Jazz Band - Directed by jazz pianist & composer Pavel Wlosok, this auditioned group performs jazz standards and new works for jazz band. This ensemble meets every semester.
Symphonic Band - This auditioned ensemble of 50-60 musicians, directed by Dr. Jack A. Eaddy Jr., performs a repertory of both standard and contemporary works. This ensemble meets every semester.
Concert Band - Directed by Mr. Trevor Bailey, this ensemble of 60-70 musicians serves as both an auditioned ensemble for music majors and an audition free ensemble for non-majors and performs literature of the medium to medium advanced category. This group meets in only the Spring semester.
Artist-in-Residence Orchestra - With a professional string section from the Asheville Symphony Orchestra, this auditioned ensemble performs orchestral masterworks with wind, brass, and percussion students.
Civic Orchestra - A college and community chamber orchestra, led by Dr. Damon Sink.
Percussion Ensemble - Led by Dr. Adam Groh, this group performs challenging works for various combinations of percussion instruments.
Studio Ensembles - Most of the wind and brass studios offer small ensembles of like instruments that are conducted or coached by the studio teacher. These include the Tuba and Euphonium Ensemble, Trumpet Ensemble, Trombone Choir, and Saxophone Quartet.
Gamelan Ensemble - Consists of tuned percussion instruments (gongs, chimes, etc.) from Indonesia and is directed by Dr. Will Peebles.
Concert Choir - Directed by Dr. Allison Thorp, this ensemble features around 20 to 30 auditioned musicians who perform a challenging and diverse repertory of choral music.
Catamount Singers & Electric Soul - This vocal ensemble performs popular music combined with choreography. This group includes a full rhythm and horn section called Electric Soul. It is the primary ensemble of the Commercial & Electronic music program at WCU.
Mountain Winds - Directed by Bob Buckner and Jon Henson, is community ensemble is open musicians around the Western North Carolina area.
Service organizations
Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia
Kappa Kappa Psi
Sigma Alpha Iota
References
External links
Pride of the Mountains
Western Carolina University
Western Carolina University at Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade (2014)
Pride of the Mountains Marching Band at Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade (2014)
WCU's Purple Thunder - "Hit The Lights"
Western Carolina University
Southern Conference marching bands
Musical groups established in 1938
1938 establishments in North Carolina
Jeff Davis County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 15,068. The county seat is Hazlehurst. The county was created on August 18, 1905, and named for Jefferson Davis, the only Confederate president.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water.
Most of the northern border area, as well as part of the western border of Jeff Davis County, from northeast of Hazlehurst to west of Denton, is located in the Lower Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. Most of the eastern corner of the county, east of Hazlehurst and north of Graham, is located in the Altamaha River sub-basin of the larger basin by the same name. The central and southeastern portion of Jeff Davis County, south of Hazlehurst, is located in the Little Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla River basin. The remaining central and southern portion of the county is located in the Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 221
U.S. Route 341
State Route 19
State Route 19 Connector
State Route 27
State Route 107
State Route 135
State Route 135 Connector
State Route 268
Adjacent counties
Wheeler County (north)
Montgomery County (northeast)
Toombs County (northeast)
Appling County (southeast)
Bacon County (southeast)
Coffee County (southwest)
Telfair County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 12,684 people, 4,828 households, and 3,592 families living in the county. The population density was 38 people per square mile (15/km2). There were 5,581 housing units at an average density of 17 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 81.20% White, 15.14% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 0.44% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 2.39% from other races, and 0.55% from two or more races. 5.13% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,828 households, out of which 35.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.50% were married couples living together, 13.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.60% were non-families. 22.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.20% under the age of 18, 9.30% from 18 to 24, 28.20% from 25 to 44, 23.30% from 45 to 64, and 11.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,310, and the median income for a family was $30,930. Males had a median income of $26,261 versus $20,095 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,780. About 16.80% of families and 19.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.70% of those under age 18 and 22.10% of those ages 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 15,068 people, 5,689 households, and 4,079 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,488 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 76.1% white, 14.8% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 7.3% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 10.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.2% were American, 7.5% were Irish, and 5.7% were English.
Of the 5,689 households, 38.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.4% were married couples living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.3% were non-families, and 24.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 36.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,928 and the median income for a family was $40,313. Males had a median income of $33,340 versus $27,126 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,730. About 14.9% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 31.2% of those under age 18 and 19.5% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 14,779 people, 5,279 households, and 3,790 families residing in the county.
Communities
Cities
Denton
Hazlehurst
Census-designated place
Satilla
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jeff Davis County, Georgia
References
External links
Jeff Davis County historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1905 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1905
Pauli Sandström (25 December 1899 – 13 March 1988) was a Finnish athlete. He competed in the men's long jump at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1899 births
1988 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Finnish male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Finland
Place of birth missing
is a railway station in Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Ube Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line and the Ube Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Cultural References
The station appears at the very end of the film Evangelion: 3.0+1.0 Thrice Upon a Time to the music track of One Last Kiss by Utada Hikaru.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1910
Tyranneutes is a genus of South American birds in the family Pipridae. Both genders somewhat resemble females of other manakins, but are even smaller. They are native to the humid forests in the Amazon and the Guianas. The two species are entirely allopatric (their distributions separated by major rivers).
Etymology
Tyranneutes: turanneuō “to be a tyrant”, from τυραννος turannos “tyrant”.
Species
References
Restall, R. L., Rodner, C., & Lentino, M. (2006). Birds of Northern South America. Christopher Helm, London. (vol. 1). (vol. 2).
Bird genera
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxa named by Osbert Salvin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Torquigener pleurogramma, commonly known as the weeping toadfish, is a species of fish in the family Tetraodontidae. It is found in the coastal waters of Australia. Its flesh is highly toxic.
Charles Tate Regan described the species in 1903. Early records in Australian waters of the orange-spotted toadfish (T. hypselogeneion) refer to the weeping toadfish. Other common names for T. pleurogramma include banded toadfish and common blowfish.
Reaching 22 cm (8.7 in) in length, T. pleurogramma has an elongated body with a rounded back and flattened belly. It has a small mouth, with thin lips at its apex, and a tiny chin. It has dense, sturdy spines from its nose to halfway between its pectoral and dorsal fins. It has greyish or greenish upperparts dotted with lighter and darker dots and dark bands. Its chin is yellowish, and belly is white. A dark-brown stripe runs from the base of the pectoral fin to the tail fin along the fish's sides. Several dark lines run vertically down its cheeks that give the fish a "weeping" appearance. Its corneas turn yellow in bright light.
It can be distinguished from the orange-spotted toadfish (which is not found in Australian waters) by its more prominent spines.
Its range is from Hervey Bay in central Queensland to Narooma in southern New South Wales on Australia's east coast, and from Adelaide around to Coral Bay in Western Australia. It is found off Lord Howe Island, but not Tasmania. It lives in shallow salt water and can gather around jetties and piers. It can be found to depths of 27 m (89 ft).
Schools may form in deeper coastal waters during summer, moving from their estuarine habitat and perhaps dying out en masse during autumn. The species is known to attack divers in large numbers, like the silver pufferfish Lagocephalus sceleratus, but they are not able to inflict large bites.
Domestic animals are especially vulnerable to poisoning by the flesh of this species.
References
Tetraodontidae
Fish described in 1903
Suna Venter was a South African current affairs journalist, fiction writer, and senior radio producer at the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC). She was one of a group of eight journalists known as the SABC8 who were suspended in 2016 for objecting to the editorial policies implemented by SABC COO Hlaudi Motsoeneng.
Most notably the policy by the SABC of refusing to air protest footage. The policy was reversed following a parliamentary enquiry.
Following their suspension the journalists including Venter were the victims of numerous death threats, home break-ins and other forms of intimidation to get them to drop a Constitutional Court case against the SABC.
Death
On 29 June 2017, Venter was found dead in her home in Kelland, Johannesburg. She was 32 years old. Her death is believed to have resulted from stress induced cardiomyopathy caused by the intimidation attempts against her following her and her colleagues' criticism of Motsoeneng's policies.
The Inkatha Freedom Party made a statement following her death that she "was a hero of all times." Others condolences came from included those from South African journalists as well as the Ahmed Kathrada Foundation, and Right2Know.
Suna was survived by her mother Christa, father Philip, sister Tessa, and brother Wilhelm. The SAPS are investigating her death, but the investigating officer told the family that her death was caused by heart failure.
References
1980s births
2017 deaths
South African journalists
People from Johannesburg
Tenmile Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a tributary of the Nooksack River.
Tenmile Creek was named from its distance, approximately away from Bellingham.
See also
List of rivers of Washington
References
Rivers of Whatcom County, Washington
Rivers of Washington (state)
Fishtrap Lake State Park is a park located southeast of Pikeville, Kentucky in Pike County. The park opened to the public in 2003. Fishtrap Lake, the park's main feature, covers approximately .
References
State parks of Kentucky
Protected areas of Pike County, Kentucky
Protected areas established in 2003
2003 establishments in Kentucky
Laura Iglesias Romero was a Spanish chemist who was a pioneer in the use of atomic spectroscopy in the study of the movements of stars.
Biography
Born in Benavente, Zamora in 1928, Iglesias Romero was a scientific researcher at the Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas (CSIC). In 1956 she received a grant from CSIC to study at the Princeton University where she worked with Allen Shenstone (at the time Dean of the Physics faculty). Following this, she moved to Washington in order to work at the National Bureau of Standards during the 1960s.
After refusing various offers, she returned to Spain to CSIC. After joining the Instituto de Óptica Daza de Valdés, she dedicated her studies to obtaining and observing spectra of transition metal elements, which would go on to be of particular interest in the field of astrophysics. These data were used to understand the movements of stars and other heavy elements in the periodic system.
In 2008, the 'Premio de Divulgación Científica' award for scientific communication, convened by the Valladolid Science Museum Foundation and the Castilla y León government, was named after her.
References
1928 births
Spanish chemists
Spanish physicists
20th-century women scientists
Spanish women chemists
Living people
Clathrina is a genus of calcareous sponge in the family Clathrinidae. Several species formerly in Clathrina were transferred to the newly erected genera Arturia, Ernstia, Borojevia, and Brattegardia in 2013. The name is derived from the Latin word "clathratus" meaning "latticed".
Description
Species of Clathrina have a tubular organization as all species of the family Clathrinidae, with the cormus composed of anastomosed tubes. The skeleton contains spicules in the form of triactines and/or tetractines, sometimes with diactines, tripods and tetrapods as well. The choanoderm is usually flat, never forming folds when the sponge is extended.
Species
There are 68 species assigned to Clathrina.
Clathrina angraensis Azevedo & Klautau, 2007
Clathrina antofagastensis Azevedo, Hajdu, Willenz & Klautau, 2009
Clathrina aphrodita Azevedo, Cóndor-Luján, Willenz, Hajdu, Hooker & Klautau, 2015
Clathrina arabica (Miklucho-Maclay in Haeckel, 1872)
Clathrina arnesenae (Rapp, 2006)
Clathrina aurea Solé-Cava, Klautau, Boury-Esnault, Borojevic & Thorpe, 1991
Clathrina beckingae Van Soest & De Voogd, 2015
Clathrina blanca (Miklucho-Maclay, 1868)
Clathrina broendstedi Rapp, Janussen & Tendal, 2011
Clathrina camura (Rapp, 2006)
Clathrina cancellata (Verrill, 1873)
Clathrina ceylonensis (Dendy, 1905)
Clathrina chrysea Borojevic & Klautau, 2000
Clathrina clara Klautau & Valentine, 2003
Clathrina clathrus (Schmidt, 1864)
Clathrina conifera Klautau & Borojevic, 2001
Clathrina coriacea (Montagu, 1814)
Clathrina cribrata Rapp, Klautau & Valentine, 2001
Clathrina curacaoensis Cóndor-Luján, Louzada, Hajdu & Klautau, 2018
Clathrina cylindractina Klautau, Solé-Cava & Borojevic, 1994
Clathrina delicata Fontana, Cóndor-Luján, Azevedo, Pérez & Klautau, 2018
Clathrina dictyoides (Haeckel, 1872)
Clathrina fjordica Azevedo, Hajdu, Willenz & Klautau, 2009
Clathrina flexilis (Haeckel, 1872)
Clathrina globulosa Cóndor-Luján, Louzada, Hajdu & Klautau, 2018
Clathrina helveola Wörheide & Hooper, 1999
Clathrina heronensis Wörheide & Hooper, 1999
Clathrina hispanica Klautau & Valentine, 2003
Clathrina hondurensis Klautau & Valentine, 2003
Clathrina insularis Azevedo, Padua, Moraes, Rossi, Muricy & Klautau, 2017
Clathrina jorunnae Rapp, 2006
Clathrina lacunosa (Johnston, 1842)
Clathrina laminoclathrata Carter, 1886
Clathrina loculosa (Haeckel, 1870)
Clathrina lutea Azevedo, Padua, Moraes, Rossi, Muricy & Klautau, 2017
Clathrina luteoculcitella Wörheide & Hooper, 1999
Clathrina macleayi (Lendenfeld, 1885)
Clathrina maremeccae Van Soest & De Voogd, 2018
Clathrina multiformis (Breitfuss, 1898)
Clathrina mutabilis Azevedo, Padua, Moraes, Rossi, Muricy & Klautau, 2017
Clathrina mutsu (Hôzawa, 1928)
Clathrina nuroensis Azevedo, Cóndor-Luján, Willenz, Hajdu, Hooker & Klautau, 2015
Clathrina osculum Carter, 1886
Clathrina parva Wörheide & Hooper, 1999
Clathrina passionensis van Soest, Kaiser & Van Syoc, 2011
Clathrina pedunculata (Lendenfeld, 1885)
Clathrina pellucida (Rapp, 2006)
Clathrina peruana Azevedo, Cóndor-Luján, Willenz, Hajdu, Hooker & Klautau, 2015
Clathrina philippina (Haeckel, 1872)
Clathrina primordialis (Haeckel, 1872)
Clathrina procumbens (Lendenfeld, 1885)
Clathrina pulcherrima (Dendy, 1891)
Clathrina purpurea Van Soest & De Voogd, 2015
Clathrina ramosa (Azevedo, Hajdu, Willenz & Klautau, 2009)
Clathrina repens Van Soest & De Voogd, 2018
Clathrina rodriguesensis Van Soest & De Voogd, 2018
Clathrina rotunda Klautau & Valentine, 2003
Clathrina rotundata Voigt, Erpenbeck & Wörheide, 2017
Clathrina rowi Voigt, Erpenbeck & Wörheide, 2017
Clathrina rubra Sarà, 1958
Clathrina sceptrum (Haeckel, 1872)
Clathrina sinusarabica Klautau & Valentine, 2003
Clathrina smaragda Lopes, Padua, Cóndor-Luján & Klautau, 2018
Clathrina sororcula Van Soest & De Voogd, 2015
Clathrina stipitata (Dendy, 1891)
Clathrina tendali Rapp, 2015
Clathrina wistariensis Wörheide & Hooper, 1999
Clathrina zelinhae Azevedo, Padua, Moraes, Rossi, Muricy & Klautau, 2017
See also
Guancha apicalis
References
Clathrinidae
The Democratic Black Caucus of Florida is an organization representing the Black members of the Democratic Party. It was established in 1983 to unite and increase the political power for Black Democrats. The Caucus is an integral part of the Florida Democratic Party's infrastructure and supports qualified candidates. It aims to improve voter participation through voter registration drives (EVRD), get out the vote (GOTV), voter action network (VAN), and vote by mail (VBM). The organization's president is H. Bruce Miles.
History
Black delegates at the 1981 Florida State Democratic Party Convention in Hollywood, Florida, felt the need for increasing the power and influence of Black Democrats within the party. A decision was made at the Convention to unite Black Democrats throughout the State, resulting in the organization of the Democratic Black Caucus of Florida. The caucus was recognized on September 24, 1983, by the Florida Democratic Party as an official affiliate organization.
The Democratic Black Caucus of Florida is inclusive; all registered Democrats who subscribe to the Caucus' objectives are invited to join.
See also
Florida Democratic Party
Congressional Black Caucus
References
External links
Democratic Black Caucus of Florida
Florida Democratic Party
Congressional Black Caucus
Volusia County Democratic Black Caucus of Florida
Orange County Democratic Black Caucus of Florida (Facebook)
Florida Black Caucus
Black Caucus of Florida
Organizations established in 1980
Politics of Florida
Democratic Caucuses of Florida
The Rex Theater () is a theater in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, that was opened in October, 1935.
It was built by the Société Haïtienne des Spectacles (Haitian Entertainment Corporation), led by Daniel Brun. The theater seated 1200 people and was managed by Mrs. Muffat Taldy until 1951.
Cultural events
The Rex has been the site of many cultural and entertainment events. In its first week, the Rex Theater screened films that included La Bataille (The Battle), La Robe Rouge (The Red Dress), Gai Divorce (The Gay Divorcee), and Banque Nemo (Nemo's Bank), and its first play was performed in April 1937.
A performance at the Rex was given by Marian Anderson.
Political events
On various occasions events at the Rex have had a political focus or political implications. For example, on 20 December 1945, as the first of a planned series of twelve lectures, the poet André Breton spoke at the Rex on "Surréalisme". Upon completing his lecture, which was attended by six hundred students as well as the president of Haiti and many of his ministers, senators and deputies, and some military dignitaries and business people,
Many years later, in 2001, the Rex was the planned site of an opposition political event. The Rex Theater had been the initially planned site for the "inauguration" of Gérard Gourgue as an "alternative president". However, "the theater's management, fearful of popular outrage, canceled the event".
References
External links
"Rex Théatre, un patrimoine à sauvegarder" (Youtube) ("Rex Théatre, a heritage to be preserved")
Rex Theater at Cinema Treasures
Theatres in Haiti
Cinemas in Haiti
Buildings and structures completed in 1935
Buildings and structures in Port-au-Prince
Theatres completed in 1935
Vladislav Sapeya (; born 11 June 1943) is a Belarusian sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics representing the Soviet Union.
References
1943 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Belarusian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Place of birth missing (living people)
Universiade bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Medalists at the 1970 Summer Universiade
Soviet male sprinters
Arthur Knyvett-Lee (6 June 1887 - 1974) was a British art gallery owner, the co-founder of The Redfern Gallery.
Knyvett-Lee was born on 6 June 1887. He was the son of Frederic Hugh Lee, a solicitor, and his wife Florence Lee.
He served in the British Army during the First World War, rising to the rank of captain, with the Somerset Light Infantry.
In 1923, Knyvett-Lee co-founded The Redfern Gallery with Anthony Maxtone Graham on the top floor of Redfern House, 27 Old Bond Street, London, as an artists' cooperative.
He died in 1974.
References
Art dealers from London
Somerset Light Infantry officers
1887 births
1974 deaths
20th-century English businesspeople
Chasseur, French for "hunter", may refer to:
Chasseur, French term for a type of light infantry and the regiments of such infantry
Chasseur-class destroyer, French destroyers of the early 20th century
Chasseur (1812 clipper), a Baltimore clipper commanded by Captain Thomas Boyle, one of the most famous American privateers
Le Chasseur, a brand of French cast iron cookware
Chasseur (sauce), a French brown sauce
Brooklyn Chasseurs, an American Civil War unit
A chasseur cap is another name for a kepi, which is a cap with a flat, round top and a stiff visor
Chasseur was the French term for pursuit aircraft, i.e. fighter aircraft
Robert Bernard Martin (1918–1999) was an American scholar and biographer, specializing in Victorian literature.
Life
Robert Bernard Martin was born September 11, 1918, in La Harpe, Illinois, to Carl and Maggie Martin. He graduated from high school in Davenport and received his A.B. summa cum laude from the University of Iowa in 1943. During World War II he served in the U.S. Army Air Forces in Italy and France. He was Professor of English at Princeton University from 1951 to 1975, when he retired to Oxford.
Martin published several books about the Victorian era, including biographies of Alfred Tennyson, Gerard Manley Hopkins and Edward Fitzgerald. His life of Tennyson won the James Tait Black Award and the Duff Cooper Prize.
Works
The Triumph of Wit: Study of Victorian Comic Theory, (1974)
Tennyson: The Unquiet Heart, (1980)
With Friends Possessed: A Life of Edward Fitzgerald, (1985)
The Accents of Persuasion: Charlotte Bronte's Novels
Enter Rumour, (Four Early Victorian Scandals)
The Dust of Combat (A Life of Charles Kingsley)
Victorian poetry; ten major poets
Gerard Manley Hopkins: A Very Private Life, (1991)
References
1918 births
1999 deaths
People from Hancock County, Illinois
20th-century American biographers
Historians from Illinois
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
University of Iowa alumni
Princeton University faculty
Aladikkumulai is a village located in Pattukkottai Taluk, Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of the best environmental village in the thanjavur district and the village people are various communities, Veerakodi Vellalar and Nadar, Devar, Ambalakarar, Yadava, Adi Dravida, Muslims and Christians are live in this village. It is located very near the Pattukkottai town. It is sparsely populated.
The village contains a pond called 'Thamarai Kulam', which is most beautiful with the growth of lotus.
The village has a government primary and high school. Also has a private school named 'Brindhavan Higher Secondary School'.
The other name for this village is 'Thamarai KudiKaadu'.
Most of the residents are educated. Agriculture used to be the main occupation, but this has declined in popularity, possibly due to lack of water and reduced profitability. There is a temple dedicated to Mari Amman for whom a festival is conducted every year.
Other temples located in this village are Sri Muthumariamman, Sri Kaliamman, Sri Nagathamman, Sri Veeranar, Sri Muneeswaran and Sri Vinayagar.
Tamil is the official language and is predominantly spoken. English is widely understood in the village area. Both languages are widely used for various purposes such as commerce, in the village.
References
Villages in Thanjavur district
"Ballad of Forty Dollars" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Tom T. Hall. It was released in October 1968 as the fourth and final single from the album of the same name, Ballad of Forty Dollars. The song was Hall's first top 10 on the U.S. country singles chart, peaking at number 4 on both the U.S. chart and the Canadian country singles chart.
Content
The song is narrated by a cemetery caretaker. He observes the funeral of a man and the people coming bid him farewell, the preacher, the great-uncle's limousine, his grieving wife, the military "Taps" (as he probably was a war veteran), and the gossip about his estate.
Background
Hall took this song, as many of his hits, from personal experience; he was working with his aunt on a cemetery and was observing many funerals and the people coming, then talking about the guy who owed him 40 dollars. He said: “You're certainly not going to go to the widow and collect it. I guess it's lost.”
Chart performance
References
1968 singles
Tom T. Hall songs
Songs written by Tom T. Hall
Song recordings produced by Jerry Kennedy
Mercury Records singles
1968 songs
Mani Leib (Mani Leyb, ; born Mani Leib Brahinsky, ; 20 December 1883, Nezhin, Russian Empire – 4 October 1953, New York) was a Yiddish-language poet.
He was one of eight children; his father sold furs, hides, and animals at regional fairs. His mother supported the family selling hens, geese and eggs. In (A Story About Myself), he describes her as a fount of spontaneous rhymes, poems, and epigrams.
At the age of 11 Leyb left school to be apprenticed to a bootmaker and as a participant in "revolutionary activities", he was arrested twice while still in his teens.
He migrated to the United States at the age of 22 and settled in New York City in 1906. He published his poems in Yiddish newspapers like The Jewish Daily Forward. Writing in the cadences of ordinary speech, he formed a group of poets called Di Yunge ("the Young"). According to the Jewish Virtual Library, Leib's sound poems drew renewed attention to the Yiddish language through their skillful use of alliteration and repetition." These poems proved controversial, and were parodied by Moyshe-Leyb Halpern in 1910; the two, it is argued, became rivals.
Mani Leib also wrote about children. His classic, Yingl Tsingl Khvat, was illustrated by the Russian avant-garde master, El Lissitzky.
He worked throughout his life making shoes and boots, and he references his profession in the poem "I Am." He contracted tuberculosis and lived in a sanatorium for two years. He never lost his belief in "the ability of poetry to transform the mundane into the divine."
His reputation continued to grow after his death, when his collected work was published: (Songs and Ballads) in 1955 and (Sonnets) in 1961. was reprinted in 1963 with parallel Hebrew translations by Shimshon Meltzer, and an introduction by Itzik Manger. The second volume of contains a brief autobiography.
References
External links
1883 births
1953 deaths
Yiddish-language poets
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Ukrainian Jews
Jewish American poets
20th-century poets
The 1973 CECAFA Cup was the inaugural edition of the CECAFA Cup, and was held in Uganda. The CECAFA Cup is considered Africa's oldest football tournament, and involves teams from Central and Southern Africa. The matches in the 1973 tournament were played from 22 September 1973 until 29 September 1973. The tournament was originally the Gossage Cup, contested by the four nations of Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, and Zanzibar, running from 1929 until 1965. In 1967, this became the East and Central African Senior Challenge Cup, often shortened to simply the Challenge Cup, which was competed for five years, until 1971, before the CECAFA Cup was introduced in 1973. Uganda, the hosts, won the Cup, beating Tanzania 2–1 in the final. The tournament lacked a third-place play-off, so the runners-up in the group stages, Kenya and Zambia, shared third place. After Uganda and Zambia drew in the group stages with the same number of points, goals conceded and goals scored, a play-off occurred, which Uganda won. The tournament has been expanded, and the modern-day tournament consists of 12 different teams (Ethiopia, South Sudan, Burundi, Rwanda, Sudan, and Eritrea have joined since 1973).
Participants
Six nations competed: the original four teams from the Gossage Cup, plus two more teams:
Group stages
The group stage began on 22 September and ended on 28 September with Group A's play-off. The matchdays alternated between group A and group B throughout the week, finishing with the group A play-off. After the end of the scheduled matches in group A, Uganda and Zanzibar were level on the traditional deciders listed below, so to decide which team qualified for the final a play-off was arranged, won by Uganda.
If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches, the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings (in descending order):
Number of points obtained in games between the teams involved;
Goal difference in games between the teams involved;
Goals scored in games between the teams involved;
Away goals scored in games between the teams involved;
Goal difference in all games;
Goals scored in all games;
Drawing of lots.
Group A
Group A Play-off
Group B
Final
Final rankings
Teams are ranked using the same tie-breaking criteria as in the group stage, except for the top four teams.
References
CECAFA Cup
International association football competitions hosted by Uganda
CECAFA
1973 in Ugandan sport
The 2009–10 Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League season was the second season of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League (BHL), after a 6-year hiatus. HK Stari Grad defeated HK Bosna in the best of three final series two games to one, winning the championship.
League business
For the 2009–10 season all games will be played at the Olympic Hall Zetra. The league employs modified rules. Games last for 45 minutes without a stopping clock, and contact is not allowed. The season opened with the three teams with only one, HK Bosna, returning from the previous season. The two new teams are HK Stari Grad and HK Alfa who were founded in 2002 and 2003 respectively. Each played ten games before the top two teams enter the three game playoffs.
The three teams were given nicknames to play under for the season. HK Bosna plays under the name Lisice sa Općine Centar, HK Alfa plays under the name Medvjedi iz Novog Sarajeva, and HK Stari Grad plays under the name Vukovi sa Starog Grada.
Regular season
Standings
Fixtures
Playoffs
HK Bosna and HK Stari Grad qualified for the playoffs after finishing first and second in the regular season standings respectively. HK Stari Grad won the best of three championship series, two games to one.
References
External links
Bosnia and Herzegovina Ice Hockey Federation
Bosnia and Herzegovina Hockey League seasons
Bosnia And Herzegovina Hockey League Season
2009–10 in Bosnia and Herzegovina ice hockey
The Green Factory is an office building located in Bundang-gu Seongnam-si of South Korea, and serves as the headquarters of Naver Corporation, a Korean internet content service company. The building was completed in March 2010, with 27 floors above ground and 7 floors underground.
The Green Factory's energy-saving features helped it win the acclaimed Good Design award in 2011. The building is also certified as 'platinum' under the global green building design rating system LEED.
Planning and construction
The interior of the building was designed to provide as open an environment as possible, where the company's culture and values would be reflected. The intent was to create a working space which fosters better communication between employees.
Design and structure
Design
Green Factory's office spaces are designed like pods, which focus on a central open meeting area. Most of the central meeting spaces have non-traditional furniture and match the casual theme represented throughout the rest of the interior.
Indoor facilities
Unlike the rest of the building, the first and second floors are open to the public. Facilities found in the lobby include the library, the magazine street, and the information desk.
The library provides a variety of books and encyclopedias, including a collection of around 16,000 thousand books from 38 countries over the world. The magazine street refers to an area furnished with bookshelves displaying 250 kinds of magazines, both in Korean and foreign languages, with various different categories including fashion, beauty, sports, leisure, IT, cooking, business, economy, and so on. Visitors also have access to a cafe selling beverages and snacks, as well as a store selling character products made by Naver and Line. Part of the profits go to organizations that support the disabled.
The Connect Hall, which is located on the second floor, is a multipurpose auditorium for meetings, lectures, seminars, concerts, and weddings. The auditorium can accommodate up to 260 people, and has power sockets underneath each seat so that visitors can use their laptops freely.
The Green Factory also has an exercise center where professional trainers provides personalized workout programs for employees. Other facilities include a café, an outdoor terrace, a healthcare center, a shower room, a recovery room, and a massage room. On the same floor there is also a convenience store, a travel agency, an insurance agency, a postal service, and a help desk.
The emergency stairs sport different patterns and designs instead of the typical painted concrete finish. One side is themed like a park, and it is intended to have a peaceful and eco-friendly atmosphere with brighter lighting. The other side is designed like a track, encouraging employees to exercise by indicating the number of calories burnt.
Louvers
The steel and glass façade houses adjustable vertical louvers which restrict or allow sunlight to enter the building. The louvers are automatically closed and opened at times of sunrise and sunset, allowing the building to save energy. On special occasions, the façade displays different images such as the company's logo. Internal light is selectively blocked by a nocturnal automated louver system.
Maintenance
Green Factory was originally built as a working space for around 3,000 employees, but it is currently overpopulated, raising the necessity for an expansion. Naver has begun the construction of its second head office building adjacent to the current headquarters on a 120,000 square-meter site that it purchased from Seongnam city for 123.5 billion won (US$111 million).
See also
Naver (corporation)
Naver (search engine)
References
Industrial buildings in South Korea
Naver Corporation
The 2017 U-19 Asia Rugby Championship is an international rugby union competition for Under 20 national teams in Asia. The winners will secure a berth at the 2018 World Rugby Under 20 Trophy.
Top division
The top division will be hosted in Sri Lanka and Hong Kong on 10 and 16 December 2017 respectively. It will be played over two legs.
Matches
Division 1
Division 1 matches will be held by the Philippines at the International School Manila in Taguig from 13–16 December 2017.
Matches
Semi-finals
3rd place playoff
Final
References
2017 rugby union tournaments for national teams
rugby union
2017 in Asian rugby union
Asia Rugby Championship
The East Coast Line () is a long mainline railway in Sweden, linking the cities of Stockholm, Uppsala, Gävle and Sundsvall, as well as the suburbs north of Stockholm.
History
At the construction of the first Swedish mainline railway network 1856–1891 there was a principle to avoid the coasts. This was for military reasons (protect against attacks, airplanes did not exist) and to bring steam powered transport to areas without any. The coasts already had steamboats. The Northern Main Line was built Stockholm–Uppsala–Avesta–Storvik–Ånge. Gävle, Söderhamn and Sundsvall which today are located along the East Coast Line were then connected by branches from the mainline.
The first part of today's East Coast Line was the Stockholm–Uppsala part of the Northern Main Line, which opened on 20 September 1866. It was followed by the Uppsala–Gävle Railway, which was built by a private company and opened 1874. The railway Gävle–Sundsvall–Härnösand was opened 1927 after several years of debate. It was called the East Coast Line, and was built by a company mainly owned by the government and the cities along it. After a revision of the naming of railways in Sweden, the name East Coast Line was given to the railway Stockholm–Uppsala–Gävle–Sundsvall.
Electrification
The first part of the line was electrified in 1906–07 as a part of SJ's electrification trials. In 1926, the Western Main Line between Stockholm and Gothenburg was electrified. As Stockholm's main train depot is located in Hagalund, on the East Coast Line, this part was also electrified at the same time. The whole line was finally electrified in 1934. As all other lines in Sweden, East Coast Line is electrified with .
Improvements
The line was extended to double track between Stockholm and Uppsala as early as in 1906. Some curvy sections were rebuilt in the 70s and the 80s, but most of the improvements were done in the 90s, with the introduction of the tilting high-speed train X2000. In the middle of the 90s, the line was completely overloaded with heavy commuter and long distance services north of Stockholm. In 1996, the work started on the Arlanda Line, a loop line which increased the distance with 3 km. With the introduction of 3 extra trains per hour between Stockholm and Stockholm-Arlanda Airport, the line was extended to four tracks between Stockholm and Skavsta. This also resulted in increased speeds, from . In Skavsta, the old line, which goes over Märsta, diverges from the new line. Märsta serves as the terminus for most of the commuter services. It has been mentioned that the track might get upgraded to run up to 250 km/h but this has not been confirmed yet.
Traffic
Ostkustbanan is the busiest line in Sweden, with 60 trains per hour north of Stockholm. Here is a list of trains which use the line:
X2000: Stockholm – Falun, Sundsvall, Östersund and Härnösand, via Arlanda.
InterCity: Stockholm - Mora, Falun and Östersund/Duved, via Arlanda.
Night Trains: Stockholm - Luleå, Kiruna/Narvik, Åre. Mostly over Märsta.
Regional Trains: Uppsalapendeln. Runs every half-hour between Stockholm - Uppsala. Calls at Märsta.
Commuter Trains: (Södertälje) - Stockholm - Märsta.
Freight trains: To all parts of middle and northern Sweden.
Operating speeds
The two express-tracks north of Stockholm permit running at the Swedish maximum of . The local tracks are limited to . The double-track section between Uppsala and Gävle also permits 200 km/h. North of Gävle, the line consists of single track, mostly with lower speed. Apart from Ljusne-Enånger, around Söderhamn where the old single track was replaced with 40 km new single track in the 1990s with a maximum speed of 200 km/h.
Branch Lines
There are a few branch lines.
Mälaren Line, diverges directly after Stockholm Central.
Arlanda Line is technically a branch, despite it has the most traffic.
Dala Line, the line to Dalarna, diverges directly after Uppsala.
Örbyhus–Hallstavik Line, a freight line which diverges in Örbyhus.
References
East Coast Line Stockholm–Uppsala on Järnväg.net
East Coast Line Uppsala–Gävle on Järnväg.net
East Coast Line Gävle–Sundsvall on Järnväg.net
Railway lines in Sweden
Unreferenced rail transport articles
Västernorrland County
Gävleborg County
Stockholm County
Stockholm (National Area)
Uppsala County
1927 establishments in Sweden
Railway lines opened in 1927
A sociable (short for sociable coach) or barouche-sociable is an open, four-wheeled carriage described as a cross between a barouche and a victoria, having two double seats facing each other. It might be controlled from the interior by an owner-driver or have a box for a coachman. A pair of folding hoods protect the passengers. The carriage is drawn by either a single horse in shafts or a matching pair in pole gear.
The Balmoral Sociable is a carriage of the Royal Mews (so named because its interior is lined with Balmoral tartan); it is still used on occasion.
See also
Barouche
References
External links
Seabrook Coaching Stable Dispersal Auction: Sociable or Double Victoria Carriage Association of America (official site); illustrated.
Sources
Discovering Horse-drawn Vehicles, D. J. Smith, Shire Publications 1994
Carriages
Sherin Shringar (born 5 May 1985), known by her stage name Sherin or Shirin is an Indian actress, who has appeared in Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam and Telugu-language films. After making her debut in Kannada films, her notable films include Thulluvadho Ilamai (2002), and Whistle (2003). In 2019, Sherin participated in Bigg Boss Tamil season 3 and emerged as the 3rd runner-up.
Career
Shringar made her debut as an actress in Kannada films through Dhruva (2002), in which she starred alongside Darshan.
Sherin won critical acclaim and box office success through her debut Tamil film, Kasthuri Raja's coming-of-age drama Thulluvadho Ilamai (2002). Starring opposite Dhanush in his acting debut, the film garnered publicity prior to release for its music by Yuvan Shankar Raja and its adult story written by Selvaraghavan. It subsequently became a commercial success at the box office, effectively launching the careers of Sherin and Dhanush. The actress won the Cinema Express Award for Most Popular Actress for her performance, while she later went on to star in the Telugu remake titled Juniors (2003). Sherin then appeared in supporting roles alongside senior actresses Ramya Krishnan in Jaya (2002) and Simran in Kovilpatti Veeralakshmi (2003), and also garnered attention for her negative role in the horror film Whistle (2003) and her role opposite debutant Sibi Sathyaraj in Student Number 1 (2003). Sherin later moved on to work on Telugu and Malayalam films, appearing in Krishna Vamsi's thriller drama Danger (2005).
In the late 2000s, Sherin's offers as a leading actress began to decrease, and several films she had starred in were subsequently delayed or shelved. A return to Kannada films with Bhoopathi and the Tamil action drama Urchagam (2007), both fared badly at the box office. A six-film contract with SPR Productions did not materialise as expected, while Cash and Maya with Shaam and the S. J. Surya-starrer Vil were dropped midway through production. She notably appeared in an item song in Linguswamy's Bheema (2008) alongside Vikram. Other films including the Kannada film Sihigali and the Tamil film Poova Thalaiya, had delayed low-key releases in 2010. Sherin subsequently chose to take a career sabbatical in the late 2000s, and briefly took up a course in Art and Culture in Sydney.
She made a return to Kannada films through Om Prakash Rao's AK 56 (2012) alongside Siddhanth, which garnered a good commercial response. Her next release, the comedy drama Nanbenda (2015), saw her appear in a supporting role, where she was paired opposite comedian Santhanam. In 2019, she took part as a contestant in the Tamil reality television show, Bigg Boss Tamil 3.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Living people
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Kannada cinema
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
21st-century Indian actresses
Indian film actresses
Actresses from Bangalore
Female models from Bangalore
Bigg Boss (Tamil TV series) contestants
1985 births
Kachpurites is the uppermost Jurassic (Tithonian) ammonite included in the perisphincacean family, Craspeditidae; although some classifiers put the Craspeditidae a subfamily in the Polyptychitidae. The shell of Kachpurites is subinvolute with a rounded section and bears low, close spaced, moderately sinuous ribs.
Kachpurites is characteristic of the lower part of the upper Volgan substage in the Russian Platform.
References
Kachpurites in jsdammonites
Introductory discussion by V.V. Mita (2010)
Arkell,et al, 1957. Mesozoic Ammonoidea. Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part L. Geological Soc of America and Univ. Kansas Press.
Ammonitida
Jurassic ammonites
Fossils of Russia
Tithonian life
The 2011 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships were held at Hayward Field in Eugene, Oregon. Organised by USA Track and Field, the four-day competition took place from June 23–26 and served as the national championships in track and field for the United States. The results determined qualification for the American team at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, to be held in Daegu.
The competition was broadcast on television by three networks: ESPN2, Universal Sports and NBC.
Medal summary
Men track events
Men field events
Women track events
Women field events
References
Results
2011 USA Outdoor Championships June 23. Flash Results. Retrieved on 2011-11-13.
Day reports
Lee, Kirby (2011-06-24). Carter prevails in epic women's Shot Put battle in Eugene – USA champs, Day 1. IAAF. Retrieved on 2011-06-24.
External links
Official webpage at USATF
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
USA Outdoors
Track, Outdoor
2011 in sports in Oregon
Track and field in Oregon
Stegea clarkei is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Colombia.
References
Moths described in 1964
Glaphyriinae
Laura Nicholls González (born 26 February 1989) is a Spanish basketball player who plays for Casademont Zaragoza of La Liga Feminina. She is a regular member of the Spain women's national basketball team since 2008, having won eight medals in final tournaments.
Club career
She started playing as a child in Cantabria before moving to Catalonia as a junior in 2004 to play at Segle XXI, a club which works in lower division developing young prospects. Her first club in the top tier of the Spanish League was Celta Vigourbán in 2007, at 18 years of age. For good performance in the season she received her first call-up with the Spanish senior team for the 2008 Olympics in Beijing. The following year she transferred to Hondarribia-Irún for one just season before signing with Rivas Ecópoolis, where she played from 2010–11 to 2013–14, winning one Spanish League in 2014 and two Spanish Cups in 2011 and 2013, and playing for four seasons in the EuroLeague Women, reaching the final in the 2011–12 EuroLeague edition.
She played the next three seasons in three different countries: Kayseri Kaski S.K. from Turkey, Wisła Kraków from Poland (winning the Polish League) and Virtus Eirene Ragusa from Italy. She went back to Spain to play for CB Perfumerías Avenida in 2017. She signed for Russian team Nadezhda Orenburg for the 2018-19 season, winning the 2018-19 EuroCup Women. In 2019, she signed for Turkish team Fenerbahçe Öznur Kablo. In 2020, she signed with Casademont Zaragoza of La Liga Feminina.
European cups statistics
National team
In the Spanish youth teams since she was 15, she won medals in tournaments of all age groups (U-16, U-18, U-20).
She made her debut with the Spanish senior team at 19, and has been in all tournaments that the team has played. She is one of the most capped players with a total of 157 caps and 4.9 PPG. She participated in two Olympic Games, two World Championships and in six European Championships:
2004 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship (youth)
2005 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship (youth)
2006 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship (youth)
2007 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship (youth)
4th 2007 FIBA Under-19 World Championship (youth)
2009 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship (youth)
5th 2008 Summer Olympics
2009 Eurobasket
2010 World Championship
9th 2011 Eurobasket
2013 Eurobasket
2014 World Championship
2015 Eurobasket
2016 Summer Olympics
2017 Eurobasket
2018 World Championship
2019 Eurobasket
Personal life
Nicholls is of Curaçaoan descent through her paternal grandfather.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Abdullah Gül Üniversitesi basketball players
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Cantabria
Fenerbahçe women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Spain
Spanish women's basketball players
Spanish women's 3x3 basketball players
Sportspeople from Santander, Spain
Spanish expatriate basketball people in Italy
Spanish expatriate basketball people in Turkey
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Spain
Olympic medalists in basketball
Power forwards (basketball)
Centers (basketball)
Spanish expatriate basketball people in Poland
Spanish people of Curaçao descent
Lesbian sportswomen
LGBT basketball players
LGBT sportspeople from Spain
Netrodera is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Netrodera formicaria (Erichson, 1843)
Netrodera malangana Strohmeyer, 1928
Netrodera vethi (Bates, 1889)
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Lerie Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 15 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Lerie Ward
Colleges
KROS College
Schools
St. Mary's Cathedral Higher Secondary School
The Vineyard School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 15
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Agupta is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least four described species in Agupta, found in Malaysia.
Species
These four species belong to the genus Agupta:
Agupta danyi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault, 2018
Agupta jeanphilippei Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault, 2018
Agupta raymondi Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault, 2018
Agupta solangeae Fernandez-Triana & Boudreault, 2018
References
Microgastrinae
FC Sunkar () was a Kazakhstani football club based in Kaskelen.
History
The club was formed in 2004 as Karasai Sarbazdary, before changing its name to Sunkar in 2009. In January 2015, Sunkar folded.
Domestic history
Honours
Kazakhstan First Division (1): 2011
References
External links
The team's squad in 2010
Association football clubs established in 2009
Defunct football clubs in Kazakhstan
2009 establishments in Kazakhstan
Fyrisån (, "the Fyris river") is a river in the Swedish province of Uppland, which passes through the city of Uppsala and ends in Lake Mälaren.
The "Sala" river in Uppland was changed in the 17th century in memory of the Fyrisvellir battle, mentioned in the Icelandic sagas, as it was the belief that the marshy plains called "Föret" was the site of the famous Battle of Fýrisvellir in the late 10th century.
Boats can sail up the river from Lake Mälaren all the way to central Uppsala where two weirs make further progress impossible. In the summer of 2007 the construction of a fish ladder was started, in order to make it possible for the asp, an endangered and potamodromous fish, to pass the weirs and reach its spawning waters. On the last day of April every year, during The Uppsala River Rafting Event, students attempt to navigate the weirs on homemade rafts with predictable results.
References
Uppland
Rivers of Uppsala County
Norrström basin
Michelucci is an Italian surname, derived from the given name Michele. Notable people with the surname include:
Giovanni Michelucci (1891–1990), Italian architect, urban planner, and designer
Roberto Michelucci (1922–2010), Italian classical violinist
Italian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
A carousel is an amusement ride.
Carousel or carrousel may also refer to:
Arts, entertainment, and media
Stage productions
Carousel (ballet) or Carousel (A Dance), a ballet by Christopher Wheeldon
Carousel (musical), a 1945 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical
Carousel (comics), a multimedia comics slide show by Robert Sikoryak
Films
Carousel (1923 film), a Swedish film by Dimitri Buchowetzki
Carousel (1937 film), a German film starring Marika Röck
Carousel (film), a 1956 film by Henry King adapted from the 1945 Rodgers and Hammerstein stage musical
Carousel (1967 film), a made-for-television film adapted from the 1945 Rodgers and Hammerstein stage musical
Music
Groups
Carousel (band), represented Latvia at Eurovision 2019
Carrousel (band), a French-Swiss band that tried to represent Switzerland at Eurovision 2013
Albums
Carousel (Leila K album) (1993)
Carousel (Will Hoge album) (2001)
Carousel (Wizex album) (1978)
Carousel (Marcia Griffiths album), 1990
Carousel, a 1996 album by Subcircus
Carrousel (album), a 1988 album by Enanitos Verdes
Songs
"Carousel" (Blink-182 song) (1994)
"Carousel" (Linkin Park song) (1999)
"Carousel" (Melanie Martinez song) (2014)
"Carousel" (Vanessa Carlton song) (2011)
"Carousel" or "La valse à mille temps", by Jacques Brel
"Carousel", by Michael Jackson from the Thriller 2001 special edition album
"Carousel", by Vibe Tribe from Wise Cracks
"Carousel", by Travis Scott from Astroworld
"Carousel", by Flobots from Noenemies
"Carousel", by Iron & Wine from The Shepherd's Dog
Television
Carousel (TV channel), a Russian television channel
"Carousel", an episode of the television series Teletubbies
Other arts, entertainment, and media
Carousel (advertisement), a 2009 advertisement for Philips LCD televisions
Carrousel (booklet), three short texts written by Vladimir Nabokov
Carrousel, a fictional ritual in Logan's Run
Carousel (Sea World), a ride at Nickelodeon Land, Gold Coast, Australia
Technology
Baggage carousel, a device for delivering passengers' luggage
Carousel slide projector, a slideshow projector with a rotary tray
Data and object carousel, a round-robin broadcast transmission scheme
Other uses
Caracciola Karussell or The Carousel, a banked corner section of the Nürburgring race track
Carousel (charity), a learning disability led arts organization
Carousel Buses, a bus company in High Wycombe, England
Carousel Mall, a shopping mall in San Bernardino, California
Carousel Shopping Center, a shopping mall in Istanbul, Turkey
Maki Carrousel (born 1942), Japanese actor
Westfield Carousel, a shopping centre in Cannington, Western Australia
Carousel fraud, a type of missing trader fraud
Carousel voting, a method of vote rigging
Rambler Carrousel, a show car by American Motors Corporation
See also
Carousel Theater (disambiguation)
Carousell (disambiguation)
Carrusel, a Mexican telenovela
Carrossel, the Brazilian remake
Carrossel (album), by Skank (2006)
Merry-Go-Round (disambiguation)
Giovanni Orseolo (981-1006/7) was the first Venetian to hold power in Dalmatia, holding the title of Dux Dalmatiae.
History
Giovanni's father Pietro II Orseolo was the Doge of Venice, and his mother was Maria Candiano.
In 1000 he was sent to Constantinople to work out the details of a plan his father and the Byzantine Emperor Basil II had been working on. Under this agreement the Venetians would conquer Dalmatia and then hold it as a protectorate under Byzantine suzerainty.
While in Constantinople he was given a standard to use in his upcoming invasion of Dalmatia by the Bishop of Olivolo. He was successful in establishing Venetian power on the Dalmatian coast.
In 1004 Giovanni married Maria Argyre, who was probably niece of Basil II and relative to the latter's second cousin and future emperor Romanos III Argyros. By this time Giovanni had been advanced to the rank of co-doge of Venice.
In 1006 or 1007 Giovanni, along with his wife and son Basilio, died of plague.
References
Sources
981 births
1006 deaths
10th-century Venetian people
11th-century Venetian people
11th-century deaths from plague (disease)
Giovanni
Waldemar Califf (born 9 November 1936) is a Swedish former sports shooter. He competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1936 births
Living people
Swedish male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Sweden
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
Platyhelluo weiri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Platyhelluo.
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
The 1914–15 PCHA season was the fourth season of the professional men's ice hockey Pacific Coast Hockey Association league. Season play ran from December 8, 1914, until March 9, 1915. The schedule was made for each team to play 18 games, but like the previous three seasons, one game was cancelled. The Vancouver Millionaires club were the PCHA champions. After the season the club faced off against the Ottawa Senators, NHA champions for the Stanley Cup, winning the series and becoming the first west-coast team to win the Cup.
League business
The franchise of the New Westminster Royals was transferred to Portland, Oregon, and renamed the "Rosebuds." The league established a "farm system" called the Boundary Hockey League in the British Columbia towns of Grand Forks, Greenwood and Phoenix.
Rule changes
The league banned body checking within of the boards.
Regular season
Rookie Mickey MacKay led the league with 33 goals, while Cyclone Taylor won the scoring title. The two led the Vancouver Millionaires to the league title, winning 13 of 17 games.
Final standings
Note: W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, GF= Goals For, GA = Goals against
Results
a Cancelled
A game between Vancouver and Victoria was cancelled at the end of the season.
Source: Coleman, p. 271
All-Star games
On March 15 and 17 two All-Star games were played in Portland between the league champions Vancouver Millionaires and a PCHA All-Star aggregation made out of players from the Portland Rosebuds and the Victoria Aristocrats. Vancouver won the first game at the Portland Ice Hippodrome 9 goals to 8, with Cyclone Taylor scoring four times for the winning side, and with Lester Patrick having an impressive five goals and three assists for the losing side, figuring in all of the All-Stars goals.
Vancouver managed to win also the second game by a one-goal margin, defeating the All-Stars 4 goals to 3. Frank Nighbor made a good showing for the winning side with two goals, and for the All-Stars Ran McDonald scored twice.
Playoffs
The champion Vancouver Millionaires hosted the finals against the Ottawa Senators, NHA champions. Vancouver won the series and became the first west-coast team to win the Cup.
Player statistics
Goaltending averages
Scoring leaders
Vancouver Millionaires 1915 Stanley Cup champions
See also
List of pre-NHL seasons
1914–15 NHA season
1914 in sports
1915 in sports
References
Notes
Bibliography
Pacific Coast Hockey Association seasons
PCHA
PCHA
Rebels FC is a British Virgin Islands football club based in Road Town. The club competes in the BVIFA National Football League, the top tier of British Virgin Islands football.
The club was founded in 2009, and play their home matches in the 1,500-capacity, A. O. Shirley Recreation Ground.
References
External links
BVIFA Club Profile
Football clubs in the British Virgin Islands
2009 establishments in the British Virgin Islands
And the Light Swallowed Everything is the third full-length studio album by Seirom, released on May 1, 2014 by Burning World Records.
Reception
José Carlos Santos of Terrorizer lauded the album, describing the music as "hauntingly, harrowingly, luminously beautiful." He concluded by saying, "Do you know when death or near-death experiences are sometimes portrayed in the movies from the perspective of the dying, when there's a huge flash of white light that fills the whole screen? This album is a sort of sonic equivalent to a still frame of that exact moment."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the And the Light Swallowed Everything liner notes.
Maurice de Jong (as Mories) – vocals, instruments, recording, mixing, mastering, cover art
Franscesca Marongiu – vocals (3)
Aaron Martin – cello (6, 8)
Release history
References
External links
And the Light Swallowed Everything at Bandcamp
2014 albums
Seirom albums
Daknisa (; Kaitag: Даӏхънисса; Dargwa: Дяхъниса) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dzhirabachinsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 437 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Daknisa is located 14 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Dzhirabachi and Surgiya are the nearest rural locality.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
"Why" is a hit song recorded by Frankie Avalon in 1959. It reached No. 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart published on the week of December 28, 1959. It was Avalon's second and final No. 1 hit.
The song was covered by Donny Osmond, and this version reached No. 3 on the UK Singles chart.
Background
"Why" was written and produced by Avalon's manager and record producer Robert "Bob" Marcucci and Peter De Angelis. The melody is based on an Italian song. The Avalon version features an uncredited female singer (alleged to be Fran Lori), heard in the repeat of the first four lines of the first part of the song, with Avalon replying, "Yes, I love you". He concludes the last quarter of the song with a coda, by himself.
The song topped the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart published on the week of December 28, 1959 for the week ending January 2, 1960, making it the last No. 1 single of the 1950s, and the first No. 1 single of the 1960s at the same time. It also became the first No. 1 single of the 1960s on the Cashbox magazine charts. Despite the song's success, Avalon could not take full advantage of its success as he was away filming on location in Texas, and his concentration on his acting career detracted from his recording career, and "Why" would become Avalon's 7th and final top 10 hit.
Charts
Donny Osmond version
Donny Osmond recorded "Why" in 1972, and it was released as a single from the album Too Young. It peaked at No. 3 in the United Kingdom. In the U.S., the song reached No. 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 19 on the Easy Listening chart. Osmond's version also reached No. 13 in the New Zealand.
Charts
Other versions
The French cover by Dalida in 1960 became very popular as Bras Dessus Bras Dessous. Instead of being featured on her 1960 album Les enfants du Pirée, it was released only on EP with three more songs that appeared on her following 1961 year album Garde-moi la dernière danse.
Anthony Newley covered the song shortly after Avalon, and his version went to No. 1 on the UK Singles Chart in February 1960.
See also
List of Hot 100 number-one singles of 1959 (U.S.)
List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1960
List of number-one singles from the 1960s (UK)
References
1959 songs
1959 singles
1960 singles
1972 singles
Songs written by Bob Marcucci
Frankie Avalon songs
Donny Osmond songs
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
Song recordings produced by Mike Curb
Chancellor Records singles
Songs written by Peter De Angelis
This list of fossil amphibians described in 2020 is a list of new taxa of fossil amphibians that were described during the year 2020, as well as other significant discoveries and events related to amphibian paleontology that occurred in 2020.
New taxa
Temnospondyli
Allocaudata
Anurans
Caudata
Others
Research
A study on the evolution of terrestrial locomotion in early tetrapods, based on data from 40 three-dimensionally preserved humeri from extinct tetrapodomorphs spanning the fin-to-limb transition, is published by Dickson et al. (2020).
A study aiming to determine the potential significance of tides for the evolution of bony fish and early tetrapods from the Late Silurian to early Late Devonian is published by Byrne et al. (2020).
A fibula of a member of the family Crassigyrinidae (otherwise known from the Viséan) is described from the Tournaisian of Blue Beach (Nova Scotia, Canada) by Lennie, Mansky & Anderson (2020).
A study on the bone histology of Dvinosaurus campbelli is published by Uliakhin, Skutschas & Saburov (2020).
A study evaluating the effects of ontogenetic disparity of known trematopid specimens on reconstructions of the phylogenetic relationships of trematopids is published by Gee (2020).
Redescription of Actiobates peabodyi, including an updated description of the skull and the first description of the postcranial skeleton, is published by Gee & Reisz (2020).
A study on the suture pattern in the skull and on the mandible anatomy of Cacops aspidephorus is published by Anderson, Scott & Reisz (2020).
New amphibamiform specimen with exceptionally preserved lissamphibian-like integumentary structures, including the first evidence of toepad structures in a temnospondyl body fossil, is described from the Mazon Creek fossil beds by Mann & Gee (2020).
Description of the anatomy of the skull of Pasawioops mayi, and a study on the ontogeny of this taxon, is published by Atkins et al. (2020).
A study on growth patterns in Doleserpeton annectens, as indicated by bone histology, is published by Gee, Haridy & Reisz (2020).
A study on a specimen of Benthosuchus korobkovi from the Olenekian of Russia affected by a neoplastic bone lesion in its jaw, representing the earliest case of such lesion in a tetrapod reported so far, is published by Novikov et al. (2020), who propose a non-odontogenic osteoma as the most likely diagnosis.
Redescription and a study on the phylogenetic relationships of Aphaneramma kokeni is published by Maisch (2020), who considers A. kokeni to be a valid taxon.
A study on the impact of local climatic and environmental conditions on growth patterns of the skeleton of Panthasaurus maleriensis is published by Teschner et al. (2020).
Evidence of the presence of five metacarpals in a specimen of Metoposaurus krasiejowensis from the Upper Triassic of Poland is presented by Konietzko‐Meier et al. (2020), who interpret this finding as evidence of pentadactyly of the manus of M. krasiejowensis, showing that the presence of a five-digit manus among Temnospondyli was possible.
New fossil material of albanerpetontids is described from the lower Campanian Aguja Formation (Texas, United States) by Wick (2020), who interprets this finding as indicating that albanerpetontids were locally abundant there and also widespread throughout much of the Western Interior of North America by early Campanian time.
A review of the caecilian fossil record is published by Santos, Laurin & Zaher (2020).
New specimen of Triassurus sixtelae is described from the Triassic of Kyrgyzstan by Schoch, Werneburg & Voigt (2020), who identify this species as the oldest known stem-group salamander.
A study on the skeletal anatomy and phylogenetic relationships of Chunerpeton tianyiense is published by Rong et al. (2020).
A study on the diversity of skull shape in extant and fossil ribbed and crocodile newts, the relationship between their skull shape and ecological and reproductive traits, and its implications for the knowledge of the ecology of Chelotriton, is published by Pogoda et al. (2020).
New pipimorph fossil material, providing new information on the morphological diversity among the earliest pipimorphs in South America, is described from the Aptian Crato Formation (Brazil) by Báez, Muzzopappa & Moura (2020), who also redescribe Cratopipa novaolindensis.
Right ilium and a skull bone of a frog belonging to the genus Calyptocephalella are reported from the Eocene (Bartonian) La Meseta Formation (Antarctica) by Mörs, Reguero & Vasilyan (2020), representing the first record of a lissamphibian in Antarctica reported so far.
Partial humerus of a member of the genus Eleutherodactylus is described from the Oligocene San Sebastian Formation (Puerto Rico) by Blackburn et al. (2020), representing the earliest fossil frog from any Caribbean island reported so far.
Redescription of the anatomy and a study on the phylogenetic relationships of Eldeceeon rolfei is published by Ruta, Clack & Smithson (2020).
A study on the long bone histology, growth rate and the timing of the attainment of sexual maturity in seymouriamorphs is published by Jordi Estefa et al. (2020).
A study on the anatomy of the braincase and otic capsule of Seymouria is published by Bazzana et al. (2020).
Description of new postcranial material of Seymouria from the Richards Spur locality (Oklahoma, United States), and a study on bone histology, life histories and evolution of terrestriality of seymouriamorphs, is published by Bazzana et al. (2020).
A study on the anatomy of the skull of Euryodus dalyae, providing new information on the anatomy of the braincase and mandible, is published by Gee, Bevitt & Reisz (2020).
Description of the anatomy of the braincase and stapes of Diadectes absitus is published by Klembara et al. (2020).
References
2020 in paleontology
2020 in science
Luke Paul Matlatarea (born in 1938 in Malmal) was a Papua New Guinean clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bereina. He was appointed bishop in 1988. He died in 1998.
References
1938 births
1999 deaths
Papua New Guinean Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Bereina
Hybridoneura picta is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas, New Guinea and Queensland, as well as on Borneo, Rotuma Island, New Caledonia and Samoa.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. The forewings are indigo-blackish and the hindwings are ochreous yellow-brown.
References
Moths described in 1901
Eupitheciini
Lo Weng Hou () is a Macau footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Club career
Lo currently plays at MFA Development.
International career
Lo was included in the squad where they won the runners-up in the 2016 AFC Solidarity Cup in Malaysia.
Honours
International
Macau
2016 AFC Solidarity Cup: 2016 runners-up
References
1996 births
Living people
Macau footballers
Macau international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
HMS Pembroke Castle was a built for the British Royal Navy during the Second World War. Before completion, the ship was transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy and renamed HMCS Tillsonburg. Tillsonburg saw service as a convoy escort during the Second World War in the Battle of the Atlantic. Following the war, the corvette was converted for merchant use and sold to Chinese interests. The ship was renamed Ta Ting in 1946, Chiu Chin in 1947 before being taken over the Nationalist Chinese government in 1951, rearmed and renamed Kao An. The ship remained in service with the Republic of China Navy until being discarded in 1963.
Design and description
The Castle class were an improved corvette design over their predecessor . The Flower class was not considered acceptable for mid-Atlantic sailing and was only used on Atlantic convoy duty out of need. Though the Admiralty would have preferred s, the inability of many small shipyards to construct the larger ships required them to come up with a smaller vessel. The increased length of the Castle class over their predecessors and their improved hull form gave the Castles better speed and performance on patrol in the North Atlantic and an acceptable replacement for the Flowers. This, coupled with improved anti-submarine armament in the form of the Squid mortar led to a much more capable anti-submarine warfare (ASW) vessel. However, the design did have criticisms, mainly in the way it handled at low speeds and that the class's maximum speed was already slower than the speeds of the new U-boats they would be facing.
A Castle-class corvette was long with a beam of and a draught of at deep load. The ships displaced standard and deep load. The ships had a complement of 120.
The ships were powered by two Admiralty three-drum boilers which created . This powered one vertical triple expansion engine that drove one shaft, giving the ships a maximum speed of . The ships carried 480 tons of oil giving them a range of at .
The corvettes were armed with one QF 4-inch Mk XIX gun mounted forward. Anti-air armament varied from 4 to 10 Oerlikon 20 mm cannons. For ASW purposes, the ships were equipped with one three-barreled Squid anti-submarine mortar with 81 projectiles. The ships also had two depth charge throwers and one depth charge rail on the stern that came with 15 depth charges.
The ships were equipped with Type 145 and Type 147B ASDIC. The Type 147B was tied to the Squid anti-submarine mortar and would automatically set the depth on the fuses of the projectiles until the moment of firing. A single Squid-launched attack had a success rate of 25%. The class was also provided with HF/DF and Type 277 radar.
Service history
Pembroke Castle, named after the castle in Wales, was laid down on 3 June 1943 by Ferguson Brothers Ltd., at Port Glasgow. At some point in 1943, the ship was transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy was launched on 12 February 1944. The corvette, now renamed Tillsonburg for the town in southern Ontario, was commissioned on 29 June 1944 with the pennant number K496.
Following workups at Stornoway, Tillsonburg joined the Mid-Ocean Escort Force as a convoy escort assigned to group C-3. The corvette remained in this role for the remainder of the war, making her final crossing of the war in mid-June 1945. Upon her return to Canada, Tillsonburg was based at St. John's, Sydney and Halifax, Nova Scotia for brief periods before being paid off at Halifax on 15 February 1946.
On 5 September 1946, the ship was sold to Chinese interests and renamed Ta Ching. The ship was converted to a merchant vessel with a gross register tonnage of 1,387 tons. In 1947, the ship was renamed Chiu Chin before being taken over the Nationalist Chinese government on 1 June 1951 and renamed Kao An. The ship was rearmed with one gun, one gun and two twin mounted 40 mm cannons. Kao An was discarded in 1963.
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
Ships of the Royal Canadian Navy
1944 ships
Ships built on the River Clyde
Castle-class corvettes
Hettie Jones (née Cohen; born in 1934) is an American poet. She has written twenty-three books that include a memoir of the Beat Generation, three volumes of poetry, and publications for children and young adults, including The Trees Stand Shining and Big Star Fallin' Mama: Five Women in Black Music.
Early life
Hettie Jones was born Hettie Cohen on June 15, 1934 in Brooklyn, New York, to a Jewish family. She entered Mary Washington College in Virginia in 1952. She had not traveled far from her home until college, and had not experienced anti-semitism up until that time: "The roommates didn't want to live with me because I was a Jew."
Career
After graduating from college and returning to New York, Jones married LeRoi Jones (later known as Amiri Baraka), an African-American writer. Her family initially disowned her for marrying a black man, but her husband's family was welcoming. Despite living in the diverse Lower East Side of Manhattan, they were sometimes harassed in public for being an interracial couple.
In 1957, the couple founded the literary magazine Yugen, and launched the publication house Totem Press. They published early works by Beat generation figures Allen Ginsberg, Jack Kerouac, Frank O'Hara, Joel Oppenheimer, and Charles Olson, all of whom they'd befriended as well.
By 1964, LeRoi had become active in the Black Arts movement and their marriage was deteriorating. While still married to Hettie, he fathered a daughter, Dominique di Prima, with poet Diane DiPrima. LeRoi divorced Hettie and moved to Harlem. She continued writing, editing, and teaching.
Jones published her memoir, How I Became Hettie Jones, in 1990. She detailed the experiences of growing up among a Jewish family and community, being part of the Beat Generation, her early writing, and the social difficulties of being in an interracial marriage and raising biracial children.
In 1999, Jones won the Poetry Society of America's Norma Farber First Book Award for her first volume of poetry titled Drive (1998, Hanging Loose Press). According to Booklist, the publication of Drive is what established Jones as a “potent and fearless poet.” Jones also published two additional volumes of poetry titled All Told (2003) and Doing 70 (2007), both of which are available in print from Hanging Loose Press. Jones' poetry focuses on topics related to everyday life, “whether presenting New York scenes with delightfully quirky insight, offering biting but brief political commentary, or lightly cloaking compact observations on the state of the world in simple words with sharp wit” (Booklist). Her poems are written in a self-narrative style that often display hope and positivity. She also explores themes of transportation and transformation that result in reflection and internal meditation. These themes are especially specific to the poems found in Drive and Doing 70.
Jones is a longtime editor and has taught poetry, fiction, and memoir at many universities, including Penn State University, NYU, the 92nd Street Y, University of Wyoming, and Parsons School of Design. Jones is a former chair of the PEN Prison Writing Committee, and from 1989 to 2002 she ran a writing workshop at the New York State Correctional Facility for Women at Bedford Hills, which included inmate Judy Clark as a student. This workshop hailed as inspiration for Jones' nationally distributed collection, Aliens At The Border. Jones also co-authored a memoir for Rita Marley, widow of Bob Marley.
More recently, Jones has received grants to begin a writing program on Manhattan's Lower East Side at the Lower East Side Girls Club Center for Community. Her book, Love, H, a selection from 40 years of correspondence with the sculptor Helene Dorn, was published by Duke University Press in October 2016.
Personal life
Jones has two daughters from her marriage to LeRoi Jones: Kellie Jones (born 1959) and Lisa Jones Brown (born 1961). They are educators and writers.
Jones still resides in the same East Village apartment at 27 Cooper Square that she and LeRoi moved into in 1962. She successfully spearheaded a campaign in 2005 to save her apartment building when it was to be demolished to build a hotel.
She continues to teach and write.
Works
How I became Hettie Jones: A Memoir
Drive
Big Star Fallin' Mama -- Five Women in Black Music
No Woman No Cry
All Told
Doing 70
References
External links
Hettie Jones Website
New School MFA in Creative Writing
How I Became Hettie Jones
Hettie Jones - Grove Atlantic
Hettie Jones - Academy of American Poets
Hettie Jones - Goddard College
Interview with Hettie Jones by Stephen McKiernan, Binghamton University Libraries Center for the Study of the 1960s, July 6, 2009
Finding aid to Hettie Jones papers at Columbia University. Rare Book & Manuscript Library.
1934 births
Living people
Beat Generation poets
Jewish American writers
Jewish pacifists
People from Greenwich Village
20th-century American poets
American women poets
20th-century American memoirists
20th-century American women writers
American women memoirists
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
Moominvalley is the soundtrack to the animated family drama series Moominvalley. In September 2018, it was announced that Gutsy Animations made a deal with Sony Music to have the label's artists contribute original songs for each episode. The track listing for the soundtrack was revealed on 25 January 2019. Danish singer Mø sings the theme song "I'm Far Away" for the series. The series includes tracks from artists such as Tom Odell, First Aid Kit, and Alma. The theme song and "Starlight" by Alma were released from the soundtrack on February 22, 2019. "Summer Day" by Tom Odell was released on April 5, 2019. The soundtrack was released on April 19, 2019 through Columbia Records.
Track listing
Charts
References
2019 soundtrack albums
Television animation soundtracks
Columbia Records soundtracks
Moomin television series
Papanteles is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least two described species in Papanteles, found in the Neotropics.
Species
These two species belong to the genus Papanteles:
Papanteles peckorum Mason, 1981
Papanteles virbius (Nixon, 1965)
References
Microgastrinae
Christopher Allan Bansil Ellis (born December 5, 1988) is a Filipino-American professional basketball player who last played for Barangay Ginebra San Miguel of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). He was selected 6th overall in the 2012 PBA draft by Barangay Ginebra San Miguel. He is of Filipino descent.
Ellis won the 2013 PBA All-Star Weekend Slamdunk Competition during his rookie season in Digos, Davao del Sur.
Ellis was traded to the Blackwater Elite in August 2017 along with Dave Marcelo, in exchange for Art dela Cruz and Raymond Aguilar. But he had not played for his new team, initially after he was diagnosed with acute renal disease or a kidney issue. In 2019, after his full recovery, Chris is currently playing for Luang Prabang Basketball Team at Thailand Basketball Super League.
PBA career statistics
As of the end of 2017 Season
Season-by-season averages
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barangay Ginebra
| 52 || 26.3 || .449 || .280 || .531 || 4.6 || 1.4 || .7 || .4 || 8.1
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barangay Ginebra
| 43 || 21.9 || .443 || .286 || .688 || 3.8 || 1.2 || .7 || .2 || 7.5
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barangay Ginebra
| 22 || 13.9 || .422 || .222 || .577 || 2.0 || .9 || .3 || .1 || 4.0
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barangay Ginebra
| 32 || 21.1 || .407 || .224 || .636 || 3.8 || 1.3 || .5 || .3 || 5.8
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barangay Ginebra
| 45 || 14.9 || .467 || .351 || .707 || 2.5 || 1.2 || .6 || .3 || 5.0
|-class=sortbottom
| colspan=2 align=center | Career
| 194 || 20.4 || .442 || .275 || .62 7|| 3.5 || 1.2 || .6 || .3 || 6.4
References
1988 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
American sportspeople of Filipino descent
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel players
Basketball players from California
Mary Hardin–Baylor Crusaders men's basketball players
People from Oceanside, California
Philippine Basketball Association All-Stars
Philippines men's national basketball team players
Filipino men's basketball players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games medalists in basketball
University of Mary Hardin–Baylor alumni
American expatriate basketball people in Thailand
Filipino expatriate basketball people in Thailand
Competitors at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel draft picks
Citizens of the Philippines through descent
The Global Anabaptist Mennonite Encyclopedia Online (GAMEO) is an online encyclopedia of topics relating to Mennonites and Anabaptism. The mission of the project is to provide free, reliable, English-language information on Anabaptist-related topics.
GAMEO was started in 1996 as the Canadian Mennonite Encyclopedia Online by the Mennonite Historical Society of Canada. In 2005 the project was renamed to its current title and the scope expanded with the additional partnership of the Mennonite Brethren Historical Commission and the Mennonite Church USA Archives. The collaboration has since further expanded, with the addition of the Mennonite Central Committee in 2006, the Mennonite World Conference in January 2007, and the Institute for the Study of Global Anabaptism in 2011.
Starting as a database of Anabaptist groups in Canada, GAMEO secured rights to copy and update the Mennonite Encyclopedia published by Herald Press in the 1950s and 1990. A project goal was to have the entire contents of the Mennonite Encyclopedia, including the supplement volume published in 1990, available on the web. This was accomplished by February 2009, at which time the encyclopedia contained more than 14,000 articles. Articles are either adapted from other scholarly works or assigned to knowledgeable authors and then undergo editorial review before publication to the website.
Sam Steiner of Waterloo, Ontario served as managing editor from the encyclopedia's inception until 2012. Richard D. Thiessen of Abbotsford, British Columbia was managing editor from 2012 to May 2017. John D. Roth of Goshen College, Goshen, Indiana was appointed General Editor in May, 2017.
See also
Mennonite Historical Library
References
External links
Internet properties established in 1996
Anabaptism
Mennonitism
Christian encyclopedias
Online encyclopedias
1996 establishments in Canada
20th-century encyclopedias
21st-century encyclopedias
American online encyclopedias
In September 2021, an average of 47,916 people slept in New York City's homeless shelters each night. This included 18,236 single adults, 14,946 children, and 14,734 adults in families. The total number peaked in November 2018, with 63,636 people sleeping in homeless shelters. Since March 2020, the number of people sleeping in shelters has declined significantly, likely an effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. The city reported that in 2019, 3,600 individuals experienced unsheltered homelessness (sleeping in public spaces such as streets and public transit rather than shelters).
The Coalition for the Homeless, a New York-based non-profit organization, reports that 30% of single adults entering the shelter system each year enter directly from institutional settings. In 2018 6,100 adults entered from institutional settings, including: 3,466 from prison, 1,294 from non-hospital facilities (i.e. nursing homes), 760 from psychiatric hospitals, and 580 discharged from Rikers Island. In 2019, 59% of Single Adults in shelters were Black, 27% were Hispanic, 10% were White (non-Hispanic), 4% Unknown/other, and 0.4% Asian/Pacific Islander. Black people are disproportionately homeless, making up only 29% of NYC residents (35% difference). Whites are underrepresented, making up 32% of NYC residents (22% difference).
History
In 1979, a New York City lawyer, Robert Hayes, brought a class action suit before the courts, Callahan v. Carey, against the City and State, arguing for a person's state constitutional "right to shelter". It was settled as a consent decree in August 1981. The City and State agreed to provide board and shelter to all homeless men who met the need standard for welfare or who were homeless by certain other standards. By 1983 this right was extended to homeless women.
On March 18, 2013, the New York City Department of Homeless Services reported that the sheltered homeless population consisted of:
27,844 adults
20,627 children
48,471 total individuals
According to the Coalition for the Homeless, the homeless population of New York rose to an all-time high in 2011. A reported 113,552 people slept in the city's emergency shelters last year, including over 40,000 children; marking an 8 percent increase from the previous year and a 37 percent increase from 2002. There was also a rise in the number of families relying on shelters, approximately 29,000. That is an increase of 80% from 2002. About half of the people who slept in shelter in 2010 returned for housing in 2011.
In 2004, New York's Department of Homeless Services (DHS) created HomeBase, a network of neighborhood-based services, to help tenants in housing crisis to remain in their communities and avoid entering shelter. Tenants can visit HomeBase locations within their neighborhoods to receive services to prevent eviction, assistance obtaining public benefits, emergency rental assistance and more. Brooklyn nonprofit CAMBA, Inc operates several HomeBase locations as well as an outfitted "You Can Van," which uses data on pending evictions to travel throughout the borough and offer help.
According to DHS, 64 percent of those applying for emergency shelter in 2010 were denied. Several were denied because they were said to have family who could house them when in actuality this might not have been the case. Applicants may have faced overcrowding, unsafe conditions, or may have had relatives unwilling to house them. According to Mary Brosnaham, spokeswoman for Coalition for the Homeless, the administration of Mayor Michael Bloomberg employs a deliberate policy of "active deterrence".
According to the Bowery Mission, "In most cases, multiple factors are involved [in homelessness]. Common ones include: mental illness, substance abuse, untreated medical issues, traumatic events, violence and abuse, lack of affordable housing and difficulty sustaining employment."
The New York City Housing Authority is experiencing record demand for subsidized housing assistance. However, just 13,000 of the 29,000 families who applied were admitted into the public housing system or received federal housing vouchers known as Section 8 in 2010. Due to budget cuts there have been no new applicants accepted to receive Section 8.
In March 2010, there were protests about the Governor's proposed cut of $65 million in annual funding to the homeless adult services system. The Bloomberg administration announced an immediate halt to the Advantage program, threatening to cast 15,000 families back into the shelters or onto the streets. A court has delayed the cut until May 2011 because there was doubt over the legality of cancelling the city's commitment. However, the Advantage program itself was consciously advanced by the Bloomberg administration as an alternative to providing long-term affordable housing opportunities for the poor and working class. The result, as the Coalition for the Homeless report points out, is that "Thousands of formerly-homeless children and families have been forced back into homelessness, In addition, Mayor Bloomberg proposed $37 million in cuts to the city's budget for homeless services this year."
In 2018, DHS's budget was $2.15 billion. It fluctuated over the next few years, with 2021's proposed budget being slightly lower at $2.13 billion.
HOME-STAT
In 2015, Bill deBlasio introduced HOME-STAT (Homeless Outreach & Mobile Engagement Street Action Teams). HOME-STAT is a city-wide case management system which compiles information on unsheltered homelessness from 311 calls and street canvassing teams. Outreach teams include staff from different agencies including the Department of Homeless Services, the NYPD, and other social service agencies. The core tenants of HOME-STAT are: proactive canvassing from Canal Street to 145th Street to identify "hotspots of persistent homelessness presence," immediate response to 311 calls by expanding the number of city street outreach staff and NYPD officers assigned to the Homeless Outreach Unit, and the creation of a city-wide case management system that facilitates "continuous monitoring and outreach" and "rapid response to individual problems." Under HOME-STAT, the city has created a by-name list of individuals known to outreach teams, confirmed to be experiencing homelessness, and currently engaged by outreach teams.
The city encourages New Yorkers to call 311 when they see individuals they believe to be homeless, and call 911 if the individual seems to be a risk to themselves or others. This relies on the individual perceptions of New Yorkers on who they assume to be homeless and creates a division between New Yorkers with reliable shelter and those without, encouraging people to use the city as an intermediary. The city labels homeless individuals who avoid the city's shelters as "service resistant." In 2019, Coalition for the Homeless reported that the city's shelters struggle with 3 main issues including: "large-scale capital needs, routine cleaning and maintenance, and dehumanizing treatment by shelter staff." Coalition for the Homeless explains that these conditions create an unsafe, degrading and dehumanizing environment for those who stay in shelters.
Crimes relating to begging in New York
The administration of laws and regulations relating to begging in the state of New York is largely performed by each of the 62 cities of the state. Many of the state of New York's largest cities have introduced laws in the last decade prohibiting 'aggressive begging' in some form. The 1993 Loper case was a challenge to the statewide law in the New York Penal Code §240.35(1) which made it an offence to loiter in a public place for the purpose of begging. New York City Police Department rarely issued fines under this law, but used it to 'move on' beggars. In Loper, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals found begging in this case to be a First Amendment right, but still legal to ban in subways. A similar judgement was made in International Society for Krishna Consciousness, Inc. v. Lee in regard to New York City's airports, which found it reasonable to ban such activities in airports. However, the law still technically remained in force in the rest of New York state until it was repealed in 2010. This caused some people in New York state to be charged under that section of the law after Loper, but before it was repealed. Civil liberties groups have campaigned against the more targeted aggressive begging laws, however, they have been found to comply with the First Amendment. In 2010, New York City's current aggressive begging laws also withstood challenge in People v. Stroman.
References
Housing in New York (state)
New York (state)
Ciudad Acuña International Airport (, ) is an airport serving Ciudad Acuña, a city in the Coahuila state in México.
References
External links
Airports in Coahuila
Litchfield railway station, on the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway, served the small village of Litchfield, Hampshire, England. The station received relatively little traffic (only 20 passengers a week during the 1920s).
Station layout
The station was originally built with two platforms and a passing loop in the same style as other stations on the route. However, low traffic resulted in the removal of the loop in 1936, only for a longer loop and the platform to be reinstated in 1943 to deal with wartime traffic. This was then removed again in 1955, only five years before the station's closure. There was a small siding and headshunt on the northbound line but goods traffic at the station was light.
The site today
The station is a private house, not owned by C.A.H Wills who owns Litchfield farms estate and lives in the village. The station was sold by Hampshire County Council in 1978 and has been restored. The approach road is now a private drive to the property. In 1976 the Litchfield - Whitchurch bypass was opened and made use of the DN&SR trackbed south of Litchfield towards Whitchurch for a distance of one mile.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1885
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1942
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1943
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1960
The East Timor–Indonesia border is the international border between East Timor and Indonesia. The border consists of two non-contiguous sections totalling 253 km (157 m) in length, the larger section of which divides the island of Timor in two.
Description
Western (Oecusse) section
The Municipality of Oecusse forms an exclave of East Timor in Indonesian West Timor (part of East Nusa Tenggara province). The border starts in the west at the coast of the Savu Sea, proceeding overland to the south to the Noel Besi River, which it then follows south, then east, then south. The border then turns east overland briefly, before turning to the north, utilising various rivers such as the Ekan, Sonau and Bilomi, before proceeding northwards overland to the Savu coast.
Eastern section
The border between Indonesia and the main part of East Timor starts in the north at the Savu Sea coast, and proceeds south and then east via the Talu river. It then turns south along the Malibacu river, and then west along the Tafara river, then south along the Massin river down to the coast at the Timor Sea.
History
The division of the island of Timor dates to the colonial period. During the 15th–16th centuries both the Netherlands and Portugal began taking an interest in the Spice Islands of modern Indonesia. In the 17th century the Dutch occupied the western half of the island as part of its Dutch East Indies colony. In 1702 Portugal occupied eastern Timor and declared the creation of Portuguese Timor. On 20 April 1859 a treaty was signed (ratified 1860) which formally divided the island between the Netherlands and Portugal, with a border based on existing Timorese states which were assigned to either Portugal or the Netherlands. An additional treaty was then signed 10 June 1893 (ratified 1894) by which a more exact boundary was to be determined, with a joint commission starting work in 1898. However, there were numerous areas of the boundary which the two sides were unable to come to agreement on, prompting a further conference held at The Hague in 1902. A treaty was subsequently signed on 1 October 1904 (ratified 1908) which created the modern boundary, removing a number of enclaves whilst leaving the exclave of Oecusse as part of Portuguese Timor. However, whilst demarcating the boundary on the ground in 1909, the two sides were unable to agree to the alignment of the eastern section of the Oecusse boundary. The dispute was submitted to the Permanent Court of Arbitration in 1913, which decided on the matter in favour of the Netherlands on 26 June 1914. In 1915 various overland sections of the boundary were demarcated on the ground by erecting boundary posts.
The Dutch East Indies gained independence as Indonesia in 1949, however Portugal kept their colony on Timor. Following a revolution in Portugal which removed the dictatorship of Marcello Caetano, the country made moves to grant its remaining colonies independence. This sparked political turmoil in Portuguese Timor, and in 1975 Indonesia invaded and annexed the territory. An East Timorese independence movement opposed Indonesian rule, and in 1999 a referendum was held at which the East Timorese voted overwhelmingly for independence, which was accordingly granted in 2002.
Border crossings
Wini (IDN) – Sacato (sometimes spelled Sakato) (TLS)
Motamasin (IDN) – Salele (TLS)
Mota'ain (IDN) – Batugade (TLS)
Gallery
See also
East Timor–Indonesia relations
References
Further reading
border
Borders of Indonesia
International borders
Arthur George Frederick Griffiths (9 December 1838 – 24 March 1908) was a British military officer, prison administrator and author who published more than 60 books during his lifetime. He was also a military historian who wrote extensively about the wars of the 19th century, and was for a time military correspondent for The Times newspaper.
Upbringing and career
Griffiths was born on 9 December 1838, at Poona, India, the second son of Lieut.-colonel John Griffiths of the 6th Royal Warwickshire regiment. After graduating from King William's College on the Isle of Man, Arthur Griffiths joined the British Army as an ensign in the 63rd Regiment of Foot on 13 February 1855.
Serving in the Crimean War, Griffiths participated in the siege of Sevastopol. He also fought during the capture of Kinbum, receiving the British Crimea medal.
His later accounts of crime and punishment in England were "sensational and grotesque", designed to appeal to the baser fascinations of his Victorian readers. Their success led him to write some 60 books, many of them mystery crime novels, such as A Son of Mars (1880) and Fast and Loose (1885).
References
Citations
External links
1838 births
1908 deaths
British prison governors
British writers
People educated at King William's College
P'yŏnggang County is a kun, or county, in Kangwŏn province, North Korea. It borders Sep'o to the north, Ch'ŏrwŏn to the south, Ich'ŏn to the west, and Kimhwa to the east.
Physical features
A portion of the county is occupied by the Ryongam wetlands, which also cross into Ch'ŏrwŏn. Most of the county's terrain is mountainous, although there a few small expanses of level ground. The Kwangju and Majŏllyŏng mountains pass through P'yŏnggang. The region is prone to heavy rains.
History
The P'yŏnggang area was known as Puyang hyŏn during the Koguryŏ period, and as Kangp'yŏng (강평) under Silla. In the Koryŏ Dynasty, it was included in Tongju (동주); in the Chosŏn dynasty, it took its modern name.
Climate
Administrative divisions
On August 15, 1945, P'yŏnggang county included 1 ŭp(P'yŏnggang), 6 myŏn(Sŏ, Nam, Hyŏnnae, Mokchŏn, Sep'o, Yujin). Presently, it is divided into 1 ŭp and 30 ri (villages):
In addition, Jeongyeon-ri () in Galmal-Eup of was traditionally part of Pyonggang County, and was the only part of the county that was ceded south after the .
Economy
The county is well-suited to agriculture, and rice farming is especially developed. In addition, the mines of P'yŏnggang extract gold, tungsten, nepheline, zircon, alunite, and diatomaceous earth.
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
Kangwon (North Korea)
References
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province (North Korea)
CFMX may refer to:
CFMX-FM, a radio station in Cobourg, ON
CFMZ-FM, Toronto, which carried the CFMX-FM-2 call letters until September 2006.
CKFM-FM, a radio station in Toronto that briefly used the CFMX call letters between June 2007 and August 2007.
Kim Bok-sun (Hangul: 김복선, Hanja: 金福仙) is a retired female badminton player from South Korea. She specialized in women's singles. She reached the women's singles quarter-finals of the IBF World Championships in 1983 and 1985. She is the mother of doubles player Chae Yoo-jung.
References
South Korean female badminton players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Love and Money may refer to:
Love and Money (band), a Scottish rock/soul/funk band
Love and Money (album), an album by Eddie Money
Love and Money (film), a 1982 drama
Love and Money (play), a play by Dennis Kelly
Love & Money, an American TV sitcom
"Love and Money", an episode of the British television sitcom You Rang, M'Lord?
See also
For the Love of Money (disambiguation)
For Love or Money (disambiguation)
Love v Money (disambiguation)
For Love & Money
Love of money
In music, a cyclic set is a set, "whose alternate elements unfold complementary cycles of a single interval." Those cycles are ascending and descending, being related by inversion since complementary:
In the above example, as explained, one interval (7) and its complement (-7 = +5), creates two series of pitches starting from the same note (8):
P7: 8 +7= 3 +7= 10 +7= 5...1 +7= 8
I5: 8 +5= 1 +5= 6 +5= 11...3 +5= 8
According to George Perle, "a Klumpenhouwer network is a chord analyzed in terms of its dyadic sums and differences," and, "this kind of analysis of triadic combinations was implicit in," his, "concept of the cyclic set from the beginning".
A cognate set is a set created from joining two sets related through inversion such that they share a single series of dyads.
0 7 2 9 4 11 6 1 8 3 10 5 (0
+ 0 5 10 3 8 1 6 11 4 9 2 7 (0
= 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 (0
The two cycles may also be aligned as pairs of sum 7 or sum 5 dyads. All together these pairs of cycles form a set complex, "any cyclic set of the set complex may be uniquely identified by its two adjacency sums," and as such the example above shows p0p7 and i5i0.
References
Intervals (music)
Post-tonal music theory
Shadows is an album by American pianist David Benoit released in 1991, recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #2 on Billboards Contemporary Jazz chart.
Track listing
All tracks composed by David Benoit and Marcel East; except where indicated
"Overture" - 1:31
"Over the Edge" - 5:37
"Have You Forgotten (Interlude)" (David Benoit) - 1:07
"Shadows" - 7:05
"Saudade" (David Benoit) - 3:46
"Moments" (David Benoit, Marcel East, Valerie Pinkston) - 4:48
"Already There" (David Benoit) - 3:39
"Still Standing" (David Benoit, Marcel East, Nathan East) - 5:11
"Castles" - 4:24
"Have You Forgotten" (David Benoit) - 4:19
"Reprise" - 1:38
Personnel
David Benoit – synthesizers (1, 2, 4-7, 9), arrangements (1), orchestration and conductor (1), Yamaha MIDI grand piano (2, 4-10), horn arrangements (2, 8), rhythm arrangements (2, 8), guitar (3), string arrangements and conductor (3, 4, 7, 8, 10), electric piano (6), acoustic piano (11)
Marcel East – arrangements (1), synthesizers (2, 4, 6, 8), drum and percussion programming (2, 6, 8), horn arrangements (2, 8), rhythm arrangements (2, 4, 8), percussion (3), guitar (6), vocal arrangements (6), string arrangements (8)
Pat Kelly – guitar (7, 9)
Neil Stubenhaus – bass (2)
Nathan East – bass (4, 9)
Jimmy Johnson – bass (7), fretless bass (10)
John Robinson – drums (2, 6, 8)
Jeff Porcaro – drums (4, 5, 7, 9, 10)
Michael Fisher – percussion (1, 3, 8, 9, 10)
Chris Trujillo – percussion (4, 5, 7, 10)
Tommy Aros – percussion (5, 7)
Michael Paulo – saxophones (2, 8), soprano sax solo (4)
Ray Brown – trumpet (2)
Michael "Patches" Stewart – trumpet (2), flugelhorn (2), trumpet solo (4)
Freddie Hubbard – flugelhorn solo (5), trumpet solo (8)
Valerie Pinkston – vocals (2), lead and backing vocals (6), vocal arrangements (6)
Dori Caymmi – voice (3, 5), guitar (5), vocals (10)The Shadows Symphony Orchestra
Bruce Dukov – concertmaster
Suzie Katayama – contractor
Chuck Domanico – bass (1)
Larry Corbett and Suzie Katayama – cello (1, 3, 4, 7, 8, 10)
Sally Bonebreak – French horn (1)
Amy Shulman – harp (1, 3, 4, 7, 8, 10)
Roland Kato and Ray Tischer – viola (1, 3, 4, 7, 8, 10)
Joel Derouin, Bruce Dukov, Henry Ferber, Patricia Ann Johnson, Peter Kent, Sid Page, Michele Richards and Jay Rosen – violin (1, 3, 4, 7, 8, 10)
Production
Marcel East – producer, additional engineer
David Benoit – co-producer
Dave Grusin – executive producer
Larry Rosen – executive producer
Clark Germain – recording engineer, strings engineer, mixing
Khaliq Glover – recording engineer
Rik Pekkonen – recording engineer
John Paterno – additional engineer
Rick Winquest – assistant engineer
Dan Bosworth – mix assistant
Noel Hazen – mix assistant
Bernie Grundman – mastering
Ken Gruberman – music preparation
Suzie Katayama – music preparation
Michelle Lewis – production coordinator
Andy Baltimore – creative director
David Gibb – graphic design
Scott Johnson – graphic design
Sonny Mediana – graphic design
Andy Ruggirello – graphic design
Dan Serrano – graphic design
Carol Weinberg – photographyStudios'
Overdubbed at The Review Room (New York City, New York).
Mixed at Ocean Way Recording (Hollywood, California).
Mastered at Bernie Grundman Mastering (Hollywood, California).
Charts
References
External links
David Benoit-Shadows at Discogs
1991 albums
GRP Records albums
David Benoit (musician) albums
Toritama is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Pernambuco, in the mesoregion of Agreste Pernambucano. It is located at an altitude of 349 m, and it is 153 km west of the capital Recife. In 2020 it has an estimated population of 46,164 and an area of 25.7 km², which makes it the smallest municipality of Pernambuco, if Fernando de Noronha is not taken into account. Toritama is the best knowns for its production and sale of textiles, in particular jeans.
History
In the middle of the 19th century, Toritama was a cattle farm on the left bank of the Capibaribe River. The name Toritama comes from the indigenous words tori ("stone") and tama ("region"), in allusion to the 30-m tall stones that give the impression of a tower on the right bank of the Capibaribe. The area became a municipality on December 29, 1953; before that it consisted of the districts of Vertentes and Taquaritinga do Norte. The municipality had as its first provisional administrators Joaquim Aurélio Correia de Araújo and Antônio Manoel da Silva. The first elected mayor was José Jota de Araújo, three and a half years after the municipality's creation.
Tourism
Toritama has also made an effort to increase its tourism potential. Outside of the market square, 70 percent of the vehicles have license plates from another city in Brazil.
Economy
The city's location on a seasonal river which doesn't provide sufficient water for irrigation compelled the population to make a living in industrial activities. The municipality became a significant center of footwear manufacture in the 1970s. However, thereafter the industry declined due to strong competition from major footwear producers, which resulted in the factories producing leather shoes entering a period of decline and rapidly going bankrupt. The population then moved into the manufacture of jeans. The industry grew rapidly, and now 15 percent of the jeans produced in Brazil are made in Toritama. Attracted by their quality and low price, consumers from all over Brazil come to Toritama to buy and resell the jeans.
The Parque das Feiras (market square) is where the city's commerce is concentrated and the majority of the town's clothing stores are located. Located on the BR 104, it has an area of nine hectares divided into stalls, plus restaurants and a parking lot with space for 2000 vehicles. It was opened in September 2001, with 875 stalls of three square meters each, but the endeavor was so successful that it was subsequently enlarged by 1518 stalls.
''This article, is based until hear on a translation of the corresponding article on the Portuguese Wikipedia.
Economic Indicators
Economy by Sector
2006
Health Indicators
Largest Jeans Producers
Truppe Jeans, Tavernit Jeans, Zigurat Jeans, Rota do Mar, Ofir and Karenkiss.
References
Populated places established in 1953
Municipalities in Pernambuco
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Johnston County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Johnston County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 6 properties listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has since been removed.
Current listings
|}
Former listing
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Johnston County
Buildings and structures in Johnston County, Oklahoma
Robert Stevens (December 2, 1920 – August 7, 1989) was an American director and producer. He led on a career of producing and directing many television shows and movies for nearly 4 decades.
He was most active throughout the 1950s and 1960s. His most famous and notable works include his works as the producer/director of Suspense, as a frequent director of Alfred Hitchcock Presents and as a director of The Alfred Hitchcock Hour and as the director of the movie Change of Mind. He also directed the pilot of The Twilight Zone.
Work became slow for Stevens after the 1970s. His last work was as the director of an episode of Amazing Stories in 1987.
In 1989, shortly before his death, Stevens was robbed and beaten in his rented Westport, Connecticut home where he had retired to in 1987. He died shortly thereafter of cardiac arrest on August 7, 1989, in Westport. He was 68 years old.
Filmography
As director
As producer
As writer
References
External links
1920 births
1989 deaths
American television directors
Discontinuous aligned composites are a recent type of technical composite materials. This type of composite is neither random nor unidirectional, although it shares some characteristics with both. Discontinuous aligned composites are made of discontinuous fibers, just like random mat composites and a Hale preferential orientation closer to that of unidirectional composites.
The first method developed to manufacture discontinuous aligned composites is called "rolling drum", developed at the University of Nottingham. This method borrows the technique from the papier-mâché industry, using a nozzle that delivers a suspension of water and chopped fibers into a rolling drum.
The second method is known as HiPerDiF (high performance discontinuous fibre), developed at the University of Bristol. HiPerDiF uses an array of nozzles to direct the water-fiber suspension towards alignment plates that are perpendicular to the nozzles. The change in momentum of the water hitting the plates, orients the fibers in the direction of the plates. After hitting the plates, the suspension falls on a continuous belt that dries and laminates the composite
Discontinuous aligned composites present a great alternative for the recycling of composite materials, as they can use fibers that are anywhere from 2mm to 20mm long. The current forecast for waste carbon composite materials estimates that it will reach 25,000 tons in 2025. This is a material that can have a second life when used in discontinuous aligned composites.
References
Composite material fabrication techniques
Anthony Johnson, better known by his stage name Slim The Mobster, is a Los Angeles-based rapper. He signed with Gang Module Records. Slim The Mobster was known as Dr. Dre's protégé. Johnson's manager is John Monopoly, who ushered in Kanye West's rapping career. His influence includes gangsta rap acts like The D.O.C and The Notorious B.I.G. He took his rap name from notorious pimp Fillmore Slim and from having the mindset of a Mobster.
Early life
Slim The Mobster grew up all over from Loudonville, NY to Corpus Christi, Texas.
Career
In February 2008, he was featured on a Hussein Fatal mixtape. He delivered demos to Dr. Dre in 2008 and eventually got a record deal with Aftermath Entertainment. Dr Dre asked Eminem and 50 Cent who agreed to sign Slim as a joint venture, officially signing him to Shady/Aftermath/G-Unit Records.
2009-2010: Working on Dr. Dre's Detox and debut album
Slim The Mobster started to work on Dr. Dre's Detox in 2009, including the single, "Kush".
2011: Slim The Mobster presents War Music
His first album was War Music, powered by Crooks & Castles. War Music features ten original tracks including "Whose House?", "What Goes Up", and "Back Against the Wall". In addition to rhymes from Slim, guest work came from Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Prodigy, Nikki Grier and more. The street album features production from Dr. Dre, Jake One, Nottz, Bink, Sid Roams, and Siege Monstracity. The album is executive produced by Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg and Sha Money XL and was originally hosted by DJ Whoo Kid.
2012–present: S.O.O.N. (Something Out of Nothing)
His debut album under Aftermath Entertainment, entitled S.O.O.N. (Something Out Of Nothing), was due to be released on August 21, 2012. Among the many contributors are Xzibit, King Tee, Eminem, Kendrick Lamar, Snoop Dogg, Jay Rock, Busta Rhymes, and Big K.R.I.T. In 2012 he left Aftermath Entertainment and planned to release his album S.O.O.N. (Something Out Of Nothing) on Gang Module.
Personal life
He claimed to have been "stabbed, shot, robbed, kidnapped and was a member of the Crips street gang" during his life on the streets. His uncle is former drug kingpin Freeway Ricky Ross.
Discography
Albums
TBA: S.O.O.N. (Something Out Of Nothing)
Mixtapes
2010: South Central's Finest (Hosted By DJ Clue)
2011: War Music (Hosted By DJ Whoo Kid)
Guest appearances
References
External links
African-American male rappers
Aftermath Entertainment artists
Living people
Rappers from Los Angeles
West Coast hip hop musicians
Crips
People from California
People from Corpus Christi, Texas
Gangsta rappers
People from Loudonville, New York
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
21st-century African-American men
1979 births
Diamonds is the eighth studio album by Japanese pop band Deen. It was released on 18 August 2006 under BMG Funhouse.
Background
From this album they moved from sub-label to main label, BMG Japan. The release gasp between previous album Road Cruisin' are two years.
The album consists of two previously released singles, Starting Over and Diamond.
For the first time the composer Kouji Yamane will perform by himself his own written song Shanghai Rock Star. For the first time after eight years, some staff members from Being Inc. were involved in album production, such as Tetsurō Oda and Takeshi Hayama.
This album was released in two formats: regular CD edition and limited CD+DVD edition. In DVD disc are included making videoclips of the singles "Diamond".
Charting performance
The album reached #20 in its first week and charted for 3 weeks, selling 10,000 copies.
Track listing
In media
Starting Over - ending theme for Nihon TV program Itadaki Muscle!
Diamonds - image song for Chiba Lotte Marines
Niji no Kanate e - commercial song for Joguchi Atom
References
Sony Music albums
Japanese-language albums
2006 albums
Deen (band) albums
Rosalind Hall is a former director of the Men's Chorus and Concert Choir at Brigham Young University (BYU). In 2020, Hall retired after over 20 years in that role.
Hall is a native of Wales. She was educated at the University of London, the University of Edinburgh and London's Royal Academy of Music, receiving degrees in Voice and Piano. She received a Bachelor of Music degree from the Royal Academy in 1977. Hall moved to the United States in 1989 to pursue post-graduate studies in choral conducting at BYU. While she was a graduate student she also directed the BYU Women's Chorus. Hall received a Master of Music degree in 1993 from BYU.
From 1992 to 1999, Hall was chair of the music department at the Waterford School, where she was instrumental in helping develop the Fine Arts Academy. She became the first female director of BYU's Men's Chorus and Concert Choir when Mack Wilberg left to become the assistant director of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir in the fall of 1999. In addition to conducting these two choirs at BYU, Hall taught undergraduate courses in choral conducting and graduate courses in choral literature at the BYU College of Fine Arts and Communications. Following the 2015 retirement of Ronald Staheli, Hall served as the Division Coordinator for the Choral Division of the BYU School of Music until her own retirement in 2020.
Hall's tenure at BYU was prolific for the choirs and marked by increased visibility for the choral program. She led the choirs numerous times at LDS Church general conferences. In 2006, Hall and the choirs were invited to perform at the annual conference of the American Choral Directors Association, premiering the work "Dances to Life" by Wilberg. She has led the Men's Chorus through collaborative performances with high-profile performers, including Brian Stokes Mitchell, Kristin Chenoweth, Peter Hollens, Alex Boyé, and Ben Rector.
Hall produced a number of recordings with the choirs, including solo albums, composite albums with the other BYU choirs, and music videos. With the Concert Choir, she produced their second solo album, Beautiful River, in 2005. With the Men's Chorus, she recorded the solo album Praise Him in 2005 and released an album of live concert recordings titled Live and Kicking in 2009. Following the October 2012 announcement by Thomas S. Monson lowering the minimum age for LDS missionary service, Hall produced a special missionary-themed album with the Men's Chorus that would be offered free of charge as a download. The album, titled Set Apart, was released in April 2013 and subsequent free tracks have been added each year since the release. She also oversaw the creation of the choirs' first music videos, including teaming up with BYU Vocal Point for a rendition of "Nearer, My God, to Thee" that has garnered over 25 million views on YouTube.
In 2012, Hall was selected as one of the 300 best professors in the nation by the Princeton Review.
Hall was included multiple times on RateMyProfessors.com's annual list of top university professors, ranking 4th on the list in 2012-2013, 12th in 2013-2014, 24th in 2014-2015, 20th in 2015-2016, and 15th in 2017-2018.
In 2015, Hall and Staheli were awarded BYU's Creative Works Award by BYU president Kevin J Worthen for their "outstanding achievement in the development of creative works that have had wide acceptance and national or international distribution."
References
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Brigham Young University alumni
Brigham Young University faculty
Living people
Welsh Latter Day Saints
Year of birth missing (living people)
Alumni of the University of London
British expatriates in the United States
Women conductors (music)
St. Stanislaus Parish (Polish language: Parafia św. Stanisława Kostki w Bristol)was originally built to serve Polish immigrants in Bristol, Connecticut, United States.
It was founded in 1919 and is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Archdiocese of Hartford.
History
On April 21, 1919, Bishop John Joseph Nilan named Fr. George Bartlewski founding pastor of St. Stanislaus Parish.
The construction of a basement church, Bishop John Joseph Nilan blessed on September 26, 1920. Auxiliary Bishop John G. Murray dedicated the basement church on May 30, 1921.
In 1954 the basement church was demolished and Masses were temporarily moved to the school hall as plans were made to complete the church. A new Gothic edifice in brick rose on the site of the original church and was dedicated on May 20, 1956. The architect of the new church was James J. O'Shaughnessy.
The organ at St. Stanislaus Church was built in 1956 by Austin Organs, Inc. It is a two manual instrument with 13 ranks of pipes.
School
St. Stanislaus School
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Stanislaus - Diocesan information
St. Stanislaus - ParishesOnline.com
Archdiocese of Hartford
St. Stanislaus - Discovermass.com
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Bristol, Connecticut
Churches in Hartford County, Connecticut
1919 establishments in Connecticut
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1920
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
CCN1 may refer to:
Cyclin A2 - a protein in the cyclin family
CYR61 - a protein in the CCN family
Sanjiang Church (三江基督教堂) was a Christian church located in Yongjia County, near Wenzhou, in Zhejiang Province, China. The church was completed in December 2013. The city of Wenzhou is a port city believed to have China's largest Christian community. Local Christians claim as many as 15 percent of the residents Christians with the majority being Protestant. British missionaries George and Grace Stott had set up churches in this area towards the end of the 19th century.
The Sanjiang Church was completed in 2013 after almost six years and after local Christians pooled together between 3.2 and 4.9 million US dollars (20-30 million yuan) for the construction costs. The building was large enough to hold up to 2,000 people with the church complex occupying more than 100,000 square feet of land. The church had been registered with the government authorities. The demolition was preceded by a petition by local believers of the Chinese folk faith accusing the church to disrupt the area's feng shui (cosmic harmony), highlighting the tensions between indigenous religious groups and Christianity.
2014 Protests
In April 2014, thousands of Chinese Christians camped around a church to prevent it from being demolished after several crosses had been torn down. In February 2014, local officials began an antireligious campaign to demolish any church buildings that violated local regulations. Local Christians claim that Communist Party officials object to the bright, prominent crosses that some churches use to advertise their presence and want these crosses to be replaced with smaller crosses inside. Government officials claim that the building is structurally unsound.
Demolition
As of April 28, 2014, the entire church had been toppled over.
References
Buildings and structures demolished in 2014
Destroyed churches
Churches in Zhejiang
Wenzhou
Demolished buildings and structures in China
The 58th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1999 Nova Scotia general election, the 57th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 58th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 2003 Nova Scotia general election, the 58th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 59th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 36th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The 2006/07 FIS Nordic Combined World Cup was the 24th World Cup season, a combination of ski jumping and cross-country skiing organized by FIS. The season started on 25 November 2006 and lasted until 18 March 2007.
Calendar
Men
Team
Standings
Overall
Standings after 14 events.
Sprint
Standings after 8 events.
Nations Cup
Standings after 16 events.
Notes
References
Official home page, from FIS
2006 in Nordic combined
2007 in Nordic combined
FIS Nordic Combined World Cup
Thompson Mountain () is a mountain in Antarctica, 2,350 m, standing 5 nautical miles (9 km) south of Mount McKerrow in the southwest part of Surveyors Range. Named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) (1960–61) for Edgar H. Thompson, Professor of Surveying and Photogrammetry at the University College of London, England.
Mountains of Oates Land
Amy McAllister is an actress most notable for her role as Mary in hit BBC drama Call the Midwife. She recently completed work on the BAFTA Award-winning BBC/Merman comedy-drama There She Goes (TV series) which stars Jessica Hynes and David Tennant as well as on Victorian detective drama Miss Scarlet and the Duke for UKTV and PBS. She is currently filming A Discovery of Witches (TV series) for Sky One and has also appeared in the third series of Witless (TV series) on BBC Three and in the Stephen Frears film Philomena, which stars Steve Coogan and Judi Dench.
Background
McAllister grew up in Dublin, Ireland. She trained at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, where productions included Live Like Pigs directed by Christian Burgess and performed at the Royal Court Theatre in Sloane Square.
Career
McAllister has worked extensively in theatre since graduating from the Guildhall. Recent work includes Scorch by Stacey Gregg (Summerhall Best Actor Award, Fringe First Award, Best New Play at the Irish Times Theatre Awards), Forever Yours Marie-Lou at Theatre Royal, Bath, Hecuba by Marina Carr at the Royal Shakespeare Company, Shadow of a Gunman at the Abbey Theatre (Irish Times Theatre Awards nomination for Best Supporting Actress), Sons Without Fathers at the Arcola Theatre, White Rabbit Red Rabbit at Live Theatre, Horse Piss For Blood by Kneehigh Theatre writer Carl Grose, No Man's Land, performed in Berlin and in the UK, and The Cherry Orchard, adapted by Tom Stoppard, in which she played the role of Anya. In 2010, she appeared as autistic savant Fanny Haddock in the five-star production of A Northern Odyssey, by Shelagh Stephenson. She took on the role of Lyra in the 2009 stage adaptation of Phillip Pullman's His Dark Materials, in a co-production with the Birmingham Repertory Theatre and the West Yorkshire Playhouse. In 2008, she was highly praised by theatre critics for her performance as Hilde Wangel in The Lady from the Sea, also at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre.
Credits
Film credits include the Oscar-nominated Philomena, Ruby Strangelove, and the forthcoming romantic comedy For Love Or Money. She has appeared on television as teenage runaway Mary in BBC drama Call the Midwife, as cancer patient Annabelle Taylor in BBC drama Holby City, as Ruth in The Great Fire, and as Della Morgan in Doctors. McAllister's other theatre work includes Brighton Beach Memoirs, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe, Don Juan Comes Back from the War, The Tinker's Wedding, and The Way Home by award-winning writer Chloe Moss.
Other work
McAllister is also a rising star of the London poetry scene. She is a recent UK Anti-slam Champion, has won multiple poetry slams across Europe, and holds the Farrago Zoo Award for Best Feature Debut. Her first poetry collection Is You As Single As That Cream? was published by Burning Eye and her work also appears in Rhyming Thunder, South Bank Poetry Magazine, The Pop Up Anthology, Playerist Poetry Magazine, and Outwest. She has performed alongside John Hegley, John Cooper Clarke, Inua Ellams, Gerry Potter, Phill Jupitus, and Howard Marks and was one of forty leading female poets selected to read Sylvia Plath's Ariel at the Southbank Centre for the 50th anniversary of her death.
References
External links
http://www.amymcallisterpoetry.wordpress.com
https://www.spotlight.com/5842-3426-8380
https://actors.mandy.com/uk/actor/profile/amy-mcallister-1 Mandy Actor
https://www.linkedin.com/in/amymca/
https://www.theguardian.com/stage/2016/aug/09/scorch-at-edinburgh-festival-review-prime-cut-stacey-gregg
http://www.whatsonstage.com/edinburgh-theatre/reviews/scorch-summerhall-festival-fringe_41466.html
https://edinburghfestival.list.co.uk/article/84246-scorch/
https://web.archive.org/web/20120320060052/http://www.whatsonstage.com/reviews/theatre/london/E8821241084647/His+Dark+Materials+%28Birmingham+%26+tour%29.html His Dark Materials – What's on Stage
Lady on the Sea, The Guardian
http://louderthanwar.com/sons-without-fathers-at-the-arcola-theatre-london/
http://www.thestage.co.uk/reviews/review.php/38445/sons-without-fathers
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/theatre/theatre-reviews/10001363/Sons-Without-Fathers-Belgrade-Coventry-review.html
Irish stage actresses
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Irish television actresses
People from County Dublin
Irish film actresses
Alumni of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama
21st-century Irish actresses
Oğulduruk is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 216 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Prithi Chand (Gurmukhi: ਪ੍ਰਿਥੀ ਚੰਦ; 1558-1618) was the eldest son of Guru Ram Das – the fourth Guru of Sikhism, and the eldest brother of Guru Arjan – the fifth Guru. He wanted to inherit the Sikh Guruship from his father, who instead favored and appointed his youngest son the 18-year old Arjan Dev as the next Guru. Chand was embittered and notably started one of the major subsects of early Sikhism. This subsect came to be labelled as the Minas, literally "unscrupulous scoundrels", by his competition. According to The Encyclopaedia Britannica, Prithi Chand was "distinctly hostile" of his brother's appointment as Guru. His unscrupulous means and support for atrocities committed by the Mughal empire, did not find favour with Guru Ram Das, who bestowed the Guruship on Guru Arjan. Modern scholars have called his movement as one of the unorthodox sects that emerged in the history of Sikhism.
Chand was an accomplished devotional poet, however, he did not use his talents to good means. He created a parallel scripture which included the hymns of earlier Gurus and his own poetry. His spiritual discourses used teachings of Sikh Gurus but were aimed to attract his own following and the official support of the Mughal Empire. His followers forcibly and by covert means, gained control of the Sikh holy city of Amritsar and neighboring region, while Guru Hargobind – the sixth Guru of Sikhism, had to relocate his Guruship to the Himalayan Shivalik foothills. Chand and his followers tried to establish his own Guruship opposing Guru Arjan and Guru Hargobind as the official followers of Guru Nanak – the founder of Sikhism. His poetic abilities and use of hymns of Guru Nanak for his ulterior motives is believed to have likely triggered Guru Arjan to compose the official first manuscript of the Adi Granth.
There was a bitter attempt by Prithi Chand and his followers to oppose Guru Arjan for three generations. In contemporary Sikhism, the followers and movement led by Prithi Chand are considered as "dissenters". In the hagiographies and Sikh history, Chand is accused of attempting to poison Hargobind when he was a young boy. He and his descendants – his son, Manohar Das (Meharban) and Mehrban's son, Harji (Hariji) conspired with the Muslim leaders such as Sulahi Khan to hurt and end the later Sikh Gurus, as well prevent them from entering Amritsar. However, Minas' literature does not support these allegations, on the contrary presenting Chand as a devout supporter of Guru Arjan and suggesting a likely "bias" against Chand.
Prithi Chand established his Guruship in Kotha Guru (about 35 kilometers northeast of Bathinda). He died there in 1618. His son Manohar Das, popularly known as Meharban, was attached to both his father Prithi Chand and his uncle Guru Arjan. Meharban succeeded Chand-led Sikh sect's fellowship. He was also a literary talent and a "luminary among medieval Sikh and Panjabi litterateurs" states Syan, and he composed hymns under the pen name of Prithi Chand. Prithi Chand and his early Sikh sect claimed to have the Guru Harsahai pothi, the earliest compiled Sikh scripture from the time of Guru Nanak. According to the literature of the Miharvan Sikhs, the pothi was given to Prithi Chand by Guru Arjan and this was in part the reason they claimed authenticity of their hymns and movement.
The wars of Guru Gobind Singh against the Muslim commanders and the rise of the Khalsa brotherhood ultimately ended the control of Amritsar by the followers of Prithi Chand. His movement and the "Minas" sect thereafter became largely extinct. According to Gurinder Singh Mann, the Sodhis of Guru Harsahai (35 kilometers west of Faridkot) and of Malwa region are the descendants of the Prithi Chand and Miharvan movement.
References
Sikh gurus
1558 births
1618 deaths
Punjabi people
Sikh groups and sects
Miller County is a county located in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 6,125. The county seat is Colquitt. The county was created on February 26, 1856, and named after Andrew Jackson Miller (1806–56), president of the Medical College of Georgia.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
The majority of Miller County, west of a north-to-south line made as a continuation of the eastern Early County border, is located in the Spring Creek sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The county's very northeastern corner is located in the Ichawaynochaway Creek sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin, while the southeastern portion, from just north of State Route 91 going south, is located in the Lower Flint River sub-basin of the same larger ACF River Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 27
State Route 1
State Route 39
State Route 45
State Route 91
State Route 91 Spur
State Route 273
State Route 310
Adjacent counties
Baker County (northeast)
Decatur County (southeast)
Seminole County (southwest)
Early County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,383 people, 2,487 households, and 1,765 families living in the county. The population density was 9/km2 (23/mi2). There were 2,770 housing units at an average density of 4/km2 (10/mi2). The racial makeup of the county was 70.26% White, 28.90% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.05% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 0.20% from other races, and 0.33% from two or more races. 0.69% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,487 households, out of which 31.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.70% were married couples living together, 15.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.00% were non-families. 26.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.03.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.30% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 26.20% from 25 to 44, 23.40% from 45 to 64, and 17.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 89.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 83.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,335, and the median income for a family was $31,866. Males had a median income of $25,995 versus $20,886 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,435. About 16.90% of families and 21.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.70% of those under age 18 and 21.10% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 6,125 people, 2,426 households, and 1,674 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,791 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 69.6% white, 28.1% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.2% were American, and 5.2% were Irish.
Of the 2,426 households, 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.1% were married couples living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.0% were non-families, and 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.00. The median age was 41.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,196 and the median income for a family was $40,685. Males had a median income of $31,985 versus $29,110 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,895. About 18.9% of families and 18.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.3% of those under age 18 and 16.1% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 6,000 people, 2,333 households, and 1,556 families residing in the county.
Education
The Miller County School District operates public schools serving residents of the county.
Communities
Boykin
Colquitt
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Miller County, Georgia
References
External links
Miller County Board of Commissioners Official Website
Miller County Liberal official website of newspaper founded in 1897 by Zula Brown Toole
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1856 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1856
Nardoichthys francisci is an extinct species of perciform fish from the Campanian / Maastrichtian epoch of Nardò, Italy.
References
Prehistoric perciform genera
Cretaceous bony fish
Late Cretaceous fish
Fossils of Italy
Fossil taxa described in 1991
Nicholas Wain is a former British slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s.
He won a gold medal in the K-1 team event at the 1981 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Bala.
References
Overview of athlete's results at CanoeSlalom.net
British male canoeists
Possibly living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Kahnuj (, also Romanized as Kahnūj; also known as Kahnow) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 141, in 36 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Knut Aga (born 4 January 1971) is a retired Norwegian football striker and defender.
He played youth football for Rælingen and Strømmen, and was drafted into Strømmen's senior team in 1989. Ahead of the 1992 season he transferred to Bryne, but already in 1993 he went on to Vålerenga. He became the club's top goalscorer in 1994 with 8 goals, but was repositioned as a full back.
In 1997 he joined Lyn, but never became a regular. He rounded off his career in lowly Sørumsand IF and later turned to coaching.
After a successful run as head coach of Skedsmo FK, securing two promotions, Aga went on to coach Lørenskog IF in 2007 whence he resigned in the autumn of 2009. He returned to Skedsmo ahead of the 2010 season, but resigned in the summer of 2010 for personal reasons. Ahead of the 2011 season he signed on to Fet IL, but resigned already in May 2011, again citing personal reasons. Aga rejoined Skedsmo ahead of the 2016 season.
References
1971 births
Living people
People from Rælingen
Norwegian footballers
Strømmen IF players
Bryne FK players
Vålerenga Fotball players
Lyn Fotball players
Norwegian First Division players
Eliteserien players
Association football forwards
Association football defenders
Norwegian football managers
Harold Daniel Osorio Moreno (born 20 August 2002) is a Salvadoran professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for MLS Next Pro club Chicago Fire II and the El Salvador national team.
References
External links
Living people
Salvadoran footballers
El Salvador international footballers
Association football midfielders
2002 births
El Salvador under-20 international footballers
The dusky babbler (Turdoides tenebrosa) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae.
It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Sudan, and Uganda.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
dusky babbler
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
dusky babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
"Why Can't You Behave?" is a 1948 popular song written by Cole Porter, for his musical Kiss Me, Kate, where it was introduced by Lisa Kirk.
Background
The character Lois Lane sings it to her boyfriend Bill, who had just missed rehearsal because he was gambling and told her he signed a 10,000-dollar IOU in the name of the director of the show. In the 1953 film version, the song is performed by Ann Miller.
Notable recordings
1948 Frank Sinatra - recorded December 15, 1948 with The Phil Moore Four.
1949 Bing Crosby - recorded January 4, 1949 with Vic Schoen and His Orchestra for Decca Records.
1956 Ella Fitzgerald included on "Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Cole Porter Song Book".
References
Songs written by Cole Porter
1948 songs
Ella Fitzgerald songs
Jo Stafford songs
Copa Petrobras may refer to one of six South American tennis tournaments, all part of the ATP Challenger Tour :
Copa Petrobras Asunción, held in Asunción, Paraguay from 2006 until 2010. The event is played on outdoor clay courts.
Copa Petrobras Bogotá, held in Bogotá, Colombia from 2004 until 2010. The event is played on outdoor clay courts.
Copa Petrobras Buenos Aires, held in Buenos Aires, Argentina from 2006 until 2010. The event is played on outdoor clay courts.
Copa Petrobras Montevideo, held in Montevideo, Uruguay from 2005 until 2010 before being renamed Uruguay Open. The event is played on outdoor clay courts.
Copa Petrobras Santiago, held in Santiago, Chile in 2004 and 2005 and again in 2009 and 2010. The event is played on outdoor clay courts.
Copa Petrobras São Paulo, held in São Paulo, Aracaju or Belo Horizonte, Brazil from 2004 until 2010. The event is played on outdoor red clay courts.
The Twentieth Anniversary Macintosh (or "TAM") is a limited-edition personal computer released in 1997 to mark Apple's 20th birthday. The machine was a technological showcase of the day, boasting a number of features beyond simple computing, and with a price tag aimed at the "executive" market.
History
April 1, 1996, marked 20 years since the day that Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne came together to form Apple Computer. As this milestone arrived and came to the attention of Apple's then-current executives, the decision was made to release a limited edition Macintosh computer to celebrate—and so the "Spartacus" (or "Pomona", or "Smoke & Mirrors") project was born.
The normal time-span to develop a new Macintosh computer was 18+ months, although available time was less. However, the design team had already been working on several "dream" concepts, and soon settled on the most feasible of those: the (almost) "All-in-One" LCD-based design. To reduce development time, many off-the-shelf components were used on the new computer's internals.
The TAM was announced almost 20 years to the day after Jobs and Wozniak incorporated the company, in January 1997 at MacWorld Expo, San Francisco. It was given a release date of March 20, 1997, with a retail price of £5,545 or €6,637. Originally intended as a mainstream product, the marketing group turned it into a pricey special edition.
Upon its unveiling, the TAM was predicted to cost , which would include a direct-to-door concierge delivery service. At release the price was reduced to . In the middle of the machine's sales lifespan Apple dropped the price further to around , and finally upon discontinuation in March 1998 the price was set to . Customers who paid full price for the TAM, and then complained to Apple when the price was so drastically cut, were offered a free high-end PowerBook as compensation.
Specifications and design
The TAM featured a 250 MHz PowerPC 603ev processor and 12.1" active matrix LCD powered by an ATI 3D Rage II video chipset with 2 MB of VRAM capable of displaying up to 16-bit color at either 800x600 or 640x480 pixels. It had a vertically mounted 4x SCSI CD-ROM and an Apple floppy SuperDrive, a 2 GB ATA hard drive, a TV/FM tuner, an S-Video input card, and a custom-made Bose sound system including two "Jewel" speakers and a subwoofer built into the externally located power supply "base unit".
A thick "umbilical" cable connects the base unit to the head unit, supplying both power, and communications for the subwoofer. The umbilical connects via a multi-pin connector, which is a possible cause of the TAM's one major fault: the "speaker buzz". Inspections of units that received a repair by Apple due to the speaker buzz found one or more extra resistors had been installed in the umbilical. Ensuring the connectors are free of dust/dirt has also been known to resolve the "buzz", though the buzz ultimately only affected a small percentage of machines. An Apple Engineer noted that the thick umbilical was intended to power a higher end CPU, however that option was ultimately curtailed, though the diameter of the umbilical remained.
The TAM came with a unique 75 key ADB keyboard which featured leather palm-rests and a trackpad instead of a mouse. The trackpad could be detached from the keyboard if desired, with a small leather insert found underneath the keyboard ready to fill the gap. When not required, the keyboard could slide under the TAM's head unit, leaving the trackpad exposed for continued access. The TAM also came with a remote control (standard with the Apple TV/FM Tuner card), but also featured buttons on the front panel that could control sound levels, CD playback, brightness, contrast, and TV mode. The pre-installed operating system was a specialized version of Mac OS 7.6.1, which allowed control over those features. It is the last Macintosh model able to boot and run System 7 natively.
Expandability was offered via a 7-inch PCI slot and Apple Communication slot II for the addition of Ethernet. Later G3 upgrade options offered by Sonnet and NewerTechnologies made use of the TAM's Level II Cache slot, which allow the computer to reach speeds of up to 500 MHz. All of these options come at the price of the TAM's slim profile. The back panel must be removed, and replaced with an (included) "hunchback" cover that adds several inches to the depth of the machine.
The TAM featured a unique startup chime, which is not used on any other Macintosh models. This chime can also be heard on Mactracker, a freeware application for macOS, iOS, and iPadOS that provides a detailed database of current and historic Apple products.
Production and release
The TAM was only released in the USA, Japan, France, Germany, and the UK.
Both of Apple's founders, Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs, received a TAM. When "Woz" allowed people to see into his office via webcam in the late 1990s, his TAM was visible on his desk.
Due to the scarcity of scale, rather than training all Apple authorized technicians in repairing the TAM, Apple opted to ship faulty units to three central locations worldwide: one per continent. The US location was the Eastman Kodak Company's service center in Rochester, New York. Apple's Service Source CD, containing information for authorized technicians in the repair of Apple computers, lists the TAM as a "closed unit", to be returned to said repair locations for all repairs. It does not contain a "take apart" guide for the TAM.
Websites
Rather than a simple page on Apple's website, the TAM was given its own website, albeit one of only six brief pages. This was a departure from Apple's standard advertising practice for its other Macintosh computers of the time. The website was shut down by Apple in 1999 and redirected to the main Apple website.
Not long after the TAM's release, a community website was created by Bob Bernardara, a TAM owner in the U.S. He created the site for TAM owners and it featured news and information about the TAM, along with links to useful software and a forum for discussions. Apple had an active link to the site shortly before the last TAM rolled was made.
Welcome to The 20th Anniversary Macintosh Web Site—the "Official" home of the TAM user community. This is the place where 20th Anniversary Macintosh owners can share a wealth of information on this "insanely great" product. The TAM (Twentieth Anniversary Macintosh) is a unique machine in the world of computers and this site will help you get the most out of yours.
The TAM site actively ran for several years and it eventually had to shut down when Bernardara could not contact Axon, the Australian hosting company who hosted the site, to make critical updates.
A number of newer TAM community websites have appeared over the years.
Discontinuation
Steve Jobs returned to Apple in 1997. In March 1998 he made sweeping changes, including scrapping the Newton MessagePad. It was at this time that the TAM was discontinued, and remaining stocks reduced to . The timing itself was not conspicuous, most Apple computers only feature a 1-year production run, and the TAMs began in March 1997. However Jobs stated that he hated the TAM. Dealers in the US ran out of stock within 14 days of the final price drop.
Reception
The TAM was criticized for being too pricey compared to other computers. PC World placed the TAM as 25th in their "Worst Tech Products of All Time" feature in 2006, citing it as one of the priciest listed personal computer with played-out specs.
Furthermore, Steve Jobs himself has also stated in 1997 that he hated the TAM.
Legacy
While the Twentieth Anniversary Macintosh may not have been a well-known machine for its time, nor a big seller, it did have a lasting influence on personal computers. Jony Ive refined the original concept of the TAM. He then became director of the Industrial Design Group, in charge of designing later computers. Like the TAM, Apple's modern iMac, starting with the G5 model, uses a vertically mounted removable drive (i.e. SuperDrive) behind the screen. Even the removable trackpad has been replicated with Apple's Magic Trackpad.
External power supplies were also used in later Apple computers such as the Power Mac G4 Cube and Mac Mini. Joint efforts with speaker manufacturers (originally Bose but later Harman Kardon) have become common for several Apple computers.
In popular culture
Due to its unconventional design, the TAM has featured in numerous films and television series, including:
Seinfeld: Several episodes of the ninth and final season in Jerry's apartment.
Friends: Behind Chandler's office desk in the fourth season, in the episode "The One With the Worst Best Man Ever".
The Real World: Seattle: Present on the desk in the Pier 70 office.
Sabrina (1995): A prototype TAM is on the desk of Linus Larrabee. The TAM prototype sits on the far right side of Linus, on a dedicated side desk. The CD player has a see through port in the middle of the door that allows for the CD to be inserted and removed, this see through feature was removed in the production version that has a solid dark grey plastic door. The actual unit that Linus had on his desk was Apple's in-house development model that Apple lent to the studio.
Batman & Robin (1997): Used by Alfred to write a CD (a capability the real computer did not have).
Serial Experiments Lain (1998): The first computer Lain has is a red-colored TAM.
Children of Men (2006): A TAM is used in Jasper's hideout to show video feeds of intruders breaking in. In this movie it would be 30 years old, as the film is set in 2027.
References
External links
Apple TAM Tech Spec page
Enthusiast Website - Forums, Pictures and Videos 404!
Macintosh all-in-ones
Macintosh case designs
PowerPC Macintosh computers
Computer-related introductions in 1997
Big Lasse of Delsbo (Swedish: Lång-Lasse i Delsbo) is a 1949 Swedish historical drama film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Sten Lindgren, Anna Lindahl and Ulla Andreasson. It was shot at the Centrumateljéerna Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director P.A. Lundgren. It was inspired by real historical events in nineteenth century Sweden.
Synopsis
In Delsbo in the 1840s, the new preacher Lars Landgren (known to his parishioners as Big Lasse) tries to battle moral decline in the area after being called in by concerned locals.
Cast
Sten Lindgren as Lars Landgren
Anna Lindahl as Mrs. Matilda Landgren
Ulla Andreasson as Margit Bryngel
Peter Lindgren as Klas Hägglund
Arthur Fischer as Tratt-Lasse Bryngel
Nils Hultgren as Mickel Hansson
Axel Högel as Tuvesson Sr.
Eric Laurent as Näslund
Wilma Malmlöf as Lotta Bryngel
Erik Sundqvist as Björn Tuvesson
Margit Andelius as Mrs. Näslund
Torgny Anderberg as Halvar i Bakmossen
Marianne Anderberg as Hästskojar-Nisse's wife
Per-Axel Arosenius as Ekstedt
Josua Bengtson as Tjyv-Pelle
Greta Berthels as Brännar-Antes käring
Astrid Bodin as Klas Hägglund's mother
Helga Brofeldt as Björn's Mother
Julia Cæsar as Bickering woman
John Ekman as Brännar-Ante
Sture Ericson as Friend of Tratt-Lasse
Albin Erlandzon as Skinnar-Jonte
Tyra Fischer as Skinnar-Jonte's wife
Siegfried Fischer as Per Olsson i Överälven
Ivar Hallbäck as Erik Jansson, priest
Gustaf Hiort af Ornäs as Unmarried man interrogated by Landgren
Lissi Alandh as Unmarried woman interrogated by Landgren
Adèle Lundvall as Johanna
Erik Molin as Hästskojar-Nisse
Bellan Roos as Bickering woman's niece
Edla Rothgardt as Woman at Skinnar-Jonte
Nina Scenna as Immoral woman
Hanny Schedin as Malena i Rismyra
Georg Skarstedt as Kjellstedt, school inspector
Erik Sundquist as Visitor to Landgren
Ivar Wahlgren as Doctor
Maud Walter as Woman
Tom Walter as Olle Pryl
Birger Åsander as Pelle Borst
Alf Östlund as Hägglund Sr.
Emmy Albiin as Petter's Wife
Erik Forslund as Petter i Lilltorp
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
Wright, Rochelle. The Visible Wall: Jews and Other Ethnic Outsiders in Swedish Film. SIU Press, 1998.
External links
1949 films
Swedish drama films
1944 drama films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
Swedish historical films
1940s historical films
Films set in the 1840s
Films set in Sweden
1940s Swedish films
William Clothier may refer to:
William Clothier (tennis) (1881–1962), American champion player
William H. Clothier (1903–1996), American film director of photography
The Unknown Ranger is a 1936 American Western film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and starring Bob Allen, Martha Tibbetts, and Walter Miller. It was released on October 30, 1936.
Cast list
Bob Allen as himself
Martha Tibbetts as Alice
Walter Miller as Bull
Buzz Henry as Buzzy (credited as Buzzy Henry)
Bud Osborne as Steve
Robert Kortman as Toady (credited as Bob Kortman)
Harry Strang as Snaky Joe
William Gould as Harper (credited as Bill Gould)
Horace Murphy
Al Taylor
References
American Western (genre) films
1936 Western (genre) films
1936 films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet
1930s American films
The Peruvian gold pound (Spanish: libra peruana de oro; abbreviation: Lp.), was a unit of currency issued in Peru between 1898 and 1931. It was fixed in value to 10 soles and was issued in the form of gold coins and banknotes, which circulated alongside coins denominated in centavos, dineros and soles. The gold pound was equal to the British sovereign.
History
The first pound coins were minted in 1898, to the same standard as the British sovereign (113 grains of pure gold). In 1901, Peru adopted a gold standard based on the pound worth 10 soles. The gold standard was maintained until 1932 (see Peruvian sol for more details). Coins were issued until 1930, banknotes until 1933.
Coins
Three denominations were minted. The Lp. 1 was for issued circulation between 1898 and 1930, the Lp. between 1902 and 1913, and the Lp. between 1905 and 1930.
Banknotes
Between 1914 and 1918, Cheques Circulares were issued redeemable by six banks for Lp. , Lp. 1, Lp. 5 and Lp. 10. The Reserve Bank of Peru took over the production of paper money in 1922, introducing notes for the same denominations as the earlier cheques. In 1933, some of these notes, together with unissued notes dated 1926, were overstamped by the Central Reserve Bank of Peru with their values in soles.
References
External links
Libra
Economic history of Peru
Pound (currency)
1898 establishments in Peru
1931 disestablishments
Modern obsolete currencies
Toni Dathe-Fabri was a German screenwriter and occasional actress active during the film industry's silent era.
Selected filmography
Wiener Herzen (1930)
Freiheit in Fesseln (1930)
Man schenkt sich Rosen, wenn man verliebt ist (1930)
Jugendsünden (1929)
Rinaldo Rinaldini (1927)
Die Elenden der Straße (1926)
Der kleine Herzog (1924)
Bigamie (1922)
Entblätterte Blüten (1920)
Das Grauen (1920)
Dem Teufel verschrieben (1919)
Im Dienste der Liebe (1919)
Eine tolle Kiste (1919)
Mary Wood, die Tochter des Sträflings (1919)
Erste Liebe: wahre Liebe (1918)
Christa Hartungen (1917)
Der Tolle Dammingen (1917)
Der Schloßschrecken (1916)
Ullas Weg (1916)
References
Silent film screenwriters
German women screenwriters
German screenwriters
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
The Robert Dilworth House is a historic house located at 606 East Fifth Street in Vermont, Illinois. The house was built in 1872 for Robert Dilworth, a local banker, politician, and pharmacist. The house was designed in the Italianate style, a nationally popular architectural style at the time. The main entrance is situated behind a full-length front porch supported by beveled columns; the front door itself has a decorative wooden surround and is topped by a transom. The house's windows are tall, narrow, and topped by arches, as is common in Italianate architecture. The gable roof has a front-facing gable adorned by decorative brackets along its eaves.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 12, 1993.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1872
National Register of Historic Places in Fulton County, Illinois
Vermont, Illinois
Februniye Akyol (Christian name: Fabronia Benno) is an Syriac-Aramean politician and was co-mayor of Mardin. She is a part of the Syriac Orthodox Church, and thus the first Christian woman to lead one of Turkey's 30 metropolitan municipalities.
Early life and education
Born to a silversmith and baptized as Fabronia Benno she studied Aramean language at the Artuklu University in Mardin. While she was still studying at the University pursuing her master's degree, she was asked by politicians of the Peace and Democracy Party to become a candidate for the mayorship of Mardin together with the Kurdish politician Ahmet Türk. It was the imprisoned Abdullah Öcalan who suggested that a female Syriac should run for the co-mayorship in Mardin. She first had doubts due to the Kurdish role in the Armenian and Assyrian genocides but Türk, who as one of the first Kurds who apologized to the Armenian and Assyrian communities, eventually compelled her to run.
Political career
Akyol had to run for office with the Turkish name Februniye Akyol, due to long-standing limitations for the cultures and languages of ethnic and religious minorities in Turkey. Assyrians are not recognized as a Turkish religious minority, nor are they permitted to teach the Syriac language. The Turkish constitution prohibits the use of other languages other than Turkish in both public and private schools. Put forward as a candidate by the BDP two months before the elections, she was elected co-mayor in the municipal elections on the 30 March 2014. The BDP splits all top posts between a man and a woman to boost female participation in politics. On the 17 November 2016 she and Ahmet Türk was dismissed as the Co-Mayors of Mardin.
References
Women mayors of places in Turkey
Mayors of places in Turkey
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Syriac Orthodox Christians
Turkish Christians
People from Mardin
21st-century Turkish women politicians
Assyrians in Turkey
Assyrian politicians
Olivia Rosenthal (born 1965 in Paris) is a French novelist. She won the Candide Preis in 2009, and her novel Que font les rennes après Noël ? (2010) won the Prix du Livre Inter in 2011.
References
1965 births
Living people
French writers
French novelists
Mary Russell Vick OBE (1922–2012) was a mathematician, field hockey player, and administrator. She won Oxford Blues in several sports and toured the US as part of the England Hockey team. She was President of the England Women's Hockey Association. She was the first chair of the Great Britain Women's Olympic Hockey Board.
Career
Russell Vick (née de Putron) was born on 16 July 1922 in Guernsey. Her father held the office of Jurat of the Royal Court of Guernsey and was in charge of food and fuel on the island during the wartime occupation. She was sent to boarding school in Bexhill, where her aunt had a school. She excelled at all sports from an early age, playing in the junior tennis championships of Great Britain at Wimbledon in 1938. She played for the University of Oxford hockey team for four seasons whilst studying Mathematics at Somerville College between 1940 and 1943. She won further Blues in lawn tennis, cricket and squash and also excelled at athletics.
From 1946 she played hockey for Sussex and in January 1947 she was selected to play territorial hockey for the South. Shortly afterwards she was selected to play for the England women's hockey team. That team toured the US in 1947. Fellow players were Bridget and Barbara Winifred West. Known for her athleticism and style on the pitch, she was a prolific goal scorer; scoring 70 goals in 30 international matches until her retirement in 1953.
Vick later served as president of the England Women's Hockey Association from 1976 to 1986. She was the first chair of the Great Britain Women's Olympic Hockey Board. She was appointed an OBE for services to hockey administration in 1980.
References
External links
AEWHA (Hockey) Collection at the University of Bath Library
The Hockey Museum
English female field hockey players
Alumni of Somerville College, Oxford
1922 births
2012 deaths
Guernsey sportswomen
Graphium decolor is a butterfly found in the Philippines and Sabah, Malaysia, that belongs to the swallowtail family.
Subspecies
G. d. decolor (Philippines: Balabac, Calamian, Palawan)
G. d. atratus (Rothschild, 1895) (Philippines: Mindoro)
G. d. neozebraica Page, 1987 (Philippines: Bohol, Leyte, Luzon, Marinduque, Masbate, Negros, Panaon, Panay, Polillo, Samar, Siquijor, Ticao)
G. d. sibuyana Page, 1987 (Philippines: Sibuyan)
G. d. tigris (Semper, 1892)
G. d. rebeccae (Page & Treadaway, 2003) (Philippines: Camiguin de Luzon)
G. d. jamesi (Page & Treadaway, 2003) (Philippines: Sibutu, Sanga Sanga)
References
Page M. G.P & Treadaway,C. G. 2003 Schmetterlinge der Erde, Butterflies of the world Part XVII (17), Papilionidae IX Papilionidae of the Philippine Islands. Edited by Erich Bauer and Thomas Frankenbach Keltern: Goecke & Evers; Canterbury: Hillside Books.
External links
External images
Butterflies described in 1888
decolor
Butterflies of Asia
Taxa named by Otto Staudinger
The Marañón thrush (Turdus maranonicus) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found in far southern Ecuador and northern Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Marañón thrush
Marañón thrush
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Marañón thrush
Marañón thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Stakhanov may refer to:
Stakhanov (surname), a Russian surname
Stakhanov, Ukraine, a city in Ukraine
Stakhanov coal mine, Ukraine
Stakhanov Railway Car Building Works, Ukraine
See also
Stakhanovite movement, diligent and enthusiastic workers in the former Soviet Union
Alexey Stakhanov, the model Stakhanovite
Voyles is an English surname, of Welsh origin. It is a variant of Voyle. Notable people with the surname include:
Brad Voyles (born 1976), American baseball player
Carl M. Voyles (1898–1982), American football coach
Phil Voyles (1900–1972), American baseball player
Scott Voyles (born 1980), American conductor
William Voyles (1741–1798), American Revolutionary War soldier
English-language surnames
Lisa is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 943 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Gulf Indian School (GIS) is an English medium school in Fahaheel, Kuwait. It is operated by the Al-Faisal Educational Est. Co. The Gulf Indian School, Kuwait is recognized by the Ministry of Education, Kuwait. It is a member of the 'Council of CBSE Affiliated Schools in the Gulf'. The school was established in 1993. It has classes from Kindergarten to class XII and the medium of education is English.
About the School
Mr. Ghazi Faisal Al-Dabbous is the Chairman of Al-Faisal Educational Est. Co and Shyamala Divakaran the first principal of the school.
Languages
Lessons are conducted in English; Hindi is the compulsory second language till the eighth grade, after which French is offered as an option. Arabic is taught as a third language from 2nd grade till the 8th grade.
Syllabus
The school is recognized by the Ministry of Education, Kuwait and affiliated to the National Council of Educational Research and Training, New Delhi (Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi) . The school follows the curriculum and syllabus of CBSE, New Delhi. The school prepares students for the India Secondary School Examination (Class X) and the India Senior Secondary Certificate Examination (Class XII).
References
1. School's website
External links
Indian international schools in Kuwait
Private schools in Kuwait
1993 establishments in Kuwait
Educational institutions established in 1993
"Chapter Fifty-Eight: In Memoriam" is the first episode of the fourth season of Riverdale and the fifty-eighth overall. The episode was directed by Gabriel Correa and written by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa. It originally aired on October 9, 2019 and according to Nielsen Media Research was watched by 1.14 million viewers.
Acting as a stand-alone episode, it features the death of Fred Andrews (Luke Perry) and acts as a tribute to his actor, who died of a stroke in March earlier that year. The episode centres on Archie (KJ Apa) going to the nearby town of Cherry Creek to bring his father's body back to Riverdale after he is killed in a hit and run.
Plot
As the town of Riverdale prepares to hold its first Independence Day parade since the death of Jason Blossom three years prior, Jason's sister Cheryl (Madelaine Petsch) attempts to cancel the festivities. Meanwhile, Archie Andrews (KJ Apa) receives a phone call that his father Fred was killed in a hit and run in the nearby town of Cherry Creek. Archie's girlfriend Veronica Lodge (Camila Mendes) offers to cover the funeral costs, but the funeral director informs him that the body cannot be transported to Riverdale until after the parade. After suffering a nightmare, Archie asks Veronica, Betty Cooper (Lili Reinhart), and Jughead Jones (Cole Sprouse) to drive with him to Cherry Creek and retrieve the body themselves.
The funeral director informs Archie that he cannot release the body without adult permission, which they receive from Archie's mother (Molly Ringwald). Afraid of facing the reality of his father's death, he asks Betty and Veronica to identify the body and Jughead to write the obituary. Later that day, the group goes to retrieve Fred's truck at the site of his death, and they find a woman (Shannen Doherty) on the side of the road. She explains that Fred had stopped to help her when her car broke down, and that he had pushed her out of the way of the speeding car that had killed him. The group prays together and leaves flowers on the roadside.
Archie becomes angry, both at his father for sacrificing himself, and at himself for not being there. Sheriff FP Jones (Skeet Ulrich) calls Archie and informs him that the driver who killed his father, a Cherry Creek resident named George Augustine, was released on bail. Archie finds Augustine's address and threatens him. George's son Jeffrey appears and reveals that he had been the hit and run driver, and that his father had taken the blame because Jeffrey did not have a driver's license. Archie forgives them, realizing that his father would have done the same for him, and Veronica assures Archie that Fred would be proud of him.
As the group drives back to Riverdale, with Archie and Veronica in the hearse and Betty and Jughead in Fred's truck, they find that the Independence Day parade has been transformed into a celebration of Fred. At the funeral, Archie delivers a speech where he remembers lighting fireworks with his father in their backyard. The night concludes with Archie and his friends recreating the backyard fireworks mentioned in Fred's eulogy.
Production
Luke Perry's death came in the middle of the production of the third season in March 2019, and executive producer and showrunner Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa explained that they had made the decision to not address his death in season three as to not "sandwich it in between all the other plots". In June 2019 Aguirre-Sacasa announced that the season 4 premiere would be a tribute episode to Perry.
Production for the episode began early July 2019, and the month before, it was revealed that Perry's Beverly Hills, 90210 co-star and friend Shannen Doherty would make an appearance. Aguirre-Sacasa knew early on they wanted to include her in the episode, something that Perry had been attempting to do before. He explained, regarding her casting and role as the woman Fred saves, that he wanted someone Perry knew and cared about. Doherty explained that she only took on the role after receiving permission from Perry's family and manager. Aguirre-Sacasa also knew that they wanted Fred's death to be a heroic one that would impact Archie. They decided early on that the episode would not start any of the plots for the season, and would act as a standalone episode focused on Fred's death. Aquirre-Scasa said that he got inspiration for the tribute episode from the Friday Night Lights episode "The Son", which involved the death of a football players father. As well, Perry's family provided the show with photographs and video footage that was used during the episode, and were allowed to read the script before production began.
Aguirre-Sacasa described the table read for the episode as emotional, as it was the first time the cast was together following Perry's death. Regarding filming, Skeet Ulrich, who portrays F.P. Jones, described it as difficult, and though they wanted to honor Perry, it was difficult to perform. Molly Ringwald, who portrays Perry's on-screen wife, Mary Andrews, described the episode as "cathartic", as she was not able to attend Perry's memorial, and it allowed her to say good-bye to him. KJ Apa, who plays Perry's on-screen son Archie, recalled it being "a tough one because you have to kind of go back in time a little bit and go back and access that emotion again."
Reception
Ratings
In the United States, the episode received a 0.4/2 percent share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49, meaning that it was seen by 0.4 percent of all households, and 2 percent of all of those watching television at the time of the broadcast. It was watched by 1.14 million viewers. At the time of airing, the episode garnered the highest ratings since the season three episode, "Chapter Forty-Six: The Red Dahlia", which garnered 1.26 million viewers.
Critical response
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the episode holds an approval rating of 100% based on 14 reviews, and an average rating of 9.47/10. The site's critics consensus reads: "Bittersweet and beautiful, "In Memoriam" is a loving tribute to the beloved Luke Perry -- a fitting sendoff for one of TVs favorite dads."
The episode received unanimous acclaim, with critics praising how the show handled Perry's death. Alexis Nedd from Mashable praised "the level of care that went into crafting the season premiere." She acknowledged the difficulty in watching some of the scenes because the emotions portrayed on screen mirrored those of the cast. Molly Fitzpatrick of Vulture and Samantha Highfill of Entertainment Weekly both gave positive reviews, calling the episode a fitting and beautiful tribute
Charles Bramesco of The A.V. Club gave the episode an A−, praising the show for its handling of the topic, complimenting the "foundation of earnest emotion in the response of the viewers at home, and the same goes for the performances from the actors who've parted with one of their own", singling out KJ Apa's performance in particular. In his review for Decider, Alex Zalben praised the episode for its "decision to put the viewer in Archie's shoes" by showing him grappling with his father's death. Laura Bradley of Vanity Fair praised the way the show handled the plot, focusing more on the emotions of the characters. In her review for The Washington Post, Sonia Rao praised how Riverdale "shed its campy neo-noir skin" to honor Perry and his character, and "instead [adopted] a more earnest tone to highlight the qualities that defined Fred." Geoff Boucher of Deadline Hollywood complimented Riverdale on being a "compelling fiction tailored to contain emotional real-life resonance", and praised the "heartfelt and burnished" tribute.
References
External links
2019 American television episodes
Riverdale (2017 TV series) episodes
Fiction set in 2019
Independence Day (United States) television episodes
Television episodes about funerals
Ruslan Mamilov (1928-1993) was an Ingush painter and sculptor. He was an Honored Artist of the Chechen-Ingush ASSR.
Biography
Ruslan Izrailovich Mamilov was born November 7, 1928 in Ordzhonikidze, Ingush Autonomous Oblast. Nationality - Ingush.
1952 - started working in the studio of People's Artist of the Kirghiz SSR O.M. Manuilova.
1954 - worked in the Kyrgyz artistic production workshops Frunze.
In 1956 he enrolled in the Almaty Art School at the Sculpture Department, the following year he transferred to the Tbilisi Art School, where he graduated with distinction in 1958.
1958 - Work of Art and the foundry workshop at the Art Foundation of Georgia. 1960 - work in the Art Fund of the Kazakh SSR, Alma-Ata. 1962 - work in sculpture studio plant road signs of the Kazakh SSR.
1966 - Sculptor in the workshops of the Art Fund of the Russian Federation Chechen-Ingush branch.
1967 - participation in the Russian youth exhibition "The Soviet South" in Krasnodar.
1968 - completed work on a monumental Monument firefighter who died while fighting fires from the Nazi air raids on Grozny, in the same year became a member of the Union of Artists of the USSR.
1970 - awarded the medal "For Valiant Labor".
1971 - elected Chairman of the Board of the Union of Artists Chechen-Ingush ASSR, in the same year was awarded the medal "for valor".
In 1972 he was elected a delegate to the III Congress of Artists of the RSFSR, in the next year - a delegate of the IV Congress of Artists in 1973 - elected member of the Central Auditing Commission of the Union of Artists of the USSR.
In 1990 he was awarded the title "Honored Artist of the Chechen-Ingush ASSR".
Ruslan Izrailovich Mamilov was buried on February 25, 1993 in the village of Ezmi Dzheyrakhsky District Ingushetia at the family cemetery Ingush teip Mamilov`s.
Gallery
Posthumous recognition
In the village of Dzheirakh of Ingushetia one of the streets was named in honor of Ruslan Mamilov. There also operates the house-museum of Ruslan Mamilov, opened in 2005.
External links
Biography of Ruslan Mamilov
"Thank you for what was and is ..." - Article about Ruslan Mamilov on the official website of the President of Ingushetia
Ruslan Mamilov Street in the Dzheirakh village of Ingushetia on maps Google Maps
Reporting on the house-museum of Ruslan Mamilov online TV channel "Ingushetia"
"In the stone breathed life" - an article in the Ingush newspaper Serdalo
Ingush people
20th-century Russian sculptors
20th-century Russian male artists
1928 births
1993 deaths
Mistassini is a former town, now part of the city of Dolbeau-Mistassini in the Canadian province of Quebec.
Mistassini may also refer to:
Mistassini River
Mistassini Lake
See also
Mistissini, a First Nations reserve
The Scottish Urban Archaeological Trust Ltd. (abbreviated SUAT) is an archaeological company. It was formed in 1982, replacing the Urban Archaeology Unit, itself established four years earlier. Based in Perth, Scotland, the Trust operates the monitoring and excavation of redevelopment in Scotland's medieval burghs.
Background
In the early days of the Trust's existence, large parts of its work was funded through a combination of Manpower Services Commission schemes and funding from SDD Ancient Monuments. After local authorities were reorganised in the 1990s, including the appointment of local-authority archaeologists, the funding for the monitoring project was brought to an end. SUAT shifted its work to concentrate on developed-funded archaeology, along with undertaking funded research projects from Historic Scotland's (now Historic Environment Scotland) archaeology programme.
Projects
In 1997, when proposals were made to dismantle and rebuild the eastern wall of Perth's Greyfriars Burial Ground, two test pits were dug by the Trust. One of the pits found what is believed to be the original monastery wall foundations. A "succession of wall foundations" hinted at several wall replacement and repair efforts undertaken during the monastery's lifespan, each raising the ground level. Medieval pottery was also discovered, likely associated with the soil of lower garden abutting the original monastery wall. The other pit demonstrated a lack of a progression of wall foundations, confirming that that area was inside the 1795 graveyard extension and outside the original monastery grounds. The second pit also showed signs of infilling or levelling layers, possibly from when a burn, which ran along the burial ground's southern wall, was covered with soil.
Publications
Perth: The Archaeology of the Medieval Town (1984)
References
External links
Scottish Urban Archaeological Trust Ltd – Archaeology Data Service
Companies of Scotland
1982 establishments in Scotland
Organizations established in 1982
Archaeological organizations
Organisations based in Perth, Scotland
Chautara Sangachowkgadi is a municipality in Sindhupalchowk District in Bagmati Province of central Nepal. The municipality was established on 18 May 2014 by merging Pipaldanda, Chautara, Kubhinde, Sanusiruwari Village Development Committees as Chautara Municipality. Later on 2017 it was expended again merging Sangachok, Thulo Sirubari, Kadambas, Irkhu, Batase and Syaule Village Development Committees to form Chautara Sangachowkgadi Municipality. It is now divided to 14 wards. This is the district headquarters of the Sindhupalchowk District. The municipality stands at the elevation of approximately 1,600 m above sea level. Religious and cultural festivities form a major part of the lives of people residing in Chautara. There are people of various religious beliefs, Hinduism, Buddhism and Christianity as well, giving Chautara a cosmopolitan culture. Nepali is the most commonly spoken language in the municipality. Likewise, Newari and other languages such as Tamang is also spoken as the Newars and Tamangs dominate the settlement in population.
Geography
Chautara is located in the northern part of Nepal and covers an area of around 50 square kilometers. The average elevation is 1,600 metres above sea level. Chautara is in the Deciduous Monsoon Forest Zone, one of five vegetation zones defined for Nepal. The dominant tree species in this zone are oak, pine, beech, maple and others, with coniferous trees at higher altitude.
Ethnic groups
The largest ethnic groups are Sherpa, Newar, Brahmin, Chhetri, Gurung, Magars, Tamang, etc. The major languages are Newar, Tamang, Nepali, Nepal Bhasa and English is understood by majority of people. The major religions are Hinduism, Buddhism and Christianity.
Cuisine
The staple food of the people of Chautara is dal bhat. It consists of rice and lentil soup, generally served with vegetable curries, achar and sometimes chutney. Momo, a type of Nepali version of Tibetan dumpling, has become prominent in Chautara with many street vendors selling it. It is one of the most popular fast foods in Chautara. Various Nepali variants of momo including buff momo, chicken momo, and vegetarian momo are famous in Chautara. However, the practice of vegetarianism is not uncommon, and vegetarian cuisines can be found throughout the city. Buff (meat of water buffalo) is very common. The chief breakfast for locals and visitors is mostly Momo or Chowmein.
Festivals
The festivities such as the Loshar, Dashain, Tihar, Shivratri and many more are observed by all Hindu and Buddhist communities of Chautara. Some of the traditional festivals observed in Chautara apart from those previously mentioned, are Loshar, Bada Dashain, Tihar, Maghe Sankranti, Naga Panchami, Janai Poornima, Teej/Rishi Panchami, Gaurati Jatra, saune sagrati etc.
Sports
Football and Cricket are the most popular sports among the younger generation in Chautara. The only ground in the city is the Chautara Tudhikhel Ground, a multi-purpose ground used mostly for football matches and cultural events. Several football matches are conducted in this ground every year. Chautara is home to the football clubs such as Chautara Sporting Club (CSC), Star Club, Kshitiz Club, Tol Sudhar etc.
Media
To Promote local culture, Chautara has two FM radio stations. Radio Sindhu - 105 MHz which is a community radio station and the newly established Radio Planet - 89.1 MHz situated near the bus park of Chautara. Sundar Shireesh has published a Bihanee Media Homes, Bihanee Times Weekly, www.aksharpati.com, Sindhu Jagaran Weekly and many more Media.
2015 Nepal Earthquake
The town was severely affected by the earthquake on 25 April 2015. Over ninety percent of the homes in the town had been destroyed. The main hospital of the town had collapsed. The town suffered from water shortages. Relief workers and the Nepali army met government officials in Chautara to discuss the emergency response to the humanitarian crisis. However, government officials have stayed out of sight due to the anger of the residents of the town. Dozens of people crowded in front of the administrative office in Chautara, demanding that officials deliver more tents to earthquake survivors sleeping without shelter. The government had tents, but they were not given to the residents of the town.
References
External links
Official website
Populated places in Sindhupalchowk District
Municipalities in Bagmati Province
Nepal municipalities established in 2014
The Kranji State Cemetery (; ; ) is a national cemetery of Singapore. This cemetery is located at Kranji near Kranji War Cemetery.
With an area of , the Kranji State Cemetery is reserved for the burial of persons who have made a significant contribution to Singapore, and is maintained by the National Environment Agency. War graves sections are maintained by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.
Notable burials
Former Presidents of Singapore are buried in the state cemetery.
See also
Death in Singapore
Former cemeteries in Singapore
Mandai Crematorium and Columbarium – resting place of ordinary Singaporeans as well as several presidents, senior cabinet ministers, as well as former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew and his wife Kwa Geok Choo
References
Cemeteries in Singapore
Wale ("house") is one of three islands in the Pukapuka atoll of the Cook Islands. It forms the northern apex of Pukapuka's triangular atoll, and is the only permanently inhabited island. The island is low-lying, with a maximum elevation of 4m above sea level. The three villages of Yato, Loto, and Ngake are located on the island, and regulate the other two islands as food sources.
Niua School is located on Wale.
References
Pukapuka
Donald Adam Royal (born May 22, 1966) is an American former professional basketball player, a 6'8" small forward. He played collegiate basketball at the University of Notre Dame, and was selected by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the third round (52nd overall pick) of the 1987 NBA draft. Royal played in eight NBA seasons for five different teams: Minnesota Timberwolves, San Antonio Spurs, Orlando Magic, Golden State Warriors and Charlotte Hornets.
In his NBA career, Royal played in 504 games and scored a total of 3,161 points. His best period as a professional came during the 1992–93 NBA season as a member of the Magic, appearing in 77 games and averaging 9.2 ppg. He was the starting small forward for part of his season with the 1994–95 Orlando Magic. He appeared in the 1995 NBA Finals with the Magic but played only one minute of Game 1.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Louisiana
Cedar Rapids Silver Bullets players
Charlotte Hornets players
Cleveland Cavaliers draft picks
Golden State Warriors players
Idaho Stampede (CBA) players
Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. players
Minnesota Timberwolves players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball players
Orlando Magic players
San Antonio Spurs players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from New Orleans
St. Augustine High School (New Orleans) alumni
Tri-City Chinook players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Friedrich Emil Rittershaus (3 April 1834 – 8 March 1897) was a German poet.
Biography
He was born in Barmen (now Wuppertal), Germany. His poetry, marked by simple feeling, fine diction, and original matter, won great popularity. He died in Barmen. His daughter, Adeline, was a philologist, scholar, and champion for the equality of women.
Works
The best known of his works are:
Gedichte (Poems; 1856; 8th ed. 1891)
Is Rhein und beim Wein (By the Rhine and with wine; 1884; 3d ed. 1893)
Buch der Leidenschaft (Book of passion; 1886)
In Bruderliebe und Brudertreue (In brotherly love and brotherly fidelity; 1893)
Westfalenlied (Westfalia Anthem; 1886)
Spruchperlen heitrer lebenskunst (Proverbs of cheerful life; 1893)
Notes
References
External links
1834 births
1897 deaths
German poets
German male poets
19th-century poets
19th-century German writers
19th-century German male writers
Chung Cheng High School may refer to the following secondary schools in Singapore:
Chung Cheng High School (Main), in Marine Parade
Chung Cheng High School (Yishun), in Yishun
The is an 8.0 km railway line in the western suburbs of Tokyo operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway. The line connects Musashi-Sakai Station on the Chūō Main Line with Koremasa Station along the Tama River. The line has only six stations and is not connected to any other part of the Seibu Railway system. The line is single-track: trains traveling in opposite directions pass each other as necessary at the stations, which are double-tracked.
Although the line is short, it provides access to the Tokyo University of Foreign Studies, the Tokyo Racecourse, the Ajinomoto Stadium, the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department police school, many cemeteries (including Tokyo's largest, Tama Cemetery), the American School in Japan, and the Tama River.
Stations
Rolling Stock
As of March 2010, the line's services are operated exclusively by a fleet of 16 New 101 Series. These trains are wrapped with different liveries on various occasions. However, the New 101 Series trains typically operate a white livery.
Liveries
Izu Hakone Color
To commemorate the 100th anniversary of the opening of the Tamagawa Line from 2017 to 2018, which coincided with the 100th anniversary of the Izu Hakone Railway, the two lines celebrated by adopting each other's liveries.
Akaden painting
By request from a questionnaire at the 100th-anniversary event of the Tamagawa Line, from January 24, 2018, Seibu Railway's old livery "Akaden Paint" (red x beige) was used.
Two-tone color
From April 18, 2018, the trains were reprinted with the two-tone color of yellow x beige. The paint color is derived from the livery that was used during the time of the debut of the New 101 series train. The livery was also used before the fleet renewal of 2010, as the Old 101 Series train was featured in the same livery. This livery was the most requested after Akaden painting in the questionnaire at the 100th-anniversary event of Tamagawa Line.
Omi Railway Color (1251 formation)
From July 11, 2018, To commemorate the 120th anniversary of the Ohmi Railway and the 100th anniversary of the Tamagawa line a wrapping featuring the "Mizuumifugo" (light blue) livery was introduced.
Former Rolling Stock
Before the New 101 series, the line's services were operated by the Old 101 series, which were in use from 1996 to 2010. These trains originally were introduced as "One-Man" (ワンマン) services. Prior to the One-Man train service on the New 101 Series The following trains were also used: The 401 series, 701 series, which had been transferred from the Shinjuku line system to the Tamagawa line, and the 451 series, 551 series, and the 571 series, which were called Akaden trains due to their red and beige livery.
History
The first section of the line, between Musashi-Sakai and Kita-Tama Station (present-day Shiraitodai Station), opened on 22 October 1917. The line was extended to Koremasa on 20 June 1922. In 1927, the company was absorbed by the Seibu Railway. The entire line was electrified in 1950. Freight operations ceased in 1967.
References
This article incorporates material from the corresponding article in the Japanese Wikipedia.
External links
Seibu-Tamagawa Line Guide: information on stations and their neighbours, tickets, and transfers in both English and Japanese
Railway lines in Tokyo
Tamagawa Line
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
Railway lines opened in 1917
Cameraria quercivorella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ontario, Quebec, and Nova Scotia in Canada and Kentucky, Florida, Georgia, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, New York, Texas, Vermont and Illinois in the United States.
The wingspan is 6.5–7 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus obtusiloba, Quercus rubra and Quercus stellata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Bug Guide
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1879
Taxa named by Vactor Tousey Chambers
Leaf miners
Lepidoptera of the United States
Lepidoptera of Canada
Moths of North America
Dereceören is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 143 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
The 32nd Yukon Legislative Assembly began on October 10, 2006. The Yukon Party Government led by Dennis Fentie was sustained holding a small majority of seats.
Membership in the 32nd Assembly
Standings change since the 2006 general election
Membership changes
References
External links
Yukon Legislature
Yukon Legislative Assemblies
Lists of people from Yukon
Yukon politics-related lists
Sigi Regency is a regency of Central Sulawesi, Indonesia. It lies upstream on the Palu River, and immediately south of Palu city, the provincial capital. It covers an area of 5,196.02 km2 and had a population of 215,030 at the 2010 Census and 239,421 at the 2020 Census; the official estimate as at mid 2021 was 261,676. The principal town lies at Sigi Biromaru.
Sigi Regency was one of the areas in northwest Sulawesi most affected by the 2018 earthquake and tsunami in Sulawesi. Dozens of people were reported to have been killed by the earthquake and there were reports of "massive liquification" which caused homes to be swept away.
Conflicts
Following religious conflicts in the neighbouring Poso Regency, the Indonesia government mounted Operation Tinombala in early 2016 to combat local terrorist activities carried out by the East Indonesia Mujahiddin (Mujahiddin Indonesian Timur, or MIT) in the province. In late November 2020, there were indications that the conflict had spread into Sigi Regency when four residents of remote Lembantongoa village were killed in an apparent terrorist attack attributed to MIT. Indonesia's senior Coordinating Political, Legal and Security Minister Mahfud MD issued a statement saying that the government was committed to tracking down those responsible for the murders and the accompanying destruction.
Administrative Districts
The Sigi Regency was divided at 2010 into fifteen districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and 2020 Census, together with the official estimates as at mid 2021.
References
Regencies of Central Sulawesi
Presidential elections were held in Cyprus on 17 February 2013. A runoff was held on 24 February 2013. Nicos Anastasiades of Democratic Rally won the election. The other candidates were Stavros Malas of the Progressive Party of Working People (AKEL); Praxoula Antoniadou of the United Democrats; Lakis Ioannou with the support of LASOK; Loukas Stavrou; ELAM's Giorgos Charalambous, Giorgos Lillikas of Movement for Social Democracy (EDEK); and independents Andreas Efstratiou, Makaria-Andri Stylianou, Kostas Kyriacou(Outopos) and Solon Gregoriou. Although the president Demetris Christofias was not term-limited, he did not seek re-election in 2013.
Timeline of the 2013 presidential election
2012
February
11 February: At the Pancypriot Convention of DISY, Nicos Anastasiades confirms his intention to run for president
March
17 March: The Supreme Council of DISY approves Nicos Anastasiades as the candidate of the party over MEP Eleni Theocharous
April
6 April : Giorgos Lillikas, Former Minister of Foreign Affairs of the island, runs for president as an independent candidate
June
6 June: DIKO, Ecological and Environmental Movement, Evroko and EDEK fail to form a coalition of "National Unity"
21 June: The Central Committee of AKEL suggests to the Pancypriot Convention of the party, Stavros Malas
July
21 July: The members of the Pan-Cypriot Convention of AKEL officially back Stavros Malas
27 July: The Central Committee and the Supreme Bureau of EDEK officially back Giorgos Lillikas
August
30 August: DISY and DIKO agree for corporation. The Central Committee of DIKO determines its decision in mid-September
September
7 September: Stavros Malas runs officially as a presidential candidate with the support of AKEL
25 September: DIKO's Executive Bureau officially suggests to the Central Committee of the party to back Nicos Anastasiades
27 September: DIKO's Central Committee decides for the election (officially backs Anastasiades)
October
7 October : The members of the Pan-Cypriot Convention of the Ecological and Environmental Movement decide for the election
15 October : Stavros Malas resigns as Minister of Health caused by his duty as a candidate
17 October : Evroko's Executive Bureau decides that the party should not back any of the candidates
November
3 November : Evroko's Central Council decides for the election (1st choice: to accept Executive Bureau's decision; 2nd choice: to deny the Bureau's plan and hold a Pan-Cypriot Convention)
4 November : An electoral conference is held by the Ecological and Environmental Movement to make the decision official
2013
January
2 January: Last day for the voters to register
14 January: The first presidential debate is held
18 January: The names of the candidates of the election are announced by the Central Electoral Service
28 January: The second presidential debate is held
February
11 February: The third presidential debate is held
17 February: Election Day:
7 am : voting process starts
6 pm : voting process ends
8 30 pm : The results are official
24 February : Second round
Announcements of candidates and support for the first round
DISY
The first candidate who confirmed the intention to be the candidate of his party was DISY's Nicos Anastasiades on 11 February 2012 at the Pancypriot Convention of the party. The Supreme Council of DISY (on 17 March) had to choose between Nicos Anastasiades and MEP, Eleni Theocharous. The council voted in favour of Nicos Anastasiades with 673 votes (86.73%) and Eleni Theocharous with 103 votes (13.27%).
AKEL
When president Christofias decided not to be seeking re-election for February 2013, in late July AKEL's Central Committee decided to suggest Minister of Health Stavros Malas to be the candidate of the party. On 21 July 2012 the Pancypriot Convention of AKEL voted in favour of Stavros Malas with 1183 votes (92.3%), against 81 (6.3%) and 17 abstentions (1.3%). Stavros Malas confirmed his candidacy with the support of AKEL on 7 September. On 15 October he resigned as Minister of Health .
Coalition attempt – EDEK
After a failed attempt by DIKO, Evroko, Ecological and Environmental Movement and EDEK to form a coalition, known as Intermediate political space (gr:Ενδιάμεσος πολιτικός χώρος- Endiamesos politikos horos), EDEK decided to back independent candidate Giorgos Lillikas ( who had already confirmed his candidacy on 6 April) on 27 July at the Central Committee of the party.
DIKO
DIKO had two plans on the table. The first was to back Nicos Anastasiades and the second to back a candidate from DIKO. After the talks on 30 August between Nicos Anastasiades and the president of DIKO Marios Garoyian, the two leaders agreed for cooperation. On 25 September the Executive Bureau of DIKO officially suggested the Central Committee to back Anastasiades. At the Central Committee on 27 September 117 members voted in-favour of Anastasiades (81.9%), 27 against and 2 abstained. The two parties had also talks with other parties such as Evroko and the Ecological and Environmental Movement to create and broaden a coalition of "National Unity".
Evroko
Evroko was between to choose either Anastasiades or Lillikas. On 27 September (DIKO's decision day) president of Evroko Demetris Syllouris, had talks with Nicos Anastasiades and most possible scenario was to back DISY. Although, on 17 October Evroko's Executive Bureau decided not to back any of the candidates. At the Central Council, on 3 November, it had to be decided either the acceptance of EB's decision or denial. 75% of the members of the party voted in-favour of EB's decision and 25% against. The members can vote any of the two candidates (Lillikas-Anastasiades) they want.
Ecological and Environmental Movement
The Movement's Convention was held on 7 October. The members had the opportunity to decide which candidate would be backed by the Movement. The results were split between Lillikas and Anastasiades. Lillikas got 45% and Anastasiades 40%. An electoral conference was scheduled to be held on 4 November where the decision was going to be determined. The Movement would back the candidate who obtained 60% of the vote. Although no candidate obtained 60% of the vote and so the voters of the Movement can vote any of the candidates they want.(like Evroko did)
Candidates and supporting parties
Eleven candidates were approved to participate in the elections. Each candidate had to be recommended by one Cypriot citizen and supported by eight more.
1st round
All the names of the candidates were announced on 18 January. The names are:
Nicos Anastasiades, supported by DISY, DIKO, Social Alliance – Evroko, Ecological and Environmental Movement (part)
Stavros Malas, supported by AKEL
Giorgos Lillikas, supported by EDEK, Ecological and Environmental Movement (part)
Lakis Ioannou, supported by LASOK
Praxoula Antoniadou, supported by EDI
Giorgos Charalambous, supported by ELAM
Loukas Stavrou, supported by EDIK
Andreas Efstratiou
Makaria-Andri Stylianou
Solon Gregoriou
Kostas Kyriacou (Outopos)
2nd round
Nicos Anastasiades, supported by DISY, DIKO, Evroko
Stavros Malas, supported by AKEL
Announcements of support for the second round
Evroko
After the elimination of Giorgos Lillikas in the first round, Evroko decided to back Nicos Anastasiades.
Ecological and Environmental Movement
The Movement chose to keep the first decision.
EDEK
When Lillikas didn't pass to the second round, the Executive Bureau decided not to endorse any of the remaining candidates. In contrast with EDEK, the Party of European Socialists (mother European political party of EDEK) endorsed Malas. This endorsement brought anger to some EDEK's MP.
Orthodox Church of Cyprus
The Archbishop of the Church of Cyprus, Chrysostomos II, endorsed Nicos Anastasiades at the second round.
Main topics
Debates
Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation had talks with all the spokespersons of the candidates. Lillikas and Malas wanted four debates, three before the first round and one before the second. Anastasiades wanted three (two for the first round and one for the second) because he believed that four debates would "harm the image" of the candidates. In a meeting with spokespersons of four large Cypriot media networks (Mega, ANT1, Sigma, RIK), it was proposed to hold five debates. In two debates all candidates would participate. The other three debates would be double, which means that they would be between two participants (Anastasiades-Malas, Malas-Lillikas, Anastasiades-Lillikas). However, on 7 November it was decided that three debates were going to be held before the first round and one before a possible second round.
The debates were held on 14 and 28 January and 11 February. The fourth and last presidential debate was held on 22 February. The structure of the debates was:
First presidential debate's subject of discussion was the Cypriot economy.
Second presidential debate's subject of discussion was the Cyprus dispute.
The third presidential debate's subject was the economy and domestic affairs of the island.
2-hour-long debates.
20-second-long questions and 2-minute-long answers. Furthermore, journalists could ask a 15-second-long sub-question and candidates had 30-second-long answers.
At the end of each section candidates had a minute to comment other candidates' positions.
Guinness World Records logo dispute
On 29 January, the independent candidate Andreas Efstratiou was accused (by an anonymous citizen) of using the logo of Guinness World Records without the permission of the corporation. The logo was printed on the ballot slip of the election. Efstratiou has been a holder of a Guinness World Record since 2007, when he created the longest wedding-gown train in the world. All the 545,180 ballot slips were destroyed and new ballot slips, without the logo, were printed. It was announced that €40,000 were wasted. The Central Electoral Service asked Efstratiou to pay at least €15,000. He refused, stating that he had 8 children and cannot afford the cost.
Opinion polls
A collection of opinion polls taken before the elections is listed below. After 9 February 2013, no opinion poll was allowed to be published.
Comparative results (only valid votes)
RAI Consultants
Evresis
Noverna
Prime Consulting Ltd
CMR Cypronetwork/Cybc
Results and reaction
On 24 February, Nicos Anastasiades won the presidential election with 57.48% of the vote; his opponent Stavros Malas received the remaining 42.52%. Of 545,000 eligible voters, 412,000 cast a ballot for one of the two candidates. In addition, the 81% turnout was lower than expected. It is believed that many people cast blank ballots or refused to vote out of protest. A week earlier, Anastasiades had won 45% of the first round vote with Malas receiving 27%, necessitating a second round of voting since no candidate received a strong majority of the votes. In that round, Giorgos Lillikas won 24% of the vote and eight minor candidates received under 1% each.
By district
National:
Nicosia:
Famagusta:
Larnaka:
Limassol:
Paphos:
Abroad:
Reactions
Anastasiades' victory led to celebrations in the nation's capital of Nicosia and boosted hopes of reaching a financial bailout deal with international banks. Economist Stelios Platis remarked "I would expect the markets, and business, to welcome Anastasiades's victory because he knows the rules of the game very well." However, political analyst Alexander White said immediate resolution to Cyprus' debt problems was unlikely. Agence France-Presse remarked that Anastasiades represented a stark contrast to the outgoing government and speculated that "his perceived bias towards big business may put him on a collision course with influential and powerful trade unions". In his concession speech, Malas pledged to support Anastasiades "in actions and politics that we believe are followed for the good of the country".
Aftermath
Anastasiades was sworn in on 28 February 2013 and assumed power on 1 March.
References
External links
Ministry of Interior – Central Electoral Service
Presidential elections in Cyprus
Cyprus
2013 in Cyprus
2010s in Cypriot politics
February 2013 events in Europe
Romeo is an Italian masculine given name. It arose from the Greek Ρομαιος for a Roman citizen or a pilgrim to Rome. The popularity of the name is primarily due to Luigi da Porto naming his tragic hero Romeo Montecchi in his 1524 novel Giulietta e Romeo, 70 years later adapted by Shakespeare into the play Romeo and Juliet. People with this name include:
Romeo Acop (born c.1948), Filipino politician
Romeo Acquarone (1895–1980), Monegasque tennis player
Roméo Affessi (born 1984), Ivory Coast-born footballer
Romeo Alaeff (born 1970), American visual artist
Romeo Anaya (1946–2015), Mexican boxer
Romeo Antoniazzi (1862–1925), Italian violin maker
Romeo Bandison (born 1971), Dutch American-football defensive tackle
Roméo Beaudry (1882–1932), French Canadian author, composer, pianist and record producer
Romeo Beckham (born 2002), son of David and Victoria Beckham
Romeo Bégin (1895–?), Canadian (Ontario) politician
Romeo Benetti (born 1945), Italian football defender
Romeo Bertini (1893–1973), Italian long-distance runner
Romeo Bezușcu (born 1964), Romanian rugby player
Romeo Roy Blanchette (1913–1982), American Roman Catholic Bishop
Romeo T. Boisvert (1916–1981), American (Maine) Democratic politician
Romeo Bosetti (1879–1948), Italian-born French actor and screenwriter
Romeo Bragato (1859–1913), Italian-born Australian and New Zealand winemaker
Romeo A. Brawner (1935–2008), Filipino public official
Romeo Brin (born 1973), Filipino boxer
Romeo Bunică (born 1974), Romanian football forward
Romeo Munoz Cachola (born 1938), Philippines-born American (Hawaii) politician
Roméo Calenda (born 1972), French football
Romeo Callejo Sr. (born 1937), Filipino Supreme Court Justice
Romeo Cascarino (1922–2002), American classical composer
Romeo Castelen (born 1983), Dutch football winger
Romeo Castellucci (born 1960), Italian theatre director, playwright and designer
Romeo Challenger (born 1950), Caribbean-born, British-based musician
Romeo Corbo (born 1952), Uruguayan football striker
Romeo Crennel (born 1947), American football coach
Romeo de la Cruz (born 1936), Filipino lawyer
Roméo Dallaire (born 1946), Canadian senator, general, humanitarian and author
Romeo Diaz (born 1940s), Filipino film score composer
Romeo Doubs (born 2000), American football player
Romeo Elton (1817–1889), American academic and author
Romeo Fernandes (born 1992), Indian football winger
Romeo Filipović (born 1986), German-born Croatian football player
Roméo Fortin (1886–1953), Canadian (Quebec) politician
Romeo H. Freer (1846–1913), American (West Virginia) politician and Attorney General
Roméo Gagné (1905–1959), Canadian (Quebec) politician
Romeo Galán (born 1933), Argentine sprinter
Romeo Gigli (born 1949), Italian fashion designer
Romeo Gontineac (born 1973), Romanian rugby player
Romeo A. Horton (1923–2005), Americo-Liberian banker
Romeo James (born 1958), Indian field hockey player
Romeo Jenebyan (born 1979), Armenian football midfielder
Romeo Johnson (born c.1970), American singer-songwriter, composer, and vocal coach
Romeo Jozak (born 1972), Croatian football player and coach
Romeo Kambou (born 1980), Burkinabé football striker
Romeo Kapudija (born 1970), American-Croatian race car driver
Romeo Kreinberg (born 1950s), American–German business executive
Romeo Lahey (1887–1968), Australian businessman, civil servant and conservationist
Romeo Lamothe (1914–1991), Canadian (Alberta) politician
Romeo Langford (born 1999), American basketball player
Roméo LeBlanc (1928–2009), Canadian journalist, politician, and statesman; Governor General of Canada 1995–99
Romeo Lemboumba (born 1980), Gabonese boxer
Roméo Lorrain (1901–1967), Canadian (Quebec) politician
Romeo Mancini (1917–2003), Italian painter and sculptor
Romeo Mathieu (1917–1989), Canadian trade unionist and progressive political activist
Romeo McKnight (born 1998), American football player
Romeo Menti (1919–1949), Italian footballer
Romeo Miller (born 1989), American rapper, actor, entrepreneur and model
Romeo Mitrović (born 1979), Bosnian-Herzegovinian football goalkeeper
Romeo Montenegro (born 1974), Filipino civil servant and nurse
Romeo Muller (1928–1992), American screenwriter and actor
Romeo Muradyan (born 1979), Armenian actor
Romeo Murga (1904–1925), Chilean poet, writer and translator
Romeo Nedelcu (born 1939), Romanian bobsledder
Romeo Nelson (1902–1974), American boogie woogie pianist
Romeo Neri (1903–1961), Italian gymnast
Romeo Niram (born 1974), Spanish painter
Romeo Okwara (born 1995), American football linebacker
Romeo Olea (1962–2011), Filipino radio commentator
Romeo Oliva (1889–1975), Italian admiral during World War II
Romeo Ortega (born 1954), Mexican-French computer scientist
Romeo Papini (born 1983), Italian football midfielder
Romeo Parkes (born 1990), Jamaican football striker
Romeo Pazzini (1855–1942), Italian sculptor, painter and ceramist
Roméo Phillion (1939–2015), Canadian person wrongfully convicted of murder
Romeo Rivera (born 1939), Filipino actor
Romeo Rivers (1907–1986), Canadian ice hockey player
Romeo Romanutti (1926–2007), Italian basketball player
Romeo Roselli (born 1980), American professional wrestler Johnny Roselli
Roméo Sabourin (1923–1944), Canadian soldier and spy during World War II
Romeo Sacchetti (born 1953), Italian basketball player and coach
Romeo Saganash (born 1961), Canadian Member of Parliament and Shadow Minister
Romeo Santos (born 1981), American bachata singer and songwriter Anthony Santos
Romeo Shahinas (born 1996), Albanian football midfielder
Romeo Sisti (fl. 1928), Italian rower
Romeo Stavarache (born 1962), Romanian mayor
Romeo Stodart (born 1977), Trinidad-born English pop rock musician
Romeo Sukhlian (born 1989), Indian football midfielder
Romeo Surdu (born 1984), Romanian footballer
Romeo Tabuena (1921–2015), Filipino painter and printmaker
Romeo Tan (born 1985), Singaporean actor
Romeo Tanaka (born 1973), Japanese video game designer
Romeo Tanghal (born 1945), Filipino comics artist
Romeo Tirone (born 1960s), American cinematographer and television director
Romeo Travis (born 1984), American-born Macedonian basketball player
Romeo Valentino (born 1968), American professional wrestler and promoter
Romeo Van Dessel (born 1989), Belgian football midfielder
Romeo Vasquez (1939–2017), stage name of Filipino actor Ricardo Sumilang
Romeo Vásquez Velásquez (born 1957), Honduran politician and brigadier general
Romeo Venturelli (1938–2011), Italian racing cyclist
Romeo Wouden (born 1970), Dutch footballer
Romeo Zhivikj (1962–2004), Serbian-Macedonian gangster
Romeo Zondervan (born 1970), Dutch football midfielder
Fictional characters
Romeo Montague, tragic hero of Romeo and Juliet
Romeo Santana, a main character from The Steve Harvey Show
Romeo Smith, character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away
Romeo, one of the evil UniSols in Universal Soldier 2
Romeo Nightingale, a character from the British soap Hollyoaks
See also
Romeo (disambiguation)
Romeu, a Portuguese-language variant
References
Italian masculine given names
Romanian masculine given names
"Should I Feel That It's Over" is a song by English singer Alison Moyet, which was released in 2002 as the lead single from her fifth studio album Hometime. It was also the debut single on Moyet's new label Sanctuary Records. It was written by Moyet and Pete Glenister, and produced by Tim Norfolk and Bob Locke under the name The Insects.
"Should I Feel That It's Over" was Moyet's first single release since 1995. This was caused by a dispute between Moyet and Sony Music Entertainment, her former record label, who wanted her to produce what they saw as more "commercial" music. Hometime was the first album by Moyet to be released on Sanctuary Records. Although the single failed to enter the UK Top 100, it entered the Top 200, peaking at #144.
No promotional video was filmed for the single although Moyet performed the song as part of the coverage of Glastonbury 2003. She also performed the song on the Later... with Jools Holland show along with the follow-up single "Do You Ever Wonder".
The single's two B-Sides, "Tongue Tied" and "Nobody's Darling", were exclusive to the single.
Critical reception
In a review of Hometime, Andy Gill of The Independent felt the song "sounds uncannily like a Coldplay out-take, with Moyet's vocal elision lent grandeur by a dramatic string arrangement". Billboard said the song "is, simply put, today's Moyet giving us classic Moyet". The Orlando Weekly commented on the song's "disaffected lament" and "Spector-esque embellishments [that] knock the chorus into the stratosphere".
Ken Foster of Salon commented: "On "Should I Feel That It's Over," she chastises an emotionally distant partner to a gloriously upbeat melody." Reviewing the 2016 deluxe edition of the album, Paul Scott-Bates of Louder Than War said the song is a "medium paced effort again proudly displaying the voice that we had slowly expected to be incredible and were subsequently never disappointed by." In a 2015 retrospective on Moyet's career, Classic Pop included the song as one of twenty favourites as chosen by the magazine. They described it as a "majestic guitar-based song".
Formats
CD Single (UK release)
"Should I Feel That It's Over" - 4:00
"Tongue Tied" - 3:15
"Nobody's Darling" - 3:39
Chart performance
Personnel
Producer - Tim Norfolk, Bob Locke (The Insects)
Photography – Paul Cox
Art Direction – Bill Smith
Design – Ian Ross for BSS
References
2002 singles
Alison Moyet songs
Songs written by Alison Moyet
Songs written by Pete Glenister
The Working People's Party (; POM) is a centre-left political party in Moldova.
History
The founding congress of the party was held on 23 April 1998, when the party's program and bylaws were adopted. The Working People's Party took part in the 1999 local elections and 2001 parliamentary elections. Ion Țurcanu became the chairman of the party. It used to be known as the "New National Moldovan Party" (; NPNM) and the "Party for the Union of Moldova" (; alternatively the "Political Party for the Union of Moldova", , PpUM). Currently, the president is Serghei Toma.
The Working People's Party tried to participate in the 2020 Moldovan presidential election, but it did not get the necessary number of signatures to be registered.
See also
National Moldavian Party
References
External links
Note that the names used in these links are outdated:
New National Moldovan Party
La Chisinau s-a infiintat Noul Partid National al Moldovenilor
Partidul politic pentru Unirea Moldovei (PpUM)
Political parties in Moldova
Political parties established in 1998
Lastlings are an Australian electronic pop band from Gold Coast, Queensland made up of brother and sister duo Amy and Josh Dowdle. They have performed at Coachella, Spilt Milk, Splendour in the Grass, and The Plot. The duo is well known for their song "Deja Vu", which received high rotation on triple j. Lastlings supported Two Door Cinema Clubs on their Australian national tour.
Career
The project began while Amy was in high school; at the time Josh was studying biomedical science and working in fashion, from the age of 8 he studied classical music. Drummers Dave Jenkins and
Shane Benson are interchangeably added to the band's lineup for live performances.
In 2017 Lastlings embarked on an Australian regional tour with Rüfüs Du Sol, they joined the band nationally in 2019 before supporting them throughout the United States. The same year they featured on triple j's Mix Up program for an hour-long DJ set.
Influences
The band have cited Jamie xx and Nicolas Jaar as influences.
Discography
Studio albums
Remix albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Guest appearances
Remixes
Awards
AIR Awards
The Australian Independent Record Awards (known colloquially as the AIR Awards) is an annual awards night to recognise, promote and celebrate the success of Australia's Independent Music sector.
!
|-
| 2021
| First Contact
| Best Independent Dance or Electronica Album or EP
|
|
|}
Queensland Music Awards
The Queensland Music Awards (previously known as Q Song Awards) are annual awards celebrating Queensland, Australia's brightest emerging artists and established legends. They commenced in 2006.
(wins only)
|-
| 2021
| "Out of Touch" (directed by Dylan Dulcos, Rico Zhang)
| Video Award
|
|-
References
External links
2015 establishments in Australia
Australian electronic music groups
Australian people of Japanese descent
Musical groups established in 2015
Carl Hirschie Johnson is an American-born biologist who researches the chronobiology of different organisms, most notably the bacterial circadian rhythms of cyanobacteria. Johnson completed his undergraduate degree in Honors Liberal Arts at the University of Texas at Austin, and later earned his PhD in biology from Stanford University, where he began his research under the mentorship of Dr. Colin Pittendrigh. Currently, Johnson is the Stevenson Professor of Biological Sciences at Vanderbilt University.
Personal life
Carl Johnson was born in Washington D.C. When he first began college at the University of Texas at Austin, he planned to go to medical school rather than pursue research. However, he quickly developed a passion for research after working as an undergraduate student in a chronobiology lab directed by Dr. Michael Menaker. Johnson asserts that "music led [him] to science," as he originally began his research job with Menaker to pay for classical voice lessons. Classical music has remained a major avocation, as he continues to sing music with the chorus of the Nashville Symphony Orchestra. Also in his free time, he enjoys yoga.
Scientific career
Early career and education
Johnson graduated with a B.A. in Honors Liberal Arts (the Plan II Honors program ) at the University of Texas at Austin in 1976. During this time, he became involved in undergraduate research under the mentorship of Dr. Michael Menaker, whose lab was studying biological clocks in birds and rodents. Johnson's exposure to the practice of experimental research in Dr. Menaker's lab inspired him to go to graduate school instead of following his original plan to become a physician. He went on to earn his Ph.D. in biology in 1982 at Stanford University, first working under the renowned leader in chronobiology, Colin Pittendrigh and then moving to David Epel's laboratory to finish his degree. Subsequently, Johnson conducted postdoctoral work in Cell & Developmental Biology at Harvard University, which he completed in 1987, with Dr. J.W. 'Woody' Hastings (John Woodland Hastings), a biologist famous for his work on bioluminescence in many organisms, including algae. Hastings became a close friend and mentor to Johnson. In 1987, Johnson came to Vanderbilt University to initiate an independent research program, and he has been a biology professor at Vanderbilt since then.
Research beginnings
Johnson's initial foray into research was as an undergraduate in Menaker's lab, which was working on the pineal gland in birds and other chronobiology projects in vertebrates. In graduate school at Stanford under Colin Pittendrigh, Johnson attempted to discover circadian rhythms in a variety of organism such as leeches and cockroaches. He also worked with earthworms to see whether they would completely recover circadian rhythms upon regeneration of lesioned parts of their brains. He also developed a method to measure the pH levels inside cells in search of rhythmic acid/base relationships. However, only one of these projects ultimately resulted in a publication, namely a paper about the clock's control over the pH in the bread mould Neurospora crassa. Johnson switched to David Epel's marine biology lab in his fourth year of graduate school, because their work on the pH change in sea urchin and starfish eggs upon fertilization was an excellent system in which to apply the method he had developed earlier to measure the pH levels inside cells. He successfully published a number of papers on this topic. In his postdoctoral studies with Hastings, Johnson returned to the biological clocks field and worked mainly on rhythms in the bioluminescent alga Gonyaulax polyedra and later in the algal model system for genetics, Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
Major contributions
Circadian system in cyanobacteria
Prior to the late 1980s, most chronobiologists believed that bacteria were too "simple" to express circadian rhythms. Johnson did not accept this dogma, and as early as 1978, he was examining haloarchaea for the possible presence of biological clocks. While the studies of haloarchaea were not productive, when other studies suggested the possibility of circadian rhythms in cyanobacteria, Johnson along with colleagues and collaborators used a luciferase reporter system to prove that Synechococcus elongatus, of the phylum cyanobacteria, showed evidence of daily bacterial circadian rhythms (with circa-24 hour cycles). Synechococcus expressed free-running rhythms, temperature compensation, and ability to entrain, which are the defining properties of circadian rhythms. These organisms also regulate cell division with forbidden and allowed phases. Therefore, Johnson and coworkers challenged the original belief that bacteria do not have daily biological cycles. Moreover, they identified the central elements of the bacterial clock, namely the KaiABC gene cluster, and determined their structure. Currently, the idea that bacterial circadian rhythms exist in at least some prokaryotes is well accepted by the chronobiology community, and prokaryotes are an important model system for studying rhythmicity.
Bioluminescence Resonance Energy Transfer (BRET)
In 1999, Johnson and his team developed and patented a new method of studying the interaction of molecules based on Förster resonance energy transfer (FRET), also known as Fluorescent Resonance Energy Transfer (FRET). They modified the existing technique of FRET so that instead of using light to activate fluorophores attached to the proteins of interest, they employed bioluminescent proteins with luciferase activity. BRET eliminates the need for light excitation and so avoids changes that light generally causes in circadian clocks, such as resetting the clock phase. Because it avoids light excitation (as in the case of FRET), BRET can also be helpful (1) when tissues are autofluorescent, (2) when light excitation causes phototoxicity, photoresponses (as in retina), or photobleaching, and (3) in partnership with optogenetics. This new method for measuring protein-protein interactions gives researchers the ability to develop novel reporters for intracellular calcium and hydrogen ions. This method is projected to be extremely useful for researchers dealing with live cell cultures, cell extracts and purified proteins.
Current work
The Johnson Lab is currently applying biophysical methods to explain how the central bacterial clock proteins (KaiA + KaiB + KaiC) oscillate in vitro. Together with the laboratory of Dr. Martin Egli, Dr. Johnson's lab has led a concerted effort to apply structural biology techniques for insight into circadian clock mechanisms. The lab has also used mutants and codon bias in cyanobacteria to provide the first rigorous evidence for the adaptive significance of biological clocks in fitness. The Johnson lab is expanding the study of bacterial circadian rhythms from cyanobacteria to purple bacteria. Currently the lab is also conducting studies on the circadian system of mammals in vivo and in vitro, by using luminescence as a tool to monitor circadian rhythms in the brain. Finally, Johnson and his lab is studying circadian and sleep phenotypes of mouse models of the serious human neurodevelopmental disorder called Angelman syndrome. The lab hopes to find chronotherapeutic ways to ameliorate the sleep disorders of patients with this syndrome.
Timeline of accomplishments
1982: Graduated from Stanford University with Ph.D. in Biology
1987: Completed Postdoc in Cell & Developmental Biology (Harvard)
1987 - 1994: Assistant Professor in Department of Biology, Vanderbilt University
1994 - 1999: Associate Professor in Department of Biology, Vanderbilt University
1999 - pres: Professor in Department of Biological Studies, Vanderbilt University
1993: Published first paper on circadian rhythms in cyanobacteria
1995 - pres: Serves as a member of Journal of Biological Rhythms' editorial board
2005: Received Chancellor's Research Award, Vanderbilt University
2012 - 2014: President of Society for Research on Biological Rhythms
Positions and honors
President of the Society for Research on Biological Rhythms (2012-2014)
Chancellor's Research Award, Vanderbilt University (2005)
Aschoff and Honma Prize in Biological Rhythms Research (2014)
Secretary and Treasurer, Society for Research on Biological Rhythms
Phi Beta Kappa Society
See also
Michael Menaker
Circadian rhythms
Chronobiology
Cyanobacteria
Bacterial circadian rhythms
References
Vanderbilt University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American biologists
Afleet (1984 - 2014) was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who was voted the 1987 Canadian Horse of the Year and Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old Colt.
Career
Afleet's best season came in 1987 during his three-year-old campaign, in which he won six races in ten starts. These wins include the Jerome Handicap (G1) and Pennsylvania Derby (G2) in the United States plus the Friar Rock Stakes, Queenston Stakes and Plate Trial Stakes in Canada. He also placed in the Meadowlands Cup Handicap (G1) and the Queen's Plate. Afleet's only finished below third on two occasions with a fifth place in the Marine Stakes, and a tenth place finish in the Breeders Cup Classic (G1).
As a four-year-old in 1988 he won the Toboggan Handicap (G3) and finished second in the Metropolitan Handicap (G1) and Carter Handicap (G1), and ran third in the Breeders' Cup Sprint (G1) and Massachusetts Handicap (G2).
Retirement
Afleet was retired to stud in 1989 and stood at Taylor Made Farm who had bought an interest in him while still racing.
His North American progeny included Canadian Champion A Fleet's Dancer, Grade 1 winners Flat Fleet Feet and Twist Afleet. He also produced the Grade 2 winner, Northern Afleet, who is a successful sire standing in Kentucky. His progeny includes the 2005 Preakness and Belmont Stakes winner, Afleet Alex. In 1990 Afleet was sold to Japanese breeders, he continued producing grade 1 winners such as Big Wolf and Bamboo Ere, along with multi-millionaire Preeminence. Afleet sired over 60 stakes winners in 21 foal crops.
Death
Afleet was pensioned from stud service in 2011. He later died in 2014 at the age of 30 where he stood at Breeder's Stallion Station in Japan.
References
Thoroughbred family 1-h
1984 racehorse births
2014 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Canada
Racehorses trained in Canada
Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in the 1991 season.
Overview
Taipei City Bank won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Chinese Taipei National Football League seasons
1
Taipei
Taipei
Middletown–Town of Walkill station, often just referred to as the Middletown station, is a stop on the Metro-North Railroad's Port Jervis Line serving the city of Middletown and the town of Wallkill in Orange County, New York. The station is located in the latter municipality along the former Erie Railroad Graham Line. Two trains end at the station on weekdays, with one of them turning back for service to Hoboken. The station contains an elevated platform for access by passengers in wheelchairs, and expanded paid parking. In a switch from the other stations to receive these amenities, the platform roof at Middletown is green rather than red, platform light poles are brown instead of green and the wheelchair platform is not under the roof. While other Metro-North stations such as Cortlandt and Southeast are named after the towns in which they are located, the station is the only one to include "Town of ..." in its official name, to avoid longstanding confusion with the nearby hamlet in Ulster County.
The station replaced the former Erie Railroad station on James Street in Middletown, which maintained service from May 26, 1843 to April 15, 1983. That building now serves as the Thrall Library. Middletown–Town of Walkill station opened on April 18, 1983.
Station layout
The station has one track and a low-level side platform.
References
External links
Metro-North Railroad stations in New York (state)
Railway stations in Orange County, New York
Middletown, Orange County, New York
NJ Transit Rail Operations stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1983
1983 establishments in New York (state)
Tamar Abashidze may refer to:
Tamar Abashidze (1681–1716), wife of Alexander IV of Imereti
Tamar Abashidze (died 1772), wife of Alexander V of Imereti
Tamar Abashidze (1892–1960), Georgian actress
The 1971 Bromley Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Bromley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
The 2015 Three Days of De Panne () was the 39th edition of the Three Days of De Panne cycling stage race. It took place around De Panne in West Flanders in the week between Gent–Wevelgem and the Tour of Flanders, beginning on 31 March and ending on 2 April. The race included four stages, two of which took place on the final day. It was rated as a 2.1 event in the 2015 UCI Europe Tour. The defending champion was Guillaume Van Keirsbulck (), who won the 2014 edition by seven seconds.
The 2015 edition was won by Alexander Kristoff (), who won the first three stages and came third in the final time trial. He also won the points classification. In second place was Stijn Devolder (). Third was Bradley Wiggins (), who won the individual time trial on the final day.
Teams
25 teams were selected to take part in the 2015 Three Days of De Panne. 11 of these were UCI WorldTeams, 11 were UCI Professional Continental teams and the remaining 3 were Belgian UCI Continental teams.
Route
The race included four stages: the first three of these were road stages, while the fourth was an individual time trial.
Stages
Stage 1
31 March 2015 — De Panne to Zottegem,
Stage 2
1 April 2015 — Zottegem to Koksijde,
Stage 3a
2 April 2015 — De Panne to De Panne,
Stage 3b
2 April 2015 — De Panne to Koksijde to De Panne, , individual time trial (ITT)
Classification leadership table
References
External links
Three Days of De Panne
Three Days of De Panne
Three Days of Bruges–De Panne
Karl Jestrab (12 January 1907 – 14 February 1980) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1935.
References
External links
1907 births
1980 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
William Snoddy (born December 6, 1957) is a former sprinter from the United States. He achieved most success in the 200-meter dash where he was NCAA champion in 1977.
In 1978, Snoddy ran the 100-meter dash in a heavily wind-assisted time of 9.87 seconds – then the fastest time ever recorded for a 100 m race. The wind speed was recorded at 25 mph.
Track career
Snoddy was a star sprinter at Nathan Hale High School setting a state age record in the 220 y dash of 21.0 s, and won two state championships at the distance in consecutive years, 1975 and 1976.
Snoddy attended the University of Oklahoma.
As a college freshman, Snoddy became NCAA champion (US collegiate champion) in 1977 over 200 m. He recorded a winning time of 20.48 s, then a low-altitude meeting record, at Champaign, Illinois on June 4. The following year, as a college sophomore, he was second, recording a time of 20.28 s at the meeting in Eugene, Oregon on June 3.
On 1 April 1978, at a meet in Dallas, Texas, Snoddy ran 100 m in the wind-assisted time of 9.87 s then the fastest time ever recorded for a 100 m race.
He also won Indoor College Conference titles at 300 yards in 1977 and 1978., setting the University of Oklahoma record of 29.47 s in 1978.
Snoddy returned to run track again in the 1980s after a hiatus. He achieved some moderate success - in 1987 he won the New Year Sprint race (110 m handicap race) in Scotland.
Later life
Snoddy left college early after two years and joined the United States Navy.
He later worked as a water supervisor for the city of Houston and in airport security for TSA, the airport-security organization.
Rankings
Snoddy was ranked in the top ten 200 m sprinters in the world in 1977 and 1978, according to the votes of the experts of Track and Field News.
Notes
References
Living people
1957 births
American male sprinters
Track and field athletes from Seattle
Oklahoma Sooners men's track and field athletes
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade bronze medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 1977 Summer Universiade
Better Noise Music is the rebranded and re-organized record label founded in 2006 by Allen Kovac, CEO of 10th Street Entertainment. The label was previously known as Eleven Seven Label Groups with Eleven Seven, Five Seven and Better Noise Records as imprints. They are an artist development label, developing new bands in the rock music genre. The label recently announced an expanded alliance with FUGA and was named 2019 Active Rock Label of the Year for the second consecutive year. In early 2020, Kovac launched sister company, Better Noise Films.
Roster
Current
All Good Things
As Lions
Asking Alexandria
Atlas Genius
Awolnation
Bad Wolves
Bleeker
Cory Marks
Deuce
Dirty Heads
Eva Under Fire
Fire from the Gods
Five Finger Death Punch
The Funeral Portrait
From Ashes to New
Hellyeah
The Hu
Hyro the Hero
In Flames
Mötley Crüe (as the distributor of Mötley Records)
Nevrlands
Nothing More
Rews (Marshall Records distribution deal)
Sixx:A.M.
Tempt
Danny Worsnop
Former
Escape the Fate
Papa Roach
References
External links
American record labels
Alternative rock record labels
Rock record labels
Jesse Keyes (born December 15, 1971) is an American design entrepreneur. He developed One 7th Avenue South and created and co-owns the restaurant Hotel Griffou and the fashion label Karolina Zmarlak.
Early life
Born in Stanford, California, Keyes studied urban planning at the Woodrow Wilson School of Princeton University, earning a B.A. in 1995. He was awarded a Fulbright Fellowship to study architecture in Barcelona where he earned a Master's degree from the Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya in 1997. He received a Masters of Science from the Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation in 1999. He completed a Master of Philosophy (M.Phil.) in urban planning from the Bloustein School in 2016.
Career
Keyes founded MODO to house his spatially based endeavors to use modern techniques in fashion, design, and building under one roof.
in 2008, Keyes completed the development of One Seventh Avenue South, a triangular condominium building in downtown Manhattan where Keyes "was looking for a development opportunity," he said, "to make a statement." He is co-owner and operating partner at Hotel Griffou where the design makes reference to New York's past. The house "embodies the essential modernist tenet of building what you need and nothing more." MODO designed and developed the Intent Media work environment.
Keyes is the co-founder and Executive Producer of the Karolina Zmarlak product development studio, known as KZ_K Studio. Keyes worked with Zmarlak to make conceptual and versatile pieces. With Zmarlak, their fashion label was selected as one of sixty "Premier Designers" in the uppermost design category at Neiman Marcus Direct. Keyes produced a film for Zmarlak that was launched on W Magazine'''s Fashion Film series: "Double Identity/Podwojna Tozsamosc was inspired by Women of Communism in Poland." The partners maintain a "commitment to using luxury fabrications and focusing on craftsmanship." The studio's product designs are undergirded by "Modernist European tailoring with innovative techniques." Vogue has covered the designs, launching fashion films produced by Keyes, and stating that "convertibility" is the studio's “thing."
Keyes designed E_P in the basement of the old CBGB, which is now below the John Varvatos boutique on the Bowery. He also designed the XIX lounge on Kenmare Street. He wrote a column for Blackbook Magazine'', entitled "Dark Design," concerning the aesthetics of nightlife.
For President Barack Obama's second inauguration, Keyes hosted a gathering for around 400 guests-including John Legend and Chrissy Teigen, Paula Abdul, Sophia Bush, and Zmarlak at the residence of his grandfather, architect Arthur H. Keyes.
Keyes and Zmarlak opened a new studio under the KZ_K Studio label on Great Jones Street in Manhattan in 2022. The studio had its launch event on April 12, 2022.
References
External links
The One Seventh Official Site
Karolina Zmarlak Official Site
V Magazine
Thenextweb.com
Neimanmarcus.com
MODO Official Site
1971 births
Living people
American urban planners
Columbia Graduate School of Architecture, Planning and Preservation alumni
Rutgers University alumni
Princeton School of Public and International Affairs alumni
People from Stanford, California
Polytechnic University of Catalonia alumni
In enzymology, an arabinose-5-phosphate isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-arabinose 5-phosphate D-ribulose 5-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, D-arabinose 5-phosphate, and one product, D-ribulose 5-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is D-arabinose-5-phosphate aldose-ketose-isomerase. Other names in common use include arabinose phosphate isomerase, phosphoarabinoisomerase, and D-arabinose-5-phosphate ketol-isomerase.
References
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Ukhtanga () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 7 as of 2002.
Geography
Ukhtanga is located 44 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Churilovka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Computer Chess is a 2013 independent comedy-drama film written and directed by Andrew Bujalski. The film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, where it won the Alfred P. Sloan Feature Film Prize, and subsequently screened at such festivals as South by Southwest and the Maryland Film Festival.
It is Bujalski's second black-and-white film, and was shot with analog videocameras. It is more improvisatory than his previous films, with only an eight-page treatment for a script. Bujalski also cast nonprofessional actors who were knowledgeable in computer technology.
Plot summary
In 1980, an annual gathering of teams of idiosyncratic nerds compete in a nondescript California hotel to see which of their computer programs can best the others at computer chess. A grandmaster (Gerald Peary) presides as master of ceremonies with a videographer and microphone in tow. Clunky, primitive personal computers are carted from room to room. Bad haircuts, dorky shirts, "birth control glasses", and other social impedimenta are ubiquitous. Bull sessions on the dystopian possibilities of artificial intelligence are pursued. The Pentagon's interest in the goings-on is intimated. The only female geek (Robin Schwartz) in attendance is repeatedly hailed and “welcomed” by the MC.
Simultaneously at the same hotel, a human potential movement group (the “seekers”) has occasional run-ins with the geeks, generating awkward and humorous moments. A painfully shy young computer programmer (Patrick Riester) attracts the interest of a swinging older couple (Cyndi Williams and Chris Doubek). The twin threads of “spiritual” exploration and cybernetic innovation imply an unspoken and implicit hidden connection. In a startling scene, a prostitute — apparently solicited by the young programmer — reveals herself to be infinitely more than expected.
Cast
Patrick Riester as Peter Bishton
Wiley Wiggins as Martin Beuscher
Myles Paige as Michael Papageorge
Robin Schwartz as Shelly Flintic
Gerald Peary as Pat Henderson
Gordon Kindlmann as Tom Schoesser
Reception
The movie has an approval rating of 88% on Rotten Tomatoes, with an average rating of 7.5/10. The site's critics' consensus reads: "With its delightfully retro production design, Computer Chess is an inventive, intelligent, and humorous comedy that celebrates the eccentricity and uniqueness of its subject." In The Village Voice, Aaron Hillis wrote that it was "the funniest, headiest, most playfully eccentric American indie of the year." Mike D'Angelo of The A.V. Club raved that the film was "the year's most singular and adventurous movie to date, to the point where it feels not so much original—a word that conveys a strong sense of craft—as it does “isolated,” as in a mutant strain of a virus. What's more, it's fun, generating pleasure not from canned jokes or clichéd plot twists but simply from a sense of unhindered freedom."
References
External links
Interview with the director at Motherboard
2013 films
2013 in chess
2013 comedy-drama films
Alfred P. Sloan Prize winners
American independent films
American black-and-white films
Films about chess
Films about computing
Films set in 1980
Films shot in Austin, Texas
Sundance Film Festival award winners
2013 independent films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Firth (Fjörðr meaning a firth or fjord) is a civil parish mainly on Mainland, Orkney. The islands of Damsay and Holm of Grimbister, which lie in the Bay of Firth, are also in the parish. It is in the west of the mainland island, lying south of the parish of Rendall, east of Harray and Stenness, north of Orphir and west of St Ola.
It is not to be confused with the numerous Firths that surround Orkney.
The main village is Finstown.
References
Parishes of Orkney
David Z may refer to:
David Z (producer)
David Z. or David Z. Norton, a sister ship of the Robert S. Pierson
Brian Michael John Young (born 10 September 1954) served as magistrate of the British Overseas Territory of Pitcairn Island from December 1984 until 1 January 1991. In 2007 Young was found guilty of rape and indecent assault, and was sentenced to six years and six months in prison.
Ancestry
References
Pitcairn Islands politicians
1954 births
Living people
Pitcairn Islands people of Saint Kitts and Nevis descent
Pitcairn Islands people of Scottish descent
Pitcairn Islands people of Manx descent
Pitcairn Islands people of English descent
Pitcairn Islands people of American descent
Pitcairn Islands people convicted of rape
Politicians convicted of sex offences
HM Prison Lincoln is a Category B men's prison, located in Lincoln, Lincolnshire, England. The prison is operated by His Majesty's Prison Service. A category B prison which allocates convicted prisoners within its catchment area.
History
Lincoln opened as a local prison in 1872 to hold remand and convicted prisoners and replacing the prison at Lincoln Castle. The original 1869–72 structures designed by Frederick Peck are now listed buildings and are notable examples of High Victorian gothic design. The prison accommodation has been altered and extended at various times in the 20th century.
Between 1900 and 1961 a total of 18 judicial executions took place at the prison. The last execution was that of Wasyl Gnypiuk, a 34-year-old Polish-Ukrainian immigrant. After being convicted of the murder of Louise Surgey (his 62-year-old landlady) at Nottingham Assizes, Gnypiuk was hanged by executioner Harry Allen on 27 January 1961. Afterwards, his body was buried in an unmarked grave within the walls of the prison, as was customary.
In October 2002 inmates set fire to parts of the prison and seized control of at least one section of the prison during a large riot at Lincoln. The disturbance started when a prison officer was attacked by a prisoner. A number of prisoners then jumped on the officer, assaulted him and dragged him into a cell and took his keys. It took prison officers eight hours to bring the riot under control.
In March 2003 The Prison Reform Trust issued a report claiming that Lincoln Prison was unstable and suffering inconsistent leadership. The Trust also labelled Lincoln as the nation's most overcrowded prison, holding 13 inmates over its maximum capacity of 738. Its operational capacity as of December 2020 is 600 inmates.
The prison today
Lincoln is a Category B local prison holding adult male remand and convicted prisoners from the courts in Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire and the East Riding of Yorkshire. Accommodation at the prison is spread across four residential wings (A, B, C & E wings) and a segregation unit.
The regime at Lincoln includes production workshops, charity workshops, laundry, education, vocational training courses and Offending behaviour courses. Other facilities include the prison's gym.
Notable former inmates
Jeffrey Archer; English author and politician, imprisoned for perjury
Don Brothwell; British archaeologist who was imprisoned after refusing the call-up for National Service as a conscientious objector
Fred Nodder; Child murderer executed at Lincoln in 1937; In 1954 his infamous crime led to English case law no longer requiring a body.
John George Haigh; English serial killer in the 1940s
John Poulson; British architect and businessman, imprisoned for bribery
Percy Toplis; the subject of the controversial Monacled Mutineer series about his alleged role in the Étaples mutiny served two years hard labour for attempted rape
Éamon de Valera; Irish politician, later Taoiseach and President of Ireland
Charles Salvador; British Prisoner
References
External links
Pages on Lincoln
Prisons in Lincolnshire
Category B prisons in England
1872 establishments in England
HM Prison
Men's prisons
Crooked Alley is a 1923 American crime film directed by Robert F. Hill and written by Adrian Johnson and Robert F. Hill. The film stars Thomas Carrigan, Laura La Plante, Tom Guise, Owen Gorin and Al Hart. The film was released on November 7, 1923, by Universal Pictures.
Cast
Thomas Carrigan as Boston Blackie
Laura La Plante as Norine Tyrell / Olive Sloan
Tom Guise as Judge Milnar
Owen Gorin as Rudy Milnar
Al Hart as Kaintuck
References
External links
1923 films
1920s English-language films
American crime films
1923 crime films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Robert F. Hill
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
BroadPoint Communications was a US telecommunications company in the late 1990s offering free long-distance calling supported by advertising, a service the company called "Sponsored Communications." Perry Kamel was founder and CEO of the company, based in Landover, Maryland. Thomas Hurkmans, president of DQE Enterprises, at the time, was the initial finanancier of this business, and utilized Pittsburgh as its first test market, working closely with Duquesne Light, the local electric utility. BroadPoint users would sign up online for the company's FreeWay service by filling out a questionnaire. To make calls, users dialed the BroadPoint toll-free number, then entered their PIN, followed by the desired number. Users could then earn minutes of calling time by listening to brief advertisements, five to fifteen seconds in length, targeted to their interests and location. GEICO was a frequent advertiser. However, the minutes earned could not be carried over to another call, so users would sometimes accrue many minutes of free calling, only to lose them when their intended party was busy or did not answer. Perhaps because of such shortcomings, the FreeWay service soon ended. The company filed for Chapter 7 liquidation in January 2002. Broadpoint's former URL is no longer associated with the company, and is now made up only of advertising links. Kamel went on to become CEO of Maxamine, a Web analysis company.
A similar service in Sweden, GratisTel, interrupted calls periodically for advertising, and was similarly short-lived.
External links
"A word from our Sponsors: BroadPoint's unique revenue plan holds water." From Telephony Online, September 7, 1998.
Telecommunication companies of the United States
Defunct companies based in Maryland
Companies that have filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy
Defunct telecommunications companies
Alex Giorgi (born 9 December 1957) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Brixen
The American Literary Review is an American national biannual literary magazine of poetry, fiction, and nonfiction. Since its Fall 2013 issue, ALR has been an online digital publication. Print publications are cataloged under .
History
ALR was founded years ago, in 1990, by the creative writing faculty of the Department of English of the University of North Texas and the now bygone Center for Texas Studies at the University of North Texas. The Center for Texas Studies, at that time, was led by James Ward Lee, PhD (born 1931), longtime professor of English at UNT, Department Chair, and a prolific writer, and A.C. Greene, an author and former newspaper editor, notably of the Dallas Times Herald. ALR published the first issue in the spring of 1990. Lee edited the first two issues in the spring and fall of 1990. In the first issue, he wrote an editorial expressing hope that the name and tagline, "American Literary Review: A National Journal of Poems and Stories, will prove to be neither pretentious nor presumptuous."
The founding objective was to showcase a range of genres and styles from emerging and veteran writers. To encourage freedom of expression, risk-taking, and experimentation, Lee said that ALR would not publish scholarly articles. That sentiment is not too dissimilar from that of the late Theodore Weiss, founding editor of the former and influential Quarterly Review of Literature, who also felt that scholarly articles and criticism might stifle writers. ALR's third issue (spring 1991, vol. 2, issue 1) was edited by poet and faculty member Scott Cairns. The first issue received more that 160 submissions.
The printed issues, prior to 2013, were typically 120 pages, digest size, perfect-bound with color card cover featuring a photo submission.
In 2004, NewPages characterized ALR as having roughly a 2:1 poetry to fiction ratio, with a casual touch of both traditional and experimental forms.
In 2020, ALR announced that "due to institutional budget cuts as a result of grappling with the changes brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic, we are forced to go on a temporary hiatus."
Prize winners
The ALR awards three annual prizes, for a poem, a short story, and an essay.
Uncategorized
Joshua Poteat
Nonfiction
Maureen Stanton
2008: Karin Forfota Poklen
2009: Julie Marie Wade
2010: Sabine Heinlein
2011: Barbara Cameron
2011: Starre Vartan (runner-up)
2012: Robert Long Foreman
2012: Vernita Hall (runner-up)
Fiction
Mary L. Tabor (spring 1999)
Melissa Jeanne Miller (1956–1991)
2008: Michael Isaac Shokrian
2009: Marylee MacDonald
2010: Karen Heuler
2010: Nora Khan (runner-up)
2010: Emily McLaughlin (runner-up)
2011: Marc Dickinson
2011: Sean Madigan Hoen (runner-up)
2012: Lydia Kann (runner-up)
2012: Dustin Parsons
Poetry
1990: Sheryl St. Germain
1997: Renée Ashley
1998: Debora L. Innocenti
2001: Sam Witt
2007: Jeffrey Levine
2008: Roy Bentley
2009: Arthur Brown
2010: Jude Nutter
2011: Joseph Duemer
2012: Eileen G'Sell
2012: Allan Peterson (runner-up)
Literary contributors
Uncategorized
Robin Behn (Fall 2001)
Arthur Brown
Andrew C. Gottlieb
Debora L. Innocenti
David Leverenz (1991)
Marylee MacDonald
Karin Forfota Poklen
Suzanne Rhodenbaugh
Michael Isaac Shokrian
C.W. Smith
Virgil Suárez
Lex Williford
Short non-fiction
Danielle Deulen (2010)
Curtis Smith
Maureen P. Stanton
Short fiction
Chantel Acevedo
Susan Breen
Andi Diehn (Spring 2004)
Stefanie Freele
John Henry Irsfeld: (Spring 1992)
Dana Johnson
Jim Meirose (Spring 2004)
Scott Nadelson (Spring 2011)
Midge Raymond (Fall 2008)
Mary L. Tabor (Spring 1999)
Austin Gilmour (Spring 2012)
Poetry
Seth Abramson (Fall 2002)
Carl Adamshick
Betty Adcock
Joe Ahearn
Renée Ashley
Julianna Baggott
Walter Bargen
Jim Barnes
Lauren Berry
Laurie Blauner
Philip Brady
Jerry Bradley
Ian Brand
Cathleen Calbert (1998)
David Citino (1999)
Morri Creech
Sándor Csoóri
Chad Davidson
Michelle Regalado Deatrick
Elizabeth Dodd
Joseph Duemer (2012)
K.E. Duffin
Stephen Dunn
Joseph Fasano
Sascha Feinstein
Charles Adés Fishman
Amy Fleury
Gregory Fraser
Ted Genoways
Natalie Giarratano
Robert Gibb
Paul Guest
James Haug
Virginia Heatter (Spring 2006)
James M. Hoggard: (Fall 1992, Spring 1994)
Timothy Houghton
Christopher Howell
David Huddle
Mark Irwin
Fleda Brown Jackson
Gray Jacobik
Paul McDonald Jones
Anna Journey
Elise Juska
Ilya Kaminsky
Annie Kantar
Ross Leckie
Lisa Lewis
Stuart Lishan
William Olsen
Marjorie Maddox
Cate Marvin
Constance Merritt
Keith Montesano
Jean Nordhaus
Paul Otremba
William Page
Matthew Pennock
Kathleen Pierce
Roger Reeve
Virgil Suárez
Frederick Smock
Sheryl St. Germain
David St. John
William Stobb
Michael Theune (Spring 2002)
Amber Flora Thomas
Allison Titus
Jim Tolan (Spring 1995)
Mark Wagenaar
G.C. Waldrep (Spring 2004)
Daneen Leigh Wardrop (Spring 2008)
William Wenthe
Sam Witt
Martha Zweig
Editors
ALR is largely student-run with UNT creative writing faculty editorial oversight.
Editor-in-chief
unknown–present: Jehanne Dubrow †
Fiction co-editors
2009–present: Miro Penkov
2009–present: Barbara Rodman, PhD
Creative nonfiction editor
2008-present: Bonnie Friedman
Poetry co-editors
1995–present: Bruce Bond, PhD †
2000–present: Corey Marks, PhD
Former editors-in-chief
James Ward Lee, PhD † (founding editor)
Scott Cairns, PhD
Barbara Rodman, PhD
William J. Cobb, PhD
Corey Marks, PhD
John Tait, PhD
Miro Penkov
Former Poetry editor
Nancy Eimers
Former advisory board members
1990–1997: John Henry Irsfeld †
Notes † Member, Texas Institute of Letters
Submissions
ALR seeks literary mainstream, creative nonfiction, and poetry. , it was receiving 150 to 200 unsolicited manuscripts a month and accepts 12 to 16 per issue. Submissions are reviewed from October 1 to May 1 and published within two years of acceptance. In round one of the referee process, judges, which include graduate students, read all submissions and make preliminary selections. Faculty editors for each category review make final selections for official recognition and publishing. Separate judges for prizes in each category then make their selection. At all stages of the process, the identity of writers is not known by referees.
See also
List of literary magazines
Bygone publications of the same name
The American Literary Review of Newton, Massachusetts, was a privately owned quarterly literary magazine. It was edited by Lee Bates Hatfield (born 1953). The publication ran from 1973 to 1983. Its WorldCat code is . Its holding company was a Massachusetts non-profit corporation of the same name, "The American Literary Review, Inc."
The American Literary Review of New York City never existed. Rather, it was proposed in 1931 as a review of books. A prospectus for investors was copyrighted and is stored, along with other information, at the Widener Library of Harvard College.
American Literary Review of Augusta, Maine, was a weekly literary and scientific newspaper founded in 1870 by LaForest Almond Shattuck, M.D. (1846–1930). By May 1871, circulation had reached 75,000 and covered every state and territory. Shattuck stepped down as editor 1871 due to poor health.
References
Notes
Inline citations
External links
Article: "A Portrait of Three UNT journals Illustrates Rewards, Challenges of Publishing," by Amelia Jaycen, UNT Office of Research and Economic Development
1990 establishments in Texas
2013 disestablishments in Texas
Biannual magazines published in the United States
Defunct literary magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1990
Magazines disestablished in 2013
Magazines published in Texas
Online literary magazines published in the United States
Online magazines with defunct print editions
Poetry magazines published in the United States
Poetry publishers
University of North Texas
Mass media in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
The 1834 looting of Safed (, "Plunder of Safed, 5594 AM") was a prolonged attack against the Jewish community of Safed, Ottoman Empire, during the 1834 Peasants' Revolt. It began on Sunday June 15 (7 Sivan), the day after the Jewish holiday of Shavuot, and lasted for the next 33 days. Most contemporary accounts suggest it was a spontaneous attack which took advantage of a defenseless population in the midst of the armed uprising against Egyptian rule. The district governor tried to quell the violent outbreak, but failed to do so and fled. The event took place during a power vacuum, whilst Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt was fighting to quell the wider revolt in Jerusalem.
Accounts of the month-long event tell of large scale looting, as well as killing and raping of Jews and the destruction of homes and synagogues by Druze<ref name="Rossoff" >Dovid Rossoff, Safed: The Mystical City. Feldheim Publishers, 1991 pp.149ff:'The Druze Massacre of Safed
</ref> and Arabs. Many Torah scrolls were desecrated and many Jews were left severely wounded. The event has been described as a pogrom or "pogrom-like" by some authors. Hundreds fled the town seeking refuge in the open countryside or in neighbouring villages. The rioting was quelled by Lebanese Druze troops under the orders of Ibrahim Pasha following the intervention of foreign consuls. The instigators were arrested and later executed in Acre.
Prelude
Safed had long been inhabited by Musta'arabi Jews. It became a kabbalistic centre from the 1540s onwards when students attracted by the teachings of sages such as Moses ben Jacob Cordovero settled there. By the 1830s there were around 4,000 Jews living in the town, comprising at least half the population. Throughout their history, the Jews of Safed, though supported by the Porte, had been the target of oppressive exactions by corrupt local officials. In 1628 the Druze seized the city, and holding it for several years, despoiled the local community, and the Jewish population declined as Safed Jews moved to Hebron and Jerusalem.Louis Finkelstein The Jews: Their history - 1960 "In 1628 the Druses attacked Safed. Mulhim, brother of Fakhr-al-Din, took the city and plundered the Jews, many of whom fled for their lives. In 1633 the Pasha of Damascus routed Fakhr-al-Din and again Safed felt the heavy hand of a conqueror. After Mulhim's defeat the Jews returned to Safed, once more under Turkish rule, but again they did not long enjoy peace." and again in the 1660 destruction of Safed. The 1831 annexation of Palestine to Egypt by Muhammad Ali rendered life relatively more secure than had been the case under the Ottomans. In 1833, however, at the approach of Ibrahim Pasha, the Jewish quarter of Safed was plundered by the Druze, although the inhabitants managed to escape to the suburbs.
A year later in 1834, it was announced that new taxation laws were to be imposed and conscription introduced, drafting fellahin into the Egyptian army, who were at the same time to be disarmed by local notables. Jews and Christians were to be exempted from the disarmament policy. The news was greeted by widespread anger. The Druze of the Galilee themselves, profiting from a weakness of control over their area, rose in revolt in the spring and were joined by a mass uprising by the fellahin, who resented local Jewish collaboration with the Egyptians. Jeff Halper,Between Redemption And Revival: The Jewish Yishuv Of Jerusalem In The Nineteenth Century, Routledge, 2019 Safed had been severely damaged by an earthquake in May of that year, and following the uprising attacks broke out on the weaker members of Palestinian towns, namely the Jews and Christians.Martin Sicker, p.12 It was in this setting that the plunder at Safed was unleashed, causing many Jews to seek refuge among friendly Arabs in the neighbouring town of Ein Zeitim. One account, retold by several Safed Jews to the 25-year-old Alexander William Kinglake, who visited in 1835, blamed the incident on the intolerant rantings of a local Muslim cleric named Muhammad Damoor. The account stated that at the beginning of 1834, Damoor publicly prophesied that on June 15 the "true believers would rise up in just wrath against the Jews, and despoil them of their gold and their silver and their jewels."
Attack
The account of Neophytos, a monk of the Church of the Holy Sepulchre described the looting of the town, alongside similar events in Ramla, Lydda, Jaffa, Acre and Tiberias, noting that the perpetrators "robbed the Jews, who lived in these towns, of immense property, as is reported, for there was no one to offer any opposition".
The 1850 account of Rabbi Joseph Schwartz stated that "Everything was carried off which could possibly be removed, even articles of no value; boxes, chests, packages, without even opening them, were dragged away; and the fury with which this crowd attacked their defenceless victims was boundless... [The perpetrators] were perfectly safe and unmolested; for they had learned that Abraim Pacha was, at the moment, so much occupied at Jerusalem and vicinity with his enemies there, that he could not go into Galilee."
One anecdote suggests the rioting was premeditated, organised by a local anti-Semitic Muslim cleric, According to the anecdotes narrated to Kinglake, when June 15 arrived, Muhammad Damoor appeared to the gathered Muslim crowd and incited them to fulfill his prophecy. Kinglake only mentions the occurrence of looting, writing that "the most odious of all outrages, that of searching the women for the base purpose of discovering such things as gold and silver concealed about their persons, was perpetrated without shame." Kinglake's is the only account which mentions the individual involvement of a local Muslim clergyman.
Other reports suggest the attack was more violent in nature. Isaac Farhi (d. 1853) described how several Jews were killed and raped in the attack. Men, women and children were robbed of their clothes and then beaten. Some fled into the surrounding fields and remained there naked "like wild animals" until the danger passed. 12 year-old Jacob Saphir was among a number of refugees who found sanctuary in the adjacent village of Ein al-Zeitun assisted by a sympathetic Arab sheikh. He describes how for the first three days they had nothing to eat and how they hid in fear of their lives for forty days. Afterwards they had found their homes completely ransacked and emptied, "not even small jugs, doors or windows had been left behind." Menachem Mendel Baum, a prominent member of the Ashkenazi community, published a book (Korot Ha-Eytim, 1839) vividly detailing his recollections. He describes an aggressive onslaught, including one incident in which a group of elderly Jews including pious rabbis were beaten mercilessly while hiding in a synagogue. In May 1934, an article appearing in Haaretz'' by historian and journalist Eliezer Rivlin (1889-1942) described the event of 100 years earlier in detail. His article, based on similar first-hand accounts, tells of how the head of the community, Rabbi Israel of Shklov, was threatened with his life and another rabbi who had fled to the hills seeking refuge in a cave was set upon and had his eye gouged out. Rivlin states many Jews were beaten to death and severely wounded. Thirteen synagogues along with an estimated 500 Torah scrolls were destroyed. Valuable antique books belonging to the 14th-century rabbi Isaac Aboab I were also lost. Jewish homes were ransacked and set on fire as looters searched for hidden gold and silver.
Some Jews managed to escape to a nearby fortress and held out there for a few weeks. The mob unsuccessfully tried to break into the building to reach the fugitives. The sources do not indicate how many Jews died. It seems to have not been many, though hundreds were wounded.
The sole Hebrew printing press in Palestine was destroyed along with many copies of the Bible. It was three years before the press started functioning again. Israel Bak, who established the printing house in Safed, incurred a wound on his foot which left him with an enduring limp. Among the distinguished men who gave their lives helping others were Rabbis Leib Cohen, Shalom Hayat and Mendel of Kamnitz, who wandered around the streets without fear of the attackers, to return little children to their mothers, rescuing the victims physically and emotionally, and burying the dead.
Suppression and aftermath
Rabbi Joseph Schwartz noted the justice that once calm had been restored, Ibrahim Pasha's army arrested and executed a number of perpetrators, and enforced summary justice on many suspects to ensure stolen goods were returned:
The most respectable Mahomedans of Zafed and its environs were arrested as the authors of the outrage, and some of them were afterwards publicly executed, and whatever could be found of the stolen property of the Jews was restored. Every Jew was believed, when saying that he recognised this or that Arab among the robbers. The person so accused was instantly arrested, and punished with blows till he at last confessed and gave up his booty. Even many of the richest and most respectable of the Arabs were arrested, loaded with chains, and punished, upon the mere assertion of a very poor and common Jew. The word of a Jew was regarded as equal to the command of the highest authority, and severe punishment was at once resorted to, without any previous investigation, without any grounds or proofs. In this manner much of the stolen property was discovered; since many, in order not to be exposed to the violence of the Druses, delivered up everything of their own accord. The Jews were now required, by order of the Pacha, through the intervention of the consuls, to make out a correct list of all they had lost, of whatever they missed, and to indicate the true value of the same, and to hand it in to Abraim Pacha through means of the European consuls.
With great effort, Israel of Shklov had managed to send letters to foreign consuls in Beirut and informed them of the details of the troubles that befell the Jews, many of whom were the subjects of foreign states. Their complaints encouraged Ibrahim Pasha to send his Lebanese ally Bashir II to restore order. When Bashir and his forces entered Safed on July 17, 1834, the riots ceased immediately. He made sure the Jews were protected from harm and pursued the culprits. Most of the rebels fled, but thirteen ringleaders along with the town's governor were captured, tried and publicly hanged in Acre. The Jews returned to their homes and gathered their few remaining belongings. According to Löwe's investigations, the loss incurred amounted to 135,250 piasters. The consuls tried to raise sums of money as compensation for their subjects and made lists of the damages. When Ibrahim Pasha returned, he imposed an indemnity on the surrounding villages, but the victims received only 7% of the value of the damage. Only a small proportion of stolen property was ever recovered.
See also
1517 Safed attacks
1660 destruction of Safed
1834 Hebron massacre
1838 Druze attack on Safed
1929 Safed massacre
References
Bibliography
Syrian Peasant Revolt (1834–35)
Anti-Jewish pogroms by Muslims
Jews and Judaism in Ottoman Galilee
History of Safed
1834 riots
1834 in the Ottoman Empire
1834 in Asia
June 1834 events
1834 in Judaism
Safed 1834
Shavuot
Ellen Isham Schutt (April 15, 1873 – December 5, 1955) was an early 20th-century American botanical illustrator for the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Her work now forms part of the USDA National Agricultural Library's Pomological Watercolor Collection.
Early life and family
Ellen Isham Schutt was born on April 15, 1873, on Oak Grove estate in Arlington, Virginia, to Francis Granger Schutt (a merchant of Dutch descent) and Emily Elizabeth Thomas Schutt (née Wallis). She was one of seven children, with two brothers (Francis and Wallis) and four sisters (Blanch, Elizabeth, Stella, and Mary). They were raised in what is now Cherrydale, Virginia, where her father had bought land after the Civil War. Ellen's father eventually acquired nearly 300 acres in the area and is now considered one of the fathers of modern Cherrydale.
In 1906, Ellen built a substantial neoclassical house in Cherrydale that was known as "Ellenwood." It was built entirely of concrete as protection against fire, and it is said to have been the first home in the area to get electricity.
Ellen and her mother were interested in genealogy and together created numerous unpublished family trees and other records relating to the Wallis family that were later archived at the Maryland Historical Society. In 1914, Ellen served as the state recording secretary of the Virginia chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution.
Career
Schutt worked for the United States Department of Agriculture between 1904 and 1914, part of a select cadre of illustrators that included Deborah Griscom Passmore, Amanda Newton, Royal Charles Steadman, J. Marion Shull, and Elsie Lower. During this period, she painted over 700 watercolors of fruits and nuts for the USDA. Her subjects ranged from the common (apples, hickory nuts) to the then-exotic (bael, custard apple, cashew nuts), and quite a few show fruit damage from molds, insects, and other causes. Her precise and rather dry style resulted in watercolors that at times look more like drawings than paintings. She signed her USDA watercolors 'E.I. Schutt'. She also modeled some fruit such as apples and pears in wax to demonstrate the effects of long storage and packaging upon fruit. She contributed a few drawings of plant specimens collected in Mexico to Britton and Rose's definitive work on cactus.
Beginning in 1911, the University of California commissioned Schutt to paint watercolors of apples grown locally and showing damage from conditions ranging from disease and insect damage to storage injury. One scholar argues that this series of "hyperreal" images amounts to an implied representation of the idea of a perfect or normal apple, a vision suitable to Progressive era aspirations of control over natural forces like decay. The full series of 286 watercolors painted between 1911 and 1915 is held by the University of California, Davis.
Personal life and death
In 1914, the year her father died, she married Walter David Blackburn in Florida. This marriage did not last, and in 1917 she married her first cousin, Thomas Smythe Wallis (1876–1949), in Virginia.
Ellen died on December 5, 1955, at Falls Church, Virginia, and is buried in Columbia Gardens Cemetery in Arlington.
References
External links
Ellen Schutt Pomological Watercolors — UC Davis collection, online
National Agricultural Library Pomological Watercolor Collection — USDA collection, online
1873 births
1948 deaths
Botanical illustrators
20th-century American painters
American women illustrators
American illustrators
20th-century American women artists
United States Department of Agriculture people
People from Arlington County, Virginia
Painters from Virginia
Trinchera Creek is a tributary of the Rio Grande in Costilla County, Colorado in the United States. It flows west from a source in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains to a confluence with the Rio Grande.
It is spanned by the San Luis Southern Railway Trestle, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Dams
The creek has two dams which create reservoirs that are popular fishing spots. The reservoirs include Mountain Home Reservoir near Fort Garland and Smith Reservoir three miles south of Blanca.
See also
List of rivers of Colorado
References
Rivers of Colorado
Rivers of Costilla County, Colorado
Tributaries of the Rio Grande
The following is a list of the 364 communes of the Charente department of France.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
Communauté d'agglomération Grand Angoulême
Communauté d'agglomération du Grand Cognac
Communauté de communes des 4B Sud-Charente
Communauté de communes de Charente Limousine
Communauté de communes Cœur de Charente
Communauté de communes Lavalette Tude Dronne
Communauté de communes La Rochefoucauld - Porte du Périgord
Communauté de communes du Rouillacais
Communauté de communes Val de Charente
References
Lists of communes of France
Nathan W. Ackerman (November 22, 1908, Bessarabia, Russian Empire – June 12, 1971, New York) was an American psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, and one of the most important pioneers of the field of family therapy. He also was an expert in marriage counselling.
Biography
Ackerman was born to David Ackerman and Bertha Greenberg, both pharmacists.
Ackerman obtained his medical degree from Columbia University in 1933. He assumed the post of chief psychiatrist at the Menninger Child Guidance Clinic (see Menninger Foundation) in 1937. In 1955, he contributed to the founding of the American Academy of Psychoanalysis. In 1957 he founded the Family Mental Health Clinic in New York, and the Family Institute in 1960, which was later renamed the Ackerman Institute after his death in New York in 1971. In 1961 he co-founded the first ever family therapy journal Family Process with Donald deAvila Jackson and Jay Haley.
Ackerman attended a public school in New York City. In 1929 he was awarded a B.A. from Columbia University, and in 1933 earned his M.D. from the same university. After a short spell (1933–34) as an intern at the Montefiore Hospital in New York, he interned at the Menninger Clinic and Sanitorium in Topeka, Kansas. He joined their psychiatric staff in 1935.
Works
Ackerman greatly influenced and concentrated on the study on psychosexual stages on character formation and was one of the first clinicians to attempt to integrate insights from individual psychotherapy with the then newer ideas from systems theory. He is best known for his contribution to the development of the psychodynamic approach to family therapy. With regards to family therapy, Ackerman incorporated the idea of "the family being a social and emotional unit." His main focuses, with respect to family therapy, were intergenerational ties and conflicts, the influence of long-term social change impacting the family, the developmental stages of the family as a single unit, the importance of emotion within the family structure, and equal amounts of authority among parents.
Bibliography
Ackerman, N.W. (1958). The Psychodynamics of Family Life. Basic Books: New York.
Ackerman, N.W., Beatman, F.L. & Sherman, S.N. (Eds.) (1961). Exploring the base for family therapy: papers from the M. Robert Gomberg Memorial Conference (held on June 2 and 3 1960, at the Academy of Medicine, New York, N.Y.) Family Service Association of America: New York.
Ackerman, N.W. (1962). Family Psychotherapy and Psychoanalysis: The Implications of Difference. Family Process. 1 (1) pp. 30–43, March 1962.
Ackerman, N.W. (1966). Treating the Troubled Family. Basic Books: New York.
Ackerman, N.W. (1970). Family process. Basic Books: New York.
Ackerman, N.W., co-written with Javad Nurbakhsh and Hamideh Jahangiri (2019).
Death
Nathan Ackerman died of a heart attack in 1971 in Putnam Valley, New York
See also
Ackerman Institute for the Family
Family therapy
Interpersonal therapy
Psychoanalysis
Harry Stack Sullivan
References
External links
Profile from Allyn and Bacon/Longman publishing.
Profile from Encyclopedia of Psychology.
Ackerman Institute for the Family
1908 births
1971 deaths
People from Bessarabia Governorate
Bessarabian Jews
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
American psychiatrists
American psychotherapists
Family therapists
Jewish psychiatrists
20th-century American physicians
Columbia University alumni
was the Olympic flame torchbearer who lit the cauldron at the 1964 Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo.
Biography
Sakai was born on the day of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima. He was chosen for the role to symbolize Japan's postwar reconstruction and peace. An enthusiastic part-time athlete, at the time of the 1964 Olympics he was a member of Waseda University's running club. The nineteen-year-old was coached in the ceremonial duty by Teruji Kogake, a triple jump world record-holder turned coach. He never actually competed in any events at the Olympics.
Two years after the Olympic games, he won a gold medal in the 4 × 400 m relay and a silver in the 400 m at the 1966 Asian Games. He joined Fuji Television in 1968 as a journalist and worked mainly in the fields of news and sports.
He died of cerebral bleeding in Tokyo at age 69, on September 10, 2014.
References
External links
1945 births
2014 deaths
Sportspeople from Hiroshima Prefecture
People of Shōwa-period Japan
Japanese male sprinters
Japanese television journalists
Olympic cauldron lighters
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
Japan Championships in Athletics winners
Waseda University alumni
The medley relay events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships will be held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
Final
Eight nations took part.
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
TV K3 or Televizija Kanal 3 is commercial television channel based in Prnjavor, Bosnia and Herzegovina. K3 TV broadcasts 24 hours of program daily, including more than 5 hours of its own production in the 10 TV shows that are created according to the wishes and interests of viewers in Republika Srpska. The program is mainly produced in Serbian.
TV K3 is also part of is part of Mreža TV. With a syndicated broadcasting programme under the Mreža TV label, TV stations have managed to cover a 95 procent of the territory of Bosnia and Herzegovina. "Mreža TV" airs TV series, telenovels, movies and entertainment shows.
References
External links
www.tvk3.info
Communications Regulatory Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations established in 1995
The Roman Catholic Church in East Africa's major Indian Ocean island state Madagascar comprises only a Latin hierarchy, which is composed of five ecclesiastical provinces, whose Metropolitan Archbisdhoprics have a total of seventeen suffragan dioceses.
There is no Eastern Catholic, pre-diocesan or other exempt jurisdiction.
There is also an Apostolic Nunciature to Madagascar as papal diplomatic representation (embassy-level), in national capital Antananarivo.
There are no titular sees.
All defunct jurisdictions have current successor sees.
Current Latin dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Madagascar
Ecclesiastical Province of Antananarivo
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Antananarivo
Diocese of Antsirabe
Diocese of Maintirano
Diocese of Miarinarivo
Diocese of Tsiroanomandidy
Ecclesiastical Province of Antsiranana
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Antsiranana
Diocese of Ambanja
Diocese of Mahajanga
Diocese of Boriziny
Ecclesiastical Province of Fianarantsoa
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Fianarantsoa
Diocese of Ambositra
Diocese of Farafangana
Diocese of Ihosy
Diocese of Mananjary
Ecclesiastical Province of Toamasina
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Toamasina
Diocese of Ambatondrazaka
Diocese of Fenoarivo Atsinanana
Diocese of Moramanga
Ecclesiastical Province of Toliara
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Toliara
Diocese of Morombe
Diocese of Morondava
Diocese of Tôlagnaro.
See also
List of Catholic dioceses (structured view)
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Indian Ocean Episcopal Conference (Comoros, Mauritius, LaRéunion, Seychelles)
Sources and external links
GCatholic.org - data for all sections
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
Madagascar
Catholic dioceses
Lieutenant-General Sir Richard Doherty (born O'Dogherty; 1785 – 2 September 1862) was an Irish colonial administrator and a British Army officer who served as Governor of Sierra Leone.
Doherty was born in 1785 into an Irish Catholic family at Garculea House in Coolmoyne, near Golden, County Tipperary. He was the eldest of four sons born to Leonard O'Dogherty and his wife, Anne, daughter of Roger Scully of Cashel. He entered the army in 1802.
His brother, Theobald O'Dogherty, had a distinguished career with the Royal Marines, but he never received the promotions he deserved because of his Irish Catholic background. To advance his career, Richard elected to convert to Protestantism and change the spelling of his surname—from O'Dogherty to the more Anglo Doherty. He was rewarded with a promotion, followed by a knighthood in 1841.
He was Governor of Sierra Leone from 13 June 1837 to 16 December 1840. He was succeeded as governor in 1840 by Sir John Jeremie and knighted in 1841. He was Commander in Chief of Jamaica in 1853.
He was colonel of the 11th (North Devonshire) Regiment from 1857 until his death in 1862 in Richmond, Surrey.
In 1845, he married widow Rachel Sophia Munro (née Ludford), who was the daughter of physician Jonathan Anderson Ludford of Jamaica.
References
Knights Bachelor
Devonshire Regiment officers
Governors of Sierra Leone
1785 births
1862 deaths
Date of birth missing
People from County Tipperary
Converts to Anglicanism from Roman Catholicism
Military personnel from County Tipperary
British Army lieutenant generals
Anketil de Coleshull was the member of Parliament for Coventry in 1295. With Richard de Weston he is the first MP for the city whose name is known. He had been a bailiff.
References
Members of the Parliament of England for Coventry
English MPs 1295
Bailiffs
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
The 2015–16 Atlantic 10 Conference men's basketball season was the 40th season of Atlantic 10 Conference basketball. The 2016 Atlantic 10 men's basketball tournament was held at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York.
Dayton, VCU, and St. Bonaventure tied for the regular season championship. Saint Joseph's won the A-10 Tournament.
As a result of winning the A-10 Tournament, Saint Joseph's earned the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. Dayton and VCU earned at-large bids to the tournament as well.
St. Bonaventure, George Washington, and Davidson all received bids to the NIT. Fordham received a bid to the CollegeInsider.com Tournament.
Preseason
Preseason poll
Preseason All-Conference Teams
Regular season
Conference matrix
This table summarizes the head-to-head results between teams in conference play. Each team played 18 conference games: 1 game vs. 8 opponents (4 home, 4 away) and 2 games against 5 opponents (home and away).
Conference Awards
Postseason
Atlantic 10 tournament
*Game times in Eastern Time. #Rankings denote tournament seeding.
NCAA tournament
The Atlantic 10 Conference had three bids to the 2016 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
National Invitation tournament
St. Bonaventure, George Washington, and Dayton earned NIT bids for the conference.
CollegeInsider.com tournament
Fordham earned the sole bid to the CIT for the conference.
References
Martin "Marty" Quinn is a former Irish League footballer and a current manager. Quinn is well known for leading Cliftonville to become Irish League champions in 1998, and leading Coleraine to Irish Cup glory in 2003.
Playing career
The Belfast-born Quinn began his playing career with Star of the Sea junior club. He then spent eight years as a defender with Cliftonville F.C. where he won the County Antrim Shield and the Irish Cup in 1978/79 and the Gold Cup in 1980/81. In 1981, he joined Distillery where he played over 200 games and won another Co. Antrim Shield in 1985/86. Quinn left Distillery in 1987 and finished his playing career with a brief spell at Drogheda United F.C.
Managerial career
Distillery
Quinn's first coaching appointment was a manager of Distillery IIs during 1987/88 where he won the George Wilson Cup. He was promoted to first team manager in September 1988 but resigned in November 1989 after a run of poor results. He returned to Cliftonville F.C.
Cliftonville
At Cliftonville, where he acted as reserve team manager and then assistant manager before taking charge of the first team in October 1994, initially as caretaker before being appointed full-time the following month. In five years in charge at Solitude he brought a level of success not seen in nearly a century as "the Reds" claimed the Coca-Cola Cup in 1995/96, the County Antrim Shield in 1996/97, and in 1998 the Irish League title. It had been 88 years since Cliftonville won the league trophy. Quinn won manager of the year in 1998. In addition he also claimed the Irish FA Charity Shield with a win over Glentoran F.C.
Quinn also came close twice to winning the Irish Cup but lost two finals in three years. In 1997 the club lost 1–0 to Glentoran in the final. Two years later Quinn led the club to a final tie against Portadown F.C. but the match was never played. The Irish FA ruled that Simon Gribben, who came on as a substitute in the semi-final replay against Linfield F.C., was cup-tied on account of having appeared in the competitions preliminary stages and so the cup was awarded to Portadown with no game played.
Coleraine FC
Quinn was appointed manager of Coleraine F.C. in October 1999. He took an unfancied Coleraine side to the Irish Cup Final in 2002/03, in which they beat Glentoran in the final 1–0. Quinn had finally won The Irish Cup after coming close to winning the trophy twice with Cliftonville. The following year, Coleraine were in the final again, against Glentoran, but it was the Belfast side who came out winners. In addition Coleraine won the North West Senior Cup three times, twice finished as Irish League runners-up and reached the finals of Gold Cup and Irish League Cup under Quinn's leadership. He continued as Coleraine manager during uncertain times while the club experienced severe financial problems. The club made it to the Irish Cup final again, this time it was against Linfield but lost in the final. Quinn also won The North West cup twice with The Bannsiders. Quinn stunned Coleraine fans by resigning as manager.
Bangor FC
Quinn made a shock resignation from Coleraine FC to become Bangor FC manager. Despite Bangor being favourites to go down that year, he defied the odds and had a very successful rein at Clandeboye Park. At one point during the season, they were top of the league. Although that didn't last, he still brought them to a hugely impressive 7th spot before resigning due to Bangor deciding that they wouldn't renew their Premiership licence for the 2009/2010 campaign. Bangor were the first club with which Quinn failed to win a trophy.
Glenavon FC
He was appointed Glenavon manager soon after resigning as Bangor manager. Quinn then went on to again prove his genius, narrowly keeping the club in the top tier of Northern Irish football, losing just one of his first nine games at the helm. In the 2010/11 season, Quinn wasted no time adding new faces to the Lurgan Blues squad. He signed goalkeeper Andrew Plummer who played under Quinn at Bangor, and bringing in Pat Jennings Jr. from Shamrock Rovers as backup. He also signed Glentoran defender Kyle Neill, along with Neill's teammate Willo McDonagh. Quinn also brought in Gary Hamilton on loan from Glentoran F.C. and buying Linfield F.C. striker Mark Miskimmin. Under Quinn, the Lurgan Blues won the Mid Ulster Cup over Dungannon Swifts. In the 2011/12 season, Quinn signed goalkeeper Andy Coleman, midfielder Conor Hagan and striker Andy Graham from Newry City F.C., Peter McCann from Lisburn Distillery F.C., Davy O'Hare from Coleraine F.C. and Jonathan Magee from Crusaders F.C. Despite building what looked like a promising squad, Glenavon had a run of poor results and ending at the bottom of the table. Quinn resigned on 26 November after a 1–1 draw against Dungannon Swifts.
Honours
Playing career
Cliftonville
County Antrim Shield 1978/79,
Irish Cup 1978/79,
Gold Cup 1980/81.
Distillery
County Antrim Shield 1985/86.
Managerial career
Cliftonville
Coca-Cola Cup 1995/96,
County Antrim Shield 1996/97,
Irish League 1997/98,
Irish FA Charity Shield 1997/98.
Coleraine
Irish Cup 2002/03,
North West Senior Cup (Three times).
Glenavon
Mid-Ulster Cup 2009/10, 2010/11.
References
External links
ColeraineFC.com
Living people
Cliftonville F.C. players
Lisburn Distillery F.C. players
Football managers from Northern Ireland
NIFL Premiership players
League of Ireland players
Drogheda United F.C. players
Cliftonville F.C. managers
Glenavon F.C. managers
Coleraine F.C. managers
Bangor F.C. managers
Lisburn Distillery F.C. managers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mohamed Zainuddin Juvale, popularly known as Captain Fakir Mohamed Zainuddin Juvale, was an Indian naval captain and one of the pioneers of the trade from the Konkan region in the western Indian state of Maharashtra. Born on 10 January 1890 in a Konkani Muslim family, Juvale had only primary education and started his career as a Khalasi (seaman) in a merchant ship. Over the years, he rose in ranks to become the captain of the vessel, reportedly the only Indian to achieve the feat.
After retirement, Juvale founded the first nautical school in India, Kokan Nautical School, in 1923 at Dongri, Mumbai for imparting seaman training to Konkan youth. The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest Indian civilian honour of Padma Shri in 1981. The Shipping Corporation of India named one of their supply ships in his honour as M. V. Capt FM Juvale in 1998. He documented his life in an autobiography, The Ebbs and Flows of My Marine Life which is written in Marathi.
References
Recipients of the Padma Shri in civil service
Konkani Muslims
1890 births
Year of death missing
People from Maharashtra
Tregellasia is a genus of birds in the family Petroicidae that are found in Australia and New Guinea.
The genus was introduced by the Australian ornithologist Gregory Mathews in 1912 with the pale-yellow robin (Tregellasia capito) as the type species. The genus name was chosen to honour the Australian field ornithologist Thomas Henry Tregellas (1864-1938).
Species
The genus contains the following two species:
References
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2007). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Petroicidae
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Derek Derenalagi (born 3 October 1974) is a British Paralympic discus thrower and former soldier.
Early life
From Nakavu Village in Nadi, Fiji, Derenalagi was born to a single mother and was raised by his grandmother.
Military service
Derenalagi joined the British Army in 1999. As Fiji was part of the British Empire from ~1870-1970, there is a well-established tradition of Fijians joining the British armed forces. For example, thousands of Fijians served as part of New Zealand or Australian units during WW2. In July 2007 he was on a tour of duty in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, when his vehicle was hit by an improvised explosive device (IED) as it travelled to a helicopter landing site. On return to Camp Bastion he was pronounced dead, but whilst preparing his body for a body bag, medical staff found that he still had a pulse. As a result of the injuries he sustained, both of Derenalagi's legs were amputated above the knee. In a coma, he was flown back to the UK where, nine days later, he woke up in Selly Oak Hospital, Birmingham.
Athletics
Derenalagi is part of the Ministry of Defence's Battle Back programme, funded by the Help for Heroes charity. As part of the scheme he took part in a 2009 training camp at the United States Olympic Training Center at Chula Vista, California. He competes in the F57 Paralympic disability category for athletes with spinal cord injuries and amputations. At the 2012 IPC Athletics European Championships in the Netherlands, Derenalagi won the gold medal in the F57/58 discus. His winning throw of came in the final round of the competition and earned him a score of 826 points, enough to beat Russian F58 world champion and world record holder Alexey Ashapatov, whose throw of scored him 795 points.
Derenalagi was selected to represent Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics as part of a 49-member squad for athletics. He competed in the men's F57–58 discus event, which was held on 31 August 2012 in the Olympic Stadium. He is the first Fijian selected to represent Great Britain in the Paralympics.
Speaking
Derenalagi is an inspirational speaker and regularly speaks at schools, charity events, and businesses across the UK to talk about overcoming adversity, and achieving goals. He is represented by the speaking agency Military Speakers
References
1974 births
Living people
Fijian emigrants to England
British Army personnel of the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Mercian Regiment soldiers
British amputees
British male discus throwers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic athletes of Great Britain
British people of I-Taukei Fijian descent
is an anime series, and the first to be produced by Bones. The series was first aired on NHK BS-2 and ran for twenty six episodes, from October 24, 2000, till May 1, 2001. Created by Shō Aikawa and directed by Tetsurō Amino, the series' character designer and chief animation director was the late Hiroshi Ōsaka.
The series was subsequently aired by the anime television network Animax, who also aired it across its English language networks in Southeast Asia and South Asia.
Story
The series is set within the Meiji period of Japan, following a small boy named Hiwou. The townspeople have lived simply, making "Clockwork Dolls" or "karakuri" for festivals. Hiwou's father left the family on a long trip, and their mother has since died. The children live with friends.
Their simple life vanishes when the "Wind Gang" appears, destroys the city with their own clockwork dolls, and captures its citizens. Hiwō and his siblings and friends, Shishi, Machi, Tetsu, Mayu, Sai, and baby Jyobu (who are exploring a cave at the time), escape unharmed and embark on a quest to save the town. They take with them Homura, a huge clockwork doll that functions like a giant robot.
Along the way, they are forced to use their clockwork dolls as weapons - something they were never supposed to do, according to Hiwō's father. Early in the series, they meet Arashi, a member of the Wind Gang, and Hana and Yuki, two samurai daughters who ended up traveling with the group.
Hiwō and his friends encounter a number of historical figures, before these people entered the history books during the Meiji Restoration.
Production
Staff
Director: Tetsuro Amino
Music: Hiroshi Yamaguchi
Original creator: Shō Aikawa
Character Design: Hajime Jinguji, Hiroshi Osaka
Art director: Nobuto Sakamoto
Mecha design: Junya Ishigaki
Director of Photography: Youichi Ōgami
Color Coordination: Kenji Chiba
Historical Verification: Tetsunori Iwashita
Main Animation Director: Hiroshi Osaka
Sound director: Yasuo Uragami
Animation Production: BONES
Cast
Houko Kuwashima as Hiwō
Kaori Mizuhashi as Machi
Rikako Aikawa as Shishi
Akiko Yajima as Mayu
Haruna Ikezawa as Hana
Omi Minami as Yuki
Kazuhiko Inoue as Ryōma Sakamoto
Nobuo Tobita as Sai
Shinasichiro Miki as Arashi
Yoko Teppouzuka as Tetsu
Yuko Mizutani as Alexander
Yūji Takada as Aka
Masako Ebisu as Narrator
Chisato Nakajima as Child (ep 2)
Yukimasa Kishino as Gennosuke (ep 6)
Music
Opening theme
Hiwou no Theme by Hiroshi Yamaguchi
Ending theme
CROSSROAD by Kumiko Endō
References
External links
Official site
1999 manga
2000 anime television series debuts
Bandai Entertainment anime titles
Bones (studio)
Kodansha manga
NHK original programming
Films with screenplays by Shō Aikawa
Seinen manga
Maximo is enterprise asset management software originally developed by Project Software & Development (later MRO Software) with the first commercial version released in 1985. Purchased by IBM in 2005, it was branded as IBM Maximo Asset Management. With the release of version 8 in July 2021 the product was renamed to IBM Maximo Manage.
Maximo is designed to assist an organisation in managing its assets such as buildings, vehicles, fire extinguishers, equipment recording details such as details, maintenance schedules and participating in workflows to manage the assets.
History
Maximo was originally developed by Project Software & Development Inc (PSDI) which changed its name to MRO Software in 2000.
The product was acquired by IBM and placed in the Tivoli Portfolio. Previously the Tivoli portfolio contained software that was related to the Information Technology sphere; this acquisition brought management of non Information Technology assets into the portfolio.
With release 7.6 the program has been developed with options to be deployed in a multitenancy solution which has options for deployment to the cloud and delivery by Software as a Service (SaaS) solution. The program has traditionally been based on a character-based user experience known as the classic interface. Later versions have also provided a graphical interface termed by IBM as a Work Center based graphical interface.
In 2020, the IBM Maximo 8.0 release IBM Maximo Application Suite, where all licensed software and add-ons are integrated into one suite of applications, such as ViiBE integration in late 2021.
Architecture
Maximo originated as a stand-alone solution running on an IBM Personal Computer. it is supported on specified versions of AIX, Linux and Windows Server, previously HP-UX and Solaris were also supported. Successive versions have developed to leverage newer technologies. Interfaces have been developed for automated interfacing feeds, integration with enterprise level database, resource and reporting tools.
Pre-configured models for some industries are available including rail, nuclear and mining. Software is also available to assist in the interfacing with other software packages and protocols.
Disputes
Kalibrate Asset Management, a consultancy specializing in Maximo, is suing IBM for 500,000 dollars in a deal registration dispute. This suit was dismissed by the court on 23 March 2018 as Kalibrate had failed to demonstrate it had a contractual right to the commission, nor had it established a claim for misleading and deceptive conduct. Kalibrate was ordered to pay IBM's costs.
References
External links
Business software
IBM software
Isipathana College (formerly known as Greenlands College) is a national school for boys located in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Founded in January 1952, the school was initially named Isipathana Maha Vidalaya, but is now referred to simply as "Isipathana".
History
In January 1952, with an intake of 400 boys, who constituted the overflow from the Royal Preparatory School, Greenlands College was established in a coconut grove amidst Havelock Town on Greenlands Road (after which it was named), about in extent.
The first principal was B. A. Kuruppu (1952 -1959) who was then the vice-principal of Blue Street Central College, Kotahena.
The initial admissions were made by a Board composed of principals of Royal College Colombo and Thurstan Colleges and the headmaster of Royal Preparatory School; classes were organised in all three streams - Sinhala, Tamil and English, with a tutorial staff of seven teachers.
The college crest was designed by the first principal with the assistance of J. D. A. Perera and Stanley Abeysinghe of Heywood School of Art, it consists of a lighted lamp and an opened book with the motto "Strive with determination" below. The college colours are dark and light green which was selected from the name of the college (Greenland College).
The first sports meet was held in March 1953 and the first prize-giving in 1954.
The first issue of the college magazine came out in 1954. In 1956 Vihara Mandiraya and Chaitya were built to commemorate "Buddha Jayanthi year" at school premises. The college had adapted itself to the socio-cultural changes which were taking place since Buddha Jayanthi in 1956 which led to the renaming of the college in 1961. Greenlands Road had been renamed as Isipathana Mawatha after Isipathanaramaya Temple and the school was renamed as Isipathana Maha Vidyalaya. Within a decade Greenlands became Isipathana.
In 1962, the college was divided into two schools as Kanishta (junior) and Jeshta (upper) Vidyalayas (colleges) with two separate principals. In 1975 the Education Department amalgamated Kanishta Vidyalaya (junior college) with the Maha Vidyalaya (senior college).
In 1999 the schools were amalgamated into a single college under one principal.
The school currently has more than 5,000 students enrolled, from grades 1 to 13.
The school anthem is "Sarade Matha Isipathanaya apa..."
Houses
The students are divided into four Houses. The names are derived from four poets - Thotagamuwe Sri Rahula Thera, Rabindranath Tagore, John Milton and Muhammad Iqbal. The houses compete to win the inter-house games.
Tagore
Colour : yellow
Rahula
Colour : red
Milton
Colour : blue
Iqbal
Colour : Green
Sports
Cricket
An annual cricket contest match, Battle of Brothers, also called The Big Match, played against the school's traditional rival Thurstan College. The first Battle of Brothers was in 1963, there have been 57 matches played, with 41 endings in a draw. Thurstan College won seven times and Isipathana College five times.
Rugby
In addition to the 'Abdul Jabar Trophy' which is played with the traditional rivals Thurstan College, with most trophies won by Isipathana College.
The college commenced playing rugby as a competitive sport in 1963. Prior to this, it played a series of friendly games at under 17 levels. The first official match was against St Anthony's College, Katugastota, at which Isipathana won 8-3. In 1965 the school was officially affiliated as a SLRFU's school.
Notable alumni
Principals
References
External links
Isipathana Online Information Center
Hockey
SLRFU Captains
National schools in Sri Lanka
Educational institutions established in 1952
Schools in Colombo
Boys' schools in Sri Lanka
1952 establishments in Ceylon
Delphin Dougie Jerk Tshiembe (born 7 December 1991) is a Danish/Congolese footballer who plays as a centre-back for Fram Reykjavík.
Club career
HB Køge
On 1 July 2013 it was confirmed that Tshiembe had signed a contract with HB Køge. He played his first match for the club on 25 July 2013 against Lyngby Boldklub. He played the whole match. In March 2014, Tshiembe suffered a bad knee injury, and was out for the rest of the season.
AC Horsens
On 27 January 2016 it was announced that Tshiembe had signed a contract with AC Horsens. He made his debut on 20 March 2016 against Vejle Boldklub. He played 68 minutes, before getting replaced by Jonas Gemmer in a 3–4 defeat in the Danish 1st Division.
Hamilton Academical
On 7 August 2018, Tshiembe signed for Scottish Premiership side Hamilton Academical. He left Hamilton in May 2019.
HB Tórshavn
On 27 February 2020, Tshiembe signed for Faroese club HB Tórshavn who had Danish former player Jens Berthel Askou as head coach. He left the club again at the end of 2020.
Return to HB Køge
On 28 April 2021, Tshiembe returned to HB Køge on a deal for the rest of the season. He left the club at the end of the season.
Vendsyssel FF
Left without contract, Tshiembe signed a deal with Vendsyssel FF on 22 July 2021. He left the club at the end of 2021, as his contract expired.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Danish expatriate footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Danish Superliga players
Danish 1st Division players
F.C. Copenhagen players
HB Køge players
AC Horsens players
Hellerup IK players
Hamilton Academical F.C. players
Havnar Bóltfelag players
Vendsyssel FF players
Knattspyrnufélagið Fram players
Faroe Islands Premier League players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Association football midfielders
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Iceland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in the Faroe Islands
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
Danish people of Democratic Republic of the Congo descent
Art Brut vs. Satan is the third album by Art Brut, released in Europe on 20 April 2009 and in the US on 21 April. The lead-off single from the album was "Alcoholics Unanimous". The album was produced by Frank Black.
The album cover was designed by Canadian cartoonist Jeff Lemire.
Writing and recording
Explaining the concept behind Art Brut vs Satan, Argos has said; "With the first album, we were at our jobs still, so we were in studio at separate times and didn't see each other the whole time. I thought that was kind of weird. On It's A Bit Complicated, we tried to make a pop album and were tracking it individually as well, but we realized we're a punk band and wanted to do this album live for the first time and went into a room and bashed it out and pressed record and often went with the first take. Our songs are true stories and I wanted to do them once or twice and record them because you'll lose that sincerity if you do that again and again and again". As such, the decision to work with Frank Black was a simple one. "After we realized we wanted to do that we asked 'who is the expert at doing that?' and came up with Frank Black because that's how he did all of the (Frank Black and the) Catholics' albums. And also, he's cool and we wanted to hang out with him. (laughs) 'What excuse could we use to hire Frank Black?' And then he said that he liked us, so we signed him up".
"It was amazing, I was so glad when he agreed to do it. I thought I would be intimidated, because it's Black Francis you know? But it wasn't, it was amazing. He picked us up at the airport in his car, and he's just such a friendly enthusiastic man. It's hard to be intimidated by him, really, as he's just a good person."
"In the end, he was more like a conductor – we'd rehearse, he'd suggest things and then we'd record it in one take". "He saw the recording process exactly as we saw it", Jasper elaborates. "There was very little overdubbing and guitar trickery. We recorded it all live with Charles concentrating on song arrangement rather than on specific sounds. He let the whole thing run very naturally. As we were playing it all live we got a chance to try and capture some of the energy from the stage show, which for us is very important. I can't imagine recording each part individually now. It seems a little contrived. He was everything we could have expected and more." As a result, the album was completed very quickly. "We recorded the album in a punk-as-fuck two weeks. With Black Francis conducting us, we pressed record, jumped around and played our songs. This is how I always thought albums were made and it's definitely how we're doing it from now on".
Reception
{{Album ratings
| rev1 = Allmusic
| rev1Score = [ link]
| rev2 = The Fly
| rev2Score = <ref name="The Fly">{{cite web |first=Sophie |last=Thomsett |title=Review: Art Brut, Art Brut Vs.Satan''' |url=http://www.the-fly.co.uk/words/reviews/album-reviews/4614/art-brut |publisher=Mama Group |accessdate=15 June 2009 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20090805015221/http://www.the-fly.co.uk/words/reviews/album-reviews/4614/art-brut |archive-date=5 August 2009 |url-status=dead }}</ref>
| rev3 = NME| rev3Score = link
| rev4 = Crawdaddy!| rev4Score = favourable link
| rev5 = Pitchfork Media| rev5Score = (7.7/10) link
| rev6 = Planet Sound
| rev6Score = link
| rev7 = Robert Christgau
| rev7Score = (A-) link
| rev8 = The Skinny| rev8Score = link
| rev9 = This Is Fake DIY
| rev9Score = link
}}
Initial critical response to Art Brut vs. Satan was generally positive. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 75, based on 24 reviews. Pitchfork awarded the album a positive 7.7, stating in their review that "Frank Black gets the Art Brut spirit down on record better than anyone has before, with the blazing pop-metal vainglory of Weezer, the scruffy cheekiness of early Rough Trade bands, and lots of enthusiastic backing vocals. Fun for them, fun for us". NME's 8/10 review praised Eddie's "Jarvis-like confessional approach", particularly praising 'Am I Normal?', saying "the image of a 14-year-old Argos cowering from the object of his affections behind the magazine racks in WH Smith: truly, this is the indiest notion of all time." Spin'' gave the album 7/10, and said: "In a world where nothing is a metaphor, singer argos still just digs 'DC Comics and Chocolate Milkshakes,' 'The Replacements,' and records that are 'Slap Dash for No Cash.' And as long as he does, the band behind him will give him three chords and a wink". Crawdaddy! gave the album a glowing review, praising the group's "unbridled enthusiasm for the genre that they love and pay homage to". They also noted that "The Frank Black-helmed production lends Art Brut newfound confidence".
Track listing
An additional track, "Just Desserts" was recorded in the same sessions, and not included on the album, but leaked to the internet in advance of the album's release.
Two singles were released from the album. "Alcoholics Unanimous" came out two weeks before the album featuring "Just Desserts" as a B-side. "DC Comics & Chocolate Milkshake" was released as the second single in August as a download only featuring "Weird Science" as a B-side.
Credits
Eddie Argos - vocals
Ian Catskilkin - Guitar
Jasper Future - Guitar
Freddy Feedback - Bass guitar
Mike Breyer - drums
References
2009 albums
Art Brut albums
Cooking Vinyl albums
Albums produced by Black Francis
Downtown Records albums
Nawaminthrachinuthit Triam Udomsuksa Pattanakarn School (), commonly abbreviated as Nawamin Triampat, is a high school located in Bang Bo, Samut Prakan, Thailand It admits lower-secondary and upper-secondary students (mathayom 1–6, equivalent to grades 7–12). Founded in 1978 as a campus school of Triam Udom Suksa Pattanakarn School, Bangkok, Thailand.The school has five permanent buildings. There are six levels M 1-6 (Grade 7–12).
Buildings
Programs
Junior high school
High school
External links
School Official Website
NMR.T.U.P. Student Committee
NMR.T.U.P. Audio Visual
Schools in Thailand
Buildings and structures in Samut Prakan province
Education in Samutprakan province
Educational institutions established in 1992
1992 establishments in Thailand
Solar conjunction generally occurs when a planet or other Solar System object is on the opposite side of the Sun from the Earth. From an Earth reference, the Sun will pass between the Earth and the object. Communication with any spacecraft in solar conjunction will be severely limited due to the Sun's interference on radio transmissions from the spacecraft.
The term can also refer to the passage of the line of sight to an interior planet (Mercury or Venus) or comet being very close to the solar disk. If the planet passes directly in front of the Sun, a solar transit occurs.
Spacecraft-related issues
There is also a risk that an antenna equipped with auto-tracking will begin following the Sun's movements instead of the satellite once they are no longer inline with each other. This is because the Sun acts as a large electromagnetic noise generator which creates a signal much stronger than the satellite's tracking signal.
One example of limitations caused by the solar conjunction occurred when the NASA-JPL team put the Curiosity rover on Mars' surface in autonomous operation mode for 25 days during the conjunction. In autonomous mode Curiosity suspends all movements and active science operations but retains communication-independent experiments (e.g. record atmospheric and radiation data). A more recent example occurred with the Mars rover Perseverance in October of 2021.
See also
Conjunction (astronomy and astrology)
List of conjunctions (astronomy)
Opposition (astronomy)
References
Astrological aspects
Conjunctions (astronomy and astrology)
Satellite broadcasting
Spaceflight concepts
Zoltán Huszárik (born József Zoltán Huszárik, May 14, 1931 – October 15, 1981) was an influential Hungarian film director, screenwriter, visual artist and occasional actor, an acclaimed auteur of the European modern art film.
Huszárik was born in the small village of Domony, Hungary. His father died when he was two years old. Being an only child, Huszárik had an adoring relationship with his widowed mother. His background had a great influence on his work.
He was accepted to the Hungarian School of Film- and Theatrical Arts, but was expelled in 1952 because his family was blamed to be Kulaks. He took on different jobs, when—after a seven-year hiatus—he was again accepted to the film school in 1959. In the same year he made his first student film, a short entitled Játék (Game) about two prisoners playing chess with the shadow of their bars when the sun shines unto their cell. Huszárik's graduation film was another short entitled Groteszk (Grotesque) in 1963 about a strange train voyage of an artist carrying his own picture.
Huszárik made his first professional short film in 1965 at Béla Balázs Studios entitled Elégia (Elegy). This 20-minute experimental short film was generally acclaimed as being the starting point of a new visual style in Hungarian filmmaking. Often called a "film poem" or a "film symphonie" Huszárik's masterpiece consists of montages of horses from the dawn of time to the modern times from cave paintings to horse races, mourning the loss of these creatures and their service to mankind, starting as free animals and becoming slaughterhouse victims. The film is generally regarded as an allegory to the human fate.
Huszárik made another experimental short film called Capriccio (about snowmen melting in the spring as an allegory to man's ultimate fate - death) and a short documentary on Hungarian-born artist Amerigo Tot, both in 1969. He also directed several state-financed educational short films in this period.
In 1971 Huszárik finished his first feature-length work Szindbád (Sinbad), a highly stylized adaptation of early 20th century author Gyula Krúdy's short stories. The film depicts the life and memories of traveler and womanizer Szindbád (played by Zoltán Latinovits), who tries to recover his lost love before he dies. The film which covers time and memory in an unusual way, was praised by critics and was a commercial success upon its release and is generally regarded now as one of the best works of Hungarian cinema.
Huszárik made two experimental shorts in 1971 and 1976, entitled Tisztelet az öregasszonyoknak (Homage to Old Ladies) and A Piacere (As You Like It), respectively. The first is a homage to the old country widows whose husbands died in World War II and live their lives according to daily tasks and regulations until they die (which is mainly inspired by Huszárik's own mother). The second is a study of death in its various forms, including a gypsy "merry funeral" and stock footage of bombings and concentration camps in WWII.
The second (and last) feature-length film of Huszárik was made after a five-year struggle. Csontváry depicts the life of Hungarian artist Tivadar Csontváry Kosztka and an actor playing him in a film (both played by Bulgarian actor Ichak Finci), with the two men' lives interacting with each other. After the death of Latinovits, who was the original choice for the dual role, the film went on through several re-writes, re-shoots, casting and budget problems, finally ending up as the most expensive Hungarian production at the time. The film was finally completed and released in 1980. It was a huge failure with the public and critics also bashed it. Huszárik who was greatly exhausted, depressed and an alcoholic at the time committed suicide in 1981 at the age of 50.
Huszárik originally wanted to be a visual artist. He made several paintings, drawings and other pieces of art during his lifetime. He also took smaller acting jobs in the films of fellow Hungarian directors, including István Szabó's Budapesti mesék (Budapest Tales). His daughter, Kata Huszárik is an acclaimed actress.
Filmography
1959: Játék (Game) (short, student film)
1963: Groteszk (Grotesque) (short, student film)
1965: Elégia (Elegy) (short)
1967: Egy mentőorvos naplójából (Diary of an Ambulance Doctor) (short, documentary)
1967: Maszkot akarok (I Want a Mask) (TV, short, documentary)
1968: Heten a hegy ellen (Seven against the Mountain) (TV, short, documentary)
1968: Hegyi kiképzés (Mountain Training) (short, documentary)
1968: Ugye te is akarod? (You'll Also Like to Do It?) (short, documentary)
1969: Amerigo Tot (short, documentary)
1969: Capriccio (short)
1971: Szindbád (Sinbad)
1971: Tisztelet az öregasszonyoknak (Homage to Old Ladies) (short)
1976: A Piacere (As You Like It) (short)
1980: Csontváry
Source material
An Eastern European Picture-writer (Egy kelet-európai képíró) Article of Zalán Vince in the Hungarian Filmvilág (Filmworld) magazine, January 1982.
Commemorative program on the Magyar Televízió Hungarian Television on the 75th anniversary of the birth of Huszarik (May 2006)
References
External links
Victoria Loomes Szinbád: Hungary's finest Casanova Girls Do Film, December 30, 2011
Szendi Horváth Éva A new generation in Hungarian cinematography Diplomata (Diplomatic Magazine), 2009. (10. évf.) 3. sz. 40-41. p.
1931 births
1981 deaths
People from Pest County
Hungarian film directors
Suicides in Hungary
1981 suicides
The Soldier (also released as Codename: The Soldier) is a 1982 American Cold War action-thriller film written, directed, and produced by James Glickenhaus The film stars Ken Wahl, Alberta Watson, William Prince, Joaquim de Almeida, and Klaus Kinski, that featured a cameo by rising country superstar George Strait. The film was shot on location in Philadelphia, Buffalo and New York City, New York, West Berlin, and Israel. The ski sequence was filmed in St Anton am Arlberg in Austria. The original score was composed and performed by the German electronic band Tangerine Dream.
Plot
Renegade KGB agents, headed by Ivan, hijack a plutonium shipment inside the United States and use it to plant a nuclear device in the Saudi Arabian Ghawar Oil Field. They threaten to detonate it, thereby contaminating 50% of the world's oil reserve, unless Israel withdraws its settlements from the West Bank. In Washington, the American President contemplates starting a war with Israel, in order to save the world from a potential oil crisis. Washington is unaware that the KGB are behind this threat. The President orders the head of the CIA to find out who has planted the bomb and to do anything he can to stop this. The Soldier is then activated.
An elite CIA agent codenamed 'The Soldier' (Ken Wahl), working outside the usual channels, is assigned to the case. After Russian agent Dracha attempts to terminate him in the Austrian Alps, he contacts the CIA director from the US embassy in West Berlin. A KGB agent assassinates the director and frames The Soldier for his murder, leaving no official knowledge of his activities other than the president, who has disavowed any knowledge of his actions. On the run from his own government, he seeks refuge in the Israeli embassy. He and his team cooperate with the Israeli Mossad, represented by their director of covert operations Susan Goodman. Meanwhile, the president authorizes military action against Israel.
Given the unpleasant options of the KGB destroying a large part of the world's oil supply or the United States having to invoke a military response to force Israel to remove its settlements from the West Bank, the Soldier decides to take a third option. His team infiltrates and captures a US nuclear missile silo in Smith Center, Kansas, and obtains independent launch capability. As the American military launches their air strikes toward Israel, The Soldier and Susan break into East Berlin by launching their Porsche over the Berlin Wall, confronting the KGB agents and informing them that if their nuke in Saudi Arabia is detonated, his team in Smith Center will nuke Moscow. This forces the Russian KGB to dismantle their device in Saudi Arabia and the American air strike is recalled.
Cast
Ken Wahl as The Soldier, CIA Special Activities Division Operative
Alberta Watson as Susan Goodman, Israeli Mossad Director of Special Operations
William Prince as The President
Jeremiah Sullivan as Ivan, rogue Soviet KGB Agent
Joaquim de Almeida as ,Unus, CIA Special Activities Division Operative
Peter Hooten as Duo, CIA Special Activities Division Operative
Steve James as Tribus, CIA.Special Activities Division Operative
Alexander Spencer as Quartus, CIA Special Activities Division Operative
Klaus Kinski as Dracha,rogue Soviet KGB Agent
Al Israel as Keene
Ned Eisenberg as Hirsch
Martin Höner as Michael
Jeffrey Jones as US Assistant Secretary of Defense
Željko Ivanek as rouge KGB Agent Bomb maker/Cleaning Lady
Ron Harper as Head of CIA
Reuben Singer as Israeli Prime Minister
George Strait has a cameo appearance as himself, performing the song "Fool-Hearted Memory".
According to an interview with director James Glickenhaus, the scene with Klaus Kinski was added when the production was under budget and they were able to get Kinski for one day.
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack was performed and recorded by Tangerine Dream. All tracks were composed by Edgar Froese, Chris Franke, and Johannes Schmoelling. The soundtrack was released as part of the box set Pilots of Purple Twilight (The Virgin Recordings 1980-1983) (2020). "The Soldier: Opening Theme" was released on the bootleg '70/90 (1990). "Soldier on the Beach" was released on the fan release Tangerine Tree Volume 50: Assorted Secrets 2 (2004).
References
External links
1982 films
1982 action thriller films
1980s spy films
American spy films
American action thriller films
Central Intelligence Agency in fiction
Cold War spy films
Embassy Pictures films
Films about terrorism
Films directed by James Glickenhaus
Films scored by Tangerine Dream
Films set in Austria
Films set in Berlin
Films set in East Germany
Films set in Jerusalem
Films set in Kansas
Films set in Minsk
Films set in Ontario
Films set in Paris
Films set in Philadelphia
Films set in Saudi Arabia
Films set in Tel Aviv
Films set in West Germany
Techno-thriller films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
The Cyprus national football team () represents Cyprus in international football and is controlled by the Cyprus Football Association, the governing body for football in Cyprus. Cyprus' home ground is the GSP Stadium in Nicosia and the current coach is Temur Ketsbaia.
History
The team's first match took place on 23 July 1949, one year after becoming a member of the world governing body FIFA: a friendly against Maccabi Tel Aviv in Tel Aviv, ending in a 3–3 draw. Seven days later, the team had its first international game: a 3–1 defeat against Israel in the same city.
In November 1960, following independence from British rule, Cyprus drew its first post-independence official match 1–1 against Israel, as part of the 1962 FIFA World Cup qualifying tournament. Cyprus' first international victory was a 3–1 win against Greece on 27 November 1963 in a friendly. On 17 February 1968, Cyprus recorded their first competitive win, beating Switzerland 2–1 in a European Championship qualifying match in Old GSP Stadium in Nicosia.
In 1974, the national team enjoyed one of their most famous victories when they beat Northern Ireland 1–0 in Nicosia. On 12 February 1983, as part of the Euro 1984 qualifiers, Cyprus held world champions Italy to a 1–1 draw in Tsirio Stadium in Limassol, followed a month later by the same result against Czechoslovakia. Four years later, in the Euro 1988 qualification, Cyprus recorded their first ever point achieved in an away match, against Poland. In 1989 they drew 1–1 with France in the World Cup qualifying match. Despite a number of triumphs on home soil, Cyprus had to wait until 1992 to record their first away win: a 2–0 victory against the Faroe Islands.
Results in qualifying tournaments have also improved considerably in recent times. In the qualifying stages for the 1996 UEFA European Championship, Cyprus drew 1–1 with holders Denmark. Four years later, they missed out on a place in the UEFA Euro 2000 despite 3–2 victories against both Spain and Israel and a 4–0 win over San Marino.
On 15 November 2000, Cyprus scored their biggest win in history by beating Andorra in Limassol 5–0 in the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification. On 7 October 2006, as part of the Euro 2008 qualifiers, Cyprus caused a major upset by beating the Republic of Ireland 5–2 at GSP Stadium in Nicosia, with Michalis Konstantinou and Constantinos Charalambidis each scoring two goals and Alexandros Garpozis finishing off the match. Just one month later, on 15 November 2006, they caused another surprise by holding the previous World Cup's hosts Germany to a 1–1 draw at home. On 13 October 2007, they beat Wales 3–1 in Nicosia. On 17 October 2007, Cyprus came close to a historic away victory in Dublin against the Republic of Ireland, but the hosts equalised in the last minute of the game and the match ended 1–1. On 3 September 2010, as part of the Euro 2012 qualifiers, Cyprus claimed a historic 4–4 draw against Portugal in Guimarães.
During the Euro 2016 qualification phase, Cyprus, managed by Pambos Christodoulou, claimed one of their most historic victories by defeating 2014 World Cup participant Bosnia 2–1 in Zenica. In the last group match, the team faced Bosnia, needing a victory to finish 3rd and rely on Belgium to beat Israel in Brussels. As fate would have it, the Bosnians won the reverse leg 3–2 and qualified to the play-offs at the expense of the home team, who at one point took a 2–1 lead during the first half and for a number of minutes held onto 3rd place and a berth in the play-offs for the first time in history, as Belgium, a soon-to-be world number 1 side, were comfortably beating Israel at home.
Cyprus would finish behind Estonia and ahead of Gibraltar to place 5th of 6 teams in Group H in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. Their qualification run would include an impressive 3–2 home victory over Bosnia.
In the Euro 2020 qualifiers, Cyprus beat San Marino 5-0 but they lost to Belgium and Scotland. Even though they beat Kazakhstan 1–2 away from home, they lost their last three games and finished 4th out of 6 teams in the group, just ahead of Kazakhstan and San Marino.
The 2020–21 UEFA Nations League was a big disappointment for Cyprus. They lost their first three games against Montenegro 0–2, Azerbaijan 0–1 and Luxembourg 2–0 and drew with Azerbaijan 0–0 in the fourth game. Even though they beat Luxembourg 2–1 at home, they were crushed 4–0 by Montenegro in their last game and finished last in their group. This meant that they had to face Estonia in the relegation play-offs. They defeated Estonia 2–0 on aggregate, with goals from Marinos Tzionis and Pieros Sotiriou.
Kit
On 7 October 2006, Diadora unveiled Cyprus' new kit. It outlines a map of Cyprus in amber from the shoulder to the sleeve, with a green line running down the middle to indicate the division of the island. This controversial kit was used for the UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying phase. Then, Adidas made Cyprus' kits for the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification, the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying and the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification phases. In 2018, Macron replaced Adidas as part of UEFA's Kit Assistance Scheme.
Home stadium
Cyprus currently play their home matches at the GSP Stadium in Nicosia or the AEK Arena in Larnaca. Home matches had previously been staged at different stadiums all around the country. Until 1974, Cyprus used either the old GSP Stadium in central Nicosia or the GSE Stadium in Famagusta. After the Turkish invasion of Cyprus, some matches were played at the Tsirion Stadium in Limassol and the Makario Stadium in Nicosia. In 1999, the building of the New GSP Stadium in Nicosia provided a new home for the national team but in 2008, a change of sponsorship forced home fixtures of the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification phase to be played at the Antonis Papadopoulos Stadium in Larnaca. However, Cyprus returned to the GSP Stadium for the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying phase.
Recent results and forthcoming fixtures
2021
2022
Coaching staff
Coaching history
.
Argyrios Gavalas (1960–1967)
Pambos Avraamidis (1968–1969)
Ray Wood (1970–1971)
Sima Milovanov (1972)
Pambos Avraamidis (1972–1974)
Panikos Iakovou (1974)
Pambos Avraamidis (1975)
Kostas Talianos (1976)
Panikos Krystallis (1976–1977)
Andreas Lazarides (1977)
Kostas Talianos (1978–1982)
Vasil Spasov (1982–1984)
Panikos Iakovou (1984–1987)
Takis Charalambous (1987)
Panikos Iakovou (1988–1991)
Andreas Michaelides (1991–1996)
Stavros Papadopoulos (1997)
Panikos Georgiou (1997–1999)
Stavros Papadopoulos (1999–2001)
Takis Charalambous (2001)
Momčilo Vukotić (2001–2004)
Angelos Anastasiadis (2005–2011)
Nikos Nioplias (2011–2013)
Pambos Christodoulou (2014–2015)
Christakis Christoforou (2015–2017)
Ran Ben Shimon (2017–2020)
Johan Walem (2020–2021)
Nikos Kostenoglou (2021–2022)
Temur Ketsbaia (2022–)
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the 2022–23 UEFA Nations League matches.
Match dates: 2, 5, 9 and 12 June 2022.
Opposition: , (twice) and Caps and goals correct as of:' 2 June 2022, after the match against .
Recent call-ups
The following players have also been called up to the Cyprus squad within the last 12 months and are still available for selection.
INJ Player withdrew from the squad due to an injury.
PRE Preliminary squad.
RET Retired from international football.
SUS Suspended
Player recordsPlayers in bold are still active with Cyprus.''
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive Record
All-time record
.
FIFA World Cup record
UEFA European Championship record
UEFA Nations League record
Head-to-head record
As of 30 March 2021.
References
Notes
Citation
External links
Official Site
RSSSF archive of results 1949–
RSSSF archive of most capped players and highest goalscorers
RSSSF archive of coaches 1929–
1949 establishments in Cyprus
European national association football teams
Football in Cyprus
Viacheslav Mykhailovych Semenov (18 August 1947 – 12 August 2022) was a Ukrainian footballer played as a midfielder or striker.
International career
Semenov made his debut for the USSR on 29 June 1972 in a friendly against Uruguay. He played in the 1974 FIFA World Cup qualifiers although the USSR did not qualify for the final tournament.
Honours
Dynamo Kyiv
Soviet Top League: 1967, 1968
Zorya Voroshilovhrad
Soviet Top League: 1972
USSR
Olympic bronze: 1972
Notes
References
External links
Profile
1947 births
2022 deaths
Footballers from Kyiv
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
FC Dnipro players
FC CSKA Kyiv players
FC Zorya Luhansk players
FC CSKA Kyiv managers
Olympic footballers of the Soviet Union
Footballers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in football
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Ukrainian football managers
Zachary Ryan Thompson (born October 23, 1993) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball (MLB). He was drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 5th round of the 2014 Major League Baseball draft. He made his MLB debut with the Miami Marlins in 2021. Listed at and , he throws and bats right-handed.
Career
Chicago White Sox
Thompson was drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 48th round of the 2011 Major League Baseball draft but did not sign and attended the University of Texas at Arlington. He was then drafted by the Chicago White Sox in the 5th round of the 2014 Major League Baseball draft and signed. He made his professional debut with the rookie ball Great Falls Voyagers.
In 2015, Thompson played for the Single-A Kannapolis Intimidators, recording a 3–8 record and 4.44 ERA in 16 appearances. The next year, he split the season between the High-A Winston-Salem Dash and Kannapolis, accumulating a 9–8 record and 3.77 ERA in 140.2 innings of work. He remained with Winston-Salem for the 2017 season, pitching to a 2–7 record and 5.50 ERA with 73 strikeouts. In 2018, Thompson split the season between the Double-A Birmingham Barons and Winston-Salem, posting a 6–1 record and stellar 1.55 ERA in 43 games.
In 2019, Thompson split the year between the Triple-A Charlotte Knights and Birmingham, pitching to a 5–2 record and 5.23 ERA with 84 strikeouts in 75.2 innings pitched. Thompson did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season because of the COVID-19 pandemic. On November 2, 2020, he elected free agency.
Miami Marlins
On November 23, 2020, Thompson signed a minor league contract with the Miami Marlins organization that included an invitation to spring training. He was assigned to the Triple-A Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp to begin the season.
On June 5, 2021, Thompson was selected to the 40-man roster and promoted to the major leagues for the first time. He made his MLB debut on June 7 as the starting pitcher against the Boston Red Sox, taking the loss after allowing two runs on four hits in three innings; he recorded his first major league strikeout against Kiké Hernández.
Pittsburgh Pirates
On November 29, 2021, the Marlins traded Thompson, Connor Scott, and Kyle Nicolas to the Pittsburgh Pirates for Jacob Stallings.
Personal life
Thompson and his wife, Ashlyn, married in December 2017 and have one daughter together.
References
External links
UT Arlington Mavericks bio
1993 births
Living people
People from Burleson, Texas
Baseball players from Texas
Major League Baseball pitchers
Miami Marlins players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
UT Arlington Mavericks baseball players
Great Falls Voyagers players
Kannapolis Intimidators players
Winston-Salem Dash players
Birmingham Barons players
Charlotte Knights players
Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp players
Glendale Desert Dogs players
The 2022–23 season is the 104th season in the history of U.S. Salernitana 1919 and their second consecutive season in the top flight. The club is participating in Serie A and the Coppa Italia.
Players
Other players under contract
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 24 June 2022.
Coppa Italia
References
U.S. Salernitana 1919 seasons
Salernitana
Yonas Mellesse, known under the mononym YONAS, is an American hip hop artist from New York City. Between 2015 and 2018, Yonas sold over 150,000+ songs and 20,000 albums, and as of 2017 he had accumulated over 250 million streams digitally. His albums have consistently reached the top five of the iTunes Hip-Hop charts, the top 25 of the iTunes album charts, and the top 50 on the Billboard Hip-Hop charts.
Career
In 2009 Yonas released his first EP, New Golden Era, independently, winning a Billboard Songwriting Award for his single "Banga". A year later he followed with his first mixtape, produced by Sean Ross, entitled I Am Us, which attracted 30,000 downloads. In 2011 he released his first album on iTunes, The Proven Theory. The music video for his hit single "Shy Kidz" was featured on MTVu and Fuse TV on Demand as the fan-selected winner of an independent artist contest.
The Transition, which is considered Yonas's breakout mixtape, was released in 2012; it attracted 70,000 downloads in the first two months. Yonas was also featured as a Breakout artist in XXL magazine in June 2012. Thanks to The Transition's success, Yonas was able to land a 50-city nationwide tour in the fall of 2012, opening for former musical group AER. Yonas has performed with many notable musicians including Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, Wale, Juicy J, Timeflies, Gorilla Zoe, The White Panda, and Logic.
His music video "Fall Back" appeared in the motion picture, The Place Beyond the Pines (2012), starring Ryan Gosling and Bradley Cooper. His EP The Black Canvas, released on February 4, 2013, appeared as no. 4 on iTunes Hip-Hop/ Rap charts and no. 25 on the iTunes overall album chart.
Personal life
Yonas is married to Shaelyn Mellesse. The couple's daughter was born on March 3, 2018.
Discography
Albums
The Proven Theory (2011)
The Transition Deluxe (2013)
About Time (2018)
EPs
The New Golden Era (2010)
The Black Canvas (2013)
Going Places (2015)
Everyday Like It's Friday (2016)
Mixtapes
I Am Us (2010)
The Transition (2012)
The Transition 2: Bright Lights, Big City (2013)
Music videos
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Singers from New York City
American hip hop singers
American male rappers
Alternative hip hop musicians
21st-century American singers
Rappers from New York City
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sadarang (1670–1748) was the pen name of the Hindustani musical composer and artist Naimat Khan, who was active in the eighteenth century. He and his nephew Adarang changed the Khayal style of Hindustani music into the form performed today. Naimat Khan composed Khyal for his disciples and he never performed Khyal.
Sadarang served in the court of Mughal Emperor Muhammad Shah (ruled 1719-1748). Sadarang and Adarang remain influential in Hindustani classical music, mainly through their compositions. Salar Jung Nawwab Dargah Quli Khan, a young noble Deccani who lived in Delhi between 1738 and 1741, had the opportunity to hear Naimat Khan play the been. He wrote in Risala Salar Jung later translated as Muraqqa-i-Dehli, "When he begins to play the Been, when the notes of the Been thrown a spell on the world, the party enters a strange state: people begin to flutter like fish out of water (...).Na'mat Khan is acquainted with all aspects of music.Naimat Khan is considered unequalled and is the pride of the people of Delhi."
Naimat khan was the descendant of Naubat Khan. Another famous descendant of Sadarang was Wazir Khan of Rampur.
See also
Hindustani classical music
Naubat Khan
References
1670 births
1748 deaths
Indian male composers
Hindustani singers
Hindustani instrumentalists
17th-century Indian composers
18th-century Indian composers
Bandish composers
17th-century male musicians
A referendum on the resumption of European Union membership negotiations has been proposed to be held in Iceland. The referendum was suggested after the Independence Party and the Progressive Party formed a coalition government following the April 2013 parliamentary elections. The previous Social Democratic Alliance led government had suspended opening of new chapters within the accession negotiations prior to the election (the opened chapters are still negotiated about), and the incoming government vowed not to resume them unless they were first given a mandate to do so by a referendum.
Background
The then Social Democratic Alliance led government of Iceland applied to join the EU in July 2009 after the country suffered a severe financial crisis. Despite three years of negotiations, several major issues remain outstanding, including the Common Fisheries Policy. On 14 January, the Icelandic government announced that negotiations would be suspended until after the parliamentary election in April. No new chapters will be opened prior to the election, though negotiations will continue on chapters that have already been opened. The ruling left-wing parties suffered a major defeat in the elections, while the centrist Progressive Party had a large victory.
The leaders of the Progressive Party and the Independence Party, which both oppose Icelandic EU membership, announced on 22 May 2013 that a coalition platform had been reached that would suspend all accession talks with the EU and not resume them unless first approved by a referendum. The advisor to Sigmundur Davíð Gunnlaugsson, the incoming Prime Minister, stated that "later in the term there will be a referendum on whether Iceland should continue the talks, although no date has been decided." The new Finance Minister Bjarni Benediktsson stated that "We believe the accession talks were started without the necessary support in Iceland. We will not go further with the talks. We also have to listen to what the EU has to say about our approach; maybe it will make no sense to hold a referendum"
On 22 February, the governing parties agreed to formally withdraw the membership application, without first holding a referendum on the matter, and submitted a bill to parliament seeking their approval to do so. However, on February 25, Ragnheiður Ríkharðsdóttir, Chairman of the Independence Party parliamentarian group, announced her intention to not vote in favour of the proposal.
The Independence/Progressive coalition lost its majority in the 2016 Icelandic parliamentary election. After several failed attempts to form a government from alternative combinations, a new coalition was formed in January 2017, led by the Independence party and joined by Regeneration and Bright Future, both of whom support EU membership and the former of whom was originally a splinter movement that left the Independence party over this very issue. The coalition deal included a pledge to hold a parliamentary vote on whether to hold an EU membership referendum.
On 21 March 2022, party leaders from the Social Democratic Alliance, the Pirate Party, and the Reform Party, have submitted their proposals to the Althing that an EU membership referendum be held before the end of 2022.
On 15 September 2022, the three party leaders from those parties made a draft question to the referendum: "Do you want Iceland to take up the matter in negotiations with the European Union with the aim of concluding a membership agreement that would be submitted to the nation for approval or rejection? Answer options would be yes or no."
Public opinion
In May 2013 voter support for joining the European Union was at 25%. A poll released in January 2014 found that 67.5% of Icelanders support holding a referendum on the continuation of accession negotiations. The government's decision in late February to withdraw Iceland's membership application without a referendum led to thousands of protesters taking to the streets outside of the Parliament buildings in Reykjavik. By 28 February 2014, 82% were in favour of holding the referendum. , 53,555 people (22.1% of Iceland's voters) had signed a petition demanding that the promised referendum be held. A Gallup poll conducted in the early days of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine indicated a plurality of support among Icelanders (47%) for joining the European Union.
See also
Iceland–European Union relations
References
Referendums in Iceland
Referendums related to European Union accession
Proposed referendums
Arthur Snell (born October 30, 1975) is a British businessman, political commentator, and former diplomat who served as the United Kingdom's High Commissioner to Trinidad and Tobago from 2011 to 2014. His father is electronics engineer Roderick Snell.
Snell was born in South East England and attended Bedales School, later graduating from the University of Oxford in History. Following work at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in London, he held several diplomatic postings in Zimbabwe, Nigeria, Yemen, Iraq and Afghanistan. He was appointed the United Kingdom's High Commissioner to Trinidad and Tobago in 2010 and assumed his post in June 2011. He has also headed the Foreign Office contribution to the UK's "Prevent" anti-terrorism programme. Snell later left government service and is managing director of Orbis Business Intelligence, a risk consultancy, where one of his fellow directors is former MI6 officer, Christopher Steele who compiled the Steele Dossier on Donald Trump.
In 2020, Snell contributed to a report commissioned by Andrew Duncan, a Scottish-American film producer, which looked at attempts to influence UK elites by China, which was also contributed to by Christopher Steele.
Since January 2020, Snell has been a regular contributor and host to the political podcast The Bunker, which a spinoff of the podcast “Oh God, What Now?”. Later in November 2021, he started his own geopolitical podcast, called Doomsday Watch talking to experts about geopolitical issues. As the series completed, he later continued the Doomsday podcast in a series on the back of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, speaking with experts about conflict.
References
External links
Arthur Snell biography
Living people
Alumni of the University of Oxford
British diplomats
Year of birth missing (living people)
High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Trinidad and Tobago
Our Lady of Mount Carmel Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Redditch, Worcestershire, England. It was built from 1833 to 1834 and designed by Thomas Rickman in the Gothic Revival style. It is located between Beoley Road West and Holloway Lane in the town centre. It is a Grade II listed building.
History
Construction
After the Reformation a Catholic mission was maintained around Redditch. At first the mission was in Beoley and supported by the Sheldon family. From 1783, the mission was at Chapel Farm in Heath Green. The current church's site was bought by a local noblewoman, the Lady Catherine Smythe. On 11 February 1833, the foundation stone was laid. The local priest, Fr Bruno Tunstall contributed to the building costs. The church is only the Catholic Church designed by Thomas Rickman. On 24 April 1834, the church was opened. In 1872, the church was restored. The work was done by Hardman & Co.
Developments
Initially, the parish was served by Benedictine priests from Downside Abbey. From 1948, the parish was transferred to the care of priests from Belmont Abbey, Herefordshire. They served the church until 1968, when the parish was handed over to the Archdiocese of Birmingham who continue to serve the congregation.
Parish
Our Lady of Mount Carmel Church is its own parish. It has three Sunday Masses at 5:00pm on Saturday and at 8:15am and 6:00pm on Sunday.
Exterior
See also
List of new churches by Thomas Rickman
References
External links
Redditch
Roman Catholic churches in Worcestershire
Grade II listed churches in Worcestershire
Grade II listed Roman Catholic churches in England
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Gothic Revival architecture in Worcestershire
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United Kingdom
1833 establishments in England
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1834
Religious organizations established in 1833
Thomas Rickman buildings
Jimmy Walsh (1 January 1913 – 1 January 1964) was a British boxer who was British lightweight champion between 1936 and 1938. He should not be confused with the American World Bantamweight Champion, Jimmy Walsh.
Career
Born in Chester, Walsh made his professional debut in January 1931, a win over Young Curley at Wrexham. After winning his first three fights he suffered his first loss to Frankie Brown in December 1931, losing on points over 10 rounds. Five straight wins followed in 1932, including a point win over Joe Baldersara. He had mixed results over the next year but his fights included a fifth-round knockout of Len Wickwar and a win over Welsh champion Billy Quinlan. In the latter half of 1933 he twice beat Dave Crowley and took a points decision over Aine Gyde, although he ended the year with his second defeat to Sonny Lee.
His first fight of 1934 was a non-title fight in March against British lightweight champion Harry Mizler; Walsh took a 12-round points decision. His next fight was a 15-round points loss to British featherweight champion Seaman Tommy Watson in April. He won his next six fights, including two victories over French (and future European and IBU World) champion Maurice Holtzer. He was beaten on points in October 1934 by NBA World featherweight champion Freddie Miller, but won his next three fights, leading to a British title eliminator against Jimmy Stewart in February 1935; Walsh won on points but would have to wait for his title shot.
He was beaten by George Daly in another eliminator in July 1935 but three months later beat Belgian champion Francois Machtens. He won three and lost three of his next six fights, one of the defeats to Nel Tarleton, but in April 1936 finally got his British title shot against defending champion Jack Kid Berg at The Stadium, Liverpool. Walsh had Berg down twice in the first round, and after Berg sprained an ankle in the eighth, the fight was stopped in the ninth with Berg unable to continue.
Walsh won his next seven fights in 1936 before making the first defence of his British title against Mizler in October at the Empress Stadium, Earl's Court. The fight went the full 15 rounds, with Walsh retaining the title on points. He finished the year with wins over Benny Caplan, Aldo Linz, and George Daly.
In November 1936 a fight was agreed between Walsh and defending British Empire champion Laurie Stevens in Johannesburg, with a £1,000 stake, but the fight didn't receive BBBofC sanction and was cancelled. In December 1936 Walsh was offered a World title fight by defending champion Lou Ambers, but the fight never took place, with Ambers' demanded terms to fight in the UK described as "ridiculous" by Johnny Best of the National Sporting Club.
He fought 14 times in 1937, winning 9 (including a victories over future British welterweight champion Ernie Roderick, Dutch champion Robert Disch, and German champion Albert Esser) and losing 5 (to Wickwar, Mizler, Crowley, Phil Zwick, and George Odwell). He won his first 5 fights of 1938 before losing to Eric Boon. He made a second defence of his title in June to Crowley in June, losing it on points. Three months later he announced his retirement from boxing, although it proved to be only a temporary break.
Walsh was out of the ring until March 1939, winning on his return against Johnny Softley. He was unbeaten in four further fights, before retiring for good in 1940. A second fight against Roderick, which had been scheduled for August 1939 was postponed after Roderick suffered a cut eyelid in training.
Walsh married Mary Eileen Jones in Chester in July 1936.
References
External links
Career record at boxinghistory.org.uk
British lightweight title fight against Harry Mizler, 1936, British Pathé YouTube channel
1913 births
1964 deaths
Sportspeople from Chester
English male boxers
Lightweight boxers
Saints & Liars is the second EP by Noah Gundersen. The name of the EP comes from the track, "Middle of June", in the line "All the saints and the liars sitting by the fire/ what will happen to us now?"
It was recorded in the fall of 2009 with Karli Fairbanks. Several of the songs including "Caroline", "Middle of June", and "Oh, Death" appeared on Noah Gundersen's Myspace as early as September, but the album was released on October 9, 2009. The Courage held a release show the night that Saints & Liars came out to an overcrowded audience at The Q Cafe. Paige Richmond, a journalist for Seattle Weekly wrote a review three days later regarding the performance in a blog titled "Live review: Noah Gundersen Brings Q Cafe Crowd to Its Feet" praising the performance as well as the band's unity.
After the release of the album, the Courage became more dormant as Abby pursued her college career and the majority of the band's shows were performed Noah, Ivan Gunderson, and Travis Ehrentrom in Washington. The song, "Middle of June" appears on the television series One Tree Hill in the episode, "At the Bottom of Everything".
Track listing
"Ring A Bell" - 5:17
"Caroline" - 3:37
"Oh Death" - 5:03
"The Ocean" - 4:09
"Jesus, Jesus" - 3:42
"Middle Of June" - 4:03
Track 3 "Oh Death" begins with a quote of Camille Saint-Saëns' Introduction and Rondo Capriccioso in A minor on solo violin.
Personnel
Noah Gundersen - vocals/guitar
Abby Gundersen - violin/string composition
Karli Fairbanks - production
Daniel Mendez - mixing
References
External links
The Q Cafe website
Noah Gundersen albums
2009 EPs
Jiří Heller is a Czech sprint canoeist who competed in the mid-2000s. He won a gold medal in the C-4 200 m event at the 2006 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Szeged.
References
Czech male canoeists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
Florian Beck (born 7 January 1958) is a German former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics and 1988 Winter Olympics.
External links
1958 births
Living people
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of West Germany
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Diplochlamys may refer to:
a synonym for the plant genus Mallotus
Diplochlamys (protist), an ameboid protist genus in the family Microcoryciidae in the order Arcellinida
Tourettes Action is a United Kingdom support and research charity for people with Tourette syndrome (TS) and their families. TS is a neurological condition characterised by tics—involuntary sounds and movements.
History
The charity was founded as the Tourette Syndrome (UK) Association in 1980 by a small group of parents of children with TS, who came together for mutual support. In 2006, the charity relocated to London and substantially expanded its services. A windfall from Big Brother 2006 winner Pete Bennett gave the organisation the opportunity to plan for future development to reach a higher percentage of the 300,000 children and adults in the UK with TS. In June 2008 the charity adopted the name Tourettes Action, a new ID and website.
Aims and services
According to their website, Tourettes Action's goal is to help individuals with TS receive the practical support and social acceptance they need to help them live their lives to the fullest. It also funds research into treatment and diagnosis of TS.
Tourettes Action's services include a Helpline, information packs, conferences and workshops, support groups, camps for teenagers, help to find specialists, networks among professionals, ID cards for people with a diagnosis of TS, free monthly email newsletters and an online forum.
Ruth Ojadi, organiser of the London Tourettes Action group, appeared in a BBC documentary titled Tourettes: I Swear I Can Sing, broadcast on BBC in December 2011. The documentary follows her over a number of months as she focuses on her ability to sing and her newfound confidence.
References
External links
Official Tourettes Action Website
Health charities in the United Kingdom
Tourette syndrome organizations
Cardinal is an unincorporated community in Mathews County, Virginia, United States. Cardinal is west-southwest of Mathews. Cardinal has a post office with ZIP code 23025.
References
Unincorporated communities in Mathews County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Adria Kain is a Canadian rhythm and blues singer from Toronto, Ontario. Her full-length debut album When Flowers Bloom was released in February 2022, and was longlisted for the 2022 Polaris Music Prize.
She previously released several EPs, including Reverse Psychology (2016), DE(com)pressed (2017) and Still in Love (2018).
She identifies as queer.
References
21st-century Black Canadian women singers
Canadian rhythm and blues singers
LGBT singers from Canada
Black Canadian LGBT people
Musicians from Toronto
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Christian Weis (born 20 June 1968) is a former professional tennis player from Germany.
Biography
Weis, a right-handed player from Augsburg, turned professional in 1986 and featured mostly on the Challenger tour.
In 1987 he appeared in the main draw of two Grand Prix tournaments, partnering Hans Schwaier in the doubles at Palermo and qualifying for the singles at São Paulo, where he lost his first round match to Tore Meinecke in three sets.
Most successful on clay, he was the singles runner-up in two Challenger events in Brazil and partnered with Jaroslav Navrátil to win the doubles title at the Neu-Ulm Challenger.
After retiring from the professional circuit he continued to play Bundesliga tennis for TC Augsburg.
Challenger titles
Doubles: (1)
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
German male tennis players
West German male tennis players
Sportspeople from Augsburg
Tennis people from Bavaria
Finneas Baird O'Connell (born July 30, 1997), known mononymously as Finneas (stylized as FINNEAS), is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, and actor. He has written and produced music for various artists, including his sister, Billie Eilish. He has won eight Grammy Awards among 13 total nominations, including nominations for the Big Four categories. He has made history as the youngest act to win the Producer of the Year, Non-Classical category. For his work with Eilish, he has won Record of the Year twice in a row, Album of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Pop Vocal Album, and Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical. He was also nominated for Best New Artist for his solo work. Their song "No Time to Die" from the film of the same name earned him an Academy Award, a Golden Globe and another Grammy.
Finneas has released several singles as a solo artist, and his debut EP, Blood Harmony, was released in October 2019. The EP includes "Let's Fall in Love for the Night", his most successful song to date, peaking at number 17 on the US Billboard Alternative Songs chart. His debut studio album Optimist was released through Interscope Records in October 2021.
Finneas starred in the 2013 independent film Life Inside Out. He is also known for his role as Alistair in the Fox musical comedy-drama series Glee. He has also made an appearance on the American sitcom Modern Family.
Early life
Finneas was born in Los Angeles to actress and screenwriter Maggie Baird and actor Patrick O'Connell, both of whom are also musicians. Finneas is of Irish and Scottish descent. In 2010, at age 12, he took a songwriting class with his mother, and began writing and producing songs.
Career
Songwriting and producing
Finneas has said his experience playing characters helped with writing music for his sister Billie Eilish, because he writes from her perspective and for her vocal range. He stated: "Being able to hear an artist and emulate them has been a huge part of being successful as a producer and co-writer". When he writes for his sister, he wants to "write a song that I think she'll relate to and enjoy singing and empathise with the lyrics and make her own", and when he writes with her he tries to "help her tell whatever story she's trying to tell, bounce ideas off of her, listen to her ideas."
Finneas had written and produced his song "Ocean Eyes" originally for his band, and gave it to Eilish when her dance teacher asked them to write a song for a choreography. They posted the song on SoundCloud, garnering praise from various websites. Finneas's manager reached out to him in November 2015 to talk about Eilish's potential. Finneas then helped Eilish sign to the A&R company Platoon. He co-wrote and produced Eilish's debut EP Don't Smile at Me (2017), which peaked at number 14 on the US Billboard 200. Finneas also co-wrote and produced Eilish's debut studio album, When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? (2019), which debuted atop the US and UK charts. He won the 2020 Grammy Awards for Producer of the Year, Non-Classical; Record of the Year and Song of the Year for Eilish's "Bad Guy"; and Album of the Year and Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical for When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?
He has also been known to work with Grammy winners the Coutinho twins. He produced the 2019 single "Lose You to Love Me" by Selena Gomez, which peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, and two tracks on the 2019 album Romance by Camila Cabello. He also produced "Moral of the Story" by Ashe, and collaborated with John Legend on an unreleased song. O'Connell composed the score for the 2021 teen drama film The Fallout.
Solo music career
He is the lead singer and songwriter of the band The Slightlys, which played the Warped Tour in 2015. His first solo single, "New Girl", was released in 2016, with the music video released in 2019. In 2017, he released the single "I'm in Love Without You", and eight singles in 2018: "Break My Heart Again", "Heaven", "Life Moves On", "Landmine", "Hollywood Forever", "College", "Luck Pusher", and "Let's Fall in Love for the Night". In early 2019, Finneas played his first sold-out headline shows in New York and Los Angeles.
His debut EP, Blood Harmony, was released on October 4, 2019. The EP's first single, "I Lost a Friend", was released on June 25, 2019, while the second single, "Shelter", was released on August 22, 2019, and the third single, "I Don't Miss You At All", on September 20, 2019. In October 2019, he embarked on his first headlining tour, in five cities in the US, in addition to a performance at Austin City Limits.
On August 7, 2020, he released a surprise deluxe version of Blood Harmony, featuring two new tracks, "Break My Heart Again" and "Let's Fall in Love for the Night (1964)", the latter being an alternate version of the sixth track, "Let's Fall in Love for the Night". About two weeks later, O'Connell released a single titled "What They'll Say About Us". It peaked at number 17 on the US Billboard Alternative Songs chart. On October 21, Finneas released his single "Can't Wait to Be Dead" about his love-hate relationship with the Internet, along with a visual directed by Constellation Jones the following day.
Finneas is one of 12 artists featured on Ringo Starr's 2021 EP Zoom In, contributing backing vocals to the song "Here's to the Nights". On March 2, 2021, Finneas and Ashe released a collaboration titled "Till Forever Falls Apart", which he co-wrote and produced.
On August 5, 2021, Finneas announced that his debut studio album Optimist would be released on October 15, 2021 through Interscope Records, and shared its lead single "A Concert Six Months from Now". He also composed the scores to the films The Fallout (2021), and Vengeance (2022).
Acting
In 2011, Finneas played a student in the comedy film Bad Teacher. In 2013, he co-starred in Life Inside Out, written by and starring his mother Maggie Baird. He had recurring guest roles on Modern Family and Aquarius, and played Alistair in the final season of the musical comedy-drama television series Glee in 2015.
Personal life
Finneas is based in Los Angeles. He has been in a relationship with YouTuber Claudia Sulewski since September 2018. His single "Claudia" was written after the night they met.
He was raised vegetarian, before then becoming vegan.
Discography
Studio albums
Optimist (2021)
EPs
Blood Harmony (2019)
Soundtrack albums
The Fallout (2021)
Vengeance (2022)
Tours
Headlining tours
Optimist Tour (2021)
Filmography
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
21st-century American male actors
21st-century American male singers
American agnostics
American male film actors
American male television actors
American people of Irish descent
American people of Scottish descent
Best Original Song Academy Award-winning songwriters
California Democrats
Billie Eilish
Golden Globe Award-winning musicians
Grammy Award winners
Male actors from California
Record producers from Los Angeles
Singers from Los Angeles
Singer-songwriters from California
Women Disobey was a protest in Washington, D.C. on June 28, 2018. The protests against the Trump administration family separation policy were organized by Women's March. They took place in the streets around the Robert F. Kennedy Department of Justice Building and inside the Hart Senate Office Building. Following acts of mass civil disobedience, 575 people were arrested.
Planning
The event was organized by several groups led by the organizers of the 2017 and 2018 Women's March. Among the organizations involved in planning the protest were the Black Women's Roundtable, CASA de Maryland, Center for Popular Democracy, MPower Change, and the UndocuBlack Network. Linda Sarsour was one of the organizers of the event.
In the lead-up to the event, organizers held direct action training sessions.
Participation
Participants in the event were estimated to number in the thousands. Organizers claimed that 2,500 women from 47 states were present at the protest. They blocked streets around the Robert F. Kennedy Department of Justice Building as they demanded "abolish ICE", the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency.
Protesters began their march at the Freedom Plaza, continued to the Kennedy Building, and ended near the US Capitol. As they passed the Trump International Hotel, they shouted "Shame! Shame! Shame!" Several politicians showed their support for the protests including Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Representatives Nydia Velázquez of New York, Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas, and Senator Tammy Duckworth of Illinois, who spoke while holding her 11-week-old daughter.
Some of the protesters organized a sit-in at the foot of Alexander Calder's Mountains and Clouds sculpture located in the atrium of the Hart Senate Office Building. The protesters wore silver thermal blankets reminiscent of migrant children in detention. The United States Capitol Police arrested about 575 protesters, including Representative Pramila Jayapal of Washington and actress Susan Sarandon. Around 3 p.m. local time, police began arresting protesters in groups of about a dozen and escorted them out of the building. It took nearly an hour for police to clear the building. Participants in the event were inside the building for more than two hours. Women's March announced that the total number of arrests was 630.
References
External links
Women's March website
Center for Popular Democracy website
CASA de Maryland website
2018 in American politics
2018 in Washington, D.C.
2018 protests
Immigration policy of Donald Trump
Immigration-related protests
June 2018 events in the United States
Protests against Donald Trump
Protests in Washington, D.C.
McIntosh County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 14,333. The county seat is Darien.
McIntosh County is included in the Brunswick, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Colonial and Revolutionary period
The area which was formally named McIntosh County was originally settled by the British in 1721 with the construction of Fort King George, which was part of a set of forts built as a buffer between the British colonies to the north and Spanish Florida to the south, under the direction of General James Oglethorpe. New Inverness (later named Darien) was founded in 1736 by Scottish Highlanders who were enticed to move to Georgia by General Oglethorpe. In 1760 the British built Fort Barrington on the north side of the Altamaha River about 12 miles (19 km) northwest of present-day Darien. It was used for decades as a transportation and communication center up and down coastal Georgia. The County split off from Liberty County in 1793. The new county was named McIntosh for its most famous family, which included Lachlan McIntosh, who was a general in the Continental Army. The McIntosh clan in Darien dates back to 1736.
Civil War period
Few Georgia counties suffered during the Civil War as much as McIntosh County. The agricultural loss of the plantations was devastating. Even the lumber industry was destroyed, along with the once-thriving seaport town of Darien, Georgia which was the result of the burning of Darien in the "total war" tactics of James Montgomery in June 1863.
Capture of 26 old men
After the burning of Darien in 1863 under the command of U.S. Army Col. James Montgomery, the area was left mostly defenseless. A group of civilians, generally too old for military service, were the only defense against looting by the U.S. military from the naval blockade boats. The men were meeting at Ebenezer Church on the night of August 3, 1864. A spy told the U.S. military about the meeting. U.S. troops surrounded the church and opened fire. The 26 men were captured, marched to near Darien (about 10 miles away), put on ships and sent to prisons in the north.
Reconstruction
From the end of the Civil war to Georgia's 1907 disenfranchisement laws, McIntosh County was a base of black political power in the state. “Tunis Campbell was the highest-ranking and most influential African American politician in nineteenth-century Georgia,” according to the New Georgia Encyclopedia. In March 1865, Tunis G. Campbell Sr. was put in supervision of land claims at the Freedmen's Bureau for a group of Georgia barrier islands, including Sapelo in McIntosh County. After the land in question was returned to plantation owners by President Andrew Johnson, “Campbell quickly purchased 1,250 acres at Belle Ville in McIntosh County and there established an association of black landowners to divide parcels and profit from the land.”
After the military registration carried out in early 1867, 600 black people and 307 white people were on the voter rolls in McIntosh. In late 1867, Campbell was elected as one of two delegates from the second senatorial district – Liberty, McIntosh, and Tattnall counties – to Georgia's constitutional convention. In April 1868, Campbell was elected as the state senator for the second district, and his son Tunis G. Campbell Jr. was elected as state representative for McIntosh County. While both Campbells were among the black legislators expelled later in 1868, they were able to return to office in 1871; Campbell Sr. left office in 1872, while Campbell Jr. served until 1874.
Campbell Sr. also served as the Vice President of the Georgia Republican Party. As an elected official, “Campbell [Sr.] organized a black power structure in McIntosh County that protected freed people from white abuses, whether against their bodies or in labor negotiations,” and he was rumored to be protected by a 300-person militia. In fact, that power structure lasted for decades, as evidenced by the fact that the county had three black representatives from 1875 to 1907: Amos R. Rodgers (1878-9), Lectured Crawford (1886-7, 1890-1, 1900-1), and William H. Rogers (1902-7).
Civil rights period
Despite its large number of black residents, McIntosh County politics continued to be dominated by whites well into the 1970s, even following the federal civil rights legislation of the previous decade. In September 1975, the Georgia Legal Services Program, on behalf of local NAACP members, filed suit in US District Court, alleging that women and blacks were systematically excluded from grand juries responsible for appointing members to the McIntosh County Board of Education. The following May, plaintiffs and county officials reached an agreement providing for random jury selection.
In 1977, the NAACP filed separate suits against McIntosh County and the City of Darien, alleging improper districting for county and city commission seats. The county settled out of court, agreeing to redraw its commission boundaries to include a black-majority district. The NAACP lost its suit against the city, but this decision was remanded and reversed in 1979 by the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Praying for Sheetrock: A Work of Nonfiction () by Melissa Fay Greene narrates the events surrounding the civil rights movement in McIntosh County, particularly the demise of Sheriff Thomas H. Poppell and the 1978 election of black rights activist Thurnell Alston to the county commissioner.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (26.1%) is water.
The vast majority of McIntosh County is located in the Ogeechee Coastal sub-basin of the larger Ogeechee basin. The entire southwestern border of the county is located in the Altamaha River sub-basin of the basin by the same name.
Adjacent counties
Liberty County (north)
Glynn County (south)
Wayne County (west)
Long County (northwest)
National protected areas
Blackbeard Island National Wildlife Refuge
Harris Neck National Wildlife Refuge
Wolf Island National Wildlife Refuge
Islands
Sapelo Island
Blackbeard Island
Four Mile Island
Creighton Island
Wolf Island
Black Island
Hird Island
Little Sapelo Island
Wahoo Island
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 95
U.S. Route 17
State Route 25
State Route 57
State Route 99
State Route 131 (decommissioned)
State Route 251
State Route 405
Traffic signals
McIntosh County is noteworthy for being the only county in its area having no cycled traffic lights. There are two flashing lights in the county, however. One is at the four-way stop intersection of US-17 and GA-99 in Eulonia, and the other is at the intersection of US-17 and First Street in downtown Darien. There have been discussions in Darien of placing a traffic signal at the intersection of GA-251 and US-17, as well as at the Interstate 95 exit ramps on GA-251, as traffic flow has increased in Darien in recent years. However, no definite plans have been made in regards to potential future traffic signals.
Railroads
McIntosh County is also one of just a handful of counties in Georgia that no longer has an active railroad. The short-lived Georgia Coast and Piedmont Railroad once ran along present-day SR 99 and SR 57 but was removed by 1919. The more recent Seaboard coastline Railroad ran north to south along the western part of the county, through Townsend for most of the twentieth century. However, the track from Riceboro in Liberty County to Seals in Camden County was removed by CSX in the late 1980s, leaving McIntosh County without any railroad track. Evidence of the railroad corridor can still be seen in many areas, though.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 14,333 people, 5,971 households, and 4,010 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 9,220 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 61.5% white, 35.9% black or African American, 0.4% American Indian, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.6% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 11.4% were Irish, 6.5% were English, 6.5% were American, and 6.0% were German.
Of the 5,971 households, 28.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.5% were married couples living together, 14.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.8% were non-families, and 28.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.91. The median age was 44.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,075 and the median income for a family was $51,765. Males had a median income of $35,473 versus $25,607 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,964. About 11.2% of families and 16.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.7% of those under age 18 and 13.3% of those ages of 65 or over.
The 2020 United States Census indicated that the county lost 23% of its population in the preceding decade.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 10,975 people, 6,042 households, and 4,065 families residing in the county.
Communities
City
Darien (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Crescent
Eulonia
Townsend
Valona
Notable people
Thomas Spalding (March 25, 1774 – January 5, 1851) United States Representative
John McIntosh Kell (1823 - October 5, 1900) Executive Officer of the CSS Alabama
Charles S. Thomas (December 6, 1849 – June 24, 1934) United States Senator for Colorado
Arthur Conley (January 4, 1946 – November 17, 2003) soul singer
Allen Bailey (March 25, 1989 – ) Defensive end for Kansas City Chiefs
Politics
See also
Fort King George
Fort Barrington
National Register of Historic Places listings in McIntosh County, Georgia
References
External links
McIntosh County website
History of McIntosh County
Historical Markers in McIntosh County
McIntosh County Shouters
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1793 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Brunswick metropolitan area
Gullah country
Populated places established in 1793
Krista Gerlich is the head coach of the Texas Tech Lady Raiders basketball team.
Playing career
Coaching career
Early career
West Texas A&M
UT Arlington
Texas Tech
Head Coaching Record
References
External links
Texas Tech biography
UT Arlington biography
Living people
Sportspeople from Lubbock, Texas
Texas Tech Lady Raiders basketball coaches
Texas Tech Lady Raiders basketball players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Basketball players from Texas
Lakshmipur Bhorang railway station is a railway station on Sahibganj loop line under the Malda railway division of Eastern Railway zone. It is situated beside National Highway 80 at Khidarpur, Lakshmipur Bhorang in Bhagalpur district in the Indian state of Bihar.
References
Railway stations in Bhagalpur district
Malda railway division
Cameraria guttifinitella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is widespread in North America.
The wingspan is about 7 mm.
The larvae feed on Toxicodendron pubescens and Toxicodendron radicans. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a flat, whitish blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. Often, two or more mines occur on a single leaf, so that, by the completion of larval development, almost the entire surface of the leaf is mined.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Bug Guide
Cameraria at microleps.org
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1859
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Leaf miners
Taxa named by James Brackenridge Clemens
Lepidoptera of the United States
Linas Antanas Linkevičius (born 6 January 1961) is a Lithuanian diplomat and a former Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of National Defence.
Early life
He was born into an engineer and teacher family. His childhood and school years were spent in Kaunas. In 1978, he graduated from the Kaunas 7th Secondary School with a gold medal. From 1978-1983, he studied at the Faculty of Automation of Kaunas Polytechnic Institute, graduating with an electrical engineering degree. During the rest of the 80s, he served as secretary of the local Lithuanian Komsomol district in Panemunė.
Political career
Linkevičius served as minister of National Defence from 1993 to 1996 and from 2000 to 2004. He was the Lithuanian Permanent Representative to NATO from 2005 until 2011.
Minister of Foreign Affairs, 2012–2020
In December 2012 Linkevičius was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Throughout his term as foreign minister, Linkevičius has corroborated Lithuania's status within many international and multilateral entities and organizations, including the United Nations, NATO and the European Union. He managed to establish strong personal ties with prominent international leaders like Laurent Fabius, Angela Merkel and Shimon Peres, whom he invited to be an advisor to the project of the Jewish Memorial Center in Vilnius, on the site of the Great Synagogue of Vilna.
He is known to be a partisan of international collaboration in fields like science, sport and the arts, in order to strengthen the image of Lithuania and to enhance its global standpoint.
In 2015, Linkevičius visited Saudi Arabia and met with the King Salman of Saudi Arabia. He said back then "I think that after this visit our relations will become much more systematic."
Linkevičius expressed deep concern over the escalation of hostilities in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh and called on Armenia and Azerbaijan to immediately halt fighting and progress towards a peaceful resolution.
On 9 March 2018, after Poland's referral to the European Court of Justice, leaders of Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia expressed their support for Poland over the Article 7 of the Treaty on European Union. On 13 September 2018, Linkevičius has re-confirmed Lithuania's stand: "We will oppose the sanctions against Poland. This dialogue is very complicated but we believe that the result will be positive."
Other activities
European Council on Foreign Relations (ECFR), Member
Political positions
Linkevičius has been a constant opponent within the European Union and NATO of compromises with Russia over Ukraine. When measures to re-engage Russia were discussed in Brussels, in January 2015, he strongly objected. "I do not think we should think how to re-engage; Russia should think how to re-engage . . . I see no reason why we should invent something," he was quoted.
"We can't trust a single word of the Russian leadership. [Russia's] statements are worthless," he was quoted as saying in a public speech in March 2015, scolding some of his European Union colleagues for being detached from "reality" in seeking to soften or unroll some of the sanctions against Russia.
In a newspaper column, in June 2015, Linkevičius warned Lithuania's NATO partners against regression to a mid-Cold War-like détente with Russia, as the one experienced in the late 1960s and throughout the 1970s. Russia, he wrote, no longer poses "a serious alternative to Western liberal democracy", and its adversarial relations with the rest of Europe are "just a Kremlin construct, invented by modern Russia to cover failures of reform."
Referring to Lithuania as a "frontline state" with Russia, he urged in that column that "NATO's capabilities should be based on sober threat analyses, not illusions. Anything that the Kremlin perceives as weakness will encourage it to press ahead."
See also
List of foreign ministers in 2017
List of current foreign ministers
References
External links
Short biography
|-
|-
1961 births
Living people
Members of the Seimas
Ministers of Defence of Lithuania
Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania
Journalists from Vilnius
Recipients of the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana, 2nd Class
Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania politicians
Social Democratic Party of Lithuania politicians
21st-century Lithuanian politicians
Permanent Representatives of Lithuania to NATO
Cumbernauld East is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. It currently elects four councillors.
It was created in 2007 as Abronhill, Kildrum and the Village, covering those neighbourhoods within the town of Cumbernauld: Abronhill, Kildrum and The Village, returning three members. A 2017 boundary change led to the name being altered to a more general geographic description due to the town centre commercial area and the Seafar neighbourhood (excepting the McGregor Road area) being added, the electorate increasing sufficiently to return an additional councillor. In 2019, the ward had a population of 16,570.
Councillors
Election Results
2017 Election
On 19 June 2018, SNP Councillor Paddy Hogg of resigned from the party, describing the SNP group as 'toxic'; he thereafter sat as an Independent.
2012 Election
2007 Election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Cumbernauld
The Inisheer Rocket Crew were a group of men trained in maritime rescue, on Inisheer, one of the Aran Islands, County Galway off the coast of Ireland.
The was driven onto the rocks near Inisheer after heavy storms in 1960. Its crew of 11 men were trapped on the ship. The Rocket Crew rescued the entire crew from the stricken vessel using a breeches buoy. The breeches buoy had been in existence on the island since 1901, but had never been used prior to this. The Rocket Crew had only enough fuel to launch three rockets, and stood up in their necks in the water to rescue the crew.
The Rocket Crew consisted of Coleman Conneely, Andrew Conneely, Martin Conneely, Patrick Conneely x2, Martin Folan, Martin Flaherty, Edward Flaherty, Sean Sharry, Martin Sharry, Thomas Costelloe, Martin O'Donnell, Patrick Griffin and Michael O'Donnell.
The event is captured in a pictorial display at the National Maritime Museum in Dún Laoghaire.
References
External links
The Last Voyage of the M.V. Plassy
Gallery
Aran Islands
Shipwrecks of Ireland
Shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Maritime incidents in 1960
Ivan Samuco (born Ivan Conradus, February 25, 1957 and also known as Ivan Zamuco) is a former professional boxer from Curaçao, Netherlands Antilles. A practitioner also of volleyball and futsal, he is often considered one of the best athletes to be born in those islands and is inducted into the Curaçao sports museum.
During his career, Samuco won the WBC's Continental Americas Super-Featherweight title, beating the largely unheralded Aurelio Mena, 1–3 coming into their bout, by a twelve-round majority decision on December 21, 1979, in Willemstad, Curaçao.
Bout with Wilfredo Gómez
Samuco had the biggest fight of his career when he confronted the 38-1-1, 38 knockout wins former WBC world Super Bantamweight champion, future International Boxing Hall of Fame member Wilfredo Gómez. Few gave Samuco, coming in with a 17-3-1, 10 knockout wins record, a chance of beating Gomez during their April 23, 1983 bout. He had been a Continental Americas Champion at some point in his career. He was, however, announced as a "former WBC champion from Curaçao" on local posters and flyers promoting the fight, implying, but not actually saying, that he had indeed been a world champion himself at some point in his career.
The fight, held at Ponce, Puerto Rico, was won by Gomez by third-round technical-knockout when the referee Ismael Quinones Falu stopped the bout after a knockdown of Ivan Samuco.
After the Gomez loss
Samuco boxed four more times, including a bout after which his opponent Miguel Falero had his boxing license suspended for "fraud after a disgraceful performance"-Samuco won by fourth-round knockout-before retiring from boxing with 19 wins, 6 losses and 1 draw (tie) in 26 professional boxing matches. Later, he became a noted boxing promoter and trainer in his home country.
References
1957 births
Super-featherweight boxers
Boxing trainers
Living people
Arthur Cleveland Bent (November 25, 1866 – December 30, 1954) was an American ornithologist. He is notable for his encyclopedic 21-volume work, Life Histories of North American Birds, published 1919-1968 and completed posthumously.
Bent was brought up in Massachusetts, where he became interested in birds as a child. He was later successful in business and traveled throughout North America, acquiring an extensive knowledge of its avifauna. From 1901 he was contributing papers to The Auk, the journal of the American Ornithologists' Union.
Following a request from the Smithsonian Institution in 1910, Bent started work on the project that would dominate the rest of his life. Using his own experiences, the published literature, and contributions from hundreds of others, he put together what was at the time by far the most comprehensive repository of knowledge about the biology of the birds of North America. His accounts were published progressively in the United States National Museum Bulletin (NMB), and later republished by Dover.
In 1940 Bent was awarded the John Burroughs Medal for distinguished book-length nature writing. He was awarded the Daniel Giraud Elliot Medal from the National Academy of Sciences in 1949 .
Life Histories – publication history
1919 - Life Histories of North American Diving Birds (NMB 107)
1921 - Life Histories of North American Gulls and Terns (NMB 113)
1922 - Life Histories of North American Petrels and Pelicans and Their Allies (NMB 121)
1923 - Life Histories of North American Wild Fowl (part 1) (NMB 126)
1925 - Life Histories of North American Wild Fowl (part 2) (NMB 130)
1926 - Life Histories of North American Marsh Birds (NMB 135)
1927 - Life Histories of North American Shore Birds (part 1) (NMB 142)
1929 - Life Histories of North American Shore Birds (part 2) (NMB 146)
1932 - Life Histories of North American Gallinaceous Birds (NMB 162)
1937 - Life Histories of North American Birds of Prey (part 1) (NMB 167)
1938 - Life Histories of North American Birds of Prey (part 2) (NMB 170)
1939 - Life Histories of North American Woodpeckers (NMB 174)
1940 - Life Histories of North American Cuckoos, Goatsuckers, Hummingbirds, and Their Allies (NMB 176)
1942 - Life Histories of North American Flycatchers, Larks, Swallows, and Their Allies (NMB 179)
1946 - Life Histories of North American Jays, Crows, and Titmice (NMB 191)
1948 - Life Histories of North American Nuthatches, Wrens, Thrashers, and Their Allies (NMB 195)
1949 - Life Histories of North American Thrushes, Kinglets, and Their Allies (NMB 196)
1950 - Life Histories of North American Wagtails, Shrikes, Vireos, and Their Allies (NMB 197)
1953 - Life Histories of North American Wood Warblers (NMB 203)
1958 - Life Histories of North American Blackbirds, Orioles, Tanagers, and Allies (NMB 211)
1968 - Life Histories of North American Cardinals, Grosbeaks, Buntings, Towhees, Finches, Sparrows, and Allies (3 parts) (Arthur Cleveland Bent and Collaborators, compiled and edited by Oliver L. Austin, Jr.) (NMB 237)
References
External links
Arthur Cleveland Bent Papers, circa 1910-1954 from the Smithsonian Institution Archives
Arthur Cleveland Bent Ornithological Papers, 1880-1942 from the University of Massachusetts Amherst Libraries
Familiar Birds
American ornithologists
1866 births
1954 deaths
John Burroughs Medal recipients
Harvard College alumni
Burials at Mount Pleasant Cemetery (Taunton, Massachusetts)
People from Massachusetts
Verum Pechu Alla () is a 1956 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Joseph Pallipad. The film stars T. S. Balaiah and Padmini.
Plot
Maragatham is an innocent girl who grew up in a remote village. A zamindar sets eyes on her and she also yields to his passions dreaming that her child will be a Zamindar. But the zamindar deserted her. Maragatham's father pleaded with the zamindar to accept his daughter. The zamindar shot him dead. Maragatham became furious and vows in front of the zamindar that she will destroy him with the help of the child she is bearing. After 26 years Maragatham's son goes to take revenge from the zamindar. In the meantime, the zamindar is bringing up an adopted daughter. The young man falls in love with that girl. What happens next forms the rest of the story.
Cast
List adapted from the database of Film News Anandan.
Male cast
T. S. Balaiah
Nandaram
M. R. Sudharshan
Female cast
Padmini
S. Varalakshmi
Ragini
Production
The film was produced and directed by Joseph Pallipad. A. K. Velan and K. Paramanantham wrote the screenplay and dialogues. P. Ramasamy and V. G. Nair handled the cinematography. Sohanlal, Vembatti Satyam and Hiralal were in charge of choreography.
Soundtrack
Music was composed by C. N. Pandurangan while the lyrics were penned by Thanjai N. Ramaiah Dass, V. A. Gopalan and A. Maruthakasi. Playback singers are Jikki, (Radha) Jayalakshmi, U. R. Jeevarathinam, A. M. Rajah, Sirkazhi Govindarajan, S. C. Krishnan and K. R. Sellamuthu.
References
Jesús Javier Gómez Mercado (, born 6 August 1984) is a Venezuelan footballer that currently plays for Estudiantes de Mérida as an attacking midfielder or also as a striker.
Club career
Product of Estudiantes de Mérida youth ranks, Gómez made his professional debut in 2004, breaking out the first team in the 2005–06 season, where played very well, that sealed his sale to Moroccan side Raja Casablanca. However, failing to repeat his performances, he joined Syrian club Al-Ittihad, where he had rematch. On 12 March 2008, the player made his AFC Champions League debut in a 2–0 win over Sepahan, where scored the first goal after a free kick.
In June 2008, Gómez returned to Venezuela and joined powerhouse club Caracas, where he won his first professional title (2008–09 Primera División) and was part of the Copa Libertadores' historic squad, because "Los Rojos de Ávila" were the first Venezuelan team in achieve that tournament's quarterfinals. Also, Gómez was selected by FVF, clubs and players as Primera División most valuable player.
In early 2011, Jupiler League club Lierse signed Gómez for an undisclosed fee. However, he failed to play at Belgian club, so that joined on loan Wadi Degla of Egypt, where scored two goals in five EPL games. After a frustrating international spell, he returned to Caracas, for then join ACD Lara in mid-2012. After one season at Lara–based club, on 13 June 2013, he rescinded his contract, and joined Mexican club Delfines del Carmen.
International career
In August 2005, Gómez received a call-up to the Venezuela squad from coach Richard Paez, making his debut on 17 August in a 3–1 friendly match defeat against Ecuador, and scoring his first goal on 1 March 2006 during another friendly against Colombia in a 1–1 draw played in Maracaibo at Pachencho Romero.
International goals
Honours
Club
Caracas
Primera División (2): 2008–09, 2009–10
Copa Venezuela (1): 2009
Individual
Venezuelan Primera División Most Valuable Player (1): 2009–10
References
External links
SportsYA profile
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Maracay
Venezuelan footballers
Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Estudiantes de Mérida players
Raja CA players
Al-Ittihad Aleppo players
Caracas FC players
Lierse S.K. players
Wadi Degla SC players
Asociación Civil Deportivo Lara players
Dorados de Sinaloa footballers
Club Necaxa footballers
Atlante F.C. footballers
Atlético Venezuela C.F. players
Venezuelan Primera División players
Egyptian Premier League players
Ascenso MX players
Liga MX players
Expatriate footballers in Morocco
Expatriate footballers in Syria
Expatriate footballers in Egypt
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Morocco
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Syria
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Association football forwards
Syrian Premier League players
Venezuela international footballers
The A-T oil field is an oil field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea. It was discovered in 2010 and developed by Sterling Resources. It will begin production in 2018 and will produce oil. The total proven reserves of the A-T oil field are around 53 million barrels (7.5×106tonnes), and production is centered on .
References
Black Sea energy
Oil fields in Romania
TorrentFreak (TF) is a blog dedicated to reporting the latest news and trends on the BitTorrent protocol and file sharing, as well as on copyright infringement and digital rights.
The website was started in November 2005 by a Dutchman using the pseudonym "Ernesto Van Der Sar". He was joined by Andy "Enigmax" Maxwell and Ben Jones in 2007. Regular contributors include Rickard Falkvinge, founder of the Pirate Party. The online publication eCommerceTimes, in 2009, described "Ernesto" as the pseudonym of Lennart Renkema, owner of TorrentFreak. TorrentFreak's text is free content under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial version 3.0 license.
Their lead researcher and community manager is the Pirate Party activist Andrew Norton.
Specialist areas
According to Canadian law scholar Michael Geist, TorrentFreak "is widely used as a source of original reporting on digital issues". Examples are The Guardian, CNN, The Wall Street Journal, and the Flemish newspaper De Standaard.
Frequent areas of reporting include:
The City of London's Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit
United States Trade Representative and Notorious Markets reports
Anti-piracy web blocking
Torrent tracker news
VPN and seedbox reviews
File sharing website news
Copyright law news
Warez scene news
As well as other news affecting copyright, privacy, file sharing and adjacent topics.
History
On 17 August 2007, TorrentFreak reported that Comcast had begun throttling its upload bandwidth, specifically against BitTorrent users. This made seeding, which is an essential part of the BitTorrent protocol, effectively impossible. It was later determined that Comcast was using Sandvine products, which implement network traffic shaping and policing, and include support for both blocking new and forcefully terminating established network connections. Comcast has denied these claims whenever they have been asked to comment. A guide, for customer service representatives when asked about Comcast's BitTorrent throttling, was leaked to The Consumerist on 26 October 2007.
In October 2008 through to March 2011 TorrentFreak ran a short lived video news service titled 'torrentfreak.tv', directed by Andrej Preston, founder of torrent site Suprnova made available for streaming and download on Mininova.
On 21 August 2013, Comcast threatened TorrentFreak for writing about publicly available court documents. The underlying document links a Comcast subscriber with the Prenda Law firm. The court case where the document was filed was a copyright infringement lawsuit brought by AF Holdings for alleged infringement of an adult movie.
In August 2013, Sky Broadband blocked the site for UK customers after torrent site EZTV pointed its DNS servers to TorrentFreak's IP address and, in July 2014, the site was blocked by the controversial Sky Broadband Shield parental filter system.
References
External links
News websites
File sharing communities
BitTorrent
Publications established in 2005
Free-content websites
Copyright infringement
File sharing news sites
"You Should Have Been Gone by Now" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Eddy Raven. It was released in December 1985 as the third single from the album Love and Other Hard Times. The song reached #3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. It was written by Raven, Don Pfrimmer and Frank J. Myers.
Chart performance
References
1986 singles
Eddy Raven songs
Songs written by Frank J. Myers
Songs written by Don Pfrimmer
Songs written by Eddy Raven
Song recordings produced by Paul Worley
RCA Records singles
1986 songs
Banasura Hill Resort is a nature resort in Wayanad District of North Kerala, India; located away from Kalpetta, the district headquarters. It stands at an altitude of above sea level on a plot amidst the mountains of the Western Ghats declared as one of the traditionally preserved sites in the world by UNESCO.
Etymology
The resort is so named because it is located at the foot of the Banasura Hill which is the second highest mountain in Wayanad that often attracts climbers to attempt to reach the summit. Besides this, the Banasura Sagar Dam, which lies just 18 km from the resort and shares its architectural antecedents also had an influence in naming the resort.
Architecture
The resort's architectural design follows a construction based on rammed earth. The various living structures within the resort complex is constructed using mud excavated from the very site where it stands on. The main building has an area of nearly 20,000 square foot spread over two floors, and is made entirely out of mud, with a roof of bamboo and coconut palm fronds.
BBC News considers it as a mud haven – India's only "earth" resort and possibly the largest of its kind in Asia.
The idea behind Banasura
A considerable amount of research went in before deciding on the type of architecture to be used in construction. "Earth" architecture was chosen because it would cause the least amount of ecological damage while blending harmoniously with the micro environment around the site. "Earth" (mud) that is used for construction can be recycled indefinitely or left to disintegrate without causing any environmental degradation.
Research also threw up striking examples of large earthen structures that had withstood the test of time and survived for centuries. The Great Mosque of Djenné in Mali built in 1907, the Citadel of Rayen in Iran built during the Parthian rule (248 BC–224 AD); and the ancient city of Shibam in Yemen built in the 2nd century A.D are some such structures.
Inspired by these examples, rammed earth (or pise) was chosen as the architecture to be adopted for constructing the resort. This construction technique was developed in ancient China around 2,000 B.C and used predominantly to build protective walls around small settlements. The Great Wall of China is one of the best examples where rammed earth was used. Closer to the resort, the Banasura Sagar Dam, which is India's largest earthen dam, and the second largest in Asia, also prompted adoption of this eco-friendly design.
Size and challenges
Fairly large single-storied earthen structures are common in different parts of the world, but building a two-storied structure of such enormous proportions as that of the main building at the resort, was quite a challenge. Since the building was designed without any concrete pillars, extra attention had to be paid to load bearing and load balancing aspects to ensure stability.
Climatic conditions are a major concern while building earthen structures. Typically, earthen buildings are found in areas where the climate is dry and arid. Wayanad, where Banasura Hill Resort is located, has a tropical wet climate – also known as a tropical monsoon climate – with an annual average rainfall of well over 2,300mm. While the heavy monsoon rains are responsible for the tropical rain forests and the rich bio-diversity found in these parts, building a rammed colossal earth structure under such climatic conditions is a challenge. Despite this, construction of the main building was completed within 18 months.
Indigenous sustainable architecture
Banasura Hill Resort makes optimal use of environmental resources. As it is built using mud; the structures of the resort gel seamlessly with the natural surroundings. The design itself contributes actively to energy conservation. The thick earthen walls provide thermal insulation, keeping the interiors cool during the day and warm and cozy during the night, obviating the need for air-conditioning. The ambience that the interiors of the earthen structures provide is one of cool comfort.
Environmental conservation
Being an Eco Resort, Banasura Hill Resort has taken measures to conserve the ecological balance of the place and preserve its natural heritage and biodiversity. For example, Guadua bamboo saplings have been planted in and around the resort to create a bio-fencing. Its environmental benefits include regulating water levels, absorbing huge amounts of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere, producing oxygen, preventing soil erosion and conserving bio diversity. Also planted in thousands are seedlings of the highly aromatic Vetiver grass whose cluster roots run vertically like a mesh to a depth of almost 5m, effectively preventing soil erosion and arresting water run-off. These measures help to conserve the ecological balance of the place and preserve its natural heritage and biodiversity.
Plantations at the resort
The resort stands in the middle of a Tea estate. Large areas have also been devoted to the cultivation of pepper, coffee and arecanut. Tall Rosewood and Eucalyptus trees are a common sight throughout the resort.
References
External links
Banasura Hill Resort Official website
THE HINDU
MSN | Lifestyle
The Indian Express Indulge
Khaleej Times
Arab News
Deccan Herald
Yahoo News
Populated places in the Western Ghats
Resorts in India
Rammed earth buildings and structures
Sustainable buildings and structures
Buildings and structures in Wayanad district
Hill stations in Kerala
Organic architecture
Zhengdian may refer to:
Zhengdian (book), a 742 Chinese political treatise written by Liu Zhi
Zhengdian, Shandong, a town in Laoling, Shandong, China
Zhengdian Subdistrict, a subdistrict in Jiangxia District, Wuhan, Hubei, China
15th Nova Scotia general election may refer to:
Nova Scotia general election, 1836, the 15th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the 15th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1925 Nova Scotia general election, the 37th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 38th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 15th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
Statistics of the Chinese Taipei National Football League for the 2002–03 season.
Overview
Taipower won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Chinese Taipei National Football League seasons
Chinese Taipei
1
1
Nextflow is an open-source scientific workflow system based on the Dataflow programming model. Originally developed at the Centre for Genomic Regulation and released as an open source project on GitHub in July 2013. The software is now actively maintained at Seqera Labs by the original authors.
Nextflow enables scalable and reproducible scientific workflows, implicit data parallelism and fault tolerance. It allows the adaptation of pipelines written in the most common scripting languages. Conceptually, Nextflow is similar to other workflow management systems used in the life sciences field. Examples include Galaxy, CWL, Cromwell Workflow Engine, Apache Airflow, and Snakemake. In Bioinformatics, the terms pipeline and workflow are often used interchangeably to describe the steps involved in a multi-step analytic process.
Nextflow is a general-purpose workflow system, but it is most widely used in the life sciences industry for various applications including genomic analysis, imaging, and machine learning.
Overview
Nextflow provides a reactive workflow framework and a programming domain-specific language (DSL) that simplifies the development of data-intensive computational pipelines. The DSL is designed to be easy to learn to minimize a developer's learning curve. Nextflow's scripting language is an extension of the Apache Groovy programming language, which in turn, is based on the Java language.
In Nextflow, pipelines are constructed by logically connecting a set of processes, each with a defined set of inputs and outputs. Rather than running in a prescribed sequence, individual process steps run when their input channels become valid. Nextflow is said to be reactive because execution occurs when an input changes, typically an output from another process step.
While Nextflow's DSL is used to express workflow logic, developers are free to code workflow steps using their scripting language of choice. This allows existing scripts and workflows developed using other frameworks to be easily adapted to Nextflow. Supported scripting languages include bash, csh, ksh, python, ruby, and R. Any scripting language that uses the standard Unix shebang declaration (#!/bin/bash) is supported in Nextflow. Users can optionally mix multiple languages in the same Nextflow script. Developers can author and maintain Nextflow scripts using their preferred editor or integrated development environment (IDE). A sample Nextflow script is shown below:
process hello_world {
input:
val greeting
output:
path "${x}.txt"
script:
"""
echo "${greeting} World!" > ${x}.txt
"""
}
workflow {
Channel.of("Hello", "Ciao", "Hola", "Bonjour") | hello_world
}
The Nextflow execution model
In Nextflow, the execution of process steps is abstracted from the execution of the pipeline itself. This architectural approach enables Nextflow to scale to arbitrarily large computing environments and exploit parallelism to accelerate pipeline execution. Executors are Nextflow components that determine where pipeline processes are run and that supervise process execution.
The functional logic of a pipeline is independent of the underlying processing platform. Executor definitions are maintained in a separate Nextflow configuration file independent of the Nextflow workflow. This means that users can change where a Nextflow pipeline executes without needing to make any changes to the pipeline logic itself. Users can elect to run Nextflow workflows using any of the following executors:
Local – the default executor, where execution occurs on the computer where the pipeline is launched
HPC workload managers – Slurm, SGE, LSF, Moab, PBS Pro, PBS/Torque, HTCondor, NQSII, OAR
Kubernetes – local or cloud-based Kubernetes implementations
Cloud batch services – AWS Batch, Azure Batch
Other environments – Apache Ignite, Google Life Sciences
Optionally, Nextflow workflows can be configured to spread execution across multiple computing platforms. In Nextflow, Individual workflow steps are often executed in containers for portability across computing environments. Supported container frameworks include Docker, Singularity, Charliecloud, Podman, and Shifter.
Deployment options
The Execution model described above allows Nextflow to be deployed across diverse computing environments. Nextflow pipelines run on Linux or macOS. Because Nextflow decouples workflow execution from individual process steps, execution can occur on local compute nodes, on-premises or cloud-resident clusters, or public and private clouds. There are multiple cloud deployment options, including running on provisioned compute instances, leveraging a cloud provider's batch service, or leveraging cloud-based Kubernetes environments such as GKE, EKS, or AKS.
Cloud support
Nextflow pipelines can run on any cloud platform, extended support is provided for Amazon Web Services, Azure Cloud, and Google Cloud. On AWS, Nextflow provides support for AWS security credentials, AWS IAM policies, extended support for Amazon S3, and support for AWS Batch. In Azure, Nextflow provides similar extensions for Azure Blob Storage, Azure File Shares, and Azure Batch. In the Google Cloud, Nextflow provides support for Google Cloud Life Sciences.
Key influences on the Nextflow design
According to Nextflow's principal developer, Paolo Di Tommaso, the design of Nextflow was influenced significantly by several factors and events:
Solomon Hyke's talk at dotScale in 2013 had a significant impact on the design of Nextflow according to Nextflow's author. It became clear that workflow steps and the applications that enabled them would be increasingly encapsulated in containers for portability and ease of deployment. As a result, Nextflow was designed to pull containers from registries automatically and execute containers across all supported execution environments.
Concurrent with the design of Nextflow, DevOps techniques were beginning to revolutionize software design. Nextflow's authors realized that developers would want to collaborate on pipelines using source-code management systems (SCMs). As a result, Nextflow evolved to have native support for SCMs, including GitHub, GitLab, and others.
The Functional dataflow model also had a fundamental impact on the design of Nextflow. Rather than viewing workflows as a series of discrete steps that occur in a specific order, workflows were better conceptualized as black boxes with inputs and outputs. In a dataflow model, execution of a step is triggered only when an input becomes valid.
History
Nextflow was first released on GitHub in March 2013 under a GPLv3 open source license
A parallel community called nf-core was started in 2017 by Phil Ewels to develop and share curated pipelines written in Nextflow
In April 2017, Nextflow was featured in Nature Biotechnology
Seqera Labs was launched in July 2018 as a spin-off from the Centre for Genomic Regulation in Spain
In October 2018, the project license for Nextflow was changed to Apache 2.0
Seqera Labs attracted initial seed funding for Nextflow in February 2019
Nextflow Tower was launched by Seqera Labs in September 2019, a commercial product that made Nextflow workflows easier to deploy and manage for commercial users
Nextflow DSL 2 was introduced in July 2020 providing support for sub flows and other features
In July 2020, Nextflow and nf-core were awarded an EOSS grant from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative that listed Seqera Labs as a key partner
By 2020, monthly downloads of Nextflow had grown to approximately 55,000 per month
Nextflow's role in the global battle against COVID-19 recognized in BioIT World, November 5, 2021
References
External links
Nf-core project
Software using the Apache license
The Chatsworth Head is a slightly over-life-size bronze head dating to around 460 BCE which is now in the British Museum.
Description
The head was originally part of a complete statue, probably (judging by the shoulder-length curly hair) one of Apollo, made up of various sections (e.g. head, arms, legs, some of the locks of hair) produced separately by lost-wax casting then joined into one whole - a leg from the same sculpture is in the Louvre (Br 69). Its eyes probably originally held glass, marble or ivory inlays, which were held in with surviving bronze plates, which curl outwards to form eyelashes. Its lips seem to have been plated with reddish copper to imitate their natural colour.
Discovery
In 1834, the Louvre managed to purchase the first large bronze statue found in modern times after its discovery in Italy near the Island of Elba. Two years later a complete statue was discovered near Tamassos on Cyprus and was immediately retrieved by locals who dragged it from its position using oxcarts. During its journey the statue fell apart losing legs, arms and its torso.
Provenance
The head was acquired by the 6th Duke of Devonshire at Smyrna from H.P. Borrell in 1838. The other parts of the statue were lost, but it is believed that a leg in the Louvre was originally part of this statue.
The 6th Duke of Devonshire and his successors kept it at their residence of Chatsworth House, from which it takes its name. It was loaned to the Fitzwilliam Museum in the mid-1930s, and was acquired from the 11th Duke by the British Museum in 1958. It has the British Museum catalogue reference 1958 0418 1 and is on show there, in Room 15.
Notes
References
D.E.L. Haynes, The technique of Greek Bronze (Mainz am Rhein, 1992)
C.C. Mattusch, Greek Bronze statuary (Cornell University Press, 1988)
L. Burn, The British Museum book of G-1, revised edition (London, The British Museum Press, 1999)
Further reading
Dafas, K. A., 2019. Greek Large-Scale Bronze Statuary: The Late Archaic and Classical Periods, Institute of Classical Studies, School of Advanced Study, University of London, Bulletin of the Institute of Classical Studies, Monograph, BICS Supplement 138 (London), pp. 126-129, pls 137-145.
External links
Bronze head of Apollo: the 'Chatsworth Head', British Museum
A. J. B. Wace, 'The Chatsworth Head', The Journal of Hellenic Studies, Vol. 58, Part 1 (1938), pp. 90-95
1836 archaeological discoveries
Apollo
Ancient Greek and Roman sculptures in the British Museum
5th-century BC Greek sculptures
Ancient Greek bronze statues of the classical period
W.R. Surles Memorial Library is a historic library building located at Proctorville, Robeson County, North Carolina. It was built in 1951, and is a one-story, front-gabled, one-bay wide, brick building in the Colonial Revival style. It measures 20 feet wide and 30 feet long. It is a privately operated library open to the public.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
References
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Colonial Revival architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures completed in 1951
Buildings and structures in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
Catherine M. Klapperich is an American biomedical engineer noted for her research on diagnostics and precision medicine. She is currently professor of Biomedical Engineering at Boston University, with additional appointments in Materials Science & Engineering and Mechanical Engineering. Klapperich serves as the Director of Research for the DAMP Laboratory at BU. Klapperich was previously the director of the NIH NIBIB Center for Future Technologies in Cancer Care as part of the Point-of Care-Research Technologies Network.
Education and career
Klapperich earned her B.S. in Materials Science and Engineering from Northwestern University; her M.S. in Engineering Sciences from Harvard University; and, Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley with Lisa Pruitt. Klapperich did her doctoral studies on plasma treatment of biomaterials and nanoengineering for medical applications. Before joining the faculty at Boston University, Klapperich was a Postdoctoral Fellow at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory working with Carolyn Bertozzi, and a Senior Research Scientist at Aclara Biosciences in Mountain View, CA.
Klapperich's research is focused on engineering medical devices for use in low resource settings and at the point of care. Research focuses on use of disposable microfluidic diagnostics that incorporate on-board sample preparation and minimally instrumented devices to enable molecular testing for cancer, women's health and sexually transmitted diseases. Klapperich and colleagues founded a startup company, Jane Diagnostics, that received start-up funding to commercialize these technologies.
During the global pandemic in 2020, Klapperich built the campus-wide testing laboratory for COVID-19 at Boston University.
Honors and awards
Some of Klapperich's honors have included:
Fellow (American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering, 2014)
Fellow (Biomedical Engineering Society, 2018)
Fellow (American Association for the Advancement of Science, 2015)
Power 50 for 2020, Extraordinary Year, Extraordinary People (Boston Business Journal)
Societal Engineer Award, College of Engineering, Boston University 2021
References
External links
American biomedical engineers
COVID-19 researchers
UC Berkeley College of Engineering alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Harvard University alumni
Northwestern University alumni
Fellows of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering
American women engineers
Fellows of the Biomedical Engineering Society
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Dewantara is a district in North Aceh Regency, Nanggröe Aceh Darussalam, province of Indonesia. The capital of this district is Krueng Geukuh. There are a few companies in this district, such as PT.Arun, PT.Pupuk Iskandar Muda, and PT.AAF.
Dewantara has 15 villages, namely:
Bangka Jaya
Bluka Teubai
Geulumpang Sulu Barat
Geulumpang Sulu Timur
Keude Krueng Geukeuh
Lancang Barat
Paloh Gadeng
Paloh Igeuh
Paloh Lada
Pulo Rungkom
Tambon Baroh
Tambon Tunong
Ulee Pulo
Ulee Reuleung
Uteun Geulinggang
North Aceh Regency
Districts of Aceh
Hafen or Häfen may refer to the following topics:
Places
Düsseldorf-Hafen, a district of Düsseldorf, Germany
Hafen (Osnabrück), a district of Osnabrück, Germany
People
Bruce C. Hafen (born 1940), American attorney
John Hafen (1856–1910), American artist
LeRoy Reuben Hafen (1893–1985), American historian
Other
Hafen Slawkenbergius, a fictional character in Laurence Sterne's Tristram Shandy
Eisenbahn und Häfen GmbH, a German rail company
also known by his Chinese style name , was a prince of Ryukyu Kingdom.
Prince Ōzato was the third son of King Shō Kō, and was a half-brother of King Shō Iku. He was given Ōzato magiri (mordern part of Nanjō), and established a new royal family: Ōzato Udun ().
He served as sessei from 1852 to 1861. In 1859, Makishi Chōchū, Onga Chōkō, Oroku Ryōchū and Prince Tamagawa Chōtatsu were involved in illegal matter (Makishi Onga Incident), and Prince Ie Chōchoku was appointed as judge to interrogate them. Prince Ōzato supported Prince Ie to convict them.
After this incident, Prince Ōzato retired in 1861. His position turned to Yonagusuku Chōki.
References
|-
1816 births
Princes of Ryūkyū
Sessei
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
19th-century Ryukyuan people
Year of death missing
The list of shipwrecks in August 1875 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during August 1875.
1 August
2 August
3 August
4 August
5 August
6 August
7 August
8 August
9 August
10 August
11 August
12 August
13 August
14 August
15 August
16 August
17 August
18 August
19 August
20 August
21 August
22 August
23 August
24 August
25 August
26 August
27 August
28 August
29 August
30 August
31 August
Unknown date
References
Bibliography
Ingram, C. W. N., and Wheatley, P. O., (1936) Shipwrecks: New Zealand disasters 1795–1936. Dunedin, NZ: Dunedin Book Publishing Association.
1875-08
Maritime incidents in August 1875
The 2010 Girabola was the 32nd season of top-tier football in Angola. The season ran from 19 February to 31 October 2010. Petro Atlético were the defending champions.
The league comprises 16 teams, the bottom three of which will be relegated to the 2011 Gira Angola.
Interclube were crowned champions, while Desportivo da Huíla, Sporting de Cabinda and Benfica do Lubango were relegated. Daniel Mpele Mpele of Kabuscorp finished as top scorer with 14 goals.
Changes from 2010 season
Relegated: Académica do Lobito, Primeiro de Maio
Promoted: Benfica do Lubango, FC de Cabinda, Sporting de Cabinda,
Sagrada Esperança
League table
Results
Season statistics
Top scorers
Hat-tricks
References
External links
Girabola 2010 stats at jornaldosdesportos.sapo.ao
Girabola 2010 standings at girabola.com
Girabola 2010 at Endirect24
Federação Angolana de Futebol
Girabola seasons
1
Angola
Angola
The Rolandas Kalinauskas RK-5 Ruth, also called the Viltis (), is a Lithuanian light aircraft, designed and produced by Rolandas Kalinauskas, of Prienai. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development
The RK-5 is derived from the Rolandas Kalinauskas RK-3 Wind. The RK-5 features a strut-braced high wing, a four-seat enclosed cabin accessed via doors, fixed tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft fuselage is made from welded steel tubing supplemented by wooden stringers, while the wing is of wooden structure, all covered in doped aircraft fabric. The span wing has an area of and mounts flaps. The wing is supported by a single strut on each side with a single jury strut. The standard engine employed is the Avia M 332 four-cylinder, inverted, air-cooled, supercharged, inline, four-stroke powerplant.
The aircraft has an empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of . It is supplied with a wide range of standard equipment, including leather seats and tinted windows.
Specifications (RK-5)
References
External links
2000s Lithuanian ultralight aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Consuelo Adler Hernández (born in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan model and beauty queen who became the second Miss International from her country in 1997.
Miss Venezuela
A year prior to her win as Miss International, she competed as Miss Miranda in her country's national beauty pageant, Miss Venezuela, obtaining the title of Miss Venezuela International and the Most Beautiful Skin and Photogenic awards.
She crowned the new Miss Venezuela International at the 1997 Miss Venezuela pageant the day before she flew to Japan to participate in the pageant that she actually won.
Miss International
The pageant was held in Kyoto Kaikan First Hall in Kyoto, Japan, where she was crowned Miss International 1997. Diya Abraham of India was first runner-up, and Marie Pauline Borg of France earned second runner-up. She also garnered the Miss Photogenic award.
Career
After beginning her modeling career in Paris where she did high fashion and major magazines. Currently as a model, her campaigns and TV commercials include: Sothys, Decleor, Cartier, Clairol, L'Oréal, Samuel Adam's, Johnson & Johnson, Wonderbra, Playtex, Nivea Ann Taylor, Vanity Fair and many others.
References
External links
People from Caracas
Living people
Miss International 1997 delegates
Miss International winners
Miss Venezuela International winners
Venezuelan expatriates in France
Venezuelan expatriates in the United States
Venezuelan female models
Venezuelan people of German descent
Venezuelan people of Irish descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Venezuelan beauty pageant winners
for other persons named "Anne Lloyd" see Ann Lloyd (disambiguation)
Anne Lloyd Vincent, known professionally as Anne Lloyd (November 25, 1923 – August 27, 1999) was a clear-voiced and charismatic American singer best known for her children's records on the Golden Records label.
Biography
Born in Teaneck, New Jersey, Anne Lloyd's family relocated to Great Cove during the Great Depression. She married her high school sweetheart, William Vincent, in 1943 and commenced her career singing with the Robert Shaw (conductor) Collegiate Chorale. She also was a featured singer with touring big bands, but as this end of the music business began to fade with the end of World War II, Lloyd sought other opportunities. In 1948 she became a staff singer with Arthur Shimkin's newly-established Golden Records label. Lloyd was one of the most prolific singers on the label and was often also featured as part of the Sandpipers, a Mitch Miller-led group that made many records for Golden. Although Lloyd continued to sing after she left Golden Records in the mid-1950s, she did not record after that and considered herself semi-retired. She died of cancer in 1999 in Great Neck, where she and her husband had settled in 1949 after he built a house for them there. Lloyd also recorded for Bell Records.
Legacy
Anne Lloyd made more than a hundred records for Golden, many of which appeared on its 6-inch subsidiary, Little Golden Records. These discs were an integral part of the life soundtrack of millions of American children during the Eisenhower era. While many celebrity voices were featured on Golden Records, several of the records made by Anne Lloyd may be considered among the most memorable.
See also
Children's songs
Nursery Rhymes
References
External links
Obituary, Newsday 9-8-1999
Anne Lloyd Discography
American children's musicians
1923 births
1999 deaths
People from Teaneck, New Jersey
Traditional pop music singers
20th-century American singers
20th-century American women singers
Friederike Mengel (born March 27, 1979) is a German economist who is a Professor of economics at the University of Essex.
Education and career
Friederike Mengel earned an undergraduate degree in economics from the University of Mainz in 2003, followed by a PhD in economics from the University of Alicante in 2008, under the supervision of Fernando Vega Redondo. After her PhD, she joined Maastricht University where she was an Assistant Professor from 2008 to 2011 and an Associate Professor from 2011 to 2013. After a period at the University of Nottingham, she joined the University of Essex in 2012 where she has been a Professor since 2015. In 2019 she received the Philipp Leverhulme Prize in Economics.
Research
Mengel's research areas are (Evolutionary) Game Theory, Learning, Behavioral Economics, Social Networks and Experimental Economics. She developed a theory of learning across games, where agents might partition a set of all games into categories. Learning across games can destabilize strict Nash equilibria even for arbitrarily small reasoning costs and even if players distinguish all the games at the stable point. The model is also able to explain a number of experimental findings.
Mengel has also done work on social identity and on how people learn in social networks. Her work uncovered that people pay attention to others network position when learning, but only partially and they do not update in a Bayesian way. Their work with J. Kovarik and J. Romero was awarded the Best Paper Award by the Econometric Society in 2019.
Selected publications
Drago, F., F. Mengel and C. Traxler (2020): Compliance Behavior in Networks: Evidence from a Field Experiment, American Economic Journal: Applied Economics 12(2), 1–40.
Grimm, V. and F. Mengel (2020): Experiments on Belief Formation in Networks, Journal of the European Economic Association 18(1), 49-82.
Kovarik, J., F. Mengel and J. G. Romero (2018): Learning in Network Games, Quantitative Economics 9(1), 85–139.
Grimm, V. and F. Mengel (2012): An Experiment on Learning in a Multiple Games Environment, Journal of Economic Theory 147(6), 2220–2259.
Mengel, F. (2012): Learning Across Games, Games and Economic Behavior 74(2), 601-619.
Mengel, F. (2020): Gender Differences in Networking, Economic Journal, 130 (630), 1842-1873.
Mengel, F., J. Sauermann and U. Zoelitz (2019): Gender Bias in Teaching Evaluations, Journal of the European Economic Association 17(2), 535–566.
Calo-Blanco, A., J. Kovarik, F. Mengel and J.G. Romero (2017): Natural Disasters and Social Cohesion, joint with A. Calo-Blanco, J. Kovarik and J.G. Romero, Plos ONE 12(6).
References
1979 births
Living people
Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz alumni
University of Alicante alumni
Maastricht University faculty
Academics of the University of Essex
German women economists
Game theorists
Roger Allen LaPorte (July 16, 1943 – November 10, 1965) was a protester of the Vietnam War who set himself on fire in front of the United Nations building in New York City on November 9, 1965, to protest the United States involvement in the war. A former seminarian, he was a member of the Catholic Worker Movement at the time of his death.
Early life
Born in Geneva, New York, LaPorte was active in public speaking and debate clubs, for which he won awards. His parents divorced after he graduated from high school. Before joining the Catholic Workers, he had attended a seminary in Vermont and hoped to become a monk. However, he withdrew from the seminary early and attended and graduated from Holy Ghost Academy, Tupper Lake, New York in 1961.
Background of immolation
On June 11, 1963 Thích Quảng Đức, a Vietnamese Mahayana Buddhist monk burned himself to death at a busy Saigon road intersection. Thích Quảng Đức was protesting the persecution of Buddhists by South Vietnam's President Ngô Đình Diệm, a member of the Catholic minority. Photos of his self-immolation were circulated widely across the world and brought attention to the policies of the Diệm regime.
On March 16, 1965, 82-year-old pacifist Alice Herz immolated herself on a Detroit street corner in protest of the escalating Vietnam War. A man and his two boys were driving by and saw her burning and put out the flames. She died of her wounds ten days later. On November 2, 1965, Norman Morrison doused himself in kerosene and set himself on fire below Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara's Pentagon office.
Self-immolation
The Morrison self-immolation at the Pentagon was front-page news as Catholic Workers gathered for an antiwar demonstration on Union Square in New York City on November 6, 1965, which LaPorte attended shortly after joining the Catholic Workers. Dorothy Day, the leader of the Catholic Workers, addressed the crowd. "I speak today as one who is old, and who must endorse the courage of the young who themselves are willing to give up their freedom," Day said. "This very struggle was begun by courage, even in martyrdom, which has been shared by the little children, in the struggle for full freedom and human dignity."
Catholic Worker Tom Cornell had become known in 1960 for burning his draft card at actions and had repeated the act several times, including for national television cameras during the 1962 Strike for Peace. In October 1965, another Catholic Worker, David Miller, became the first draft-card burner to be arrested under a new federal law banning the practice. Immediately following Day's speech on Union Square, Cornell and four others burned their draft cards on the platform. New York hecklers shouted, "Burn yourselves, not your cards."
Three days later, in front of the Dag Hammarskjold Library at the United Nations in New York, LaPorte composed himself in the position of the Buddhist monks of Vietnam, doused himself with gasoline, and set himself alight. He died the next day at Bellevue Hospital from second- and third-degree burns covering 95 percent of his body. Despite his burns, he remained conscious and able to speak. When asked why he had burned himself, LaPorte calmly replied, "I'm a Catholic Worker. I'm against war, all wars. I did this as a religious action...all the hatred of the world." At the hospital, Catholic Workers sang "This Little Light of Mine."
Dorothy Day responded to the tragedy with an article in The Catholic Worker newspaper entitled, "Suicide or Sacrifice?" "It is not only that many youths and students throughout the country are deeply sensitive to the sufferings of the world," she wrote. "They have a keen sense that they must be responsible and make a profession of their faith that things do not have to go on as they always havethat men are capable of laying down their lives for others, taking a stand, even when the all-encroaching State and indeed all the world are against them."
A writer in the National Catholic Reporter wrote that while the Catholic Workers had been important to the Church, they displayed "a sort of built-in rejection of complexity that I hope was not operative in LaPorte's death." The famous Trappist monk Thomas Merton also took issue with LaPorte's act and entered into a prolonged dispute with Day after laying blame for the incident at the feet of the Catholic Worker movement.
See also
Catholic Worker Movement
Alice Herz
George Winne, Jr.
Norman Morrison
Self-immolation
References
Further reading
1943 births
1965 suicides
People from Geneva, New York
Suicides in New York City
American anti–Vietnam War activists
Self-immolations in protest of the Vietnam War
Deaths from fire in the United States
People from Franklin County, New York
Activists from New York (state)
Catholics from New York (state)
Catholic Workers
1965 deaths
"No Motherland Without You" (or "Ode to Kim Jong Il"), is a North Korean song about the country's second supreme leader, Kim Jong Il. Composed by Hwang Jin Young and written by , it extols the proclaimed talent and virtues of Kim, and the North Korean people's loyalty to him.
Significance
"No Motherland Without You" was composed especially for Kim Jong Il and is considered his "signature song". The song enjoys popularity in North Korea, where it is frequently broadcast on the radio and from loudspeakers on the streets of Pyongyang. Whereas the "Song of General Kim Il-sung" was sung at the beginning of public gatherings, "No Motherland Without You" was often at the end.
Lyrics
In military contexts the title "General" replaces "comrade," reflecting that Kim was a Supreme Commander of the armed forces and Chairman of the National Defence Commission in addition to his political role as General Secretary of the Workers' Party.
See also
North Korean music
Propaganda in North Korea
Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble
References
External links
North Korean songs
Propaganda songs
Propaganda in North Korea
Patriotic songs
Songs about Kim Jong-il
Songs about North Korea
North Korean military marches
Elly Ilias is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Malaysia. He competes in the Malaysian Cub Prix CP130 Championship.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Malaysian motorcycle racers
Living people
1984 births
125cc World Championship riders
People from Perlis
The Museum of History & Industry (MOHAI) is a history museum in the South Lake Union neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, United States. It is the largest private heritage organization in Washington state, maintaining a collection of nearly four million artifacts, photographs, and archival materials primarily focusing on Seattle and the greater Puget Sound region. A portion of this collection (roughly 2% at any given time) is on display in the museum's galleries at the historic Naval Reserve Armory in Lake Union Park.
The museum's keynote exhibits include: Boeing's first commercial plane, the 1919 Boeing B-1; the Petticoat Flag, a U.S. flag sewn by women during the 1856 Battle of Seattle; and the Rainier Brewing Company's 12-foot tall neon "R" sign. In addition to both permanent and temporary exhibits, MOHAI administers ongoing youth and adult programming, and regularly hosts public events in partnership with other community organizations, particularly within the South Lake Union neighborhood. MOHAI is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums and is a Smithsonian affiliate museum.
History
In 1911, Morgan and Emily Carkeek hosted the first annual Founder's Day party at their home, which was an invitation-only event where guests dressed in historic costumes and brought artifacts and documents related to early Seattle. An outcome of these parties was the establishment of the Seattle Historical Society in 1914, the membership of which was limited to white settlers and their descendants.
The Seattle Historical Society lacked a building to house the museum. Several attempts to find a permanent location were abandoned because of challenging financial circumstances, especially during the Depression, and the fact that the original society members were aging and new members were not joining. The collection continued to grow, however. In 1945, Boeing offered $50,000 towards an aviation wing, and over the next five years, the Society procured a site in Montlake. During this time, the Society became a more public and civic-minded institution, opening up the Founder's Day event to community and service organizations. The new museum opened in 1952.
Over the last 50 years, management practices of the museum and collections, membership, and the relationship to its immediate surroundings, have been problematic. Changes in the 1980s included developing new exhibits and reaching out to underrepresented communities, which were a shock to older staff and board members. During the 1990s the museum gradually recovered from these internal challenges, as well as financial ones, and began expanding educational and community outreach programs.
The impending reconstruction of SR-520 forced MOHAI to move from the Montlake site. After exploring options to move near the Washington State Convention Center, MOHAI and the City of Seattle agreed to move MOHAI to the Naval Reserve Armory in what was soon to be Lake Union Park. At that time, the building was being managed by the Seattle Parks and Recreation Department and was in need of significant repairs to be usable as a public museum space. Through a $90 million capital campaign, MOHAI did a full historic restoration of the facility, uncovering both the original ceiling and floor and conducting massive safety, accessibility, and systems upgrades. The project also included centralizing MOHAI's library and collections departments in a warehouse in the Georgetown neighborhood. In June 2012 the museum closed its Montlake location. Six months later, on December 29, 2012, the museum held a public grand opening for its new home in South Lake Union.
Galleries
True Northwest: The Seattle Journey
MOHAI's core exhibit rings most of the building's second floor and provides a chronological history of Seattle and its environs. The exhibit winds through a series of 22 different sections that each focus on a distinct event or era in Seattle history ranging from pre-Pioneer settlements up to the modern day. MOHAI Creative Director Ann Farrington, who previously worked on Seattle's Experience Music Project and the National Holocaust Museum, has said that it is, "not a timeline, but a series of stories strung like pearls" in order to reveal how Seattle's past, present, and future are interconnected. Along with numerous artifacts and photographs, the exhibit incorporates a significant amount of interactive media that allow visitors to touch screens or play games that explore different parts of Seattle history and culture. The core exhibit also includes the Great Fire Theatre, a "Gilbert and Sullivan-style opera" that involves artifacts from the 1889 Great Seattle Fire singing the story of the event over a film of historic images, and the Joshua Green Foundation Theater which plays a 7-minute film about Seattle culture on two large screens.
Faye G. Allen Grand Atrium
The first floor of the museum is an expansive open room named the Faye G. Allen Grand Atrium. Both the original floor and ceiling of the Naval Reserve Building are visible from the Grand Atrium. Hanging in the center of the space is the 1919 Boeing B-1, the first commercial plane built by Bill Boeing. The plane is displayed to illustrate a typical flight path onto Lake Union, where the plane took off and landed during its tenure. On the south end of the Grand Atrium is a three story tall grid filled with Seattle cultural icons, including the neon Rainier "R" sign, a clam costume from Seattle seafood chain Ivar's, and a stuffed cougar donated by Eddie Bauer, founder of the namesake clothing store. The north end of the Grand Atrium features a 64-foot tall sculpture called Wawona by local artist John Grade. Wood and other materials for the sculpture were salvaged from the 1897 schooner Wawona, which was dismantled in 2009 due to a lack of funding for restoration.
Walker Special Exhibits Gallery
The Walker Gallery is MOHAI's main space for displaying temporary and traveling exhibits. It takes up the entire southern side of the museum's second floor. When the museum initially opened at Lake Union Park, the Walker Gallery showcased an exhibit about Seattle's relationship with film called Celluloid Seattle: A City at the Movies. In 2015, the Walker Gallery hosted American Spirits: The Rise & Fall of Prohibition travelling from the National Constitution Center.
Linda and Ted Johnson Family Community Gallery
Another temporary gallery that occupies the third floor space of the museum. Much smaller than the Walker Gallery, the space is designed "to promote community ownership and stewardship of MOHAI" by showcasing collaborative projects with community partners. The first exhibit in the gallery was a partnership with leading Seattle arts group Arts Corps, that worked with Seattle high school students to produce poetry and spoken word related to photos from MOHAI's historic photographic collection.
McCurdy Family Maritime Gallery
On the top floor of the museum is a small gallery dedicated to Seattle's maritime history. The space was originally designed as a replica of a ship's bridge in order to train naval recruits during World War II and features a set of south facing windows overlooking Lake Union. One of the most popular artifacts in the gallery is a working World War II-era TANG periscope from a naval submarine which offers a 360-degree view of Lake Union and downtown Seattle. The gallery is curated by the Puget Sound Maritime Historical Society which has maintained a close partnership with MOHAI since the early 1950s.
Bezos Center for Innovation
The museum opened a major museum addition on October 11, 2013 called the Bezos Center for Innovation. The project is funded by a $10 million gift from Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos. The project was designed by Seattle-based Olson Kundig Architects and occupies a portion of the museum's Grand Atrium.
Education programs
The K-12 programming at MOHAI is designed to complement the permanent exhibition, "True Northwest: The Seattle Journey". Programs are designed to support teachers through meeting state curriculum standards, and offering professional development opportunities; use primary sources to promote critical thinking; present multiple perspectives to explore diverse experiences and histories that make up Seattle's story; make history relevant with personal connections; and create links across academic disciplines.
Onsite programs for students are designed to complement the permanent exhibition. Students use primary sources to explore Seattle's stories, gather evidence to crack history mysteries, and explore facts and myths about Seattle's past.
Outreach resources include themed trunks that include artifacts, audio/visual resources, and adaptable activities that are aligned to state curriculum standards. Themes range from Native American People of Washington State, to the Settlers of Washington State, to the War Years. Themed packets of visual resources include photographs and slides, background histories and activities. Themes include Early Recreation in Seattle, Changing Scenes of Downtown Seattle, and Women in Washington History. Finally, a reader's theater script, drawn from primary sources relating to the Gold Rush, comes with stage directions.
MOHAI also organizes professional development opportunities for teachers, to strengthen their understanding of Seattle's history, object-based learning, and curriculum standards.
Collections
MOHAI has around 4 million objects in the collection, including roughly 100,000 three dimensional artifacts, over 3 million photographs, and around 200,000 archival holdings. Collections focus on Seattle's early settlement (ca. 1850) through the present day, and concentrate on the stories and achievements of Seattle and King County residents. The three dimensional collection encompasses a range of items such as textiles, fine art, decorative arts, household objects, maritime equipment, early computers, vehicles and more. The museum also has a growing collection of oral histories from long-time Puget Sound residents.
Photograph collection
The most heavily used portion of MOHAI's holdings is the collection of approximately 3.75 million historic photographs, which is the largest aggregation of historic documentary photography in the region. Like the rest of MOHAI's collections, the photos are primarily focused on Seattle and King County, but includes strong coverage of other parts of Washington State as well as Alaska. One of the most extensive sets of photos is the Seattle Post-Intelligencer Collection. Seattle's (now defunct) original newspaper donated an estimated 2 million photographs to MOHAI in three successive gifts from 1975 to 2012. The collection comprises both published and unpublished news photos taken throughout Western Washington from 1917 to 2009. Another major group of photos is the PEMCO Webster & Stevens Collection. Operating under the motto, "Anything. Anytime. Anywhere." Webster & Stevens was a major commercial photography studio that set up shop in Seattle in 1903. They had a range of important clients, most notably the Seattle Times, which used the studio for nearly all of its newspaper photographs for 23 years until it hired staff photographers. In 1983 PEMCO Insurance made a $50,000 gift to MOHAI, allowing it to purchase roughly 55,000 photos by Webster & Stevens, creating the PEMCO Webster & Stevens Collection. Other noteworthy MOHAI photograph collections include: The Milkie Studio Collection; The King County News Photo Collection; The Seattle Historical Society Collection; Alaska Bureau Photograph Albums; Anders Beer Wilse Photographs 1892-1913; Ferdinand Brady Photographic Postcards circa 1907-1920; Frederick and Nelson Records 1901-1991; H.W. McCurdy Collection on the Puget Sound Bridge & Dredging Co. 1900-1945; Lockheed Shipbuilding and Construction Company Photographs; Moran Brothers Company Collection 1893-1939; Josef Scaylea Collection; Cary Tolman Collection; Robert H. Miller Collection; Washington Dayshoot Collection.
Sophie Frye Bass Library
Most of MOHAI's archival holdings—including manuscripts, photographs, maps, books, motion pictures, and printed ephemera—are housed in the museum's library. The library is named after Sophie Frye Bass (1866–1947), granddaughter of pioneers Arthur and Mary Denny, and author of two books on early life in early Seattle including pigtail Days in Old Seattle (Pub. 1937). Bass was a prolific collector of historical books and manuscripts, and in 1914 donated her entire library to MOHAI's predecessor, the Seattle Historical Society. The library also houses the collections of the Puget Sound Maritime Historical Society and the Black Heritage Society of Washington State. The library, located in Seattle's Georgetown neighborhood, is open to the public by appointment.
See also
History of Seattle
Arts in Seattle
Notes
External links
HistoryLink: The Free Online Dictionary of Washington State History
"A Place Comfortable With Boeing, Anarchists and ‘Frasier'", Edward Rothstein, The New York Times, December 28, 2012
City museums in the United States
Museums in Seattle
History museums in Washington (state)
Museums established in 1952
Institutions accredited by the American Alliance of Museums
Industry museums in Washington (state)
South Lake Union, Seattle
Samuel Bernstein may refer to:
Samuel Bernstein (born 1970), American screenwriter, director and author
Samuel Bernstein (historian) (1898–1987), French historian
Samuil Bernstein (1911–1997), Soviet linguist
Sam Born (1891-1959), American businessman, candy maker, and inventor with the birth name Samuel Bernstein
The Law Offices of Sam Bernstein
Cardinal Gibbons High School, commonly known as Gibbons, is a private, Roman Catholic college-preparatory school in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. CGHS was established in 1961 and was named after James Gibbons, the second Cardinal in the United States. CGHS is sponsored by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Miami.
History
Cardinal Gibbons was established in September 1961, by Coleman F. Carroll, who appointed Thomas A. Dennehy the first supervising principal, Marie Schramko, principal of the Girls' Division and Henry Mirowski, principal of the Boys' Division. CGHS opened its doors to 176 freshmen and sophomores on a campus with two buildings. In the following years, the addition of the eleventh and twelfth grades, an enlarged faculty, a field house, science wing, cafeteria, gym, and new classrooms led to the current ten buildings.
In 1972, the school became co-educational. On June 17, 1973, Joseph Huck was appointed to succeed Dennehy as supervising principal. From September 1974 to December 2002, Joseph J. Kershner served as supervising principal. Upon Kershner's retirement December 2, 2002, Paul D. Ott was appointed interim principal. His appointment as principal became effective July 1, 2003.
Notable alumni
Donnell Bennett, Former NFL player (Kansas City Chiefs, Washington Redskins)
Christian Blake, NFL player
Jason Bostic, Former NFL player (Philadelphia Eagles, Buffalo Bills)
Josh Fogg, Former MLB player (Chicago White Sox, Pittsburgh Pirates, Colorado Rockies, Cincinnati Reds)
Taurean Green, Professional basketball
Tron LaFavor, Former NFL player (Chicago Bears). Transferred after his junior season.
Ryan Shealy, Former MLB player (Colorado Rockies, Kansas City Royals, Boston Red Sox)
Blair Walsh, NFL Kicker, Free Agent
R. J. McIntosh, NFL defensive end, New York Giants
Ryan Hunter-Reay, IndyCar Driver
Notes and references
Catholic secondary schools in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1961
Private high schools in Broward County, Florida
High schools in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
1961 establishments in Florida
Vranjković () is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Marko Vranjković (born 1990), Slovenian basketball player
Vojislav Vranjković (born 1983), Serbian footballer
Croatian surnames
Serbian surnames
Eurotel was the trade name of the first mobile phone network in Czechoslovakia. Given the possibility of a forthcoming of split of Czechoslovakia into two separate countries, Eurotel was formed as two separate legal entities: Eurotel Praha and Eurotel Bratislava.
Both Eurotel companies were founded in 1990 as joint ventures between SPT Telecom (51%) and the American joint venture company, Atlantic West, B.V. (49% split evenly between US WEST International, Inc. and Bell Atlantic International Inc. Each Eurotel company initially was assigned the rights to deploy packet data networks and mobile phone services using the NMT450 technology.The first calls on each network were made in 1991. The packet data network elements did not grow as rapidly as hoped for and was later ceded back to the 51% Czech and Slovak landline operators. The mobile business grew briskly and both Eurotel companies were later granted GSM licenses for both the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
The USWest interests were assigned first to MediaOne and later to AT&T. Ultimately, Český Telecom purchased the Eurotel Prague and Deutsche Telekom purchased Eurotel Bratislava. The Czech and Slovak businesses continued till the present as represented by O2 in the Czech Republic and Deutsche Telekom in Slovakia
Both companies were initially financed by the first EBRD financing in either the Czech Republic or Slovakia. In March 2000, EuroTel Bratislava successfully closed a Euro 175 million high yield bond offering, and became one of the first companies in Central Europe to access the public capital markets. This financing was one of many sequential financings that funded extraordinarily rapid growth in a capital intensive industry.
In July 2000, Deutsche Telekom purchased 51% stake in Slovak Telecom. It was later rebranded to T-Mobile Slovakia in May 2005.
In 2005, Český Telecom was acquired by the Spanish company Telefónica.
On March 1, 2006 it was announced that Český Telecom and Eurotel would merge their operations into one company, Telefónica O2 Czech Republic, which was to take place in mid-2006.
References
See also
Slovak Telekom
Defunct mobile phone companies
Telecommunication companies of the Czech Republic
Telecommunication companies of Slovakia
2006 mergers and acquisitions
The Union for the Republic (Union pour la République, UR) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo. It was founded on March 15, 1995, under the leadership of Benjamin Bounkoulou.
The UR was established by members of parliament who left the ruling Pan-African Union for Social Democracy (UPADS) and another party in January 1995, complaining of government favoritism towards people from Niari Region and Lékoumou Region at the expense of Bouenza Region, from which these members of parliament originated.
The UR is part of the presidential majority supporting President Denis Sassou Nguesso.
Michel Bidimbou was elected as the UR's Secretary-General in late 2006.
In the parliamentary election held on June 24 and August 5, 2007, the party won 1 out of 137 seats.
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Political parties established in 1995
1995 establishments in the Republic of the Congo
Socialism in the Republic of the Congo
Steven Le Coquen is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from France. He competes in the Endurance World Cup aboard a Yamaha YZF-R1.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1991 births
Living people
French motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Gerald John Hillebrand (born March 28, 1940 in Davenport, Iowa) is a former American football linebacker who played nine seasons in the National Football League for the New York Giants, St. Louis Cardinals, and the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played college football and was drafted in the first round (twelfth overall) of the 1962 NFL Draft. Hillebrand was also selected in the second round of the 1962 AFL Draft by the Denver Broncos.
1940 births
Living people
American football linebackers
New York Giants players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Colorado Buffaloes football players
Players of American football from Iowa
For his father, the agronomist and researcher, see René Cortázar Sagarminaga.
René Cortázar (Santiago, February 29, 1952) is a Chilean economist, researcher, academic, and politician of the Christian Democratic Party (PDC).
He was Minister of State for Presidents Patricio Aylwin and Michelle Bachelet.
Biography
He is the second of the children of the marriage of the agricultural engineers René Ángel Cortázar Sagarminaga and Carmen Sanz Briso-Montiano. His father worked for many years at La Platina, a property of the University of Chile, where he carried out agricultural research. He was awarded the National Prize for Applied and Technological Sciences in 1994.
He studied at the Colegio del Verbo Divino in the capital and later graduated from PUC with a degree in business engineering. After graduating, he became a researcher-assistant at Cieplan, becoming one of the founders of the study center together with Alejandro Foxley, Ricardo Ffrench-Davis, and José Pablo Arellano.
Since 1975 he has been married to Ana María Valdés, with whom he had three daughters.
Then he went to the United States for two and a half years, where he received a doctorate in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Boston. Later he was a professor at the Institute of Economics of the Catholic University (PUC), a professor at the Department of Economics at the University of Chile, and a visiting professor at universities in Brazil and the United States.
Political career
Beginning
In 1972 he became a Christian Democratic Party (PDC) member.
He was an active collaborator in the "No" campaign in the 1988 referendum, which sought to remove dictator Augusto Pinochet. His primary role was to be the coordinator of the labor commission of the opposition Coalition of Parties for Democracy.
Minister of Aylwin and executive director of TVN
In the Government of Patricio Aylwin (1990-1994), he served as Minister of Labor and Social Welfare.
As Aylwin's minister, he was responsible for enacting the first Labor Code approved in a democracy. For the first time in Chile, tripartite agreements were also signed between the Central Unitaria de Trabajadores, the Confederation of Production and Commerce and the Government. During the same period, the Chile Joven program was implemented to train low-income unemployed youth.
Later, together with Juan Villarzú and Osvaldo Rosales, he coordinated the economic program of Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle when he was a candidate for the Presidency of the Republic in the 1993 elections.
Between 1995 and 2000, he was a executive director of Televisión Nacional de Chile (TVN), establishing bases that made the state channel profitable.
During his period as Executive Director of Televisión Nacional de Chile from 1995 to 2000. He published a book of editorial Guidelines . In the elaboration of those Guidelines, there was ample participation of all the professionals of TVN . The Guidelines address issues related to professional responsibility and programming content in press and entertainment. Some chapters refer to privacy, protection of minors, women, violence, politics, elections, terrorism, and news related to TVN, among other topics.
Bachelet's Minister
On March 27, 2007, he became Minister of Transport and Telecommunications in the first government of Michelle Bachelet, replacing Sergio Espejo. His appointment was during the severe Transantiago Crisis regarding the urban transport system of the Chilean capital implemented in 2006. In December 2007, due to the growing and complex problems of the system, and as promised, he presented his resignation, but President Bachelet did not accept it.
During Michelle Bachelet, he assumed the position of Minister of Education as a surrogate before the suspension —which occurred on April 3, 2008— and subsequent dismissal thirteen days later of Yasna Provoste. On April 17, Mónica Jiménez was appointed as Provoste's successor, Cortázar ceasing to hold office.
Subsequent activities
After being away from contingent politics, he began negotiations in 2011, to be proclaimed as the PDC candidate for the Senate for the Antofagasta Region. At the end of 2012, the region PDC board unanimously endorsed him, which cleared the way for the parliamentary elections of 2013. Despite this, he did not take part in the elections.
In 2013, he joined the programmatic team of Michelle Bachelet in her second candidacy for the Presidency of the Republic.
Candidate for the Constitutional Convention
René Cortázar was part of the "Approval List" for district 8 in the 2021 conventional constituent elections. Cortázar's candidacy was ultimately unsuccessful despite being the one that received the largest sum of donations in all of Chile.
In 2022, he joined the Cristián Warnken's Yellow Movement for Chile, which actively participated in the plebiscite on the Proposal for a New Constitution of the Constituent Convention, in defense of the rejection option. On September 23, the Yellow Movement for Chile began procedures to become a political party. In 2022, he presented his resignation from the Christian Democratic Party (PDC) after 50 years of militancy.
Business career
Before becoming Minister of State, Cortázar was a member of the boards of D&S, Entel Chile, CorpBanca, Almacenes Paris, AES Gener, La Polar, Moneda, ILC and ICB He was also vice president of Icare and director of the Alberto Hurtado Center for Labor Studies. He also served as Chairman of the board of directors of the Cieplan study center.
On August 10, 2010, four days after Andrónico Luksic Craig announced his entry into the station with 67% he became the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Canal 13. He left office in July 2012 to rejoin Cieplan. In April 2015, he resumed responsibility at the station.
References
1952 births
Christian Democratic Party (Chile) politicians
Living people
Casin may refer to:
Cașin, a commune and village in Bacău County, Romania
Casín cheese, a protected designation for cheese products from Spain that are produced exclusively from three cattle breeds
Casín beef, a protected designation for meat products from Spain that are produced exclusively from the Casina a.k.a. Asturian Mountain cattle breed
CASIN (Cdc42 activity-specific inhibitor), also known as 2-((6-phenyl-2,3,4,9-tetrahydro-1H-carbazol-1-yl)amino)ethanol, otherwise known as Pirlindole-related compound 2 is Cdc42 activity‐specific inhibitor
See also
Casein
Equine metabolic syndrome (EMS), is an endocrinopathy affecting horses and ponies. It is of primary concern due to its link to obesity, insulin dysregulation, and subsequent laminitis. There are some similarities in clinical signs between EMS and pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction, also known as PPID or Cushing's disease, and some equines may develop both, but they are not the same condition, having different causes and different treatment.
Pathogenesis
The cells of adipose (fat) tissue synthesizes hormones known as adipokines. In humans, dysfunction of adipose tissue, even in cases without obesity, has been associated with the development of insulin resistance, hypertension, systemic inflammation, and increased risk of blood clots (thrombosis). The inflammation produced by these hormones are thought to inflame adipose tissue, leading to the production of more adipokines and perpetuation of the cycle, and a constant low-level, pro-inflammatory state. Although it is suspected that a similar mechanism occurs in horses, further research is needed.
Insulin dysregulation
Insulin dysregulation is commonly seen in horses with EMS, and is associated with obesity. This is similar to type II diabetes in humans, where the action of insulin is impaired, despite often elevated concentrations. It is of interest primarily because of its link to laminitis. Horses with EMS will have an increased insulin response after they are given oral sugars, which will cause a subsequent rise in blood insulin levels, or hyperinsulinemia. Hyperinsulinemia results in decreased tissue sensitivity to insulin, or insulin resistance, especially by the skeletal muscle, liver and adipose tissue. Tissue insulin resistance causes increased insulin secretion, which perpetuates the cycle.
There does appear to be a strong link between decreased insulin sensitivity in obese animals; however, it is unknown which syndrome is the cause and which is the result. It is possible adipokines and cytokines made in adipose tissue down-regulate insulin pathways. It is also possible that IR occurs when adipocytes are overwhelmed, leading to the accumulation of lipid within other tissues. When certain tissues that are sensitive to insulin, such as skeletal muscle, develop triglyceride deposits, cellular functions are altered, one of which is insulin signaling.
Laminitis
EMS is also implicated in the development of laminitis. Prolonged IV insulin administration can induce laminitis, possibly due to its effects on blood flow to the foot, changes of glucose metabolism and secondary matrix metalloproteinase activation, or altered cell function within the foot. However, recent research suggests that the situation is more complex, in that "compensated insulin resistance is essentially physiological and health sustaining", and only when this compensatory mechanism fails does laminitis ensue. - this may support the argument that EMS is an evolved survival trait.
Breed and age predisposition
Ponies and horse breeds that evolved in relatively harsh environments with only sparse grass, the proverbial "easy keeper," tend to be more prone to EMS and insulin resistance. This possibly occurred as a survival mechanism, where the animal would lay down fat during plentiful times, such as the spring and summer, and maintain their weight more easily during the harsh, cold seasons. EMS appears to be more common in Welsh, Dartmoor, and Shetland ponies, Morgans, Paso Finos, Saddlebreds, Spanish Mustangs, and Warmbloods; and may also been seen in Quarter Horses and Tennessee Walking Horses, although is rarer in breeds such as the Thoroughbred and Standardbred. Most horses are 5–15 years of age when they develop laminitis that can be attributed to EMS.
Clinical signs
EMS horses tend to become obese very easily, depositing fat in the crest, shoulders, loin, above the eyes, around the tail head, and the mammary glands or prepuce, even when the rest of the body appears to be in normal condition. Some horses may have regional adiposity, and others may even appear normal weight, so obesity is not a definitive clinical sign of a horse with EMS. Horses will be insulin resistant (IR), and may have hyperinsulinemia, have abnormal blood glucose, or abnormal insulin responses to glucose. IR predisposes the animal to laminitis, and horses with EMS may have had previous episodes in their history.
Other signs suggesting EMS include elevated blood triglyceride levels and leptin levels, hypertension, and reproductive changes in mares (an increased diestrus period, and a lack of anestrus). Horses also occasionally show anemia and elevated Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT) levels.
Differentiation from pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction
EMS shares similarities to pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction (also known as equine Cushing's disease), which also causes regional adiposity, laminitis, and sometimes insulin resistance. Treatment and management differ between the conditions, making it important to distinguish between the two. However, both diseases may occur simultaneously; horses with EMS may develop PPID.
Diagnosis
Diagnosis is based on history, clinical signs, and diagnostic tests.
Glucose levels alone are insufficient to diagnose EMS. Many EMS horses will effectively compensate their insulin response even with insulin resistance, maintaining a blood glucose within normal limits, although usually at the high end of normal. Other factors, such as stress, feeding, inflammation, or administration of α-2 agonist drugs such as xylazine and detomidine, can falsely raise blood glucose levels. Horses with persistent hyperglycemia may have type II diabetes.
Insulin normally increases after feeding, as well as secondary to cortisol (stress) and epinephrine (pain), so measurement should be avoided if any of these conditions are present. Actively laminitic horses should therefore not undergo testing until their pain and stress have been adequately controlled. Additionally, resting insulin levels may not be increased in all animal with EMS. For these reasons, dynamic tests are recommended for the diagnosis of EMS.
Measurement of fasting insulin concentration involves giving a horse a single flake of hay, low in non-structural carbohydrates, at 10 pm the night before testing. Blood being drawn the following morning, usually between 8 and 10 am. Both insulin and glucose blood levels are measured. Hyperinsulinemia suggests insulin resistance. This test is easy to perform, but is less sensitive than the oral sugar test. It is best used in cases where risks of laminitis make the oral sugar test potentially unsafe.
The oral sugar test also requires giving the horse only a single flake of hay at 10pm the night before the test. The following morning, karo corn syrup is given orally, and glucose and insulin levels are measured at 60 and 90 minutes after administration. Normal or excessively high insulin levels are diagnostic. However, equivocal test results require retesting at a later date, or performing a different test. A similar test is available outside the US, in areas where corn-syrup products are less readily available, where horses are given a morning meal of chaff with dextrose powder, and blood insulin levels are measured 2 hours later.
Dynamic testing for insulin has higher sensitivity test than fasting insulin concentration, because insulin resistance may only become evident when challenged by hyperglycemia. There are various tests available for measuring changes in insulin concentration. They usually require a similar fasting protocol as the fasting insulin test.
A glucose tolerance test requires IV or oral administration of a sugar. Multiple blood draws are then performed to measure blood glucose and insulin levels over time. The area under this curve is the best indicator of insulin resistance, but it may also be evaluated just based on the peak value and time to return to baseline.
The combined glucose-insulin test requires less time to perform than the glucose tolerance test. It involves a baseline blood draw, followed by an IV injection of dextrose, and then an injection of insulin. Blood glucose is measured every 10–15 minutes over the course of 2.5 hours. Samples are evaluated for time to return to baseline blood glucose levels, and insulin blood concentration. Elevated insulin concentration suggest insulin resistance. Rarely, this test can result in hypoglycemia, which requires administration of IV dextrose to correct.
Treatment
The main goals of treatment involve methods to induce weight loss. This may be accomplished through dietary changes, exercise, and medical management.
Diet
Dietary management involves reducing both the digestible energy levels and the total non-structural carbohydrate (NSC) level of feed. NSC include starches, single sugars, and fructans, whereas cellulose and hemicelluloses are structural carbohydrates. High NSC levels cause a glucose and insulin spike following feeding, and may worsen insulin resistance. Current recommendations for NSC levels are less than 10% of the diet on a dry matter basis.
Pasture is often eliminated from the diet, since digestible energy levels from grazing are not easily measured and pasture carbohydrates can trigger laminitis. It may be introduced back into the diet following improvement of insulin sensitivity. In horses with mild insulin resistance, this is often the case once obesity is resolved. However, pasture access should be restricted to those times of day when grass NSC levels are lowest, such as early morning, and never following a frost, which stresses the grass and results in accumulation of water-soluble carbohydrates. Horses are best managed by only allowing short grazing periods—less than 1 hour since they can rapidly ingest grass, or confining them to a limited turn-out area or by use of a grazing muzzle. Horses with severe IR, that have recurrent laminitis, are not recommended to return to pasture.
Hay low in NSC is provided in place of pasture. Ideally, hay should be tested and purchased based on known NSC levels, only using hays less than 10% NSC. Hays higher than 10% NSC may be used, but it is recommended to soak it for at least one hour before feeding in cold water, which can help reduce NSC levels, although this method is not always a reliable way to adequately drop them to acceptable levels. Obese horses are usually fed hay at a level of 1.5% ideal body weight, which may be dropped to 1% of body weight if no weight loss is realized after 30 days. However, feeding less than 1% of body weight in forage is not recommended, since secondary problems such as hyperlipemia and stereotypies can occur, and insulin resistance may actually be worsened.
Removal of concentrates from the diet may be sufficient to produce weight loss in obese horses. Hays are often low in vitamin A, vitamin E, copper, zinc, and selenium. A vitamin and mineral supplement is added to the diet to ensure adequate nutrition. Ration balancers, which are low in calories but offer protein, vitamins, and minerals, are often recommended.
Exercise
Exercise has been shown to improve insulin sensitivity in humans with metabolic syndrome. Increased exercise is therefore recommended in horses with EMS, assuming laminitis does not restrict activity levels. Current recommendations include 2-3 sessions a week, of 20–30 minutes of work, with gradual increase in duration and intensity.
Medical management
Medical management is usually reserved for horses that do not adequately respond to diet and exercise alone. The two most commonly used drugs for EMS are metformin and levothyroxine sodium.
Metformin is a drug used in humans for type II diabetes, and has been shown to improve insulin sensitivity and reduce output of glucose by the liver. However, it has low bioavailability in horses, and does not appear to affect insulin sensitivity at doses that are commonly used. Its current mechanism of action in horses is thought to be a reduction in intestinal glucose absorption, and therefore postprandial glucose levels, when it is given before meals.
Levothyroxine, a T4 analogue, improves insulin sensitivity and weight loss in horses. After desired body weight has been reached, horses are slowly weaned off the drug. Although it does not appear to produce signs of hyperthyroidism in horses, safety of long-term usage has not been evaluated.
See also
Henneke horse body condition scoring system
References
Syndromes in horses
"On Days Like These" is a pop ballad by English singer Matt Monro. It was composed by Quincy Jones, written by Don Black, and produced by George Martin. It was first released on Quincy Jones' soundtrack album "The Italian Job" by Paramount Records, as it was written for the 1969 movie of the same name, where it is played prominently in the opening credits, uninterrupted by background soundscape.
Certifications
References
Songs with lyrics by Don Black (lyricist)
1969 songs
Mrika Nikçi (born December 6, 2001) is an Albanian mountaineer from the Republic of Kosovo.
She is the first Albanian and the youngest female in the world to climb all the Seven Summits. On 15 August 2019, as a seventeen years old, she became the youngest female in the world to climb all the Seven Summits, together with her father Arianit Nikçi(Albanian mountaineer). They became the first Albanians to summit all the Seven Summits. They reached all the Seven Summits for 17 months, six hardest peaks (Vinson, Aconcagua, Everest, Denali, Elbrus and Carstensz Pyremid) summit-ed for 240 days (eight months). They reached this goal following their project Mrika Seven Summits.
After their success, they have appeared in almost all Albanian media and have been an attraction with their interviews
She has also appeared at International media expressing her experiences
Early life
She was born in Peja, Republic of Kosovo where she lives now. Since she was 7 she started training karate, and was a very successful competitor, champion of Kosovo in Kata and Kumite, also she has black belt grade, Dan1.
Mrika was a very successful ski competitor too, now she skis for fun with her friends, family and her clients.
Mountain climbing career
Mrika with the support of her father, who accompanies her in all mountaineering activities, has begun with mountaineering when she was 13 years
old. Mrika has climbed national and regional summits such as:
Gjeravica (2,656), winter climb (the highest peak of Kosovo)
Jezerca (2.694), winter climb, the highest peak in the Dinaric Alps in Albania
Korab (2.794) (Macedonia–Albania border), the highest peak in Albania, winter climb
Hajla (2,403) winter climbing (Kosovo)
Maja e Titos (2.747)-winter climb (Macedonia)
Maja e Zezë (2,528)–winter climbing (Kosovo)
During 2017 Mrika has continued with her mountaineering activities by climbing 2 summits in Bulgaria, specifically the summit of the Seven Lakes in Rila with an altitude (alt) of 2,648 meters, and the summit of Musala 2,925 alt, the highest peak in Balkan. Also, during 2017 Mrika has attempted the climbing of other European summits. Due to the weather conditions that have undermined the safety of the mountaineers participating in the expedition, these summit attempts will need to repeat:
Mount Blanc– alt4,880 m – attempt and climb up to the alt of 3,700 m (France).
Grand Paradiso– alt4,061m – attempt and climb up to the alt of 3.650 m (Italy).
In 2018 Mrika has continued with mountaineering and achieved additional success by climbing to another 2 summits, specifically Grossglockner - 3,798 alt (Austria), and one of the Seven World Summits, the summit of Kilimanjaro - 5,895 alt (Tanzania - Africa).
Seven Summits Challenge
Based on the success achieved so far and her will to reach a world class level, Mrika and her father have begun preparations for the accomplishment of the Seven World Summits Challenge, and climbed all the seven summits by the following itinerary:
Kilimanjaro-Africa (5.895 alt), climbed January 29th 2018
Vinson-Antarctica (4,892), climbed on December 16, 2018
Aconcagua-South America (6,962), climbed 16 February 2019
Mount Everest-Asia (8,850), climbed 27 May 2019
Denali–North America (6,194) climbed on 20 June 2019
Mount Elbrus– Russia (5,642), climbed on 20 July 2019
Carstensz Pyramid–Indonesia (4,884), climbed on 15 August, 2019
During her challenge she has experienced difficulties that each mountaineer dream off. During the Mount Everest Summit she has avoided the risks by cleverly choosing the time where to climb. In here interview with CNN she said :
"You know what, when you decide to come and climb Everest, you prepare yourself that you are going to see dead bodies," Mrika adds. "Maybe something can happen to you, your father, or whoever you're climbing with, so you prepare. You see a dead body and it's like, it's ok. He's gone. I don't want to be like him; I have to move on."
"We saw dead bodies along the way. I think that maybe this could reflect negatively on her -- she's only 17 -- but no, she passed that," Arianit (her father) says.
Mountains climbed
Gallery
200px 200px 200px
References
2001 births
21st-century Albanian sportspeople
21st-century Albanian women
Kosovo Albanians
Sportspeople from Peja
Living people
Summiters of Mount Everest
Albanian mountain climbers
Female climbers
Scorpión FC is a Nicaraguan football team.
It is based in Chinandega.
History
In summer 2004 Scorpión was promoted to Nicaragua's second division.
They played in the Primera División de Nicaragua in 2006/07 but encountered financial problems and were relegated in the end of the season and demoted to the Third Division since they failed to show up for two league games.
Notable coaches
Eduardo Alonso (2004)
Carlos Sánchez
Martín Mena
References
Football clubs in Nicaragua
NGC 3003 is a nearly edge-on barred spiral galaxy in the constellation of Leo Minor, discovered by William Herschel on December 7, 1785. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 11.78, at a distance of 19.5 Mpc from the Sun. It has a recessional velocity of 1474 km/s.
In 1961, a type II supernova with an apparent magnitude of 13.0 was detected within the galaxy, and was subsequently designated SN 1961F.
References
External links
Astronomical objects discovered in 1785
Discoveries by William Herschel
Galaxies discovered in 1785
3003
Barred spiral galaxies
Leo Minor
028186
Red Istanbul (, ) is a 2017 film directed by Ferzan Özpetek, based on the novel written by Özpetek, published in 2013. The film was shot in Turkish language with a cast composed entirely of Turkish actors, 16 years after his second work Harem Suare, director Özpetek came back to shoot a film in Istanbul. The film's first international promotion was held at the Rome Film Festival.
Plot
The writer Orhan Şahin returns to Istanbul after so many years to help the well-known director Deniz Soysal to write his first novel. Orhan finds himself to look with nostalgia at the places where he was born and raised, reliving the relationships with friends, family and past loves.
Cast
Halit Ergenç: Orhan Şahin
Tuba Büyüküstün: Neval
Mehmet Günsür: Yusuf
Nejat İşler: Deniz Soysal
Serra Yılmaz: Sibel
Zerrin Tekindor: Aylin
Ayten Gökçer: Betül
İpek Bilgin: Güzin
Çiğdem Selışık Onat: Süreyya
Reha Özcan: Ali
Production
The shooting was expected to begin in September 2015, but after several delays, due to the delicate social / political situation of the Turkish city, filming officially began April 12, 2016, for a total of seven weeks. The sequences have taken place entirely in Istanbul, but in some areas, for safety reasons, it was not possible to shoot. The film cost 5.5 million Euro.
Distribution
The film has been released in Italian language in Italy on 2 March 2017, while in Turkey it was released on March 3. It was distributed by 01 Distribution in Italy and by Mars Dağıtım in Turkey.
References
External links
2017 films
Turkish multilingual films
Italian multilingual films
Films directed by Ferzan Özpetek
Films shot in Istanbul
MKB Nagar, also known as Maha kavi Bharathi Nagar, is mainly a residential locality in the northern part of the metropolitan city of Chennai, Tamil Nadu state, India. It was earlier known as Tamil Nadu Housing Board Colony until 1982.
Location and Surroundings
MKB Nagar is located in North Chennai. It borders Kodungaiyur to the north, Mullai Nagar to the east, Vyasarpadi to the south-east. Erukkancheri High Road borders this area in south. The locality was planned by the State Housing Board. The locality also consists of Weavers Colony in the north.
It has CBSC school/govt school and all major banks and ATM's. MKB Nagar has supermarkets like Reliance and nilgiris.
Includes post office as well
Transportation
Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) runs passenger buses to MKB Nagar from other major parts of the Chennai city. There are two bus terminals in MKB Nagar: MKB Nagar and Mullai Magar (MKB Nagar East).
The nearest railway station is Vyasarpadi Jeeva.
Politics
MKB Nagar (State Assembly Constituency) is part of Chennai North (Perambur constituency).
References
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
Women's Slalom World Cup 1987/1988
Final point standings
In Women's Slalom World Cup 1986/87 the best 5 results count. Deductions are given in ().
Women's Slalom Team Results
All points were shown including individuel deduction. bold indicate the highest score - italics indicate race wins
References
fis-ski.com
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup slalom women's discipline titles
USS Challenge (SP-1015/AT-59/YT-126/YTM-126) was a commercial tugboat acquired by the United States Navy for service in World War I, and remained available for duty during World War II.
The ship was built in 1889 by J. H. Dialogue and Sons, Camden, New Jersey, as the tug Defiance and commandeered by the Navy from the Shipowners & Merchants Tugboat Co., San Francisco, California, on 13 June 1918, delivered on 24 June, and outfitted at Mare Island Navy Yard. Commissioned as USS Defiance (SP-1015) on 29 July 1918. She was renamed USS Challenge on 15 August 1918.
World War I
Challenge towed oil barges between California and Mexico until 31 May 1920, when she arrived at Bremerton, Washington, for duty under the 13th Naval District. She served as a harbor tug at Puget Sound Navy Yard until decommissioned 13 May 1922.
Recommissioned and reclassified AT-59 on 21 February 1925, Challenge resumed duty as a yard tug at Puget Sound. On 31 January 1936, she was reclassified YT-126, and on 2 December 1940, decommissioned and placed "in service". Reclassified YTM-126 on 13 April 1944; and on 16 October 1946, transferred to the Maritime Commission for disposal.
References
External links
Ships built by Dialogue & Company
Tugs of the United States Navy
1889 ships
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
Auxiliary ships of the United States Navy
Michurinsky () is a settlement (a posyolok) in Novosibirsky District of Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia. The administrative center of Michurinsky Selsoviet. Population: 1208 (2010 Census). Michurinsky is located between Yuny Leninets and Ogurtsovo (Sovetsky District of Novosibirsk).
References
Rural localities in Novosibirsk Oblast
Novosibirsky District
Ray High School is a high school in Kearny, Arizona. It is the only high school under the jurisdiction of the Ray Unified School District, which also operates a primary and elementary school. The high school was originally located in Ray, Arizona but was moved to Kearny, Arizona.
References
External links
Public high schools in Arizona
Schools in Pinal County, Arizona
The men's 1500 metres event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 11 and 12 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Qualification: First 4 of each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
1500 metres at the African Championships in Athletics
The Oregon Jamboree is a three-day country music and camping festival held in Sweet Home, Oregon, United States. The event was founded in 1992 as an economic development project for the Sweet Home community. In addition to funding economic development activities, profits from the festival help support community humanitarian projects. The festival site is located on a large field south of Sweet Home High School. The venue extends across the Weddle Covered Bridge to Sankey Park. Recent attendance has exceeded 13,000 people per day.
Past performers include Kenny Chesney, Montgomery Gentry, Faith Hill, Toby Keith, Tim McGraw, Brad Paisley, Carrie Underwood, and Keith Urban.
No Jamboree was planned in 2020.
References
External links
Oregon Jamboree (official website)
Tourist attractions in Linn County, Oregon
Festivals in Oregon
Sweet Home, Oregon
1992 establishments in Oregon
Annual events in Oregon
Carlmuesebeckius is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Carlmuesebeckius, C. smithsonian, found in Madagascar.
References
Microgastrinae
Park Jung-eun (born 14 January 1977) is a Korean basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, the 2000 Summer Olympics, the 2004 Summer Olympics, and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Park is married to actor Han Sang-jin. They have a daughter.
References
1977 births
Living people
South Korean women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of South Korea
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in basketball
Basketball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Basketball players at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Lorentz invariance follows from two independent postulates: the principle of relativity and the principle of constancy of the speed of light. Dropping the latter while keeping the former leads to a new invariance, known as Fock–Lorentz symmetry or the projective Lorentz transformation. The general study of such theories began with Fock, who was motivated by the search for the general symmetry group preserving relativity without assuming the constancy of c.
This invariance does not distinguish between inertial frames (and therefore satisfies the principle of relativity) but it allows for a varying speed of light in space, c; indeed it allows for a non-invariant c. According to Maxwell's equations, the speed of light satisfies
where ε0 and μ0 are the electric constant and the magnetic constant. If the speed of light depends upon the spacetime coordinates of the medium, say x, then
where represents the vacuum as a variable medium.
See also
Doubly special relativity
Orders of magnitude (length)
Planck scale
Planck units
Quantum gravity
Planck epoch
References
Further reading
40th Winter School on Theoretical Physics
Special relativity
Symmetry
USCGC Sycamore (WLB-209) is a United States Coast Guard seagoing buoy tender, the second of her name and the ninth of the Juniper-class. She is now home-ported in Newport, Rhode Island, following a one year long Midlife Maintenance Availability (MMA) in Baltimore, Maryland. She was originally home-ported in Cordova, Alaska. Sycamore primarily tends to aids-to-navigation (ATON) in Martha's Vineyard, the Long Island Sound, Hudson River, and New York City Harbor and entrances; however she is also responsible for maintenance support of National Data Buoy Center's offshore weather buoys. In addition to her primary ATON role, Sycamore also performs other duties, such as, marine environmental protection, maritime law enforcement, domestic icebreaking, search and rescue, and homeland security missions.
Construction and characteristics
USCGC Sycamore was built by the Marinette Marine Corporation at Marinette, Wisconsin, launched in July 2001 and commissioned in Cordova, Alaska on 2 July 2002. She has a length of , a beam of , and a draft of . Sycamore is propelled by two Caterpillar diesel engines rated at 3,100 horsepower, and has a top speed of 16 knots. She has a single controllable-pitch propeller, which along with bow and stern thrusters, allow the ship to be maneuvered to set buoys close offshore and in restricted waters. A dynamic global positioning system coupled with machinery plant controls and a chart display and information system allow station-keeping of the ship with an accuracy of within five meters of the planned position without human intervention. Sycamore is also equipped with an oil-skimming system known as the Spilled Oil Recovery System (SORS), which is used in her mission of maritime environmental protection. The cutter has a 2,875 square foot buoy deck area with a crane that is used for servicing large ocean buoys.
Mission
USCGC Sycamore has an area of responsibility within the First Coast Guard District which covers the U.S. states of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, and New York. While her primary mission is servicing ATON, she is also tasked with maritime law enforcement, marine pollution prevention and response, treaty enforcement, homeland security missions, and search and rescue. Sycamore has an icebreaking capability of at 3 knots and backing and ramming.
History
On 1 August 2006 Sycamore assisted the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) by transporting a towing assessment team to the stricken vessel MV Cougar Ace which was listing severely and in danger of sinking. She further assisted NOAA contract salvors by providing soundings in the area of the proposed mooring for the Cougar Ace and monitored the tow for oil spills while escorting the salvors T/T Gladiator and T/T Sea Victory. Sycamore enforced a security zone during the tow.
During July 2010 Sycamore responded to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill by transiting the Panama Canal. During the summer of 2012 Sycamore participated in Operation Arctic Shield 2012 accompanied by , , and sister ship while conducting exercises in oil spill skimming under arctic conditions as well as exercises with NORTHCOM and the U.S. Navy.
On 28 July 2013, the tug Krystal Sea was maneuvering an attached barge and the barge struck the port bow section of the moored Sycamore causing damage to the railings and deck.
Sycamore arrived at Curtis Bay, Maryland on March 25, 2019 for a midlife maintenance refit. She was then assigned to Newport, Rhode Island after the refit. She arrived in Newport, in May 2020.
See also
USCG seagoing buoy tender
Notes
Citations
References used
External links
2001 ships
Navigational aids
Juniper-class seagoing buoy tenders
Ships built by Marinette Marine
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
Lichtenhagen is a borough of Rostock in the federal state Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
It is a Plattenbau housing estate built from 1974 to 1976. It derives its name from the adjacent village of Elmenhorst/Lichtenhagen. Its population peaked in 1988 with 20,276 inhabitants, which had fallen continuously to 13,467 by 2006. By 2013, its population recovered to 14,171, as the city of Rostock continues to grow.
The borough became infamous in August 1992 for the Riot of Rostock-Lichtenhagen.
Lichtenhagen
Neighbourhoods in Germany
Craspedoxantha milleri is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Craspedoxantha of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
South Africa.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1985
Diptera of Africa
The Teberan–Pawaian languages, or Tua River languages, are a family of Papuan languages, established by Timothy Usher, that are spoken in the region of the Tua River. They are the Teberan languages and the Wiru and Pawaia isolates.
Teberan and Pawaian had previously been linked, along with the East Kutubuan languages, in Wurm's 1975 Trans-Murray branch of Trans–New Guinea.
References
External links
Timothy Usher, New Guinea World, Proto–Tua River
Papuan Gulf languages
Language families
Birthana cleis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Cajetan Felder, Rudolf Felder and Alois Friedrich Rogenhofer in 1875. It is found on Ambon and in Australia, where it has been recorded from the Northern Territory, Queensland and New South Wales.
The wingspan is 30–34 mm. The forewings are blackish with an orange fascia from the mid-costa to the dorsum before the tornus, outwardly oblique and slightly curved. The hindwings are broader than the forewings. They are blackish with a broad orange median fascia.
The larvae have been found feeding gregariously on the foliage of Decaisnina signata. Pupation takes place on a leaf in a circular communal cocoon.
References
Moths described in 1875
Immidae
Moths of Oceania
The Canaan Christian Community Church in the Gambia was founded by a missionary of the Presbyterian Church in Korea (HapDong), namely Rev. Jae Hwan Lee. He organised a congregation in Brikama, but later more Korean missionaries arrived and another church was established in Somita. A small Bible college was established.
References
Reformed denominations in Africa
Religion in the Gambia
Rabee Sufyani (Arabic: ربيع سفياني; born 26 January 1987) is a Saudi football player who plays as a winger for Jeddah.
Career statistics
International
Statistics accurate as of match played 10 August 2019.
International goals
Scores and results list Saudi Arabia's goal tally first.
Honours
Club
Al-Fateh
Pro League: 2012-13
Saudi Super Cup: 2013
Al-Nassr
Pro League: 2013–14
Saudi Crown Prince Cup: 2013–14
Al-Ittihad
Saudi Crown Prince Cup: 2016–17
King Cup: 2018
Al-Taawoun
King Cup: 2019
References
Saudi Arabian footballers
1987 births
Living people
Association football wingers
Al Hilal SFC players
Al-Fateh SC players
Al Nassr FC players
Al-Taawoun FC players
Ittihad FC players
Al-Ain FC (Saudi Arabia) players
Hajer FC players
Jeddah Club players
Sportspeople from Riyadh
Saudi First Division League players
Saudi Professional League players
Saudi Arabia international footballers
Inon Zur (, ; born July 4, 1965) is an Israeli-American composer. Originally writing for movies and television, he later moved into composing for video games. He has been described as being "internationally recognized as one of the A-list orchestral composers in the video games industry". Zur has composed the music to over 50 video games, 15 television shows, and 10 films, as well as film trailers. He has been nominated for numerous awards, and has won three—a Telly Award in 1997 for Best Score on Power Rangers: Turbo, a Game Audio Network Guild award in 2004 for Best Original Instrumental track for Men of Valor, and a Hollywood Music in Media Award in 2009 for Best Original Song – Video Game for Dragon Age: Origins.
Biography
Early life
Inon Zur was born in Israel. At the age of five, he was trying to compose harmonies with his mother's singing, and became inspired by classical music. He learned to play French horn as a child, studied piano by the age of eight, and was studying composition by the age of ten. He graduated from the Music Academy of Tel Aviv, and spent four years in the Israeli military. He emigrated to the United States in 1990 to study at the Dick Grove School of Music for a year, and then under private tutor Jack Smalley, a television music composer, and others for two years at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Career
Zur began his career in 1994 by working on soundtracks for movies, such as Yellow Lotus, featured at the Sundance Film Festival. He signed on to compose for Fox Family for six years, and made soundtracks for various children's television shows, including Digimon and Power Rangers. By 2002, he estimated that he had composed the soundtrack to over 360 Power Rangers episodes. He won his first award during this period in his career, a Telly Award for his work on Power Rangers: Turbo. While he enjoyed the work, he began to want to go work somewhere "more intriguing, more advanced, and basically a place that people really appreciate music more"; his agent overcame his initial reluctance and convinced him to work in the video games industry. His first video game soundtrack was 2000's Star Trek: Klingon Academy, which he started composing for the game in 1997. Zur moved on to prestigious titles, composing for the award-winning and critically acclaimed Baldur's Gate II: Throne of Bhaal in 2001 and Icewind Dale II in 2002, among many others. Icewind Dale II earned him the first of many nominations for video game music awards, that of the Game Audio Network Guild's Music of the Year award. He continued to work on movies and television programs during these years, composing the soundtrack to Au Pair in 1999 and the English version of the 2000 anime series Escaflowne.
Zur's latest movie soundtrack to date was that of 2001's Au Pair II. He has worked on a few television series since then; his last traditional television soundtrack was for The Bachelor in 2002, though he has composed music for three webisode series since then. He continued to work on numerous video games, including Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones in 2005 and Crysis in 2007. He has garnered several nominations for video game music awards, including his first win, for Men of Valor in the Best Original Instrumental track category of the 2004 Game Audio Network Guild awards. His latest released titles have been Fallout 3 and Prince of Persia in 2008, Dragon Age: Origins and the Nintendo DS version of James Cameron's Avatar: The Game in 2009, Fallout: New Vegas in 2010, and Fallout 4 in 2015. His work on Dragon Age: Origins has earned Zur his third career award, that of Best Original Song – Video Game in the 2009 Hollywood Music In Media Awards.
Zur penned the original musical score for The Lord of the Rings: War in the North video game, conducting and recording with the London Philharmonia Orchestra and the Pinewood Singers Choir at the legendary Abbey Road Studios in London. In an industry first, a dedicated concert of his music from War in the North was performed each evening at the 2011 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) in Los Angeles. The one-hour concert series was conducted by Zur and performed by The Hollywood Orchestra and Choir with the participation of The Lyris Quartet and solos from celebrated vocalist Aubrey Ashburn.
Performances
Zur's compositions have been played several times in live concerts. The first of these was a concert held in Seoul, South Korea, on May 30, 2006, dedicated to his music for Lineage II: Chronicle V: Oath of Blood. On August 20, 2008, music from his soundtrack to Crysis was played in Leipzig, Germany, at a Video Games Live concert. His music from Dragon Age: Origins and Prince of Persia was performed at the September 26, 2009 "A Night in Fantasia 2009" concert in Sydney, Australia, by the Eminence Symphony Orchestra. Zur was a special guest at the concert.
Musical style and influences
Zur's compositions frequently are focused on full orchestras, choir and, in some games like Prince of Persia, ethnic instruments like Arabic flutes and the woodwind duduk. He has often collaborated with the Northwest Sinfonia orchestra from Seattle, though he has on occasion used other orchestras. Whenever Zur works with a real orchestra, he always conducts it himself. He has named some of his musical influences as classical artists such as Sergey Prokofiev, Igor Stravinsky, and Beethoven, movie composers like John Williams and Jerry Goldsmith, and jazz artists like George Gershwin and Henry McFeeny. While he would one day like to compose music not intended to be part of a larger piece of media, he finds that the pressure of a deadline and the feedback from the developers are crucial in his development process. He feels that his music sounds best when it is in the context given by the media it was made for, though he feels that performances of the music by itself transforms it "from just a soundtrack to an art form on its own". Zur sometimes collaborates with other musicians while composing his game soundtracks; for example, he worked with Florence and the Machine to create a unique rendition of "I'm Not Calling You A Liar" for the Dragon Age II soundtrack.
Zur typically is brought in to compose for a game once it is mostly complete, though he notes that that is earlier than for films and television—where nothing changes after he starts besides post-production effects—making video game music composition a more "flexible" process. He finds that it is "crucial" for him to play a game before he can compose music for it, even if it only a development version. Rather than compose music based around the setting in the game where it will be played, Zur composes music around the emotion that he wants the player to feel at that point in the game. While he feels that music composition technology has come far enough in recent years to no longer be a limiting factor in his music, he does feel that the music budgets for games limit what he can create. Zur feels that he is considered in the industry to be a very fast composer, which he attributes to his tendency to compose music "intuitively", rather than spending a lot of time planning it out. When not composing, Zur likes to play video games, especially those he has composed for, as well as play basketball and spend time with his family. The types of projects that he would like to work on in the future that he has not yet done are children's games and soundtracks incorporating jazz music.
Works
Films
Television
Video games
References
External links
1965 births
American film score composers
American male film score composers
American television composers
Fallout (series) developers
Israeli emigrants to the United States
Living people
Male television composers
UCLA School of the Arts and Architecture alumni
Video game composers
Stockton Lake is a reservoir located in southeastern Cedar County, northeastern Dade County, and southwestern Polk County, Missouri. The lake is 'V' shaped, and covers , with of shoreline.
It has three marinas, and 10 public-use areas. It has a "non-development policy," and is surrounded by unspoiled, tree-covered hills. Its banks are owned and operated by the Army Corps of Engineers.
Stockton Lake is one of Missouri's seven major lakes, all man-made. It was formed by damming the Sac River near the city of Stockton in 1969. The lake is crossed by three state highways over a network of six bridges. A pipeline carries water from Stockton Lake to Fellows Lake in northern Greene County to help supplement water for the city of Springfield. Stockton lake has numerous coves protected from the wind making it a great lake to wakeboard, water ski or other water sports.
Stockton Dam and hydroelectric power plant
After the USACE construction was complete on the dam, the lake began filling in 1969. The dam rises above the Sac River streambed. The lake is about with of shoreline. Normal pool is at 867 feet above mean sea level (msl) with storage of . The flood storage capacity of the lake is of water at an elevation of 892 ft msl, during which the surface area of the reservoir grows to . Stockton Lake is operated primarily for flood control and hydroelectric generation and originally had an installed capacity of 45.2 MW in a single electric generator.
The original powerhouse of the dam had a single six-bladed Kaplan turbine designed by Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company and a General Electric generator rated at 45.2 MW. The original turbine was placed in service in 1973. After years of heavy vibration and a poorly matched turbine design, one of the blades catastrophically failed in February 2009, causing an immediate shutdown of the plant. The sheared off blade, weighing , was later recovered from the river. The turbine runner was repaired in 2010 by welding the old blade back in place. Other cracks were also discovered and repaired at this time.
While the repaired turbine was operating, the Corps of Engineers and contractors tried to determine how to correct the issues at Stockton Dam. Analysis concluded that the original turbine was likely rated for a much different site due to its ability to spin at nearly full power without tilting the blades past their "full flat" setting. Why the turbine and generator were mismatched has not been determined. Due to the significant issues and age of the turbine, an entirely new one was custom designed for replacement in 2014-2015. Upgrades for the $48 million project include:
The new 71,700-horsepower Kaplan turbine runner, with 7 bolts on blades (rather than 6), 75 rpm
rewiring the generator windings of the rotor and stator
electrical rating increase to 52 MW
new digital excitation system, surface air coolers, and digital governor for the generator
refurbishment of the mechanical accessories
161 kV main power transformer replacement
Intake gate and draft tube bulkhead repairs
Salvage and in-place blade repair
emergency diesel generator replacement
asbestos abatement and lead paint removal.
The Stockton Power Plant is a peaking plant that produces 55 GWh of average annual energy valued at $8.3 million. The new, more efficient turbine was installed in 2014 and became operational in January 2015. Part of the costs of the repair were offset by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. The old turbine was placed on a pedestal above the road which crosses the dam.
Stockton Equestrian Trail
Stockton Lake features an equestrian trail that is approximately 15 miles long and travels in close proximity along the lake shore from Hawker Point to Orleans Trail Campgrounds. This is a multi use trail for Hikers and Mountain biking, there are no motorized vehicles allowed.
Sailing at Stockton
The great sailing conditions are fueled by winds from Oklahoma and Kansas, consistently blowing from west to east across the lake. About one-third of the 300 mile lake is accessible to sailboats, the bridges across the lake on Highway 215 and 245 prevent most sail boats from going farther on the lake, but this section of lake is still an ideal location for sailing. The Stockton Yacht club holds annual races on the lake that usually draw large numbers of boats, with the most prestigious of these races being the Governor's Cup Regatta.
References
External links
http://www.stockton-lake.com/
http://www.nwk.usace.army.mil/Locations/DistrictLakes/StocktonLake.aspx
Upgrades and costs of new turbine: http://www.swpa.gov/PDFs/Hydro/2014Meeting/Stockton-Rehabilitation_HentschelWankum.pdf
Dams in Missouri
Lakes of the U.S. Interior Highlands
Protected areas of Cedar County, Missouri
Protected areas of Dade County, Missouri
Protected areas of Polk County, Missouri
Buildings and structures in Cedar County, Missouri
Buildings and structures in Dade County, Missouri
Buildings and structures in Polk County, Missouri
Reservoirs in Missouri
Bodies of water of the Ozarks
United States Army Corps of Engineers dams
Bodies of water of Cedar County, Missouri
Bodies of water of Dade County, Missouri
Bodies of water of Polk County, Missouri
The 108th Illinois Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 108th Illinois Infantry was organized in Peoria, Illinois, and mustered in for three years service on August 28, 1862, under the command of Colonel John Warner.
The regiment was attached to the following:
2nd Brigade, 1st Division, Army of Kentucky, Department of the Ohio, to November 1862.
2nd Brigade, 10th Division, XIII Corps, Department of the Tennessee, to December 1862.
2nd Brigade, 1st Division, Sherman's Yazoo Expedition, to January 1863.
2nd Brigade, 10th Division, XIII Corps, Army of the Tennessee, to May 1863.
Detached Brigade, District of Northeast Louisiana, to August 1863.
1st Brigade, 2nd Division, XVI Corps, to November 1863.
Post of Corinth, Mississippi, 2nd Division, XVI Corps, to January 1864.
2nd Brigade, District of Memphis, Tennessee, to June 1864.
2nd Brigade, Sturgis' Expedition, June 1864. 1st Brigade, Memphis, Tennessee, District of West Tennessee, to February 1865.
3rd Brigade, 3rd Division, XVI Corps, Military Division of West Mississippi, to August 1865.
The 108th Illinois Infantry mustered out of service on August 5, 1865, at Vicksburg, Mississippi.
Detailed service
Moved to Nicholasville, Kentucky, October 17-November 1, 1862.
Marched to Louisville, Kentucky, November 14–19, 1862.
Moved to Memphis, Tennessee, November 21–26, and duty there until December 20.
Sherman's Yazoo Expedition December 20, 1862, to January 2, 1863.
Chickasaw Bayou December 26–28, 1862.
Chickasaw Bluff December 29.
Expedition to Arkansas Post, Arkansas, January 3–10, 1863.
Assault and capture of Fort Hindman, Arkansas Post, January 10–11.
Moved to Young's Point, Louisiana, January 17–24, and duty there until March 10.
At Milliken's Bend, Louisiana, until April 25.
Movement on Bruinsburg and turning Grand Gulf April 25–30.
Battles of Port Gibson, Mississippi, May 1.
Champion Hill May 16.
Detached to guard prisoners from Big Black River to Memphis, Tennessee, May 16–30.
At Young's Point, Louisiana, during siege of Vicksburg and until July 18.
Moved to Vicksburg July 18.
Memphis, Tennessee, July 26–29.
LaGrange, Tennessee, August 5. Duty there until October 28.
Pocahontas until November 9.
At Corinth, Mississippi, until January 25, 1864.
Moved to Memphis, Tennessee, and duty there until February 1865.
Sturgis' Expedition to Guntown, Mississippi, June 1–13, 1864.
Brice's (or Tishamingo) Creek, near Guntown, June 10.
Ripley June 11. Repulse of Forrest's attack on Memphis August 21, 1864.
Moved to New Orleans, Louisiana, then to Dauphin Island, Alabama, February 28-March 16.
Operations against Mobile and its defenses March 16-April 12.
Siege of Spanish Fort and Fort Blakely March 26-April 8.
Assault and capture of Fort Blakely April 9.
Occupation of Mobile April 12.
March to Montgomery April 13–25, and duty there until July 18.
Moved to Vicksburg, Mississippi, July 18-August 5.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 214 men during service; 1 officer and 8 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 3 officers and 202 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel John Warner - dismissed from the service March 13, 1863
Colonel Charles Turner
See also
List of Illinois Civil War units
Illinois in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Attribution
External links
History and rosters of the 108th Illinois Infantry from the Illinois Adjutant General's Report
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Illinois
1862 establishments in Illinois
Nitin Sardesai is a politician from the Maharashtra state of India. He belongs to the political party of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and is a member of the Maharashtra Legislative Assembly since 2009.
Political career
Sardesai has been friends with Raj Thackeray, the founder and president of MNS, since their college days. He is a partner with Thackeray in the real estate agency called "Matoshree Infrastructure". He is also the General Secretary and Chief Coordinator of MNS and president of Hawai Karmachari Sena (HAKSE), the wing of MNS which works for the Air Services employees. HAKSE was launched in November 2008 as a labour union in aviation sector. Earlier in October 2008, more than 1900 employees were sacked by Jet Airways but were taken back after MNS staged protests.
After formation of MNS in 2006, the party contested its first state assembly elections in 2009. Sardesai contested from the Mahim constituency of Mumbai and won. He defeated Sadanand Saravankar of Indian National Congress and actor-politician Aadesh Bandekar of Shiv Sena. In the 2014 Assembly elections, he was defeated by INC-return Shiv Sena turncoat and former MLA Sadanand "Sada" Sarvankar.
See also
Raj Thakeray
References
1963 births
Maharashtra Navnirman Sena politicians
Maharashtra MLAs 2009–2014
Marathi politicians
Politicians from Mumbai
Living people
Palomar College Transit Center (or Palomar College) is a North County Transit District transit hub in San Marcos, California. It consists of a bus station and a train station. The bus station (signed Palomar College Transit Center on site) serves as a terminus for all BREEZE bus lines that pass through San Marcos, and is located at the main entrance at Palomar College. Across the street from the bus depot is the two-platform SPRINTER Palomar College station.
Platforms and tracks
References
External links
SPRINTER Stations
North County Transit District stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2008
San Marcos, California
Railway stations in California at university and college campuses
2008 establishments in California
Carlos Cardona (born 7 March 1974) is a Colombian internet entrepreneur best known for his Web 1.0 start-up Yupi Internet. He started his first company at the age of 18. His company went on to raise US$150 million from venture capitalists including Sony, Comcast and News Corp. Yupi was later sold to a joint venture between Microsoft and Telmex after the Dot-com bubble crash.
Internet entrepreneur
Founder of several start-ups including Yupi Internet (Yupi.com) (later sold to Microsoft / Telmex) Now latino.msn.com
Co-founder of Welltok Inc to be acquired by Virgin Pulse
Professional recognition
Carlos Cardona, influential Hispanic for 2000 - HispanicBusiness.com
Received both 1999 and 2000 Hispanic Entrepreneur Award “100 Most Influential Hispanics” by Hispanic Magazine, sponsored by IBM.
Need an Internet Expert for Y2K? Carlos Cardona, Founder and CTO of Yupi.com Prnewswire.com
Newsweek: Critical Mas: 20 For 2000
Newsweek: Latin U.S.A.: How Young Hispanics Are Changing America
Carlos Slim (Telmex) and Bill Gates (Microsoft) buy Yupi.com *Spanish
Microsoft Press: Microsoft and Telmex Joint Venture, T1msn, to Acquire Yupi Internet
Microsoft Press: Getting in the Head of 26,000 YupiMSN Users
Microsoft Press: YupiMSN Introduces MSN Explorer in Spanish
New York Times: Business; "What they are reading"
References
External links
Carlos Cardona - personal web site
Colombian businesspeople
1974 births
Living people
Businesspeople in information technology
Mark Brokenshire (born 28 February 1961) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for Manly and Canterbury-Bankstown in the NSWRL competition during the 1980s and 1990s.
Playing career
Brokenshire started his first grade career at Manly in 1987 but was not a part of the grand final winning team of that season.
In 1990, Brokenshire moved to Canterbury and played in the 1994 grand final defeat against the Canberra Raiders.
Brokenshire retired at the end of 1994 and went his entire first grade career without scoring a try.
References
1961 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Country New South Wales rugby league team players
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles players
Rugby league players from Murwillumbah
Rugby league props
The 2016–17 season was Everton's 63rd consecutive season in the top flight of English football and their 139th year in existence. They participated in the Premier League, FA Cup, League Cup and League Trophy. The season covered the period from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017.
Players
First team
Everton announced their squad numbers for the 2016–17 Premier League on 3 August 2016.
Player awards
Player of the Season – Romelu Lukaku
Players' Player of the Season – Romelu Lukaku
Young Player of the Season – Tom Davies
Reserve / U21 Player of the Season – Jonjoe Kenny
Goal of the Season – Tom Davies vs. Manchester City
Transfers
Transfers in
Total spending: £73,950,000
Transfers out
Total incoming: £55,000,000
Loans in
Loans out
Competitions
Pre-season and friendlies
Premier League
League table
Results by matchday
Matches
FA Cup
EFL Cup
Statistics
|}
References
Everton
Everton F.C. seasons
Bernard Privat (25 October 1914 – 11 October 1985) was a French writer and editor.
Biography
Bernard Privat received the Prix Femina for Au pied du mur in 1959.
He was also in charge of the éditions Grasset for over twenty-five years. As Bernard Grasset's nephew, Bernard Privat took the job in 1954. In 1967, along with his friend Jean-Claude Fasquelle, he merged his publishing company with the éditions Fasquelle. He would go on to publish authors such as Yves Berger, François Nourissier, Françoise Mallet-Joris, Matthieu Galey, Françoise Verny, and Edmonde Charles-Roux, who received the Prix Goncourt with Oublier Palerme. Bernard Privat left his job at the éditions Grasset in 1981.
Bibliography
Cet ange en moi (1943, poetry)
Églogues by Virgil (1948, translation)
Armance (1947)
Au pied du mur, (1959, Prix Femina)
Une nuit sans sommeil (1966)
La Jeune Fille (1976)
L'Itinéraire (1982)
References
1914 births
1985 deaths
Prix Femina winners
20th-century French novelists
20th-century French poets
French male poets
French male novelists
20th-century French male writers
Cameraria saccharella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ontario and Quebec in Canada, and Illinois, New Jersey, Ohio, Maine, New York, Connecticut and Vermont in the United States.
The wingspan is 5–7 mm.
The larvae feed on Acer species, including Acer nigrum, Acer rubrum, Acer saccharinum and Acer saccharum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a small irregular blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. There may be up to thirty mines on a single leaf. The pupa is not enclosed in a cocoon.
References
External links
Cameraria at microleps.org
mothphotographersgroup
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of Canada
Lepidoptera of the United States
Leaf miners
Moths described in 1908
Taxa named by Annette Frances Braun
The 2019 season is Terengganu's second season in the Malaysia Super League since the rebranding in 2017.
Coaching staff
Squad information
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Tour of Vietnam (13 to 17 Jan 2019)
Competitions
Malaysia Super League
League table
Results summary
Result round by round
Matches
Malaysia FA Cup
Malaysia Cup
Group stage
Statistics
Appearances and goals
References
External links
Terengganu FC seasons
Malaysian football clubs 2019 season
Malaysian football club seasons by club
Frano Kršinić (24 July 1897 – 1 January 1982) was a Croatian sculptor active in former Yugoslavia. Along with Ivan Meštrović and Antun Augustinčić, he is considered one of the three most important Croatian sculptors of the 20th century. His most widely known work is the statue of Nikola Tesla installed at the Niagara Falls State Park, United States, an identical copy of the monument residing in front of the building of the School of Electrical Engineering, University of Belgrade (Serbia).
Biography
Kršinić was born in 1897 in the village of Lumbarda on the Adriatic island of Korčula in south Croatia, which was at the time part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. He was born into a family with a long tradition of stonemasonry, and he was also trained at the local stonemasonry school before going on to attend the stone-working and masonry school in Hořice (in present-day Czech Republic) in 1912. Upon graduation in 1916 he enrolled at the Academy of Fine Arts in Prague, where he studied in the classes of renowned Czech sculptors Josef Václav Myslbek and Jan Štursa and graduated in 1920. He then returned to Croatia and settled in Zagreb, where he worked as a freelance sculptor before becoming a teacher of sculpting at the Academy of Fine Arts Zagreb in 1924.
By the late 1920s his individual expression was formed, away from the mainstream of Art Deco and the overwhelming influence of Ivan Meštrović. In this period his style and sculptural elegance took shape through a number of works defined by soft lines in closed forms such as Awakening, Diana, Young Woman Tending a Rose, Reading, After the Bath and others.
In the following decades Kršinić devoted himself to works marked by finer chiseling in marble, mostly of female art nudes and motherly motifs, such as sculptures titled Meditation, Mother Feeding a Child, etc. In 1947 he was made master sculptor and head of the sculpting workshop at the Zagreb Academy of Fine Arts, and in 1948 he became a member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts. In his last decades Krsinic created numerous small format sculptures which varied the theme of the young girl, as well as art nudes. Works such as Worry, Sunbathing and Resting are said to represent perfection in the softness of sculpting in marble. He retired from teaching in 1967 and in 1975 he stopped sculpting.
References
Further reading
External links
Frano Kršinić short biography at Tate.org.uk
Frano Kršinić biography at Korcula.net
19th-century Croatian sculptors
20th-century Croatian sculptors
1897 births
1982 deaths
People from Lumbarda
People from the Kingdom of Dalmatia
Croatian sculptors
Vladimir Nazor Award winners
Members of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts
20th-century Croatian people
Academy of Fine Arts, Prague alumni
University of Zagreb faculty
Burials at Mirogoj Cemetery
20th-century sculptors
The French ironclad Gloire (, "Glory") was the first ocean-going ironclad, launched in 1859. It was developed after the Crimean War, in response to new developments of naval gun technology, especially the Paixhans guns and rifled guns, which used explosive shells with increased destructive power against wooden ships, and after the development of the ironclad floating batteries built by the British and French for the bombardment of Russian forts during the Crimean War.
Design and description
Gloire was designed by the French naval architect Henri Dupuy de Lôme as a 5,630-ton broadside ironclad with a wooden hull. Its 12 cm-thick (4.7 in) armour plates, backed with 43 cm (17 in) of timber, resisted hits by the experimental shooting of the strongest guns of the time (the French 50-pounder and the British 68-pounder) at full charge, at a distance of 20 metres (65 ft).
Her maximum speed was 13.1 knots but other reports suggested no more than 11.75 knots had been attained and that 11 knots was the practical maximum.
As was common for the era, Gloire was constructed with sails as well as a steam-powered screw. The original rigging was a light barquentine rig providing 1,096 sq. m (11,800 sq. ft) of surface area. This was later increased to a full rig providing 2,508 sq. m (27,000 sq. ft) of surface.
Service
Gloire was launched at the arsenal of Mourillon, Toulon, on 24 November 1859; and entered service in August 1860.
It was eliminated from the French fleet registry in 1879, and scrapped in 1883.
Importance in naval history
As the first ocean-going ironclad, Gloire rendered obsolete traditional unarmoured wooden ships-of-the-line, and all major navies soon began to build ironclads of their own.
Gallery
Notes
Bibliography
Ships built in France
1859 ships
Gloire-class ironclads
Paula S. Fass (born 1947) is an American historian and the Margaret Byrne Professor of History (Emerita) at the University of California, Berkeley. A social and cultural historian, Fass has published numerous books on the history of childhood and youth in the United States, and served as President of the Society for the History of Children and Youth from 2007 to 2009.
Biography
Fass was born on May 22, 1947, and educated at Columbia University.
Publications
The End of American Childhood: A History of Parenting from Life on the Frontier to the Managed Child. Princeton University Press, 2016
The Routledge History of Childhood in the Western World (Editor). Routledge, 2013.
Reinventing Childhood After World War II (co-edited with Michael Grossberg). University of Pennsylvania Press, 2011.
Children of a New World: Society, Culture, and Globalization. New York University Press, 2007.
Encyclopedia of Children and Childhood in History and Society (Editor-in-Chief). Macmillan Reference, 2004.
Childhood in America (co-edited with Mary Ann Mason). New York University Press, 2000.
Kidnapped: Child Abduction in America. Oxford University Press, 1997.
Outside In: Minorities and the Transformation of American Education. Oxford University Press, 1989.
The Damned and the Beautiful: American Youth in the 1920s. Oxford University Press, 1977.
References
1947 births
American historians of education
Barnard College alumni
Columbia University alumni
Jewish American historians
Living people
University of California, Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
Historians from California
21st-century American Jews
A mass catcher is a theoretical device envisioned to decelerate a mass of material, usually in the context of outer space transport. A large object placed in space with a conical shape would stop other objects hurtling towards the center of the back of it. These other objects would not bounce back into space because small debris from previous impacts with the mass catcher would form a coating similar to regolith, which would absorb the impact and decelerate the object to the velocity of the mass catcher. Interstellar transport of bulk materials would be a potential source of demand for the construction of a mass catcher (e.g. lunar or asteroidal mined ore originally accelerated into a trajectory intercepting the mass catcher by a mass driver). This device was proposed in 1978 by Thomas A. Heppenheimer.
See also
Mass driver
References
Spaceflight technology
Maurizio Pisciottu (born 29 June 1984), known professionally as Salmo, is an Italian rapper and record producer.
Since his debut in the Italian music scene he has released five solo albums, peaking at number one three times, and numerous successful singles and collaborations, selling over 3 million copies in Italy.
Biography
1997–2011: Early years
Born in Olbia in 1984, Salmo began his musical career at age 13, recording his early verses between 1997 and 1998. In 1999, he made and published the demo Premeditazione e dolo with Olbian rappers Bigfoot and Skascio (with whom he formed the Premeditazione e dolo group). He published his first solo demo in 2004, entitled Sotto pelle. The following year, Salmo self-produced and released his second demo, Mr. Antipatia.
As part of his solo career, Salmo has collaborated on several projects. He has worked with the rap metal band Skasico, with whom he recorded and produced the albums Therapy (2004), 21 Grams (2006), and Orange and Bloom (2008). In 2008, he collaborated with the Ed Gein in the production of Toedgein (2008) and Shell Shock (2011). In 2009, he produced the Merciful Bullets EP of stoner rock band Three Pigs Trip.
2011–2012: The Island Chainsaw Massacre and Death USB
In 2011, Salmo published his first studio album, titled The Island Chainsaw Massacre, which quickly gave notoriety to the rapper in the national rap scene. The following year Salmo appeared in the mixtape Machete Mixtape (self-produced by Machete Empire Records) in which several rappers of the Italian scene took part, such as Ensi, Bassi Maestro, Clementino and MadMan. Inside the record appears the song Go Jack!, a dissing turned to Pino Scotto.
Furthermore, in the same year Salmo released his second album Death USB, published on 23 February, which saw the publication of five Video clips, namely those of Il pentacolo, Negative Youth, Death USB, Doomsday and Demons to Diamonds. Also, at the MTV Hip Hop Awards 2012, Salmo won in the category "Best Crossover". Still in 2012, the rapper took part to the realization of Machete Crew mixtape Machete Mixtape Vol II, in which are present Stupido gioco del rap and Disobey, from which some video clips have been extracted, published on 17 November and 24 January 2013.
2013: Midnite
On 18 March 2013, the rapper announced the track list of his third album Midnite (slang for "midnight"), published on 2 April and first teased on 21 March by the single Russell Crowe. The album debuted at the first position on the Italian music industry organization's rankings. On 18 April, Rob Zombie'''s video clip, a song made in collaboration with Noyz Narcos, was released, while the video clip of S.A.L.M.O. was released on 1 July. On 22 July, the video clip of the song Killer Game was released, in collaboration with Gemitaiz and MadMan, while Midnite on 25 July was certified as a gold record for reaching the threshold of 30,000 copies sold.
In August, the rapper collaborated with Dutch horrorcore group Dope D.O.D. in the track Blood Shake, which was officially released on 5 September. The video clip was published in December.The Island, a single featured with El Raton, En?gma and DJ Slait, was released on 17 September, the date when the video was also released. On 7 October was released the video clip of Midnite's closing track, Faraway, while on 26 November was released that for the piece Space Invaders, which saw the participation of Nitro.
On 24 December, the rapper released a standalone Christmas freestyle entitled Buon N ***** in collaboration with rappers Gemitaiz and MadMan.
2014: S.A.L.M.O. Documentary and the release from Tanta Roba
On 19 May 2014, through his Facebook page, Salmo announced his release from Tanta Roba, revealing that the fourth studio album would be published by Machete Empire Records and that the latest publication, with the label of DJ Harsh and Gué Pequeno, would be the live album S.A.L.M.O. Documentary, released 17 June. This last album contains some songs performed live during the tour in support of Midnite, a documentary and the unreleased Mussoleeni, published digitally on 5 June.
On 5 August 2014 the rapper released the first single named La bestia in me for the Mixtape Machete Mixtape III, a record of Machete Empire. It released 23 September. On 2 September the music video for the song Venice Beach, from Machete Mixtape III, was published exclusively on the Red Bull website.
2015–2016: Hellvisback
Towards the end of 2014 he directed the videoclip of the single Sabato of famous Italian singer Jovanotti, together with Antonio Usbergo and Nicolò Celaia (both of YouNuts!). The collaboration with Jovanotti continued during 2015 with the realization of a remix of Sabato and with the participation at the Lorenzo negli stadi 2015 Tour as opening artist. In 2015 Salmo also collaborated with Noyz Narcos and Fritz da Cat on the song Dal tramonto all'alba, published as third single from Localz Only album on 29 May of the same year.
On 18 December 2015 Salmo published the single 1984, entirely composed by the rapper himself and promoted by the related videoclip released on the same day. At the same time as the release of the single, the fourth studio album Hellvisback, was announced releasing on 5 February 2016.
This album contains two featurings in the same song: Il Messia featuring Victor Kwality and Travis Barker, the drummer of Blink-182. The album got an incredibile success, becoming certified Gold (more than 25,000 copies sold) after one week. In 2017 it gains the Double Platinum status. On 25 November, the album was re-released named Hellvisback Platinum with the addition of a second CD consisting of live and two additional unreleased tracks, including the single Don Medellín featuring Rose Villain.
2017–present: Playlist and Flop
On 6 March 2017 Salmo acted as the protagonist in a Short film named Nuraghes S'Arena, directed by Mauro Aragoni and released exclusively by Paramount Channel. Later on 21 July the rapper returned to music with the release of Estate Dimmerda together with a music video. On 24 November, Salmo released another single, entitled Perdonami, debuting at the top of the Italian singles chart.
In 2018 Salmo makes appearances in the albums No Comment by Nitro and Enemy by Noyz Narcos, in the songs Chairaggione and Mick Check respectively. 8 March Salmo announces the release of his fifth studio album, Playlist, and his first two concerts where it could be heard live. At PalaLottomatica in Rome on 16 December and at Mediolanum Forum in Assago on 22 December. The album was released on 9 November, consisting of 13 tracks, with guests such as Fabri Fibra, Nitro, NSTASIA, Sfera Ebbasta and Coez. The album was preceded by the release of the single 90min (21 September) and by an advertising campaign involving an exhibition in front of the Duomo in Milan where Salmo disguised himself as a homeless man. The advertising campaign also involved the publication of a promotional video on the Pornographic video sharing website, Pornhub.
On 5 July 2019 Salmo released Machete Mixtape 4, a collaborative compilation album with many rappers (largely from Machete Empire Records roster) in which he participates and produces a large portion of the 18 song track-list.
Three years after his last album, Salmo announced his album Flop through an Instagram post on 17 September 2021. On 1 October 2021, the album was then released to the public.
Discography
Studio albums
The Island Chainsaw Massacre (2011)
Death USB (2012)
Midnite (2013)
S.A.L.M.O. Documentary (2014)
Hellvisback (2016)
Playlist (2018)
Flop (2021)
With Skasico
Terapia (2004)
21 Grams (2006)
Orange Bloom EP (2008)
With Three Pigs' Trip
Merciful Bullets'' EP (2010)
References
Italian rappers
1984 births
Living people
Italian Roman Catholics
Sphaerosyllis bardukaciculata is a species belonging to the phylum Annelida, a group known as the segmented worms. Sphaerosyllis bardukaciculatan is similar to Sphaerosyllis aciculata from Florida; its chaetae are almost identical; the former, however, differs by having longer antennae and anal cirri, as well as parapodial glands with granular material. The animal's name is derived from the Aboriginal word barduk, meaning "near", alluding to the aforementioned likeness with S. aciculata.
Description
The species' body is small, with a total length of and width of , including 24 chaetigers. It possesses short papillae on its dorsum. Its prostomium is ovate, covered dorsally in part by the peristomium, showing 4 large eyes in a trapezoidal arrangement. Its antennae are longer than the prostomium, shorter than the combined length of its prostomium and palps. The palps are fused along their length, eliciting a dorsal furrow.
Its dorsal cirri are short on its anterior segments, while a bit longer on its midbody and posterior segments; cirri are absent on chaetiger 2. Its parapodial glands are small, present from chaetigers 4-5.
It shows anterior parapodia with 3-4 compound chaetae, with short and unidentate blades. The blades of these compound chaetae possess short, marginal spines which are longer on the most dorsal chaetae. Sphaerosyllis bardukaciculata shows four simple chaetae on the posterior parapodia. It counts with a single acicula, bent distally to a right angle.
The pharynx spans approximately three segments. Its pharyngeal tooth is long, located on the anterior margin. Its proventricle spans through two segments, with 23 muscle cell rows. Its pygidium is small, with long papillae and two anal cirri.
Distribution
S. bardukaciculata was found in Halifax Bay, north of Townsville, Queensland at a depth of , and Heron Island, in intertidal coarse sand. Its distribution is thought to include the whole of Queensland.
References
Further reading
Alvarez, Patricia, and Guillermo San Martin. "A new species of Sphaerosyllis (Annelida: Polychaeta: Syllidae) from Cuba, with a list of syllids from the Guanahacabibes Biosphere Reserve (Cuba)." Journal of the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom 89.07 (2009): 1427–1435.
Aguado, M. Teresa, Arne Nygren, and Mark E. Siddall. "Phylogeny of Syllidae (Polychaeta) based on combined molecular analysis of nuclear and mitochondrial genes." Cladistics 23.6 (2007): 552–564.
Aguado, M. Teresa, Guillermo San Martín, and Mark E. Siddall. "Systematics and evolution of syllids (Annelida, Syllidae)." Cladistics 28.3 (2012): 234–250.
External links
WORMS entry
Syllidae
Animals described in 2005
Trawscoed fort is an Iron Age auxiliary hillfort in Ceredigion, Wales, located near the modern town of Trawsgoed that was first built in the 70s AD. It overlooks the Roman bridge over the river Ystwyth, which is where the road from Pen-Ilwyn to Llanio crosses. In 1959, this site was initially identified via aerial photography revealing a series of patchmarks covering an area of around . Later explorations increased the knowledge of this site.
Description
This fort is above sea level. It was surrounded by a ditch wide and deep. Inside this ditch was a clay and turf rampart which was wide, and it had a clay and turf revetment. The rampart had a gate in each side, and its corners were rounded. Inside the fort, there were rows of barracks for up to 800 infantry. The commander's house, granaries, and headquarters were situated alongside the central range. There were also settlements and other ancillary features outside the walls and ditch. There is evidence that the whole settlement was built and rebuilt at least three times in all.
Initial exploration
Exploration of the northeastern portion of the fort revealed evidence of a large timber building. This evidence was the trench left by the remains of a wall running along the northwest-southeast axis. There were also two metal-clad post holes. Another building aligned in the same direction was beside the via decumana, evidenced by two wall trenches 7.8m apart and 6.8m long. A cobbled yard lay just to the east of this building. A clay oven was found in 1984 inside this building; however, this clay oven may not be contemporary with the building, and its location might just be a coincidence. This oven was sealed with clay after a fire was built during the Flavian dynasty. Further wall trenches were dug through the remains of this building, and they indicate the presence of a later building 8.5m long and 6.75m wide with a passageway on the eastern side. Two drains aligned on the northwest-southeast axis cut through this building. The occupation of this site occurred during 70 to 120 AD, with a period of abandonment around 100 AD.
Recent exploration
In November 2005, Trawscoed fort was explored using fluxgate gradiometer surveys by David Hopewell. The researchers surveyed a rectangle of by , including the northern quadrant of the fort and the areas east and north of the fort. They collected the data by dividing this rectangle up into by square plots. They then surveyed each plot by walking along the length of the plot, taking readings every . Each scanned strip was apart, giving a total of 800 readings per plot. The researchers then took this data and used Geoplot 3.0 software to generate X-Y waterfall plots and greyscale maps of the region. The waterfall plots were made by plotting each traversal of a plot on a trace, which enabled anomalies to be easily seen.
Interpretation of the results
High readings in the magnetic map were caused by pieces of iron and fences. Any locations where fire was, such as kilns and burning wooden structures, also increased the amount of magnetic response.
The results
David Hopewell reports that "The northern corner of the fort shows up clearly on the grey-scale plot", and sections of the ramparts showed evidence of burning. He found a ditch which circumscribed the fort just outside the walls. Just outside the ditch is a wide swathe of ground containing very little magnetic response. To the northeast of this area he found a large, strong magnetic response which indicates that a bank once existed in this area. In the northern and eastern quadrants of the fort were blocks of six barracks each.
Hopewell also scanned some of the area around the fort, and he wrote that there was a road leading to the northeast gate. He recorded finding small anomalies on either side of the gate, which may indicate the presence of what was once a guard tower. Large areas of indications of burning imply that there may have been buildings that had burned down. The rest of the area to the northeast contains faint parallel striations in the magnetic map, which may indicate ploughing, followed by spots which may have been campfires. Jeffrey Davies' excavation trench, which he dug in 1974, caused a large line of static.
Protecting the site
Until very recently, the fort was covered with gorse bushes. This plant has invasive roots, and scientists were worried that it might be damaging the remains of Trawscoed Fort. A group from FC Wales removed the gorse, and foresters laid down hay from the nearby Penrhyncoch meadow. The seeds contained in the hay will fall down and germinate, thus replacing the gorse with a layer of grass. This will have the added benefit of attracting birds and butterflies to the site.
See also
List of hillforts in Wales
Further reading
BBCS xxxi (1984). pp. 259–292
Britannia xvi (1985), p. 255
Britannia xvii (1986), p. 366
References
External links
Geophysical plot of Trawscoed fort
Satellite image of the fort
Hillforts in Ceredigion
Archaeological sites in Ceredigion
Scheduled monuments in Wales
The Jalisco Cartel New Generation-Los Caballeros Templarios Cartel War was a conflict between two powerful drug cartels in Mexico. The war ended with the victory of the Jalisco New Generation Cartel and the dissolution of the Knights Templar Cartel. The war started after in 2010 when the Los Zetas-La Familia Michoacana war ended with the expulsions or executions of Los Zetas operatives in the states of Jalisco and Michoacán.The newly formed Sinaloa Cartel enforcer group Los Matazetas (Later called Jalisco New Generation Cartel) declared war on the Knights Of Templar Cartel in Michoacán and Guerrero.
References
2010s conflicts
Mukesh Singh Gahlot (born 1 May 1978) is an Indian bodybuilder and powerlifter. From humble beginnings, Gahlot went on to become the only ever quadruple winner of Mr. India, and has several gold medals in international powerlifting competitions. He is one of the few athletes who is equally active in both bodybuilding and powerlifting.
He holds the national record of winning Mr. India title 4 times, in 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2012.
In powerlifting, he is a decorated athlete; winning a gold medal in the 2013 World Powerlifting Championship, gold in the 2016 World Powerlifting Championship, gold in the 2018 Olympia Pro Powerlifting Division, and 2 gold medals in the 2012 British Open Powerlifting Championship among other notable performances.
Early life
Mukesh Singh Gahlot was born in Kakrola, a small village on the outskirts of Delhi Dwarka region. In his childhood, Gahlot was bright, excelling academically and also in athletics. He gained a passion for sports after his mother, with whom he had a close relationship, died suddenly in 1993. Playing and improving in sporting endeavours distracted him from his grief, making him an exceptionally motivated athlete in his younger years. His father originally wanted him to use his brains to obtain a white collar job as he believed it would garner Gahlot a more reliable career. Gahlot studied, applied and successfully graduated as a mechanical engineer. He worked in the private sector for a number of years, receiving job offers from big firms such as Ashok Leyland, Infosys and TVS before ultimately choosing to pursue bodybuilding full-time instead.After winning several amateur events and the domestic state championship, he secured a professional contract to train with the India Railways sponsored athlete. The Railways Sport Promotion Board offered him a role in their team competing in the Indian Weightlifting Federation. The government income and expert training support was instrumental in helping Gahlot fulfill his athletic potential, and brought about a change in his physique to a world-class standard.
Following a more formal introduction to bodybuilding and a paying job, Gahlot's family more readily accepted his career. This culminated in several more amateur competition wins, and continued success at state-level championships.
Achievements
British Open Powerlifting Championship 2012 - Two gold medals
World Powerlifting Championship 2013 - Gold
Asian Bodybuilding Championship, 2012 - Silver medal
Olympia, 2018 Pro Powerlifting Division- Bronze Medal
Olympia, 2017 Pro Powerlifting Division- Gold Medal
Mr. India 2008, 2009, 2010, 2012
World Powerlifting Championship England 2016 - Gold Medal
References
External links
Mukesh Singh Inerview
Indian bodybuilders
Living people
1978 births
Thinkswap is an online educational platform for secondary and tertiary students across Australia that provides access to a variety of study resources, including study notes and subject guides, as well as past essays and assignments. Thinkswap collates and organises all user-submitted material allowing users to search for content by either University (or certificate, in the case of secondary school content), down to the specific subject the user is studying. Users can either upload their own content in exchange for credits which they can "swap" for new content, or purchase content directly.
History
Thinkswap was founded by Adam Fasullo whilst studying at the University of Technology Sydney in 2010 as a means for students to share their own class notes, subject guides and past assignments. He believed that most of this sharing was already occurring amongst group of friends and developed Thinkswap to bring this dynamic online, whereby students would benefit from multiple information sources. Following the full website launch, friends Andrew Romano and Emmanuel Christophorou later joined the company as Directors. The website initially targeted University students in NSW, but it has grown since then and now has coverage across most universities in each State across Australia. In late 2014, Thinkswap extended its reach to High School students in NSW and is continuing to expand into other states across Australia. In 2015 and 2016, the website made its first physical presence appearing at the NSW HSC and Careers Expo.
Features
Exchange Credits
Exchange credits form the currency of the Thinkswap marketplace. In exchange for uploading a document, users will receive a certain number of exchange credits that can be used to purchase other documents on Thinkswap. Alternatively, exchange credits can be purchased directly giving the user access to the resource instantly. Through the use of Exchange Credits, Thinkswap essentially standardises the value of all uploaded documents, broadly classifying resources as either: Complete Study Notes, Partial Study Notes, or Past Essay / Assignment. In essence, a user uploading content of a certain value will be able to ‘swap' it for another document of equal value.
Controversy
Whilst Thinkswap reviews all uploaded content, there is no ability to guarantee that the content is the original work of the uploading user. This is particularly the case for past essays / assignments, as well as subject guides, which may contain some copyright material of the University or school. In order to protect the intellectual property of the original author, Thinkswap is required by law to expeditiously remove content when it is flagged as infringing copyright.
Given Thinkswap also accepts past essays and assignments, the website has been criticised in the media as an aid of student cheating. In response to this, Thinkswap has taken proactive steps to ensure users are aware of the correct use of the platform, including promoting numerous messages around plagiarism and the website's intention to fully co-operate with universities in any cases of student cheating suspected to relate to Thinkswap content.
References
Education in Australia
Educational materials
Crepidogaster is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following 106 species:
Crepidogaster aethiopica Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidogaster algoa (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster alticola (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster ambreana Deuve & Mateu, 1987
Crepidogaster amieti Deuve, 2005
Crepidogaster angolana Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster arnoldi (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster atrata Peringuey, 1899
Crepidogaster aurasia Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster bambusicola (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster basilewskyi Deuve & Mateu, 1987
Crepidogaster bimaculata Boheman, 1848
Crepidogaster bioculata Chaudoir, 1878
Crepidogaster bruncki Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster caeca (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster caffra Peringuey, 1896
Crepidogaster celsa (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster cicatricosa Liebke, 1934
Crepidogaster confusa (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster costata (Dejean, 1831)
Crepidogaster damarensis Peringuey, 1896
Crepidogaster decolorata Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster delineata (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster deuvei (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster didyma Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster diluta Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster dirrupta (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster dissimilis Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster dolini Deuve, 2005
Crepidogaster dollmani Liebke, 1934
Crepidogaster elegantula Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidogaster elongata Brancsik, 1893
Crepidogaster endroedyi Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidogaster ferruginea Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidogaster fortesculpta (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster franzi Deuve & Mateu, 1987
Crepidogaster funerula (Basilewsky, 1992)
Crepidogaster garambae (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster grossa Liebke, 1934
Crepidogaster hessei Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster holtzi Liebke, 1934
Crepidogaster horni Dupuis, 1914
Crepidogaster humerata Chaudoir, 1876
Crepidogaster humicola (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster infuscata (Dejean, 1825)
Crepidogaster insignis Peringuey, 1896
Crepidogaster insularis Deuve & Mateu, 1987
Crepidogaster iturica (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster jocquei (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster kaboboensis (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster kahuziana (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster kavanaughi Deuve, 2005
Crepidogaster kivuensis Basilewsky, 1949
Crepidogaster kochi Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster kundelunguana (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster langenhani (Liebke, 1927)
Crepidogaster lateralis Basilewsky, 1949
Crepidogaster laticollis (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster leleupi Basilewsky, 1953
Crepidogaster longilineata (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster louwerensi Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster luberoensis (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster madecassa (Fairmaire, 1901)
Crepidogaster malawica (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster marginicollis Barker, 1919
Crepidogaster mateui Deuve, 2005
Crepidogaster matonga Barker, 1919
Crepidogaster methneri Liebke, 1934
Crepidogaster monticola (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster muhavurae (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster namaqua Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidogaster natalensis Peringuey, 1896
Crepidogaster natalica Peringuey, 1896
Crepidogaster neglecta Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster nonstriata Chaudoir, 1876
Crepidogaster notulatipennis Peringuey, 1896
Crepidogaster nyakagerana (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster oblata Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidogaster occidentalis (Basilewsky, 1968)
Crepidogaster oldeanica (Basilewsky, 1959)
Crepidogaster orophila (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster ovicollis Chaudoir, 1876
Crepidogaster pauliani Basilewsky, 1953
Crepidogaster penrithae Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidogaster peyrierasi Deuve & Mateu, 1987
Crepidogaster phallica (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster picipennis Chaudoir, 1876
Crepidogaster plagata Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidogaster portentosa Peringuey, 1899
Crepidogaster posticalis Peringuey, 1896
Crepidogaster protuberata Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster reducta Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster ruandana (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster rufescens (Motschulsky, 1862)
Crepidogaster ruwenzorica (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster sambesiaca Liebke, 1934
Crepidogaster sansibarica Liebke, 1934
Crepidogaster schroederi Liebke, 1934
Crepidogaster somalica Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidogaster specicola (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster straneoi Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidogaster subovicollis (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster swazica (Basilewsky, 1988)
Crepidogaster tendiculata Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidogaster transvaalensis (Basilewsky, 1992)
Crepidogaster venusta (Basilewsky, 1988)
References
Brachininae
Tree Cities of the World is a worldwide programme managed by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) and the Arbor Day Foundation in the US, whereby municipalities of any size can apply to earn the designation "Tree City of the World".
The programme was launched at the first World Forum on Urban Forests held in October 2018 in Mantua, Italy, in 2018 by the FAO and Arbor Day Foundation. The aim is to celebrate and recognise cities and towns of all sizes throughout the world which have shown a commitment to maintaining their urban forests. From the end of 2019, any municipal government which has responsibility for its trees were able to apply to become a designated Tree City of the World. The goal shared by both organisations is "to foster a robust and diverse network of communities, practitioners, advocates, and scientists that will lead to sustainable urban forests across the globe".
The Tree City USA programme began in 1976, co-sponsored by the National Association of State Foresters and the United States Forest Service, established a method by which the forest managers could be assisted in their work and recognised for it. However the importance of urban forests has been realised as even more vital in a time of global warming, pollution and crowded cities, adding to the well-being of residents and workers of villages, suburbs, towns and cities.
Five core standards are necessary to be met by a Tree City of the World:
Establish responsibility for the trees.
Set the rules – policies, best practices, or industry standards for management of the trees.
Know what you have: create an inventory of all of the trees in the municipality.
Allocate resources from the annual budget.
Celebrate the achievements, to acknowledge those who do the work and to help raise awareness among the public of the importance of trees.
On 4 February 2020, 59 cities were announced as having achieved the designation of Tree City of the World. There were 27 in the United States, with the rest scattered across the world, from large cities such as New York City and San Francisco, European cities such as Milan, to smaller municipalities such as and the Adelaide suburb of Burnside in South Australia, and Queenstown in New Zealand. At that time, around 100 other cities had also pledged to participate in the next round.
Applications are required to renewed annually for continuing recognition.
See also
European City of the Trees, an award given by the European Arboricultural Council
List of Tree Cities USA, under the US programme established in 1976
A Million Tree Initiative, a commitment made by cities to plant a million trees
Trees for Cities, a UK not-for-profit dedicated to planting trees in cities
References
External links
2019 establishments
Urban forestry
Forestry initiatives
Demetrius of Liubar or Liubartas (also Lubart, Lubko, Lubardus, baptized Dmitry; died ) was Prince of Lutsk and Liubar (Volhynia) (1323–1383), Prince of Zhytomyr (1363–1374), Grand Prince of Volhynia (1340–1383), Grand Prince of Halych–Volhynia (1340–1349).
Biography
Liubartas was the youngest son of Gediminas, Grand Duke of Lithuania. In the early 1320s he married a daughter of Andrew of Galicia and ruled Lutsk with Liubar (today town in Zhytomyr Oblast) in eastern Volhynia. After Andrew and his brother Leo II died around 1322, Galicia–Volhynia did not have a male successor. Instead of promoting Liubartas and causing a war with Poland, Gediminas compromised with Ladislaus the Short. Both parties agreed to install Yuri II Boleslav, nephew of Leo and Andrew.
Boleslaw-Yuri was a son of Trojden I, Duke of Masovia from the Piast dynasty, a cousin of Władysław I, and nephew of Gediminas' son-in-law Wenceslaus of Płock. At the time Boleslaw was fourteen years old and was betrothed to Eufemija, daughter of Gediminas. Liubartas continued to rule Lutsk and Volodymyr. That way the Galicia–Volhynia Wars were postponed until after Boleslaw's poisoning in 1340. He was poisoned by rebellious nobles, who invited Liubartas to become the ruler for both Galicia and Volhynia. Sources are too scarce to fully reconstruct events between 1341–1349.
Despite the support from his brothers Algirdas and Kęstutis, Liubartas lost all territories except for eastern Volhynia with Lutsk to Casimir III of Poland in 1349. In 1351 he was even taken prisoner during a battle, and Kęstutis had to rescue him. In 1366 a treaty was signed: Liubartas retained eastern Volhynia with Lutsk, while Poland got western Volhynia and Galicia. However the matter was settled only in 1370: Liubartas took advantage of Casimir's death and captured all of Volhynia. The territories changed again only in 1569, when Volhynia, including Lutsk, was transferred to Poland by the Union of Lublin.
In 1382, after death of Louis I of Hungary, Liubartas captured Kremenets, Przemyśl, and other cities from Hungary. He supported his brother Kęstutis against nephew Jogaila during the succession fights. He built a castle in Lutsk, known as the Lubart's Castle, that survives to this day. Liubartas died , having ruled Volhynia for roughly sixty years. He married for the second time to an unnamed daughter of Konstantin of Rostov, a relative of Simeon of Moscow.
Family
1321/23 married Hanna-Buch (Euphemia), princess of Volhynia, daughter of Andrew of Galicia
1350 married daughters of
Fedor/ (~1351–1431)
Lazar (died after 1386)
Semen (died after 1386)
Demetrius, presumably ancestor of the Sanguszko
See also
Family of Gediminas – family tree of Liubartas
List of Ukrainian rulers
References
14th-century births
1384 deaths
People from Galicia–Volhynia
Princes of Halych
Gediminids
The Red Horses (Swedish: De röda hästarna) is a 1954 Swedish sports drama film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Gun Arvidsson, Jan-Erik Lindqvist and Rut Holm. It is a remake of the 1950 Danish film The Red Horses, itself based on a 1943 novel by Morten Korch. It was shot at Svensk Talfilm's studios in Malmo and Täby. Location shooting took place around Malmo including Jägersro, Solvalla and Hörby.
Cast
Gun Arvidsson as Margit Törner
Jan-Erik Lindqvist as Bertil Hagert
Rut Holm as Louise
Artur Rolén as Ludde Mårtenson
Harry Persson as Olle Olsson
Inger Juel as Ulla Cronstam
Hugo Björne as Hjalmar Hagert
Gösta Cederlund as Harald Friberg
Ebba Ringdahl as Ester Törner
Allan Bohlin as Willner
Nils Fritz as Ester's Lawyer
John Precht as Helge Törner
Nils Johannisson as Doctor
Margaretha Löwler as Gunnel Hagert
Helen Jonson as Greta Friberg
Anders Hellquist as Priest at Wedding
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1954 films
Swedish drama films
1954 drama films
1950s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
Horse racing films
Films based on Danish novels
Remakes of Danish films
1950s Swedish films
The marsh tchagra or blackcap bush-shrike (Bocagia minuta) is a species of passerine bird placed in the monotypic genus Bocagia in the family Malaconotidae. It is native to marshes in the tropics and subtropics of Africa. It is sometimes placed in the genus Tchagra.
Taxonomy
The marsh tchagra was described by the German ornithologist Gustav Hartlaub in 1858 and given the binomial name Telephonus minutus. The species is now placed in the monotypic genus Bocagia that was introduced by the English ornithologist George Ernest Shelley in 1894.
Three subspecies are recognised.
B. m. minuta (Hartlaub, 1858) – West Africa and African tropics: Sierra Leone to Ethiopia, west Kenya and northwest Tanzania
B. m. reichenowi (Neumann, 1900) – east Tanzania, south Malawi, east Zimbabwe and Mozambique
B. m. anchietae (Bocage, 1869) – Angola to southwest Tanzania and north Malawi
The subspecies B. m. anchietae is sometimes separated as Anchieta's tchagra.
Distribution and habitat
It is widely distributed across central Africa and is found in Angola, Burundi, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Mozambique, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, and swamps.
References
External links
Marsh Tchagra – Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
marsh tchagra
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
marsh tchagra
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Five Safes is a framework for helping make decisions about making effective use of data which is confidential or sensitive. It is mainly used to describe or design research access to statistical data held by government agencies, and by data archives such as the UK Data Service.
Two of the Five Safes refer to statistical disclosure control, and so the Five Safes is usually used to contrast statistical and non-statistical controls when comparing data management options.
Concept
The Five Safes proposes that data management decisions be considered as solving problems in five 'dimensions': projects, people, settings, data and outputs. The combination of the controls leads to 'safe use'. These are most commonly expressed as questions, for example:
These dimensions are scales, not limits. That is, solutions can have a mix of more or fewer controls in each dimension, but the overall aim of 'safe use' independent of the particular mix. For example, a public use file available for open download cannot control who uses it, where or for what purpose, and so all the control (protection) must be in the data itself. In contrast, a file which is only accessed through a secure environment with certified users can contain very sensitive information: the non-statistical controls allow the data to be 'unsafe'. One academic likened the process to a graphic equalizer, where bass and treble can be combined independently to produce a sound the listener likes.
There is no 'order' to the Five Safes, in that one is necessarily more important than the others. However, Ritchie argued that the 'managerial' controls (projects, people, setting) should be addressed before the 'statistical' controls (data, output).
The Five Safes concept is associated with other topics which developed from the same programme at ONS, although these are not necessarily implemented. Safe people are associated with 'active researcher management', while safe outputs is linked with principles-based output statistical disclosure control.
The Five Safes is a positive framework, describing what is and is not. The EDRU ('evidence-based, default-open, risk-managed, user-centred') attitudinal model is sometimes used to give a normative context
The 'data access spectrum'
From 2003 the Five Safes was also represented in a simpler form as a 'Data Access Spectrum'.The non-data controls (project, people, setting, outputs) tend to work together, in that organisations often see these as a complementary set of restrictions on access. These can then be contrasted with choices about data anonymisation to present a linear representation of data access options. This presentation is consistent with the idea of 'data as a residual', as well as data protection laws of the time which often characterised data simply as anonymous or not anonymous.
A similar idea had already been developed independently in 2001 by Chuck Humphrey of the Canadian RDC network, the 'continuum of access'. More recently, The Open Data Institute has developed a 'Data Spectrum toolkit' which includes industry-specific examples.
History and terminology
The Five Safes was devised in the winter of 2002/2003 by Felix Ritchie at the UK Office for National Statistics (ONS) to describe its secure remote-access Virtual Microdata Laboratory (VML). It was described at this time as the 'VML Security Model'. This was adopted by the NORC data enclave, and more widely in the US, as the 'portfolio model' (although this is now also used to refer to a slightly different legal/statistical/educational breakdown). In 2012 the framework as was still being referred to as the 'VML security model', but its increasing use among non-UK organisations led to the adoption of the more general and informative phrase 'Five Safes'.
The original framework only had four safes (projects, people, settings and outputs): the framework was used to describe highly detailed data access through a secure environment, and so the 'data' dimension was irrelevant. From 2007 onwards, 'safe data' was included as the framework was used to a described a wider range of ONS activities. As the US version was based upon the 2005 specification, some US iterations uses have the original four dimensions (eg).
Some discussions, such as the OECD, use the term 'secure' instead 'safe'. However, the use of both these terms can cause presentational problems: less control in a particular dimension could be seen to imply 'unsafe users' or 'insecure settings', for example, which distracts from the main message. Hence, the Australian government uses the term "five data sharing principles".
The 'Anonymisation Decision-Making Framework' uses a framework based on the Five Safes but relabelling "projects", "people", and "settings" as "governance", "agency" and "infrastructure", respectively; "Output" is omitted, and "safe use" becomes "functional anonymisation". There is no reference to the Five Safes or any associated literature. The Australian version was required to include references to the Five Safes, and presented it as an alternative without comment.
Application
The framework has had three uses: pedagogical, descriptive, and design. The latter is a relatively recent development.
Pedagogy
The first significant use of the framework, other than internal administrative use, was to structure researcher training courses at the UK Office for National Statistics from 2003. UK Data Archive, Administrative Data Research Network, Eurostat, Statistics New Zealand, the Mexican National Institute of Statistics and Geography, NORC, Statistics Canada and the Australian Bureau of Statistics, amongst others, have also used this framework. Most of these courses are for researchers using restricted-access facilities; the Eurostat courses are unusual in that they are designed for all users of sensitive data.
Description
The framework is often used to describe existing data access solutions (e.g. UK HMRC Data Lab, UK Data Service, Statistics New Zealand) or planned/conceptualised ones (e.g. Eurostat in 2011). An early use was to help identify areas where ONS' still had 'irreducible risks' in its provision of secure remote access.
The framework is mostly used for confidential social science data. To date it appears to have made little impact on medical research planning, although it is now included in the revised guidelines on implementing HIPAA regulations in the US, and by Cancer Research UK and the Health Foundation in the UK. It has also been used to describe a security model for the Scottish Health Informatics Programme.
Design
In general the Five Safes has been used to describe solutions post-factum, and to explain/justify choices made, but an increasing number of organisations have used the framework to design data access solutions. For example, the Hellenic Statistical Agency developed a data strategy built around the Five Safes in 2016; the UK Health Foundation used the Five Safes to design its data management and training programmes. Use in the private sector is less common but some organisations have incorporated the Five Safes into consulting services.
The major design use is in Australia: both the Australian Bureau of Statistics and the Australian Department of Social Service used the Five Safes as an ex ante design tool. In 2017 the Australian Productivity Commission recommended adopting a version of the framework to support cross-government data sharing and re-use. This is currently undergoing consultation with draft legislation expected in 2020.
In 2015 the UK Data Service organized a workshop to encourage data users from the academic and private sectors to think about how to manage confidential research data, using the Five Safes to demonstrate alternative options and best practice.
Two laws have incorporated the Fives Safes: explicitly in the South Australian Public Sector (Data Sharing) Act 2016, implicitly in the research provisions of the Digital Economy Act.
Public engagement
The UK Data Service has produced a blog and video for the general public about the use of Five Safes in re-using administrative data. Statistics New Zealand produced a non-technical description, as did ONS for Data Privacy Day 2017. The Australian Federal Government has produced several videos on data sharing, including the Data Sharing Principles.
External links
fivesafes.org- original concept website
aihw.gov.au/.../the-five-safes-framework - example as implemented by Australian Institute of Health and Welfare
ukdataservice.ac.uk/.../what-is-the-five-safes-framework - example as implemented by UK Data Service
References
Notes
Citations
Confidentiality
Data management
Disclosure
Human subject research
National statistical services
Privacy
Bečice is the name of several locations in the Czech Republic:
Bečice (České Budějovice District), a village in the South Bohemian Region
Bečice (Tábor District), a village in the South Bohemian Region
Joe Adler (born March 29, 1993) is an American actor. He is best known for playing the role of Zart in The Maze Runner and Jason Wylie in The Mentalist.
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
American male film actors
American male television actors
Viktoryia Hasper (born 9 January 1988) is a Belarusian basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1988 births
Living people
Belarusian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Belarus
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Minsk
Centers (basketball)
Henderika Maria (Rie) de Boois (Zierikzee, 4 June 1936 – Kerk-Avezaath, 16 November 2010) was a Dutch politician and biologist. She was a member of the house of representatives from 1972 until 1987 for the Labour Party.
Early life and science
De Boois was the eldest of 6 children. She studied biology at Utrecht University until 1962. She became a teacher at the Dutch National Institute for Nature Conservation after finishing her degree. She later graduated from the same university with a PhD in 1976, with her thesis titled Schimmelgroei in strooisellagen van enkele bosgronden (English: Grow of fungi in the litterfall of forests).
Political career
De Boois was a member of the municipal council of Arnhem from 1966 until 1974. De Boois was mainly involved in environmental matters. She fought for protection of the Wadden Sea, was a proponent of increased Dutch involvement in Antarctic research and advocated for better forest management. In 1976 she tried to abolish the use of driving in the hunt of wild boars. However, she faced resistance from members of the royal family and other people of nobility. The law would not come into effect until 2002. She was named 'Animal Protector of the Year' in 1986 for her work in animal conservation.
De Boois left the house of representatives in 1987. She became chairwoman of a water board in charge of water quality in the Gooi, Amstel and Vecht. She was the chairwomen of the Dutch Society for the Protection of Birds from 1996 until 2004.
Part of her inheritance was used to start the Rie de Boois-fund, which the Dutch Mammal Society use to fund research by volunteers.
Personal life
In 1964 De Boois married Karel Nagel, himself a politician for the Labour Party and environmentalist. Their marriage ended in 1973. She later married Pierre Janssen, an art connoisseur. De Boois was a vegetarian.
References
Dutch biologists
20th-century Dutch women politicians
20th-century Dutch politicians
Labour Party (Netherlands) politicians
Dutch conservationists
1936 births
2010 deaths
Psycroptic is the eponymous sixth studio album by Australian technical death metal band Psycroptic. It was released digitally on 10 March 2015 and physically released on 13 Mar 2015 by EVP Recordings in Australia and Prosthetic Records in North America. A Deluxe Edition CD and DVD limited to 500 copies was released in Australia.
Track listing
Personnel
Psycroptic
Cameron Grant - bass
David Haley - drums
Joe Haley -guitars
Jason Peppiatt - vocals
Production and artwork
Joe Haley - production, engineering, mixing
Metastazis - cover artwork
Alan Douches - mastering
References
External links
iTunes - Music - Psycroptic by Psycroptic
2015 albums
Psycroptic albums
Century Media Records albums
The Mercure Liverpool Atlantic Tower Hotel (previously known as Atlantic Tower Hotel (The Hotel Collection), Thistle Liverpool, Thistle Atlantic Tower or the Thistle Hotel) is large 4-star hotel located in Liverpool, England. Opened in 1972, it is situated on Chapel Street next to Saint Nicholas' Church and near the Royal Liver Building on the city's famous Pier Head. The building was designed to resemble the prow of a ship to reflect Liverpool's maritime history.
Gallery
See also
Architecture of Liverpool
Thistle Hotels
References
Hotels in Liverpool
Buildings and structures in Merseyside
Buildings and structures completed in 1972
Hotels established in 1972
Hotel buildings completed in 1972
Montana Desperado is a 1951 American Western film directed by Wallace Fox and starring Johnny Mack Brown, Myron Healey and Virginia Herrick.
Plot
Cast
Johnny Mack Brown as Johnny Mack Brown
Myron Healey as Ron Logan
Virginia Herrick as Sally Wilson
Lee Roberts as Hal Jackson
Steve Clark as Sheriff Ben
Edmund Cobb as Jim Berry
References
Bibliography
Martin, Len D. The Allied Artists Checklist: The Feature Films and Short Subjects of Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, 1947-1978. McFarland & Company, 1993.
External links
1951 films
1951 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films directed by Wallace Fox
Monogram Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
The Via Campana (Italian - Via Antica Consolare campana) was one of the main roads of the Roman Empire. It begins at the Flavian Amphitheatre at Pozzuoli and ran through several ancient craters, passing the town of Qualiano and ending in Ancient Capua at junction with the via Appia.
In XIX was created the New via Campana that has similar path but it ends at junction with the diramation of via Appia in the town of Giugliano.
Four kilometres from Pozzuoli it crosses the craters of the Quarto Flegreo that give their name to the nearby town of Quarto and cross through the Montagna Spaccata, literally a cut through the wall of the crater made by the Romans to allow the road to cross to the opposite side of the crater (where the road climbs along the slopes instead). The Montagna Spaccata passage is now perfectly preserved and used as the main road in and out of the town. The bricks put in by the Romans to prevent the crater wall from collapsing can still be seen in excellent states of preservation all along the passage. Various Roman catacombs and necropolises can also be seen along the route.
External links
Montagna Spaccata on GoogleMaps
Map of a section of the Via Antica Consolare Campana from Pozzuoli to Quarto Flegreo
Campana
The 1997 Maple Leaf Foods Canadian Junior Curling Championships were held February 8-16 in Selkirk, Manitoba.
Man 's
Teams
Standings
Results
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9
Draw 10
Draw 11
Draw 12
Draw 13
Draw 14
Draw 15
Draw 16
Draw 17
Draw 18
Draw 19
Draw 20
Tiebreakers
Tiebreaker #1
Tiebreaker #2
Tiebreaker #3
Playoffs
Semifinal
Final
Woman 's
Teams
Standings
Results
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9
Draw 10
Draw 11
Draw 12
Draw 13
Draw 14
Draw 15
Draw 16
Draw 17
Draw 18
Draw 19
Draw 20
Playoffs
Tiebreaker
Semifinal
Final
Qualification
Ontario
The Ontario Junior Curling Championships were held in Owen Sound, with the finals on January 19.
Sara Garland of Unionville won the women's event over Cannington's Denna Schell in the final, 12-1. In the men's final, John Morris of the Ottawa Curling Club defeated Greg Balsdon of St. Catharines 9-5.
References
External links
Men's statistics
Women's statistics
Canadian Junior Curling Championships
Curling in Manitoba
Sport in Selkirk, Manitoba
Canadian Junior Curling Championships
Canadian Junior Curling Championship
Canadian Junior Curling Championship
The 1998–99 LEN Champions League was the 36th edition of LEN's premier competition for men's water polo clubs. It ran from 1998 to 5 June 1999, and it was contested by 16 teams. The Final Four (semifinals, final, and third place game) took place on June 4 and June 5 in Naples.
Preliminary round
Blue Group
Red Group
Final Four (Naples)
Final standings
See also
1998–99 LEN Cup Winners' Cup
1998–99 LEN Cup
LEN Champions League seasons
Champions League
1998 in water polo
1999 in water polo
NGC 4694 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Virgo. It was discovered by William Herschel on March 15, 1784
See also
List of NGC objects (4001–5000)
Gallery
References
External links
Lenticular galaxies
Virgo (constellation)
4694
043241
Foster exists in memory as a pioneer Texas community that is located in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States along Farm to Market Road 359, beginning approximately northwest of its intersection with Farm to Market Road 723. It is considered by local homeowners to be an unincorporated community.
History - Pioneer Texas Community
John Foster
Old Three A Hundred Colonist
John was one of the Old Three A Hundred who were granted land in Stephen F. Austin's Texas colony. A Texas Historical Marker captures the history of the father, John Foster, who was one of the original 300 Hundred who settled in Texas with Stephen Austin in the 1820s.
The Texas Historical maker on John Foster(located on John and Randolph Foster High School, 4400 FM 723] states:John Foster was born on May 25, 1757, in South Carolina to William James and Mary (Hill) Foster. Family history indicates he may have served with his brothers in Charleston against a British attack in June 1776. He married Rachel (Gibson), and they had at least six children, four of whom eventually lived in Texas. About 1781, the Fosters crossed the Appalachians and traveled almost 2,000 miles by flatboat to the Spanish-occupied Natchez District of present-day Mississippi. There, Foster became a substantial landowner and cattleman. After Rachel died, he married Mary (Smith) Kelsey, and of their seven children, three would come to Texas. After Mississippi Territory was created in 1798, Foster opposed the decrees of the appointed governor and petitioned Congress for an elected legislature. He established the town of Washington, and after it became the territorial capital in 1802, helped found Jefferson College. In 1822, Foster joined his son Randolph in Texas and became one of Stephen F. Austin's "Old Three A Hundred" colonists. In 1824, he received an 11,600-acre grant in what is now Fort Bend County. He is believed to have established a school on his property that eventually became the Foster Community School. On December 25, 1835, John Foster signed the Columbia Resolutions urging Texas' declaration of independence from Mexico. Leaving behind four sons to support the struggle for Texas independence, Foster went to Wilkinson County, Mississippi, in early 1836 to live in retirement at the home of one of his daughters. He died there on January 26, 1837.
Land Grant
The Texas Historical maker on the John Foster Land Grant (located on Winner-Foster Rd, 1 mile from the intersection of Winner-Foster and FM 359] states:John Foster (1757-1837) came to Texas in 1822 as a member of Stephen F. Austin's "Old Three A Hundred" colony. He received a grant of about 12,000 acres of land from the Mexican government. Following his death the land was divided among his ten children. A community which grew up in the area was named Foster. Over the years the Foster lands have yielded abundant wildlife and numerous agricultural products, including cotton, rice, pecans, and sugar cane. Twentieth-century land uses have included housing developments and oil and gas production. (1989)
Randolph Foster
The community was founded by Randolph Foster, the son of John Foster.
Old Three A Hundred Colonist
The Texas Historical maker on John Foster(located on John and Randolph Foster High School, 4400 FM 723] states: Randolph Foster was an early Old 300 Texas pioneer who made his home on his land grant that straddled northwest Fort Bend County and southwest Waller County. Prior to settling in Austin's Colony he served under Randal Jones, another of the Old 300, in the War of 1812. Born in Mississippi in 1790, he found himself in Texas not long after his wartime service ended. He explored and hunted throughout much of Texas and even camped for a time in what would be Fort Bend County. In 1821, he helped Stephen F. Austin in one of his early surveying trips in Texas.
In 1824, Randolph Foster received his land grant on some of the same land he had hunted a few years earlier. Soon thereafter, his father John and brother Isaac also joined him in Texas. John's land grant is not far from Randolph's on the north side of the Brazos northwest of Rosenberg. After John arrived, he started a school for his family, which became the Foster Community School. Randolph kept this school in operation after his father died in 1837.Randolph's role as chief scout for Stephen F. Austin was depicted in the 1875 painting "The Settlement of Austin's Colony" that hangs in the Texas House of Representative Chamber in Austin, Texas.This 1875 oil-on-canvas painting by Henry McArdle portrays "Father of Texas" Stephen F. Austin rallying his colonists against the tribe around 1824. "The Settlement of Austin's Colony" also features Austin colony commissioner Baron de Bastrop (left), Secretary of the Colony Samuel L. Williams (right), chief scout Ran Foster (bottom right), Austin's cook Simon (window), and surveyor Horatio Chriesman (bottom left). The painting hangs permanently in the House of Representatives Chamber at the Texas state capitol building in Austin.
Randolph Foster Builds a Camp, 1821
The 2004 Texas Historical maker on the Foster Community (located on FM 359 1.4 mi. from FM 723 [4 mi. NW of Rosenberg] states:The Foster community began in the fall of 1821 as a permanent campsite settled by Randolph Foster (1790-1887) on what was then one of the largest single land grants in Texas (11,601 acres). The John Foster grant, deeded by Stephen F. Austin, came from the relationship between Foster, his father John (1757-1837) and Austin. John was one of Austin's "Old Three A Hundred" colonists, and Foster family members participated in the Texas War for Independence. Sugar cane was the area's dominant industry in the 1840s, and Foster community thrived from its production and export. Other crops that benefited the community included pecans and cotton. Local residents tamed wild horses found on the upland prairies for domestic use and trade. The community's first school, which offered up to grade five, was held in Randolph Foster's home before construction of a one-room schoolhouse also used for early community religious services. African American students studied at Jones Creek School. The community's first post office initiated mail service from the area's general store in 1882. The volume of local sugar production was so great that in the 1920s, Imperial Sugar Company built a railroad between Foster community and mills in Sugar Land. In 1928, Sugar Land Industries bought acreage in this area and named it Foster Farms. By the end of World War II, several factors led to the community's decline: the end of area sugar crops; the closing of the railroad; the Great Depression; and changes in ownership and farming techniques. In 1944, the community's schools, post office and general store closed. Today, adjacent to Houston, the state's largest urban area, Foster exists in memory as a pioneer Texas community. (2005)
Texas Revolution, 1830s
During the Revolution, he helped to supply Sam Houston's army and aided Wiley Martin in defending the Brazos crossing at Thompson's Ferry from the Mexicans. The Texians delayed the Mexican army long enough to allow the Texian government time to escape Harrisburg. After this battle, he escorted his family and that of his neighbors as they traveled east during the Runaway Scrape.
The Foster Plantation, 1830s-1870s
The Foster plantation flourished in the years after the Revolution, producing rice and sugar cane in the fertile Fort Bend County soil.
Boom and Bust, 1880s - 1930s
The Foster settlement was established in 1882. In that year, a post office was established in Foster, which was on a route connecting the Fort Bend County center, Richmond, Texas, with Hempstead, Texas in Waller county. Soon thereafter, Foster had semiweekly mail delivery, a steam gristmill,and cotton gin, a physician, and a population of sixty. By the mid-1890s, the town had daily mail delivery, three gristmills, a general store, and a flour mill. Like in many other local communities, schools were established. By 1897 the community had two schools, one for white students and one for black.
The community's population dwindled to forty in the 1920s. By the early 1930s, only one business was reported, and no population figures were listed.
The two community schools and the post office remained open until they were closed in the early 1940s.
Modern Day Community
Since the mid-twentieth-century, land uses have included cattle ranching, pecan groves, cotton and corn farming, housing developments, and oil and gas production.
Hurricane Harvey
Hurricane Harvey was a devastating Category 4 hurricane that made landfall on Texas and Louisiana in August 2017, causing catastrophic flooding and many deaths. In the Foster communities, many homes were impacted by the flood either with forced evacuations and/or significant flood damage. This area sits in one of many flood plains associated with the Brazos River all throughout Fort Bend County.
The Old Foster Community Museum
A museum dedicated to the Foster Community is located on FM 359 near the intersection of FM 723. The museum is located in a restored old school house built in the 1920s that was moved from its original location south of Jones Creek on Foster Farms. As a 501(c) organization, their motto is to "Bring a Piece of the Past to the Present" with the mission of "Saving our heritage and community history one step at a time." Besides tours, the organization donates money to the Lamar Consolidated ISD Scholarship Program and other community projects such as the Christmas Adopt a Family Program.
Government and infrastructire
Fort Bend County does not have a hospital district. OakBend Medical Center serves as the county's charity hospital which the county contracts with.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Fort Bend County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Triumph is a village and regional capital of the Demerara-Mahaica region in Guyana.
Paradise used to be the regional capital, however the administrative building burnt down in 2006. In 2009, a decision was made to rebuild in Triumph, which has therefore become the regional capital.
In 1842, the area next to Beterverwagting was bought by Lambert Christian and named Triumph. Christian ran into financial problems, and the people of Beterverwagting tried to buy the land in two terms. The government stepped in and bought the land. The villagers aided by the local newspaper resisted, but to no avail. Triumph and Beterverwagting have since then grown together, and are often referred to as Beterverwagting/Triumph. Both villages are under the same local government.
Triumph has a branch of Republic Bank.
References
Populated places in Demerara-Mahaica
Broke Inlet, originally named Broke's Inlet, is an inlet in the South West region of Western Australia located west of Walpole.
The inlet is a large shallow estuary at the eastern end of the d'Entrecasteaux National Park, linked to the Southern Ocean by a narrow seasonally open channel situated between two high sand dune systems.
The inlet is the only large estuary left in the South West that has not been significantly altered by development within its catchment area or along its shores.
The catchment of the inlet has an area of and the inlet itself has a surface area of with a total volume of .
The inlet receives an annual inflow of , mostly from the Shannon River and discharges annually.
The water in the inlet is brackish and generally has half the salinity of seawater. The salinity varies greatly depending on river discharge, the season and whether the bar is open or not.
Broke Inlet is listed as a regionally significant wetland with Environment Australia.
References
Inlets of Western Australia
South coast of Western Australia
D'Entrecasteaux National Park
Oslo and Akershus University College (, abbr. HiOA) was the largest state university college in Norway from its establishment in 2011 until 2018, when it was transformed into Oslo Metropolitan University, the youngest of Norway's new universities.
It had more than 20,000 students and 2,100 employees. HiOA had higher education programs at bachelor's, master's and PhD level. It offered studies and conducted research in health professions, social sciences, engineering, liberal arts, and other fields.
HiOA was established in 2011 following the merger of Oslo University College and Akershus University College, which were themselves the results of many previous mergers. In 2014 the Work Research Institute and Norwegian Social Research were also merged into the institution, and from 2016 it also incorporates the Norwegian Institute for Urban and Regional Research and the National Institute for Consumer Research. Most of the university college was located in the city centre of Oslo along the Pilestredet street, with subsidiary campuses in Sandvika and Kjeller in Akershus.
Education
The language of instruction was Norwegian, and certain courses were taught in English, both on bachelor's degree and master's degree level and to some extent on PhD level.
Management
Curt Rice, an American linguist who was formerly a professor at the University of Tromsø, became rector on August 1, 2015. He is not the first non-Norwegian to head a Norwegian university or college however, as the University of Oslo has been headed by the French-born Oscar I of Sweden and various Swedish statesmen as chancellors.
Faculties
Faculty of Health Sciences
Faculty of Education and International Studies
Faculty of Social Sciences
Faculty of Technology, Art and Design
Centres
Centre for Educational Research and Development
Centre for Welfare and Labour Research
Centre for the Study of Professions
National Centre for Multicultural Education
Learning Centre
Centre for the Study of Professions
Centre for the Study of Professions (CSP, ) was formally opened in 1999 in order to stimulate research and critical reflection within the study of professions.
The study of professions includes several areas of research, such as:
professional practice, its autonomy, social organisation, and governance
the qualification of professionals, work motivation, and professional careers
the social and historical role of professions
CSP develops the study of professions as a multidisciplinary field of research emphasising comparative approaches. The goal of CSP is to become a leading research facility within the study of professions in the Nordic countries.
CSP carries out a number of projects and activities, among them
Ph.D. programme in the study of professions
Various research projects
StudData – Database for Studies of Recruitment and Qualification in the Professions
Ongoing research projects in English:
Qualifying for professional careers (QPC)
Teachers' Professional Qualification (TPQ)
CSP currently employs approximately 40 professors, researchers, fellows and administrative staff. CSP also hosts the open access journal Professions and Professionalism.
Centre for the Study of Professions
Centre for the Study of Professions
Qualifying for professional Careers (QPC)
Teachers' Professional Qualification (TPQ)
Centre for Welfare and Labour Research
Centre for Welfare and Labour Research (SVA) consists of Work Research Institute (AFI), Norwegian Social Research (NOVA), Norwegian Institute for Urban and Regional Research (NIBR), and Consumption Research Norway (SIFO).
http://www.hioa.no/eng/About-HiOA/Centre-for-Welfare-and-Labour-Research
References
Molander, Anders and Lars Inge Terum (2008): Profesjonsstudier. Oslo: Universitetsforlaget
External links
Oslo and Akershus University College website
Courses taught in English at Oslo and Akershus University College
See also
Library assessment
Education in Oslo
Oslo
Florence Network
Educational institutions established in 2011
Educational institutions disestablished in 2018
2011 establishments in Norway
2018 disestablishments in Norway
Universities and colleges formed by merger in Norway
