Locomotor may refer to:
Locomotor, the Dutch equivalent of the German Kleinlokomotive, a locomotive of small size and low power for light shunting duties
Locomotor activity
Locomotor ataxia
Locomotor effects of shoes
Locomotor stimulation
Locomotor system (disambiguation)
See also
Locomotion (disambiguation)
Locomotive (disambiguation)
Hege Stendahl (born 27 April 1967) is a Norwegian cyclist. She was born in Trondheim. She competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where she placed 19th in the individual road race.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Trondheim
Norwegian female cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Norway
Cyclists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
FLAG is a chemotherapy regimen used for relapsed and refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML). The acronym incorporates the three primary ingredients of the regimen:
Fludarabine: an antimetabolite that, while not active toward AML, increases formation of an active cytarabine metabolite, ara-CTP, in AML cells;
Arabinofuranosyl cytidine (or ara-C): an antimetabolite that has been proven to be the most active toward AML among various cytotoxic drugs in single-drug trials; and
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF): a glycoprotein that shortens the duration and severity of neutropenia.
FLAG and FLAG-based regimens can also be used in cases of concomitant AML and either acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) or lymphoma. Because fludarabine is highly active in lymphoid malignancies, these regimens can further be used when patients have biphenotypic AML, in which cells display properties of both myeloid and lymphoid cells.
Intensified FLAG regimens
There are several intensified versions of the FLAG regimen in which a third chemotherapeutic agent is added.
FLAG-IDA
In the FLAG-IDA regimen (also called FLAG-Ida, IDA-FLAG, or Ida-FLAG), idarubicin—an anthracycline antibiotic that is able to intercalate DNA and prevent cell division (mitosis)—is added to the standard FLAG regimen.
MITO-FLAG
MITO-FLAG (also called Mito-FLAG, FLAG-MITO, or FLAG-Mito) adds mitoxantrone to the standard regimen. Mitoxantrone is a synthetic anthracycline analogue (an anthracenedione) that, like idarubicin, can intercalate DNA and prevent cell division.
FLAMSA
FLAMSA adds amsacrine ("AMSA") to the standard FLAG regimen. (G-CSF is still included, even though the "G" is taken out of the acronym.) Amsacrine is an alkylating antineoplastic agent that is highly active toward AML, unlike more conventional alkylators like cyclophosphamide.
The FLAMSA protocol is most often used as an induction part of a reduced-intensity conditioning regimen for patients eligible to undergo an allogeneic stem cell transplant. In this setting, it is often combined with other agents, such as:
Cyclophosphamide (FLAMSA-CYC), and/or
Busulfan or treosulfan (FLAMSA-BU or FLAMSA-TREO), and/or
Melphalan (FLAMSA-MEL), and/or
Total body irradiation, given shortly after the end of FLAMSA to prepare the patient for transplant.
Dosing
Standard FLAG
FLAG-IDA
Mito-FLAG
FLAMSA
References
Chemotherapy regimens used in acute myeloid leukemia
Harrie van Heumen (born 24 December 1959) is a former ice hockey forward from the Netherlands. He participated in the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York.
External links
1959 births
Living people
Dutch ice hockey left wingers
's-Hertogenbosch Red Eagles players
Ice hockey players at the 1980 Winter Olympics
IJshockey Club Utrecht players
Nijmegen Tigers players
Olympic ice hockey players of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Nijmegen
Rotterdam Panda's players
The 1902 Scottish Cup Final was played on 26 April 1902 at Celtic Park in Glasgow and was the deciding match of the 29th season of the Scottish Cup. The match had been scheduled to be played at Ibrox Park on 12 April, but the first Ibrox disaster occurred the week earlier during the annual Scotland v England game. This meant that the final was delayed by two weeks and moved to Celtic Park, although Celtic were one of the finalists. Hibernian and Celtic contested the match. Hibernian won the match 1–0, by the 75th-minute goal from Andy McGeachan. This was Hibernian's last Scottish Cup triumph for 114 years until they finally won it again in 2016 after beating Rangers 3–2.
Final
Teams
References
RSSSF: Scottish Cup 1901–02
Scottish Football Archive
1902
Cup Final
Scottish Cup Final 1902
Scottish Cup Final 1902
1900s in Glasgow
The Ohio Women's Convention at Akron in 1851 met on 28-29 May 1851 at Akron, Ohio. There, the abolitionist and preacher, Sojourner Truth, delivered one of the most famous speeches in American history. The speech, which did not have a title at the time, became known as the 'Ain't I a Woman?' speech.
History
The Ohio Women's Convention at Akron met for two days on May 28-29, 1851 in Akron, Ohio. The convention was led by Francis Dana Barker Gage, who had previously presided over a similar event in McConnelsville. The convention was not well received locally and several men, including local ministers, heckled speakers at it. During the convention, one of the speakers was the abolitionist and preacher, Sojourner Truth, who gave what became one of the most notable speeches in American women's history. Without a title at the time, the speech later became known under the title of 'Ain't I a Woman?' Truth was the only black woman in attendance at the conference and many of the other women present did not want her to speak. Truth delivered the speech from the steps of the Old Stone Church, on the second day of the convention. The church was located in downtown Akron, but is no longer standing. It was published by journalist Marius Robinson in The Anti-Slavery Bugle on June 21, 1851.
Legacy
In 2022 the Summit Suffrage Centennial Committee is due to unveil a statue of Sojourner Truth in Akron, commemorating the speech. The commissioned work is made of bronze, ten feet tall and will be cast by the local artist Woodrow Nash. Groundbreaking for the surrounding park, the Sojourner Truth Memorial Plaza, occurred in August 2022.
See also
List of women's rights conventions in the United States
Women's suffrage in Ohio
Ohio Women's Convention at Massillon in 1852
References
History of women's rights in the United States
1851 in the United States
Feminism and history
History of women in Ohio
1851 in Ohio
1851 conferences
May 1851 events
Women's conferences
Ohio suffrage
Smith is an unincorporated community in Galena Township, LaPorte County, Indiana.
Geography
Smith is located at , in northern Indiana.
References
Unincorporated communities in LaPorte County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Route 13 is a National Road in the South American Andean state of Bolivia.
Route guidance
Route 13 has a length of 370 kilometers and crosses the northern part of the Bolivian lowland from west to east, from the border with the Brazilian state of Acre to the flood plain of the Beni River. The entire length of the road crosses the Departments of Pando and Beni and leads for the most part through intact tropical rainforest, only in a narrow strip next to the road is slash-burned pasture land. The road begins in the northwest as an extension of the Brazilian "Estrada de Pacífico" (BR-317) in Cobija and ends in the east at El Triangulo on the Route 8, the follows the Beni River from Yucumo in the south to Guayaramerín in the northeast.
The first 33 kilometers of Route 13 in the northwest are paved, the remaining 337 kilometers from Porvenir to El Triangulo are unpaved. The road crosses on its way five large rivers, three of which have to be crossed by ferry: with a ferry of the Madre de Dios River and the Manupare River at Sena and with a second of the Beni River, which forms the border between the departments of Pando and Beni. There are bridges over the Orthon River at Puerto Rico and the Geneshuaya River, the easternmost of the five rivers. But it is also planned to build via the Beni River and the Madre de Dios and Manupare Rivers, so that ferries are no longer necessary.
References
Roads in Bolivia
George William Hunter (June 29, 1863, Williamsburg, West Virginia - February 4, 1948) was an American writer. He wrote Civic Biology, the text at the center of the Scopes "monkey" trial in 1925.
George William Hunter Jr. spent his later years lecturing at the Claremont Colleges. He died on February 4, 1948 at the age of 74, in Claremont, California. He is buried in Hillside Cemetery in Redlands, California.
Teaching
A biologist, he went to school at Williams College in Massachusetts. He earned his doctorate at New York University. During World War I, he was the educational director for the War Work Council in Washington, D.C. He also worked summers at Woods Hole. After teaching biology at Carleton College and Knox College, in 1926 he came to Pomona College to teach one class each semester. He then lectured at Claremont Graduate School. During his career, he wrote or co-wrote 20 textbooks about biology or teaching it.
Civic Biology and views
In Civic Biology, Hunter advocated both eugenics and segregation, writing that "If such people were lower animals, we would probably kill them off to prevent them from spreading. Humanity will not allow this, but we do have the remedy of separating the sexes in asylums or other places and in various ways preventing intermarriage and the possibilities of perpetuating such a low and degenerate race. Remedies of this sort have been tried successfully in Europe and are now meeting with success in this country."
His views in his textbooks included the viewpoint that there were five human races, ranked from inferior to superior, with those of Caucasian descent purported by Hunter to be "the highest type of all." While this was a relatively normal academic outlook in the 1920s, his inclusion of evolution in his textbooks proved highly controversial at the time, and led to lawsuits in Tennessee.
References
External links
Williams College alumni
Year of birth uncertain
1948 deaths
Pomona College faculty
Carleton College faculty
Knox College (Illinois) faculty
1863 births
New York University alumni
19th-century American biologists
20th-century American biologists
People from Greenbrier County, West Virginia
Biologists from West Virginia
József Szmodis () was a Slovene Lutheran priest in Krašči in the 17th and 18th centuries in Hungary. He wrote a Lutheran hymnal in the Prekmurje dialect.
See also
István Kozel
List of Slovene writers and poets in Hungary
Old hymnal of Martjanci
Literature
Jože Alojz & Janez Sraka. Prekmurci in Prekmurje, Chicago 1984.
Slovenian writers and poets in Hungary
17th-century births
18th-century deaths
People from the Municipality of Cankova
Georg Wulf (1895-1927) was a German aviation pioneer and aircraft manufacturer.
Biography
Wulf was born 17 May 1895 in Bremen. He was the son of a customs agent. He attended the high school on Dechanat Street.
Around 1910, Henrich Focke, with the help of his brother Wilhelm Focke, built a simple canard airplane of steel tubes and bamboo. It was powered by an eight-horsepower engine. Their attempts to fly on the Bremen paradeground failed, but they awoke an interest of the 15 year old Wulf.
Wulf was so enthusiastic about flying that he quit before he graduated from high school and instead made airplanes. He offered to work with Focke, which Focke accepted. Starting in 1911, Wulf and Focke designed aircraft and built them with the simplest means. In 1912 they completed a flyable monoplane, which Wulf flew.
The treaty ending World War I prohibited aircraft with engines from being built in Germany, until 1923. But Wulf and the Focke brothers secretly continued to build their aircraft in the basement of the Focke family house. After 1921 Wulf flew the aircraft they built. In 1923 Wulf also worked as a flight instructor. Also in 1923, the "'Bremen Aircraft Construction Company (Bremer Flugzeugbau-Gesellschaft) was founded by Focke and Wulf, which was renamed Focke-Wulf- Aircraft Construction Inc. (Focke-Wulf-Flugzeugbau AG) a year later. Wulf was the managing director, the technical director of operations, and a pilot.
As a preliminary study, they had built a light monoplane, which first flew in November 1921. This was followed by the known under the name Seagull and duck commercial aircraft.
Death
On September 29 1927, Wulf died while testing a prototype of the F 19a Ente aircraft.
Wulf is buried in Bremen in the Osterholzer cemetery (field E), near the bridge to the North Chapel.
Honors
In the district of Bremen-Neustadt the Georg-Wulf-Straße was named after him in 1955 near Bremen Airport.
The 'Georg-Wulf-Straße' in Berlin-Schönefeld bears his name.
sources
Monika Porsch: "Bremer Straßenlexikon", complete edition. Schünemann, Bremen 2003, .
Herbert Schwarzwälder: The Great Bremen Lexicon . Edition Temmen, Bremen 2003, .
1895 births
1927 deaths
Businesspeople from Bremen
German aerospace engineers
Engineers from Bremen (state)
German aerospace businesspeople
is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays outfielder for the Hanshin Tigers.
External links
NPB.com
1993 births
Living people
Baseball people from Yokohama
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball outfielders
Hanshin Tigers players
Avalalpam Vaikippoyi is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by John Sankaramangalam and produced by United Producers. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Jayabharathi and Adoor Bhasi. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
Jayabharathi
Adoor Bhasi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Jose Prakash
Prema
Shobha
Joy
Alummoodan
Amrith Vasudev
Bahadoor
Meena
S. P. Pillai
K. V. Shanthi
Sujatha
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by John Sankaramangalam
Films based on Malayalam novels
John Madden (1936–2021) was an American football coach and television announcer.
John Madden may also refer to:
Government
John Madden (judge) (1844–1918), Australian judge and politician
John Madden (Tasmanian politician) (1896–1971), Australian politician
John Madden (Irish politician) ( 1895–1954), Irish politician
Sports
John Madden (hurler) (born 1968), Irish hurling selector and player
John Madden (ice hockey) (born 1973), Canadian ice hockey player
John E. Madden (1856–1929), American horse trainer and thoroughbred breeder
Jack Madden, Canadian basketball referee
Johnny Madden (John William Madden, 1865–1948), Scottish footballer and football manager
Others
John Danny Madden, American singer, often abbreviated as Danny Madden
John Madden (director) (born 1949), English director of theatre, film, television, and radio
John Thomas Madden (1882–1948), American educator and business leader
John Madden (priest) (died 1751), Irish Dean of Kilmore
Johnathon Robert Madden (1991–2003), Canadian child murder victim
See also
John Madin (1924–2012), English architect
Ada Wallas or Ada (or "Audrey") Radford (10 December 1859 – 12 October 1934) was an English writer and teacher.
Life
Wallas was born in Plymouth in 1859. Her father was George David Radford who was a partner in a draper in Mannamead. Her mother Catherine Agnes had ten children and Wallas was the penultimate. Her non-conformist and close knit family sent her to Plymouth High School for Girls and then on to Newnham College to study mathematics. She then taught for a year at Wimbledon High School before returning to Devon. She moved back to London in 1893 having kept house for her brother. She had a private income and she also was now a published writer after pieces had appeared in The Yellow Book and the Westminster Gazette.
On 18 December 1897, she married the socialist Graham Wallas. The following year they had a daughter . May had to be cared for when having diphtheria in 1910 and flu in 1917 when she too was at Newnham College. May obtained her doctorate at the London School of Economics, which her father had founded. She later went to lecture at Newnham.
In 1898, Ada contributed poems to her brother Ernest Radford's publication Songs in the Whirlwind using the name Ada Radford. Her literary work waned after marriage; her first work after marriage was a children's book The Land of Play published in 1906. According to historian Gillian Sutherland, Her work took on somewhat less radical matters after marriage though she remained invoked in community matters through involvement in mothers' and school organisations.
In 1929, she published Before the Bluestockings which included biographies that she had previously published. In the same year she published her early reminiscences under the title Daguerreotypes.
Wallas died in her house in Chelsea in 1934.
References
1859 births
1934 deaths
19th-century English women writers
20th-century English women writers
Writers from Plymouth, Devon
English women non-fiction writers
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
People educated at Plymouth High School for Girls
English biographers
Women biographers
Robertson Buttress () is the westernmost (1040 m) in a series of large rock buttresses on the south side of Darwin Glacier between Alley Glacier and Gaussiran Glacier. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after William Gray Robertson, Jr. of ASA, a specialist in the design and installation of communication systems for United States Antarctic Program (USAP) in the McMurdo Sound and McMurdo Dry Valleys areas from 1990 to 2000.
Rock formations of Oates Land
Way Out West is a 1957 album by Sonny Rollins with bassist Ray Brown and drummer Shelly Manne, neither of whom had previously played or recorded with Rollins. The music employs a technique called "strolling", used here by Rollins for the first time, in which he would solo over only bass and drums with no pianist or guitarist playing chords. The recent reissue of the CD has additional takes of three of the songs, including the title track. These additional takes are all about twice as long, containing much longer solos from all three members of the band.
According to the liner notes by producer Lester Koenig, recording began at 3:00 a.m. to fit the musicians' busy schedules, but "[a]t 7 a.m., after four hours of intense concentration, during which they recorded half the album, and should have been exhausted, Sonny said, 'I'm hot now.' Shelly who had been up for 24 hours, said, 'Man, I feel like playing.' And Ray, who was equally tired and had a studio call for the afternoon, just smiled."
The cover photo, taken by celebrated jazz photographer William Claxton, shows Rollins dressed in a Stetson hat, holster and horn in place of a pistol. The photo concept was Rollins' own idea to celebrate his first trip West.
Reception
In his AllMusic review, Scott Yanow wrote: "The timeless Way out West established Sonny Rollins as jazz's top tenor saxophonist (at least until John Coltrane surpassed him the following year). Joined by bassist Ray Brown and drummer Shelly Manne, Rollins is heard at one of his peaks."
Track listing
"I'm an Old Cowhand (From the Rio Grande)" (Johnny Mercer) – 5:42
"Solitude" (Duke Ellington) – 7:52
"Come, Gone" (Sonny Rollins) – 7:53
"Wagon Wheels" (Peter DeRose) – 10:11
"There Is No Greater Love" (Isham Jones) – 5:17
"Way Out West" (Rollins) – 6:30
CD reissue
When the album was reissued on CD in 1988 (and in subsequent years), some alternate takes were included.
"I'm an Old Cowhand" (Mercer) – 5:40
"I'm an Old Cowhand" [Alternate Take] – 10:06
"Solitude" (Ellington) – 7:49
"Come, Gone" (Rollins) – 7:50
"Come, Gone" [Alternate Take] – 10:27
"Wagon Wheels" (DeRose) – 10:09
"There Is No Greater Love" (Jones) – 5:14
"Way Out West" (Rollins) – 6:28
"Way Out West" [Alternate Take] – 6:36
The 20-bit CD issue groups the alternate takes at the end.
Personnel
Sonny Rollins - tenor saxophone
Ray Brown - bass
Shelly Manne - drums
References
1957 albums
Sonny Rollins albums
Contemporary Records albums
Original Jazz Classics albums
Helen S. Lang (February 19, 1947 – June 20, 2016) was an American philosophy professor and researcher, specializing in ancient Greek philosophy and science, medieval and Renaissance thought, and an expert on Aristotelian natural philosophy.
For over twenty years she was with Trinity College, Hartford (1978–2003<ref name=trep>[https://issuu.com/tcdigitalrepository/docs/tr_f16 The Trinity Reporter, Fall 2016], p. 74</ref>), where she was the Koeppel Professor of Classical Studies (named in 2001). Her last affiliation was with Villanova University, Pennsylvania, where she was Chair of Philosophy Department (2002–2005) and a department member at the time of her death.
As a scholar, Helen S. Lang was a fellow at the Dibner Institute for the History of Science and Technology at MIT and at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.
Publications
Helen Lang wrote over three dozen articles and multiple book reviews.
Major works
1992: Aristotle's Physics and Its Medieval Varieties1998: The Order of Nature in Aristotle's Physics2001: (together with A.D. Macro and Jon McGinnis) an edition and translation of Proclus's De Aeternitate Mundi'' ("On the eternity of the world")
2015: (essay) "Plato on Divine Art and the Production of Body," (in B. Holmes and D.-K. Fischer, ed. The Frontiers of Ancient Science: Essays in Honor of Heinrich von Staden
2017: (essay) "Embodied or Ensouled? Aristotle on the Relation of Soul and Body," (in J. E. H. Smith, ed. Embodiment [Oxford University Press, forthcoming, 2017]
References
1947 births
2016 deaths
American philosophy academics
American women philosophers
Jewish American academics
Presidents of the Society for Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy
University of Colorado alumni
University of Toronto alumni
University of Colorado faculty
University of Denver faculty
State University of New York faculty
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Trinity College (Connecticut) faculty
Villanova University faculty
Deaths from brain tumor
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
Sporting Clube de Bissau, usually known as Sporting de Bissau, is a football (soccer) club from Bissau, Guinea-Bissau.
History
The club was founded on 30 January 1936 in Bissau, the club named after to that of the Portuguese club Sporting CP of Lisbon and is the 89th affiliate.
In the colonial era, the club competed three times in the Portuguese Cup, SC Braga in 1970, the 1972 edition which was their last appearance reached up to round one and challenged with UD Sintrense and Oriental Lisboa and was later out.
The club has the most number of national championships number 14 titles, their last was won in 2010, it also has 6 cups and 2 super cup titles.
After independence, SC Bissau reached the cup final and won their first title 1982, two more were won in 1986 and 1987. Another was won in 1991 after defeating Benfica Bissau 1–0 in the cup final. Another final chance was played in 1994, they lost 2–1 to Ténis Clube de Bissau, a club now known as Mavegro. Sporting Bissau had their second stint for another title, in the final, they lost to the same club 3–1, a club that became Mavegro. After winning their 2004 championship titile, they made a rematch with Mavegro in the 2004 super cup match and won their first of two super cup titles for the club. Sporting won their recent cup title in 2005 after defeating Bissorã 4–2 in the cup final. Sporting came into their recent super cup appearance in 2005, as they also were national champions, they faced the cup runner-up Bissorã and claimed their last super cup title for Sporting.
In 1986, Sporting Bissau celebrated their 50th anniversary of the club's foundation.
In March 2016, Sporting Bissau was in first place with 17 points and 5 matches won, but the season was cancelled after May due to financial problems. Sporting Bissau finished on the edge of the relegation zone for the 2017 season with 11th place, enough to be kept as a First Division club for the following season, this was predominantly their final appearance in the cup final for the club.
Continental competitions
The club appeared in the African competition seven times, once in the cup competition and six in the African level. As they were national champions, the club did not appear in 1992, the late 1990s, the mid 2000s and 2011. In the 1984 edition after challenging Real de Banjul of the Gambia, Hafia FC withdrew from Round 1 competition, later Sporting itself withdrew during Round 2 competitions from JS Kabylie, Sporting also withdrew from the 1985 edition during Round 1 with Asante Kotoko FC and the 1993 edition during the preliminaries with Étoile Filante Ouagadougou.
Logo
Its logo used the older logo of Sporting CP, now the logo is to that of the modern logo of Sporting CP.
Uniform
Its uniform is to that of Sporting CP, its uniform for home games has a white-green striped t-shirt and black shorts, compared to Praia's uniforms of Cape Verde, Sporting Bissau has a green-white striped short sleeves and green socks. Its uniform for away games are colored white and similar to Sporting CP's and Praia's uniform in which Bissau has a green collar and sleeve rim.
Its former uniform used in mid to late 2000s was a green t-shirt with white collar and sleeve edges, a white shorts and green socks for home games.
Rivalry
Sporting Bissau's main rivalry is SB Benfica which is called Derby Eterno de Bissau (Eternal Derby of Bissau)
Honours
Campeonato Nacional da Guiné-Bissau: 14
1983, 1984, 1986, 1991, 1992, 1994, 1997, 1998, 2000, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2021
Taça Nacional da Guiné Bissau: 6
1976, 1982, 1986, 1987, 1991, 2005
SuperTaça Nacional da Guiné-Bissau: 2
2004, 2005
League and cup history
Performance in CAF competitions
1- Hafia FC withdrew
2- SC Bissau withdrew
3- Old Edwardians withdrew
Performance at the WAFU Club Championship
Provincial era
The club in the Portuguese football structure
Portuguese Cup: 4 appearances
1970 – 1/8 final: vs SC Braga (1–0, 0–3)
1972 – Round 1: UD Sintrense (0–2)
1972 – Round 1: Oriental Lisboa (0–1)
National level
Statistics
Best position: Second Round (continental)
Best position at cup competitions: Second Round (continental)
Total matches played at the CAF Champions League: 8
Total matches played at home: 4
Total matches played away: 4
Total number of wins at the CAF Champions League: 1
Total draws at the CAF Champions League: 1
Total number of goals scored at the CAF Champions League: 7
Total matches played at the continental cup competitions: 2
Total number of wins at cup competitions: 1
Total draws at cup competitions: 1
Total number of goals scored at cup competitions: 3
Squad
See also
List of football clubs in Guinea-Bissau
References
External links
Official website of Sporting Bissau or Sporting Guinea-Bissau
Sporting Bissau at soccerway.com
Continental Tournaments of Sporting Bissau
Sporting Clube de Bissau
Campeonato Nacional da Guiné-Bissau clubs
Bissau
Sport in Bissau
Association football clubs established in 1936
1936 establishments in Portuguese Guinea
Siddhpeeth Shri Shakumbhari Devi Temple is an important and ancient Hindu temple. It is situated in the Shivalik hills in Behat tehsil, 40 km from Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh.
It is one of the most visited pilgrimage centers in India. Every year lakhs of visitors visit the temple. The two most prominent festivals celebrated at Siddhpeeth Shri Shakumbhari Devi Temple are Navratri and Diwali.
Shakumbhari devi is a famous Shaktipeeth of maa Durga,
References
Hindu temples in Uttar Pradesh
A Place Called Love may refer to:
A Place Called Love (Judy Rodman album), 1987
A Place Called Love (Johnny Reid album), 2010
Mount Rhodes () is a mountain between Mount Hampson and Mount Bond, in the north part of the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land. It was plotted from air photos taken from ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) aircraft in 1956 and was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for G.J. Rhodes, a member of the crew of the Discovery during the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition (BANZARE) of 1929–31.
Mountains of Enderby Land
G. Satyamurthy (24 May 1954 – 14 December 2015) was an Indian screenwriter who predominantly worked in Telugu cinema. He worked as a story writer for over 90 films and as a dialogue writer for over 400 films. He is the father of film composer Devi Sri Prasad and singer Sagar.
Devatha (1982), Kirayi Kotigadu (1983), Abhilasha (1983), Challenge (1984), Jwala (1985), Srinivasa Kalyanam (1987), Khaidi No. 786 (1988), Bhale Donga (1989), Nari Nari Naduma Murari (1990), Chanti (1992), Bangaru Bullodu (1993), Matru Devo Bhava (1993), Pedarayudu (1995), Amma Donga (1995), Pelli (1997) were some of his notable films. Satyamurthy collaborated with Chiranjeevi on many of his successful films.
Early life
Gorthi Satyamurthy was born on 24 May 1953/4 in Vedurupaka of Rayavaram mandal, East Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh. He completed his B. Sc. degree in Ramachandrapuram. Later he studied B.Ed. at Andhra National College of Education in Machilipatnam and started his teaching career.
Career
Literary career
Satyamurthy's passion for literature led him to start essay writing. He began his literary journey with the novel Chaitanyam. His works, Pavitrulu, Punarankitam, Edaloyala Nidurinche, Digambara Ambaram and Adhara Garalam have especially entertained the literary lovers. He continued his writing process by plotting the conflict in human relationships. Satyamurthy's reputation as a story writer and novelist turned him towards the film industry.
Film career
Satyamurthy started his film career as a story writer with the film Devatha (1982), directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by D. Ramanaidu. With the success of this film, he got wide recognition. Bava Maradallu, Kirayi Kotigadu, Abhilasha, Challenge, Jwala, Bhale Donga, Matru Devo Bhava, Kanchana Sita, Chanti, Pedarayudu, Srinivasa Kalyanam, Nari Nari Naduma Murari, Bangaru Bullodu, Pelli, Nyayam Kosam, Khaidi No. 786, Amma Donga were his successful films. Satyamurthy played a key role in Chiranjeevi's film career. He also directed the films Dadar Express, Chaitanyam, Baava garu, Palletoori Mogudu.
Personal life
He had three children sons Devi Sri Prasad, and Sagar and a daughter Padmini. He died on 14 December 2015 due to Myocardial infarction.
Filmography
References
External links
Screenwriters from Andhra Pradesh
Writers from Andhra Pradesh
People from East Godavari district
Telugu screenwriters
Telugu writers
2015 deaths
Caye Chapel is a small, private island in Belize, north-northeast of Belize City and south of Caye Caulker. It was once owned by Isaiah Emmanuel Morter, Belize's first African millionaire.
Caye Chapel is adjacent to the Bacalar Chico National Park and Marine Reserve (BCNPMR), a UNESCO World Heritage Site. BCNPMR is part of the Mesoamerican Barrier Reef System, the world's second longest barrier reef, which is home to the Great Blue Hole and other popular SCUBA diving destinations accessible from Caye Chapel.
In comparison to other typically rural cayes and islands in the vicinity, it features an airstrip, 18 hole golf course, clubhouse and conference facilities. The golf course, named White Shark Golf Course, was co-designed by former PGA Tour player and World Golf Hall of Fame member Greg Norman, alongside former LPGA Tour player and World Golf Hall of Fame member Lorena Ochoa. The golf course is situated within the middle area of the 280 acre island, with the southernmost point of the golf course situated beside the Caye Chapel airstrip.
Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts will open a luxury resort on Caye Chapel in 2021 featuring approximately 50 private estate lots, 35 private residences, and 100 guest rooms and suites.
It is possible to snorkel and fish around the island.
References
Gallery
External links
Caye Chapel Golf Resort
Islands of Belize
Belize District
Belize Rural South
Private islands of Belize
Camili is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Barket Bekrar (born 17 February 1975 in Martigues, France) is a French-Algerian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He played for FC Martigues in the French third tier and 46 games in Ligue 2 from 2000 to 2002.
References
Living people
1975 births
People from Martigues
Sportspeople from Bouches-du-Rhône
Association football midfielders
Algerian footballers
French footballers
Ligue 2 players
FC Martigues players
French sportspeople of Algerian descent
Footballers from Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
233 Squadron or 233rd Squadron may refer to:
No. 233 Squadron RAF, a unit of the United Kingdom Royal Air Force
VMA-233, a unit of the United States Marine Corps
Lantian Man (), Homo erectus lantianensis) is a subspecies of Homo erectus known from an almost complete mandible from Chenchiawo (陈家窝) Village discovered in 1963, and a partial skull from Gongwangling(公王岭) Village discovered in 1964, situated in Lantian County on the Loess Plateau. The former dates to about 710–684 thousand years ago, and the latter 1.65–1.59 million years ago. This makes Lantian Man the second-oldest firmly dated H. erectus beyond Africa (after H. e. georgicus), and the oldest in East Asia. The fossils were first described by Woo Ju-Kan in 1964, who considered the subspecies an ancestor to Peking Man (H. e. pekinensis).
Like Peking Man, Lantian Man has a heavy brow ridge, a receding forehead, possibly a sagittal keel running across the midline of the skull, and exorbitantly thickened bone. The skull is small by absolute measure, and has narrower postorbital constriction. The teeth are proportionally large compared to other Asian H. erectus. The brain volume of the Gongwangling skull is about 780 cc, similar to contemporary archaic humans in Africa, but much smaller than later Asian H. erectus and modern humans.
Lantian Man inhabited the mild grasslands at the northern base of the Qinling Mountains. For stone tools, Lantian Man manufactured mainly heavy-duty tools including choppers, spheroids, heavy-duty scrapers, handaxes, picks, cleavers. The latter three are characteristic of the Acheulean industry, which is usually only applied to African and Western Eurasian sites. It appears the Acheulean persisted far longer in this region than elsewhere.
Taxonomy
On July 19, 1963, a team funded by the Chinese Institute of Vertebrate Palaeontology and Palaeoanthropology (IVPP) recovered a fossil human mandible (lower jawbone) outside Chenchiawo Village, Lantian County in the Shaanxi Province of Northwest China. It was found in the bottom end of a thick layer of reddish clays, atop a metre-thick (3 ft) layer of gravel. Lantian is situated on the Loess Plateau, which is geologically stratified into alternating units of loess (wind-blown sediment deposits) and paleosol (soil deposits). The mandible was formally described by Chinese palaeoanthropologist Woo Ju-Kan(吴汝康) in 1964, who noted its similarity to the Peking Man (at the time "Sinanthropus" pekinensis), and provisionally classified it as "Sinanthropus" lantianensis. This spurred further investigation of Lantian County, which recovered a human tooth by the end of the May 1964 and the rest of the skull by October, at the Gongwangling site at the foothills of the Qinling Mountains. Woo also assigned it to "S." lantianensis, but later that year, he recognised the genus was falling out of favour and was being synonymised with Homo erectus. He recommended the combination Homo erectus lantianensis. Nonetheless, the skull is too distorted to morphologically assess Lantian Man's relationship with other H. erectus populations, so it is unclear if Lantian Man and Peking Man are more closely related to each other than Java Man (H. e. erectus).
The discovery of Lantian Man was in the midst of an ever-increasing number of Chinese fossil ape sites, bringing the country to the forefront of anthropological discussions, beyond the capital's famous Peking Man. These were publicised in local site museums constructed in the 1980's and 1990's; Lantian Man became one such spectacle for the Shaanxi History Museum.
Lantian Man was early on recognised as being older than Peking Man on purely morphological grounds. In 1973, American anthropologists Jean Aigner and William S. Laughlin suggested the Chenchiawo site was deposited 300,000 years ago and the Gongwangling site 700,000 years ago based on the animal remains (biostratigraphy), constrained to the Middle Pleistocene. In 1978, Chinese palaeoanthropologist Ma Xinghua and colleagues estimated, respectively, 650,000 and 750 to 800 thousand years ago using palaeomagnetism, extending into the Early Pleistocene. Using the same methods later that year, Chinese palaeoanthropologist Cheng Gouliang and colleagues instead reported 500,000 and 1 million years ago. In 1984, Chinese palaeoanthropologists Liu Dongsheng and Ding Menglin suggested the layers date to 500 to 690 thousand and 730 to 800 thousand years ago. In 1989, Chinese palaeoanthropologists An Zhisheng and Ho Chuan Kun stratigraphically placed the Chenchiawo at Palaeosol Unit 5 and the Gongwangling skull to Loess Unit 15, and palaeomagnetically dated them to 650,000 and 1.15 million years ago. This made Lantian Man the oldest firmly dated Asian human species at the time.
An and Ho's dates became widely used, but in 2015, Chinese palaeoanthropologist Zhu-Yu Zhu and colleagues noticed a discontinuity in the stratigraphy, which put the Chenchiawo mandible in Palaeosol Unit 6, and the Gongwangling skull all the way down in Palaeosol Unit 23. This makes them 1.65–1.59 million and 710–684 thousand years old. Lantian Man is then roughly contemporaneous with the earliest humans to leave Africa: the 1.75 million year old Dmanisi humans (H. e. georgicus), the 1.6–1.5 million year old Sangiran humans (H. e. erectus), and the 1.7–1.4 million year old Yuanmou Man (H. e. yuanmouensis). In 2018, Zhu reported 2.1 million year old stone tools at the Shangchen site in Lantian. Such early dates indicate H. erectus rapidly dispersed across the Old World once out of Africa. In 2011, Indonesian palaeoanthropologist Yahdi Zaim and colleagues suggested the open habitats of China and Southeast Asia were colonised by two distinct waves of H. erectus based on dental anatomy, separated by a rainforest belt south of the Qinling Mountains.
Anatomy
The Gongwangling skull is relatively complete, and comprises the frontal bone (forehead), most of the parietal bones (top of the head), the right temporal bone (sides of the head), the bottom margins of the nasal bones (between the eyes), and pieces of the maxillae (upper jaws). It is a bit distorted, with the right orbit jutting out farther than the left, several elements are slightly flattened, the depressions and the middle of the frontal bone are craggy due to corrosion, and the left parietal flexes out a bit more than normal. Based on the size and wearing of the molars (and assuming they degrade faster than those of modern humans), Woo estimated the individual was a 30 year old female. Overall, the skull is quite archaic, according to Woo reminiscent of the contemporary Mojokerto skull from Java. Woo calculated a brain volume of about 780 cc, which is quite small for H. erectus. For comparison, later Asian H. erectus average roughly 1,000 cc, and present-day modern humans 1,270 cc for males and 1,130 cc for females. Contemporary African archaic humans (H. habilis, H. rudolfensis, and H. e? ergaster) ranged from 500–900 cc.
Like Peking Man, the brow ridge is a solid, continuous bar; the forehead is low and receding; and there may have been a sagittal keel running across the midline, but the region is too eroded to definitively tell. The two hard layers of bone (separated by spongy diploë) in the skull are extraordinarily thickened. The temporal lines arcing across the parietals are ridges. Unlike Peking Man, the brow projects more at the midpoint and does not terminate in a sulcus (a defined dip), instead extending even farther. Lantian Man also has greater post-orbital constriction. The nasal bones are rather wide. The orbits are rectangular and lack the supraorbital foramen and the lacrimal fossa. The upper second molar is longer and narrower than the third. Woo reconstructed the skull's length x breadth as , much smaller than the adult dimensions of Peking Man or Java Man.
The Chenchiawo mandible was the most complete mandible from Pleistocene of China at the time, preserving most elements except for pieces of the rami (the ascending portion which connects with the skull). Woo considered the specimen an elderly female based on size and wearing of the teeth. The mandible is mostly consistent with that of Peking Man, except the rami ascend at a smaller angle, the mental foramen is placed lower, the rows of molar teeth have significantly larger angles, and the teeth are larger than what would be expected for a female.
Pathology
The Chenchiawo mandible is missing the third molars, probably a genetic disorder, the first such case for an extinct human species. The right cheek teeth, especially the first molar, feature deterioration and abnormal thickening, which are indicators of gum disease. The first premolar was also lost, probably as a result of this. Nonetheless, none of the teeth developed cavities.
Culture
Palaeoenvironment
The Loess Plateau is a fossil-rich area; the mammal assemblage indicates it has broadly remained a mild grassland throughout the Pleistocene. Gongwangling sits at the base of the Qinling Mountains, which today is a natural barrier separating northern and southern China, forming plains to the north and forest to the south, but at the time may not have posed such an insurmountable wall. Consequently, among the 41 other mammalian species unearthed, Gongwangling also comprises several faunae typical of South China: the giant panda, the elephant Stegodon orientalis, the tapir Tapirus sinensis, the giant tapir, the chalicothere Nestoritherium sinensis, the tufted deer, the mainland serow, and the snub-nosed monkey. Other forest-going creatures (not typical of the south) are: the Etruscan bear, the pig Sus lydekker, and the deer Cervus grayi and Sinomegaceros konwanlinensis. More common were grassland and open-habitat creatures including: badgers, the giant hyena Pachycrocuta, the Zhoukoudian wolf, the tiger, the leopard, the cheetah-like Sivapanthera, the saber-toothed Megantereon, the horse Equus sanmemiensis, the rhino Dicerorhinus, the bovid Leptobos, and several northerly rodents. This assemblage indicates a mild and semi-humid climate, featuring plains adjacent to forest mountains. Chenchiawo features the dhole, the Asian badger, the tiger, the Asian elephant, S. lydekkeri, Sinomegaceros, and C. grayi, in addition to seven species of northerly rodents, which are consistent with a warm, semi-humid to semi-arid grassland to bushland environment.
Technology
The stone tool technology of China was long thought to be so distinct from contemporary western sites that they were incomparable, the former characterised as a simple chopper industry, and the latter as a handaxe industry (the Acheulean). In 1944, American archaeologist Hallam L. Movius drew the "Movius Line" partitioning west from east. As Chinese archaeology progressed through the 1980s, characteristically Acheulean tools were uncovered in China (including Lantian), and the strict Movius Line fell apart.
As of 2014, total of 27 stone tool bearing sites from the Early to Middle Pleistocene have been discovered within the vicinity of Chenchiawo and Gongwangling, in addition to two Late Pleistocene sites. In 2018, Zhu and colleagues reported 2.1 million year old stone tools at the Shangchen site on the Loess Plateau, the oldest evidence of humans out of Africa. Only 26 stone tools were excavated at Gongwangling, 20 from adjacent sites, and 10 from Chenchiawo. In total, the Early to Middle Pleistocene assemblage comprise largely heavy-duty tools including choppers, handaxes, picks, cleavers, spheroids, and heavy-duty scrapers made of predominantly local river cobble — quartzite, quartz, greywacke, and igneous pebbles — and more rarely higher quality sandstone, limestone, and chert. Handaxes, cleavers, and picks are characteristic of the Acheulean, which seems to have prevailed for some time in this region even while the west was transitioning to the Middle Stone Age/Middle Paleolithic in the Late Pleistocene. They seem to have preferred the bipolar percussion technique (smashing the core into several flakes with a hammerstone, out of which at least a few should be the correct size and shape), and less frequently used the anvil-chipping technique (hitting the core against an anvil to slowly chip away pieces into a usable edge).
See also
Shangchen
Nanjing Man
References
External links
China Culture
Human Timeline (Interactive) – Smithsonian, National Museum of Natural History (August 2016).
Paleolithic China
Homo erectus
Pleistocene mammals of Asia
History of Xi'an
Fossil taxa described in 1964
1964 archaeological discoveries
Subspecies
Forest–Moraine Residential Historic District is a national historic district located at Hammond, Lake County, Indiana. The district encompasses 108 contributing buildings in an exclusively residential section of Hammond. It developed between about 1913 and 1950, and includes notable example of Renaissance Revival, Colonial Revival, Tudor Revival, and English Cottage style residential architecture.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Renaissance Revival architecture in Indiana
Colonial Revival architecture in Indiana
Tudor Revival architecture in Indiana
Historic districts in Hammond, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
Mohd Badrul Hisyam bin Morris (born 6 July 1987) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Felcra FC in Malaysia Premier League as a midfielder.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Malaysian footballers
People from Terengganu
Terengganu F.C. II players
Felcra FC players
Malaysia Super League players
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Association football midfielders
Poynting is an impact crater on Mars. It lies north of Pavonis Mons and west of Ascraeus Mons.
It was named by the IAU in 1988 after English astrophysicist John Henry Poynting.
References
Impact craters on Mars
The Oryx Cup is a hydroplane boat race in the H1 Unlimited season. The race was held in November in Doha Bay on the Persian Gulf in Doha, Ad Dawhah, Qatar. From 2009-2014, the Oryx Cup was designated as the host for the UIM World Championship.
History
The Oryx Cup was founded in January 2009 when H1 Unlimited and the Qatar Marine Sports Federation (QMSF) reached an agreement to have the final race of the 2009 H1 Unlimited hydroplane season in Doha, Qatar. The 2009 event was also sanctioned as the UIM Unlimited Hydroplane World Championship.
For the 2010-2014 H1 Unlimited seasons, the Oryx Cup was designated as the host of the UIM H1 Unlimited Oryx Cup World Championship.
List of Oryx Cup winners
List of Prior UIM World Unlimited Hydroplane Champions
The following list are winners of UIM sanctioned unlimited (Gold Cup class) hydroplane world championship events.
Note: The 1961 World Championship Seafair Trophy (won by Ron Musson of Miss Bardahl) was not a sanctioned UIM event
References
External links
Oryx Cup website
H1 Unlimited website
H1 Unlimited
Racing motorboats
Hydroplanes
Sports competitions in Doha
Recurring sporting events established in 2009
2009 establishments in Qatar
Guruvayur Kesavan is a 1977 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Bharathan and produced by M. O. Joseph. The film stars Jayabharathi, Adoor Bhasi, M. G. Soman and Sukumari. It tells the story of Gajarajan Guruvayur Kesavan which belonged to the Guruvayur Temple.
Plot
Cast
Jayabharathi
Adoor Bhasi
M. G. Soman
Sukumari
Manavalan Joseph
Sankaradi
Baby Meena
Baby Vineetha
Bahadoor
Junior Sheela
M. S. Namboothiri
N. Govindankutty
Oduvil Unnikrishnan
Paravoor Bharathan
Thrissur Rajan
Ushakumari
Veeran
Puthur Unnikrishnan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1977 films
Films about elephants
Films directed by Bharathan
Films set in Kerala
Guruvayur
Karataş, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Kahawa is a suburb settlement spanning the Kiambu County and Nairobi County borders along Thika Road. It is administratively divided into four wards across the two counties: Kahawa and Kahawa West wards in Nairobi county and Kahawa Wendani and Kahawa Sukari wards in Kiambu county. Despite its proximity to the city, half of it is administratively in Ruiru, while some parts, such as Kenyatta University, Kahawa Barracks, Kiwanja and Githurai 44, are administratively in Roysambu Constituency.
The Kahawa Region
Originally a coffee growing region, the Kahawa region is generally subdivided into four electoral wards as follows:
Kahawa Barracks
The Kahawa Barracks area (which partly forms the border with Nairobi County) was the site of a British Army base before Kenya's independence and now hosts the Kahawa Army Base of Kenyan Army.
Transport
Kahawa lies to the north of Githurai, another inter-county suburb and settlement along the Kenya-Uganda Railway. In 2016, this town started to be served by suburban trains of the Nairobi rail service.
See also
Ruiru
Githurai
Kasarani
Dandora
Ongata Rongai
References
Populated places in Kenya
General elections were held in Niue on 21 March 2002 to determine the composition of the twenty member Assembly.
All twenty outgoing members were re-elected, of which eight (all of them village representatives) were running unopposed. Voter turnout was close to 100%. The Niue People's Party obtained six seats, and was able to form a government with the support of eight independent members. The remaining six seats were also held by independents.
Young Vivian (NPP) became Premier. Sani Lakatani was his deputy. Atapana Siakimotu was elected Speaker.
Results
References
Elections in Niue
Niue
2002 in Niue
Niue
Marie Baptiste née Dumont or Du Mont (8 February 1733 Bordeaux, France - died after 1786) was a French stage actress and singer. She is most known for her career in Sweden, where she was a leading member of the French Theatre in the mid 18th-century.
Life
Marie Baptiste was born as Marie Dumont or Marie Du Mont in Bordeaux in France. She was active as an actress with the stage name Mademoiselle le Prévost or Mademoiselle le Prevot. In February 1754 in The Hague, she married her colleague, the actor Jacques Anselme Baptiste (1732-?) and became known as Madame Baptiste. She became the mother of two daughters and two sons, notably her daughter Maria Louise Baptiste.
French theater in Sweden
In 1756, Marie Baptiste and her spouse where engaged by theater director Louis Du Londel to the French theater in Sweden. Louis Du Londel recruited eight new members to the Theater in his journey to The Hague, of which Marie Baptiste were counted as the most significant.
The French Du Londel theater in Sweden performed for the Royal Swedish court in the palace theaters of Confidencen and Drottningholm Palace Theater during the summers, and for the public in the Bollhuset theater in Stockholm during the winters. It was a significant theater with about twenty members, patronized by the royal court and the aristocracy. Her spouse was engaged as the French language teacher of the heir to the throne, Crown Prince Gustav.
The French Theater was organized in accordance to a strict hierarchical categorization system. Marie Baptiste was contracted to play the female leading roles of tragedies and comedies of the Comédie-Française and Comédie-Italienne as well as the breeches roles of the opéra comique, while her husband was contracted to play supporting roles. Marie Baptiste attracted particular appreciation as a tragedienne, and Prince Gustav compared her to the Marie Dumesnil in Paris. She had one of her biggest successes in Gabrielle de Vergy by Belloy.
Marie Baptiste was also a singer, and performed in several concerts at the Riddarhuset between 1759 and 1771.
The theatre fire
Marie Baptiste is remembered in connection to the fire of the first Drottningholm Palace Theatre. On 25 August 1762, in the middle of the fifth act of the play performed in honor of the queen's name's day, Maria Baptiste rushed out on stage and cried out that the theater was on fire. The incident is described in a letter from the nobleman Knut Henrik Leijonhufvud to Carl Christoffer Gjörwell:
The 4th act had just been performed and the orchestra played some music... at last, the theater called for silence with the customary clap; and at that moment. Madame Baptiste came rushing through the theater and made a gesture, which illustrated all her despair; no one thought anything but that it was a part of the play. Having noticed that it had no effect, she was the only one to have the composure to return and then she only said with half muffled voice, Le feu - and saved herself immediately.
After this, panic occurred as the fire spread quickly in the wooden building, and Leijonhufvud described how a nobleman took the princess under one arm and another nobleman the two youngest princes, how the queen and the crown prince argued about who were to leave first, and how he himself gave way to "the poor ladies, who on account of their big skirts was in terrifying danger", while the whole building was burning around them. In the end, the fire lead to the death of four people: a maid, a boy and two "servants", outside of the material losses, which were a catastrophe for the actors because their living quarters were in the same building and they thereby lost all their possessions. By the quick alarm of Baptiste, however, more lives were saved than what was otherwise estimated to have been the case, and Marie Baptiste was therefore seen as a heroine and awarded a pension by the Riksdag of the Estates. In 1769, Marie Baptiste renounced her pension in exchange for a capital sum.
Later life
In 1771, the French Du Londel theater was dissolved by king Gustav III of Sweden after his succession to the throne. The Baptiste family, consisting of Marie Baptiste, her spouse and their four children, left Sweden and toured Europe, but was not able to secure a contract in any theater.
In 1776, they returned to Sweden, where they did not succeed in their intention to start a theater school with their daughter Marie Louise as principal, but Gustav III restored the pension previously awarded her for her role in the theater fire evacuation, and her spouse was engaged as a violinist at the Royal orchestra. They belonged to the little group of French artists that staged French language plays for the Swedish royal court of Gustav III in a smaller scale for five years, until the engagement of the French Theater of Gustav III in 1781. When her husband lost his position at the Royal orchestra in 1786, he and Marie Baptiste left Sweden permanently.
See also
Marguerite Morel
Jeanne Du Londel
Elisabeth Soligny
References
Calendrier électronique des spectacles sous l'ancien régime et sous la révolution.
Christensson, Jakob (red.), Signums svenska kulturhistoria. Frihetstiden, Signum, Lund, 2006
Forser, Tomas & Heed, Sven Åke (red.), Ny svensk teaterhistoria. 1, Teater före 1800, Gidlund, Hedemora, 2007
Jonsson, Leif & Ivarsdotter, Anna (red.), Musiken i Sverige. 2, Frihetstid och gustaviansk tid 1720-1810, Fischer, Stockholm, 1993 (Music in Sweden. The age of Liberty and the Gustavian age 1720–1810)
Oscar Levertin: Teater och drama under Gustaf III, Albert Bonniers förlag, Stockholm, Fjärde Upplagan (1920). ['Teater och drama under Gustaf III']
Löfgren, Lars, Svensk teater, Natur och kultur, Stockholm, 2003
Fredrik August Dahlgren: Förteckning öfver svenska skådespel uppförda på Stockholms theatrar 1737-1863 och Kongl. Theatrarnes personal 1773-1863. Med flera anteckningar.
Further reading
1733 births
Year of death missing
18th-century Swedish actresses
Swedish stage actresses
18th-century French actresses
French stage actresses
18th-century French women opera singers
Age of Liberty people
Actresses from Bordeaux
Surgidero de Batabanó Lighthouse is a Cuban lighthouse located in Surgidero de Batabanó, a village and the port of Batabanó, Mayabeque Province.
See also
List of lighthouses in Cuba
References
Lighthouses in Cuba
Buildings and structures in Mayabeque Province
Lighthouses completed in 1847
Alfred-Auguste Cuvillier-Fleury (18 March 1802, Paris – 18 October 1887, Paris) was a French historian and literary critic.
Biography
Préfet des études at the collège Sainte-Barbe in Paris and preceptor of Henri d'Orléans, duc d'Aumale, from 1827 to 1839, he then became Henri's special secretary. He contributed to the Journal des Débats. He was elected to the Académie française in 1866.
In 1830 he published Documents historiques sur M. le comte Lavalette and edited the Mémoires of Lavalette's daughter (and Cuvillier-Fleury's lover), Joséphine de Lavalette. Although none of the works he published was reissued in his lifetime, his Correspondance avec le duc d'Aumale, as well as his Journal intime, remain important sources on the history of Orléanism.
Main works
Portraits politiques et révolutionnaires volume I, volume II (1851)
Voyages et voyageurs (1854)
Nouvelles études historiques et littéraires (1855)
Dernières études historiques et littéraires volume I, volume II (1859)
Historiens, poètes et romanciers (1863)
Études et portraits (1865–68)
Posthumes et revenants (1878)
Journal intime (1903)
Correspondance du Duc d'Aumale et de Cuvillier-Fleury (1910)
External links
Académie française
1802 births
1887 deaths
People of the July Monarchy
19th-century French writers
French literary critics
Members of the Académie Française
19th-century French historians
19th-century French male writers
French male non-fiction writers
Jodie Myers (born 23 March 1995) is a British judoka. She competed for England in the women's +78 kg event at the 2014 Commonwealth Games where she won a silver medal. Jodie went on to win a gold medal in the same category at the 2014 Junior European Judo Championships in Bucharest.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
English female judoka
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Judoka at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in judo
Cheung Chi Wai (born 6 May 1946) is a former professional footballer who spent the 1968 season in the North American Soccer League, playing for the Vancouver Royals.
Born in Hong Kong, in the British Empire to ethnic Chinese parents, Cheung Chi Wai represented Republic of China (Taiwan) instead of Hong Kong nor People's Republic of China.
Personal life
His father Chang King Hai (), represented China at the 1948 Olympics.
His brother was fellow footballer Cheung Chi Doy.
References
External links
NASL career stats
Living people
1946 births
Hong Kong footballers
Taiwanese footballers
Hong Kong expatriate footballers
Hong Kong expatriates in Canada
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Happy Valley AA players
Vancouver Royals players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
Sing Tao SC players
Chinese Taipei international footballers
Chinese Taipei international footballers from Hong Kong
Association footballers not categorized by position
Pot Cops is an American reality television series that aired on the Discovery Channel. The show premiered on February 20, 2013, during Discovery Channel's programming block titled "Weed Wednesdays", along with Weed Country. The series followed dealers, growers and patients of the marijuana trade in Humboldt County, California, located within the Emerald Triangle, along with the enforcers of the law at the Humboldt County Sheriff's office. Well known Humboldt County grower Timothy Littlefield is featured prominently in an episode where a garden was raided in a joint investigation with the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office and the Bureau of Indian Affairs Police. Pot Cops highlighted the difficulty that Humboldt County law enforcement officers faced in enforcing marijuana laws in California, after the passage of Proposition 215 in 1996 and before Proposition 64 in 2016.
Cast
Lt. Wayne Hanson, Head of the Humboldt County Drug Task Force (HCDTF)
Deputy Todd Fulton, Drug Enforcement Unit
Sgt. Bryan Quenell, Drug Enforcement Unit
Deputy Greg Musson, Drug Enforcement Unit
Deputy Blake Massaro, Drug Enforcement Unit, HCDTF
Agent Steve Dunn, Humboldt County Drug Task Force Special Agent
Episodes
References
External links
2013 American television series debuts
2013 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Discovery Channel original programming
American television series about cannabis
Cannabis in California
On February 28, 1999 the body of Minerliz "Minnie" Soriano was found bound and wrapped inside a garbage bag, dumped inside a garbage dumpster behind a video store in Co-op City section of the Bronx, New York City. She had been strangled and sexually abused, and missing for three days after leaving her middle school. Her case went unsolved for twenty-two years, until Police used advance DNA technology to help them arrest a suspect in November 2021.
It is the first time in New York City that a case was solved using familial DNA.
Investigation
The key piece of evidence in the case was a semen stain found on Soriano's sweatshirt which was preserved since 1999. In 2019, the sample was run through the New York State convicted offender DNA database (CODIS) and linked the DNA to the suspect's deceased father. Investigators later obtained a sample of Martinez's DNA and matched the sample to him.
Accused
After using advanced DNA technology, Joseph Martinez, who goes by "Jupiter Joe" and taught children astronomy was arrested and accused of strangling Soriano between February 24-28, 1999 while sexually assaulting her. He had been connected to the case using a familial DNA link, as his deceased fathers DNA was matched to a DNA sample that had been collected from semen on Soriano's sweatshirt. He was arrested on two counts of second-degree murder.
At the time of his arrest, Martinez lived in New Rochelle and previously taught children about astronomy, by setting up a powerful telescope on busy sidewalks, and offering views and lessons to those that wanted. Due to his highly public profile many have taken to social media to discuss their shock and disbelief that Martinez could commit such a crime.
References
External links
Minerliz Soriano on Find A Grave
1999 murders in the United States
Deaths by person in New York City
February 1999 events in the United States
1999 in New York City
February 1999 crimes
The flag of the city of Baltimore features the "Battle Monument", which is also the central motif on the city's seal.
The monument was constructed in the former colonial era Courthouse Square along North Calvert Street, between East Lexington Street to the north and East Fayette Street to the south, after the second Baltimore City and County Courthouse was constructed on a site farther west across Calvert Street in 1805.
Commemorating the soldiers and officers that fell in the defense of the city against the British land and sea attack in the Battle of Baltimore with the Battle of North Point and subsequent Bombardment of Fort McHenry on September 12-13-14th, 1814, during the War of 1812.
The memorial was begun with a cornerstone laying one year after the attack on September 12, 1815, (later observed annually as Defenders Day, a city/county/state legal holiday) and completed in 1822, seven years later.
The design was by French emigre architect Maximilian Godefroy and five years later was placed as the central figure with the city incorporation date of 1797 underneath on the city's newly designed oval official seal in 1827.
In the 20th century, the monument was also placed over the black and gold colors design from the Calvert family quarters from the shield of the Great Seal of the State of Maryland, in the city flag now flown along with the American and Maryland state flags at all public buildings and many private sites.
The field is in the Calvert family colors of black and yellow / gold (sometimes orange) and design, which also appear in the first and fourth quarters of the Maryland state flag taken from the shield of the Calvert-Crossland families coats-of-arms.
The flag is blazoned (described in heraldic) terms as follows: Paly of six Or and sable, a bend counterchanged, on an inescutcheon Sable, within an orle of the first, a representation of Baltimore's Battle Monument Argent. Two other designs were submitted for consideration; both included the Battle Monument and the Calvert arms.
Respondents to a 2004 survey sponsored by the North American Vexillological Association rated the Baltimore city flag 7.46 on a 10-point scale, making it the 18th best American city flag in the 150 flag survey of American cities.
See also
Seal of Baltimore
References
External links
Flag
Flag
Flags of Maryland
History of Baltimore
Flags introduced in 1915
Kızıllı, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Hegetotheriopsis is an extinct genus of hegetotheriid notoungulate. It lived from the Late Oligocene to the Early Miocene, and its fossilized remains are found in Argentina.
Description
This genus is poorly known due to the fragmentary nature of its fossils ; a comparison with some of its better-known relatives tends to indicate that it was roughly the size of a modern aguti. Hegetotheriopsis is defined by the presence of both archaic and derived characteristics. It had very high-crowned and open-rooted (euhypsodont) molars, with cementum and devoid of dimple in the adult dentition. The center of the lingual wall of the upper molars featured a small groove, less marked than in several of its relatives such as Prosotherium and Propachyrucos. The first upper premolar was devoid of lingual sulcus, while the third and fourth upper premolars were molariform. A vestigial parastilar groove was located on the second and third upper premolars. The anteorbital margin was devoid of zygomatic plate.
Classification
Hegetotheriopsis sulcatus was first described in 2013, based on fossil remains found in the Chubut Province of Argentine Patagonia, in terrains dated from the Early Miocene. Other remains, found in the Cabeza Blanca locality of the Sarmiento Formation and attributed to the same species, are dated from the Late Oligocene.
Hegetotheriopsis is a member of the family Hegetotheriidae, a group of small-sized Notoungulates, roughly similar to lagomorphs or rodents. The real affinities of the genus are not clear, and the descriptors, Kramarz and Paz, noted some archaic characteristics, excluding it from the two subfamily of hegetotheriids (Hegetotheriinae and Pachyrukhinae) and also found in the family Archaeohyracidae, usually considered ancestral to the family. Subsequent studies have instead recovered Hegetotheriopsis as a specialized hegetotheriid, attributed to the subfamily Hegetotheriinae.
References
Typotheres
Oligocene mammals of South America
Miocene mammals of South America
Neogene Argentina
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossil taxa described in 2013
Prehistoric placental genera
Golfo San Jorge Basin
Chichinales Formation
Michael Geserer (born 14 December 1969) is a former professional tennis player from Germany.
Biography
Born in Regensburg, Geserer only started playing tennis at the age of 17. After graduating from high school in 1989 he did a year of military service, before turning professional in 1991.
During his career he reached the highest ranking of 189 in the world and featured in the qualifying draws of all four grand slam tournaments.
His best performances on the ATP Tour were appearances in the round of 16 at the 1995 Arizona Tennis Championships and 1995 Dutch Open, eliminated by Stefan Edberg in the former.
He formerly coached WTA Tour player Julia Görges, and 2021 Australian Open finalist Jennifer Brady.
Challenger titles
Doubles: (1)
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
German male tennis players
German tennis coaches
Sportspeople from Regensburg
Tennis people from Bavaria
General Rudie was a third wave ska band from Montreal, Quebec, Canada. In their nine-year career, the band released two full-length albums on Stomp Records and toured extensively throughout Canada and the United States.
Career
General Rudie was founded in February 1997 and their first concert was in March 1997, as the opening act at a Flashlight Brown concert (who were at that time called Flashlight). After playing together for three years, mostly in the Montreal area, they opened for The Skatalites in 2000. In the same year, the band performed in Toronto at Ska Ska Oi!, a punk/ska concert organized by the Toronto chapter of Anti Racist Action. They also performed at the Toronto International Jazz Festival. In the later part of 2000, General Rudie toured southern Ontario in support of their first EP The Green Light Sessions, Vol 1, including a performance at the Canadian Tulip Festival. The band had plans to tour the rest of Canada to support the EP, but according to singer Phil Dixon, the band "exploded and we spent the summer rebuilding". Instead, the band worked on establishing a solid line-up and writing new material.
Stomp Records, Canada's largest ska record label, expressed an interest in signing General Rudie for a recording contract. The band began work on their first full-length release for Stomp in 2001, following a weeklong tour of the Canadian Maritimes with future label-mates and fellow Montréalers The Planet Smashers. The album, Cooling the Mark was completed by the end of the year. The official release party was at the 2002 Ska Ska Oi! concert. They also played the same ARA benefit in 2003, sharing the stage with Closet Monster and Nightshift.
The release of their second album, Take Your Place, was in 2004. The album had 13 songs, including the single "Shelter", whose lyrics call for help for Montréal's homeless. The video for "Shelter" includes footage of squeegee kids and panhandlers interspersed with shots of the band performing in an abandoned building and under a highway overpass.
The band performed what was to be a final concert on September 2, 2006 at the Cafe Campus in Montréal after a brief farewell tour through southern Ontario. However, in July and August 2014, the band reunited for four shows in Oshawa, Montreal, Quebec City, and Toronto. They were joined on the reunion tour by trombonist Patty Taylor of the Planet Smashers.
Discography
Take Your Place (2004)
Cooling the Mark (2001)
The Green Light Sessions, Vol 1 (2000) EP
Compilation appearances
2Tongue Volumes I, II, III (Disques Sapristi!/Indica Records/Stomp Records)
Still Standing (Megalith Records)
State of the Union Vol II (Stomp Records)
The Skanadian Club Vol. 4 (Union Label Group)
Skannibal Party II (Mad Butcher Records)
Global Ska 3 (Kainos Productions)
Boucing of Ska (Ska-LP Records)
External links
The official General Rudie website
General Rudie on CBC Radio 3
General Rudie on MySpace
General Rudie's Stomp Records artist profile
Interview with General Rudie at Discorder
Top Ranking Brass: General Rudie's winning conditions (from the Montreal Mirror)
Review of Cooling the Mark at PunkNews.org
References
Canadian ska groups
Musical groups from Montreal
Musical groups established in 1997
Musical groups disestablished in 2006
1997 establishments in Quebec
2006 disestablishments in Quebec
Büddenstedt is a former municipality in the district of Helmstedt, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 6 km south of the town of Helmstedt into which it was incorporated on 1 July 2017 as a quarter.
History
Büddenstedt was formed 1 March 1974 by combining the municipalities Neu Büddenstedt, Offleben, and
Reinsdorf/Hohnsleben. Neu Büddenstedt was settled in 1935 between a prior municipality named Büddenstedt and Wulfersdorf, both of which were slated for demolition due to coal mining. The previous Büddensted was finally fully evacuated in 1947 while Neu Büddensted became a municipality in 1950.
References
Helmstedt (district)
Former municipalities in Lower Saxony
South Bohemian Zoological Gardens of Hluboká nad Vltavou (), known as Ohrada Zoo () is a zoo in the town of Hluboká nad Vltavou, Czech Republic, which opened in 1939. The zoo is specialized in animals from the European Palearctic zoogeographical region, and the Czech Republic.
Creation of the Czechoslovakian Wolfdog
Karel Hartl's lecture, "Results of crossing wolves with dogs", received a lot of attention at the World Dog Show held in June 1965 in Brno and in Prague at the annual meeting of the Fédération Cynologique Internationale (FCI) and the International Cynologic Congress. The following year Hartl compiled a draft standard of a new dog breed. Mating a wolf, Brita, with a German Shepherd, Kurt, then created the basis of a second line. A third line was made by joining the wolf Arga with the female dog Asta from the Sbor národní bezpečnosti (SNB). In 1977, a third-generation hybrid female named Xela of the border guards was covered by the wolf Sarika; he also mated with the female Urta of the border guards. The last addition of wolf blood took place in 1983. The wolf Lejdy of Ohrada Zoo gave birth to last line of the new breed, the father of the puppies being the German Shepherd Bojar von Shottenhof. Since that time, breeding has been carried out only in closed populations and the hybrids are known as Czechoslovakian wolfdogs.
Animals at the zoo
References
External links
Zoos established in 1939
Zoos in the Czech Republic
České Budějovice District
Kessler Peak () is a conspicuous cone-shaped peak, high, in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica, standing at the east side of Lennox-King Glacier, west-southwest of Mount Rotolante. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain Charles L. Kessler, U.S. Navy, Director of Selective Service System for Virginia. Kessler was a member of the ship's party on the Byrd Antarctic Expedition (1928–30) and revisited Antarctica in 1962 and 1965.
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
Four Cs may refer to:
Four Cs (education), a group of learning competencies and skills in 21st century learning
Diamond (gemstone), the Four Cs are carat, cut, color, and clarity
Marketing mix, may refer to two possible marketing-related concepts:
Four 'C's in ７Cs compass model (Co-marketing)
Four 'C's in consumer-oriented model
XL or variants may stand for:
Arts and entertainment
XL (band), a J-Pop band
XL Recordings, a British independent record label
XL, a character in the animated series Buzz Lightyear of Star Command
Businesses and organizations
Transportation
XL Airways France, a French airline
XL Airways Germany, a German charter airline
XL Leisure Group, a major United Kingdom tour operator, which ceased operations in 2008
XL Airways UK, a defunct British airline which was part of XL Leisure Group
LAN Ecuador (IATA airline code XL)
the base trim level for Ford trucks
Other businesses and organizations
XL Axiata, an Indonesian mobile phone network operator
XL Center, a civic center in Hartford, Connecticut, United States
XL Cola, a Swedish soft drink
XL Group, a financial services company headquartered in Ireland with executive offices in Bermuda
XL Recordings, a British independent record label
Excel Esports, a British esports organization (shortened name is "XL")
North Texas Intermediate Sanctions Facility, a privately operated prison facility (TDCJ shorthand is "XL")
Science and technology
XL, inductive reactance, a property of an inductor
XL (programming language), a computer programming language designed to support concept programming
XL series computers, in the Atari 8-bit family (including the 600XL, 800XL and 1200XL)
Weather Star XL (also known as just XL), a computer used by The Weather Channel for local forecasts
Nintendo DSi XL, the fourth and final model in the Nintendo DS line, released in 2009, and a larger version of the Nintendo DSi
Nintendo 3DS XL, the second model in the Nintendo 3DS line, released in 2012, and a larger version of the original Nintendo 3DS
New Nintendo 3DS XL, the fifth model in the Nintendo 3DS line, released in 2014, and a larger version of the Nintendo 3DS XL and New Nintendo 3DS (which is a larger version of the original 3DS)
New Nintendo 2DS XL, the sixth model in the Nintendo 3DS line, released in 2017, and a larger version of the Nintendo 2DS
Other uses
40 (number) in Roman numerals
XL (Extra large), a clothing size
Excess-of-loss reinsurance, a particular non-proportional type of reinsurance contact
See also
Excel (disambiguation)
Simmons Gap is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States.
Simmons Gap is named after Ephraim Seamonds/Simmons who lived at Simmons Gap on the Blue Ridge Mountain. Simmons Gap Road that runs from Buck Mountain Road just north of Earlysville, Virginia to the park line and picks back up on the west side. In the horse and wagon days Simmons Gap was one of the main mountain crossings. Ephriam Seamonds and his wife Mary Pew Seamonds are buried on the mountain. When it was decided to cut a better crossing, the Spotswood Trail was selected which is now Route 33. Simmons Gap sits between Weaver Mountain and Flattop Mountain.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Umbilo is a central suburb of Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
The name is taken from the Umbilo River that flows through Pinetown and Queensburgh via the Umbilo canal and eventually into Natal Bay at Bayhead. Also written as Mbilo, it is of Zulu origin, meaning "boiling".
References
Suburbs of Durban
On The Wire is a radio programme originally broadcast on BBC Radio Lancashire presented by Steve Barker.
History
The show was first broadcast on 16 September 1984. In the 1980s the show was broadcast on Sunday afternoons 2-5pm. On the Wire'''s first guests were Adrian Sherwood and Keith le Blanc. Sherwood and Dub Syndicate provide the show's theme music. The guests on the second week of the show were Depeche Mode.On the Wire was one of the first shows in the UK to play hip-hop, house music and techno music. It gave the first radio plays in the UK for Derrick May and Kevin Saunderson and the radio premier of 808 State's "Pacific State" and A Guy Called Gerald's "Voodoo Ray". Andy ‘Madhatter' Holmes and Pete Haigh have provided since 1986 the once-a-month Funkology show. Michael "Fenny" Fenton has a weekly slot on the show where he plays music from the local music scene.
At the beginning of the 1990s On the Wire was under threat from the BBC, but at the last minute the show was saved by the BBC board, with the show being described as a ‘unique BBC product'. Brian "Planet" Jackson and John Peel were key figures in saving the programme. When the programme was saved it moved to a new slot on Thursday evenings, and then on Saturday evenings for the rest of the show's run.
Guests on the show have included Lee Perry, Mark E Smith, Half Man Half Biscuit, Kelly Joe Phelps, Alvin Youngblood Hart, Jeb Loy Nichols and Blood and Fire. Highlight shows include: An Xmas party at the Ritz in Manchester including Sherwood with Gary Clail, 808 State, A Guy Called Gerald, Little Annie and Neneh Cherry; putting on The Fall free at Clitheroe Castle and the three hour dub special shows.
From 2003 to 2012, Steve Barker contributed from Beijing with the invaluable help of Christiaan Virant, American exile and co-founder of the China-based nu electronic unit FM3.
Engineers on the show have included Mikey Martin, Jethro (known on the net as ‘Culf') and current engineer, Jim Ingham.
The forerunner to On the Wire was called Spin Off and it was broadcast on BBC Radio Blackburn (later BBC Radio Lancashire) on Tuesday and Thursday evenings from 6pm to 7pm. The programme was presented by Steve Barker and produced by Ian Cook (Education Producer).On the Wire was terminated by the BBC in March 2020, as part of a Covid-related scaling back of BBC Local Radio services, and Barker was informed that his contract would not be renewed. On the Wire'' continues at MixCloud.
References
External links
BBC Radio Lancashire
On The Wire website
On The Wire at MixCloud
British music radio programmes
BBC Local Radio programmes
Endgame (stylized as ENDGAMƎ) is a Canadian drama television series that premiered on the Showcase Television network on Monday, March 14, 2011. The series was developed and produced by Thunderbird Films. The series followed fictional former World Chess Champion Arkady Balagan (Shawn Doyle), a genius who uses his analytical skills to solve crimes.
The show starts four months after the death of Balagan's fiancée Rosemary, when Balagan has developed agoraphobia. Balagan uses the faculties he honed playing chess to help him solve cases.
Cast and characters
Shawn Doyle as Arkady Balagan – a former world chess champion from Russia. While attending a world championship in Vancouver his fiancée, Rosemary, is killed by an assassin's gunfire in front of the hotel Huxley. His resultant agoraphobia makes him an "armchair detective" like Nero Wolfe or Lincoln Rhyme. Initially, he primarily makes money by charging exorbitant rates for games against "Grandmaster Arkady Balagan" on his website.
Torrance Coombs as Sam Besht – a grad student and chess fanatic. He is Balagan's apprentice; because of Balagan's phobia Sam is the one who does the leg work to solve the cases. Sam is a smart kid with a promising future; Balagan pays Sam for his legwork by giving him more chances to play chess with Balagan.
Patrick Gallagher as Hugo – the head of hotel security. He and Balagan have their disagreements; Hugo envies Balagan's superior capabilities solving crimes as a mere chess player while he, as a former detective, shows a lower aptitude at deduction. Hugo constantly threatens Balagan about his inability to pay his bills, and wants him to leave. Balagan deceives and outwits Hugo into helping him or staying out of his way.
Katharine Isabelle as Danni – a bartender at the hotel. Danni serves as a source of information.
Melanie Papalia as Pippa – younger sister of Rosemary (Balagan's deceased fiancée), she is determined to find out who killed Rosemary. She makes documentaries and keeps a video blog.
Carmen Aguirre as Alcina – a cleaning lady at the Huxley Hotel. She is a single mother of six, with one grandchild, who works overtime, practically every day. She sometimes skips work time in order to do some field work with Sam, as a favour to Mr. Balagan, who tips generously.
Veena Sood as Barbara Stilwell – the manageress of the hotel. Barbara does not help with Balagan's cases.
Collin Lawrence – as Homicide Detective Jason Evans (recurring), the newest detective assigned by the police to investigate the murder of Pippa's older sister Rosemary (Balagan's late fiancée). Pippa has confidence in the detective, and that his fresh perspective on the case will enable him to solve the mystery of who murdered Rosemary. Balagan, in sharp contrast, has much less faith in the police, based on his experiences in the Soviet Union with alleged corruption and incompetence.
Episodes
Cancellation
In early June 2011 Showcase announced that it would not renew Endgame for a second season. In February 2012, it was reported that Shawn Doyle had been contracted for a possible return of the series, pending continued success of its Hulu premiere. In June 2012, it was announced that the show would not be continued.
Distribution
The series is available through streaming services Amazon Video and Hulu. It is also available in the free with ads section of Vudu.
References
External links
2010s Canadian crime drama television series
2011 Canadian television series debuts
2011 Canadian television series endings
Showcase (Canadian TV channel) original programming
Television series by Corus Entertainment
Television shows filmed in Vancouver
Television shows set in Vancouver
Television shows about chess
William McAlpine may refer to:
William J. McAlpine (1812–1890), American civil engineer
Sir William McAlpine, 6th Baronet (1936–2018), British businessman
William McAlpine (tenor) (1922–2004), Scottish tenor
William H. McAlpine (1847-1905) American minister and educator
See also
McAlpine Locks and Dam, named for William McAlpine, district engineer for the Corps of Louisville, Kentucky
Escape Plan is an American prison action thriller film series based on characters created by Miles Chapman and Arnell Jesko. The series is centered around Ray Breslin, a security analyst and escape artist who helps design supermax prison by posing as an inmate to find their flaws; later films center around his security and hostage rescue firm. The series stars Sylvester Stallone, with a supporting cast including Arnold Schwarzenegger, Dave Bautista and Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson as allies and associates of Breslin. All entries in the series since the second film have primarily been released direct-to-video, though they have also been released in some theaters. The series has received a mixed-to-negative critical response.
Films
Escape Plan (2013)
Security expert Ray Breslin's work consists of being imprisoned in high-security prisons, then attempting to escape to highlight flaws in their security. Accepting a job offer to escape a specialized maximum-security prison—on the condition that he does not know its location—he finds himself incarcerated in the world's most secret and secure prison, "The Tomb". When the plan goes awry and he finds himself actually incarcerated for life, Breslin must team up with his fellow prisoners and use his skills and experience to escape.
Escape Plan 2: Hades (2018)
Years after escaping The Tomb, Ray Breslin has expanded his security company's operations, hiring a team and working a wide range of operations. After a team member goes missing during a routine operation, Breslin and his associate Trent DeRosa must work to rescue them from their high-tech off-the-grid prison known as "HADES".
Escape Plan: The Extractors (2019)
When a business magnate's daughter and her entourage are abducted, Ray Breslin and his team must work with her former bodyguard to rescue them from the top secret black site they are imprisoned in, operated by the vengeful son of his former business partner who betrayed him years prior.
Main cast and characters
Additional crew and production details
Reception
Box office performance
Critical and public response
References
Action film series
Film series introduced in 2013
Trilogies
Constituency PK-95 (Lower Dir-II) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
Elections 2013
The following table shows the names of candidates, their parties and the votes they secured in the general elections held on May 11, 2013.
Elections 2008
Hidayat Ullah Khan the candidate of Awami National Party won the elections.
Elections 2002
Siraj Ul Haq the candidate of MMA won the elections.
See also
Constituency PK-94 (Lower Dir-I)
Constituency PK-96 (Lower Dir-III)
Constituency PK-97 (Lower Dir-IV)
Constituency WR-16
References
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly constituencies
Alfred Eugene Jackson (January 11, 1807 – October 30, 1889) was a Confederate States Army brigadier general during the American Civil War. Before the war, he was a farmer, produce wholesaler, miller, manufacturer and transporter of goods by wagon and boat. After the war, he was a tenant farmer in Virginia until he regained some of his property in Tennessee.
Early life
Alfred Eugene Jackson was born on January 11, 1807, in Davidson County, Tennessee. He attended Washington College (presumably Washington College Academy, a predecessor of Tusculum College, both of which were founded by Samuel Doak) and Greeneville College, now Tusculum College. After college he became a farmer and merchant of produce and manufactured wares. He distributed those goods from North Carolina to the Mississippi River through an extensive transportation network of wagons and boats that he established.
American Civil War
Alfred E. Jackson began his Confederate States Army service as a major on September 11, 1861. Taking advantage of his experience, he served as quartermaster on the staff of Brigadier General Felix Zollicoffer until Zollicoffer was killed at the Battle of Mill Springs Jackson and his Confederate troops spent most of the war pursuing guerrillas and pitching small battles in East Tennessee, eastern Kentucky, southwestern Virginia and western North Carolina.
Jackson served as a paymaster during the Confederate military occupation of Knoxville, Tennessee under the command of then Major General E. Kirby Smith. Jackson's original appointment as a brigadier general on October 29, 1862, was canceled. He was promoted to brigadier general on February 9, 1863.
In April 1863 Jackson was given command of a brigade in the Department of East Tennessee . The brigade had both cavalry troopers and infantry soldiers and the men in the brigade were rotated in and out at various times.
In May 1863, Jackson's brigade briefly was attached to the Army of Tennessee. It took part in several minor battles and skirmishes, pursued deserters, raided into eastern Kentucky and southwestern Virginia, attacking both Union loyalist civilians and perceived bushwackers. General Braxton Bragg, former commander of the Army of Tennessee, criticized Jackson in a May 1864 report because his men were in "miserable order."
Jackson's brigade returned to east Tennessee and was active during Burnside's Knoxville campaign. September 8th it captured 240 men of the 100th Ohio Infantry at the Battle of Telford's Station, at present-day Telford, Tennessee. On 20 September 1863 it was among the Confederates forces attacked in a three-day battle along the area of the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad, running from Jonesboro (present day Jonesborough, Tennessee) to a railroad bridge crossing the Watauga River at Carter's Depot (present day Watauga, Tennessee. (After the end of the Civil War, the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad was consolidated with East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad to become the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway). Jackson supported Brigadier General John S. Williams in his retreat after the Battle of Blue Springs on October 10th. Later he helped guard the winter quarters of Lieutenant General James Longstreet's Corps northeast of Knoxville at Russellville, Tennessee during that Corps' detachment to the western theater of the war.
Jackson's brigade was assigned to Major General Robert Ransom Jr's. division between October 1863 and February 1864, Brigadier General Bushrod R. Johnson's division in February and March 1864, and Major General Simon Buckner's division in April and May 1864. All in the Confederate Trans-Allegheny Department.
From September 30, 1864 Jackson and his brigade assisted in the defense of Saltville, Virginia, in the Confederate Department of East Tennessee and West Virginia, successor to the Trans-Allegheny Department, . On November 23, 1864 Jackson was assigned to light staff duty under Major General John C. Breckinridge in the same department . Historian John Stanchak states that this implies the 57-year-old Jackson was in poor health.
Postwar years
After the war, Jackson was impoverished and rented land in Washington County, Virginia, which he cultivated with his own hands. President Andrew Johnson granted Jackson a special pardon on November 16, 1865, because of kindness shown by Jackson to Johnson's family in East Tennessee during the war. Because of the pardon, Jackson gradually regained enough of his property to return to Jonesboro, Tennessee.
Alfred Eugene Jackson died October 30, 1889, at Jonesboro, Tennessee, and is buried there.
Nickname controversy
There is a controversy about the nickname Mudwall. While fellow Confederate General William Lowther Jackson from West Virginia (no family relation) has been known as such for a long time it was found by noted historian Garry W. Gallagher that the nickname was originally given to Alfred Jackson. It seems the two were mixed up in the Southern Historical Society Papers in 1906 and the error was involuntarily repeated afterwards. Sometimes the name is even attributed to another (likewise not related) Confederate Brigadier, John K. Jackson. It is also possible that at times the name was attributed to several of the Jacksons simultaneously.
See also
List of American Civil War generals (Confederate)
Notes
References
Boatner, Mark Mayo, III. The Civil War Dictionary. New York: McKay, 1988. . First published 1959 by McKay.
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
Sifakis, Stewart. Who Was Who in the Civil War. New York: Facts On File, 1988. .
Stanchak, John E. "Jackson, Alfred Eugene" in Historical Times Illustrated History of the Civil War, edited by Patricia L. Faust. New York: Harper & Row, 1986. .
Warner, Ezra J. Generals in Gray: Lives of the Confederate Commanders. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1959. .
Will the Real "Mudwall" Please Stand Up? (pdf)
1807 births
1889 deaths
Confederate States Army brigadier generals
People of Tennessee in the American Civil War
People from Davidson County, Tennessee
Tusculum University alumni
People from Jonesborough, Tennessee
Yoo-kyung is a Korean feminine given name. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 62 hanja with the reading "yu" and 54 hanja with the reading "kyung" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be used in given names.
People with this name include:
Jung Yoo-kyung (born 1968), South Korean television screenwriter
Kim Yoo-kyung (born 1975), South Korean rhythmic gymnast
Klara Min (born Min Yu-kyoung, c. 1976), South Korean pianist
Hong Yoo-kyung (born 1994), South Korean singer and dancer
Fictional characters with this name include:
Jung Yoo-kyung, in 2006 South Korean television series Alone in Love
Seo Yoo-kyung, in 2010 South Korean television series Pasta
See also
List of Korean given names
References
Korean feminine given names
William Samuel Frieder (born March 3, 1942) is a former basketball coach at Michigan (1981–1989) and Arizona State (1989–1997). Frieder's 1985–86 team was the last Michigan team to win a Big Ten Championship until the 2011–12 team.
Just before the 1989 NCAA tournament, Frieder announced that he would leave Michigan for Arizona State at the end of the season. Michigan athletic director Bo Schembechler ordered Frieder to leave immediately, and named top assistant Steve Fisher as the interim coach for the tournament. Schembechler famously announced, "A Michigan man will coach Michigan, not an Arizona State man." The Wolverines went on to win the tournament and Fisher was officially given the head coaching job. Michigan credits the 1988–89 team's regular season to Frieder and the NCAA tournament to Fisher.
Frieder resigned from Arizona State in 1997 following a point-shaving scandal that involved games from the school's 1994 season.
Personal
Frieder is a 1964 graduate of the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business.
During the 1990s, Frieder and Lute Olson, then coach of the Arizona Wildcats, participated in a series of television commercials together for Bank One.
Head coaching record
Frieder was fired prior to coaching in the 1989 NCAA Tournament
* 2 NCAA Tournament wins and 1 NCAA Tournament loss were later vacated
** Record at Arizona State includes vacated games
*** Final record includes vacated games
Bibliography
Cummings, D. L. (1995). "Frieder Looks on Sunny Side at Arizona State." New York Daily News. March 22.
(1997). "Frieder Resigns at Arizona State." The New York Times. September 11.
(1988) "Basket Case – The Frenetic Life of Michigan Coach Bill Frieder" by Bill Frieder with Jeff Mortimer
ESPN College Basketball Encyclopedia (2009)
Notes
References
1942 births
Living people
Arizona State Sun Devils men's basketball coaches
College basketball announcers in the United States
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
High school basketball coaches in the United States
Michigan Wolverines men's basketball coaches
Ross School of Business alumni
Anegam (O'odham) name translates as "Desert Willow", is a populated place and census-designated place (CDP), situated on the Tohono O'odham Indian Reservation, in Pima County, Arizona, United States. Its population was 151 as of the 2010 census, and 154 as of July 1, 2015. It has an estimated elevation of above sea level.
Demographics
Anegam first appeared on the 2010 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).
References
Populated places in Pima County, Arizona
Tohono O'odham Nation
Census-designated places in Pima County, Arizona
Populated places in the Sonoran Desert
Garha is a large village in Phillaur tehsil of Jalandhar District of Punjab State, India. It is situated on Phillaur-Nawanshahr road 1 km away from Phillaur, 45 km from Jalandhar and 120 km from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by a sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per Panchayati raj (India).
Caste
The village has schedule caste (SC) constitutes 68.63% of total population of the village and it doesn't have any Schedule Tribe (ST) population.
Transport
Rail
Phillaur Junction is the nearest train station however, Bhatian Railway Station is 9 km away from the village.
Air
The nearest domestic airport is located 33 km away in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh also Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is the second nearest airport which is 140 km away in Amritsar.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Phillaur tehsil
Yuva is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The Québec Carnavals were a Minor League Baseball team located in Quebec City that served as the Montreal Expos' Double-A Eastern League affiliate from 1971 to 1977. They became known as the Québec Metros for the 1976 and 1977 seasons. Following the 1977 season, the Expos moved their Double-A affiliation to the Memphis Chicks, an expansion team of the Southern League.
History
In 1969, the Montreal Expos were founded as members of the National League as Major League Baseball expanded to 24 teams. Filling out their minor league roster, Montreal announced that Quebec City would host the club's farm system. This was the Expos' first sole Double-A affiliate after sharing the Jacksonville Suns with the Milwaukee Brewers in 1970. Quebec joined fellow Canadian franchise, the Trois-Rivières Aigles, as new members of the Eastern League.
Season-by-season record
Defunct Eastern League (1938–present) teams
Sport in Quebec City
Defunct baseball teams in Canada
Baseball teams in Quebec
Montreal Expos minor league affiliates
Sivniguda is a town in Bastar district, Chhattisgarh, India.
Location
Sivniguda is 40 km from Jagdalpur. Chitrakot waterfalls is towards south west of Sivniguda. Nearest airport is Raipur Airport and railway station is at Jagdalpur.
National Highway 43 passes through Sivniguda.
See also
Chitrakot
References
External links
About Sivniguda
Cities and towns in Bastar district
Elections were held in Illinois on Tuesday, November 6, 1984.
Primaries were held on March 20.
Election information
Turnout
Turnout in the primary election was 40.89% with a total of 2,474,610 ballots cast. 1,771,948 Democratic, 702,421 Republican, and 241 Citizens primary ballots were cast.
Turnout during the general election was 76.80%, with 4,969,330 ballots cast.
Federal elections
United States President
Illinois voted for Republican ticket of Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush.
This was the fifth consecutive election in which the state had voted for the Republican ticket in a presidential election.
United States Senate
Incumbent Republican Charles H. Percy, who was seeking a fifth term as senator, was unseated by Democrat Paul Simon.
United States House
All of Illinois' 22 congressional seats were up for reelection in 1984.
State elections
State Senate
Some of the seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 1984. Democrats retained control of the chamber.
State House of Representatives
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 1984. Democrats retained control of the chamber.
Trustees of University of Illinois
An election was held for three of nine seats for Trustees of University of Illinois system.
The election saw the reelection incumbent Republican Ralph Crane Hahn to a fourth term, as well as the election of new trustees Republican Susan Loving Gravenhorst and Democrat Ann E. Smith.
First-term incumbent Democrat Paul Stone lost reelection. First-term incumbent Democrat Edmund Donoghue was not nominated for reelection.
Judicial elections
Multiple judicial positions were up for election in 1984.
Ballot measure
Illinois voters voted on a single ballot measure in 1984. In order to be approved, the measure required either 60% support among those specifically voting on the amendment or 50% support among all ballots cast in the elections.
Exempt Veterans' Organizations from Property Taxes Amendment
Exempt Veterans' Organizations from Property Taxes Amendment, a legislatively referred constitutional amendment which would amend Article IX, Section 6 of the Constitution of Illinois to exempt property used exclusively by veterans' organizations from property taxes, failed to meet either threshold to amend the constitution.
Local elections
Local elections were held.
References
Illinois
Gone to Texas was a phrase in use during the 19th century in the southern United States.
It can also refer to :
Gone to Texas (novel), a 1975 title by Forrest Carter
Gone to Texas (film), a 1986 television movie
Gone to Texas, a 2006 album by American band Jessica's Crime
The Tunku Laksamana Abdul Jalil Mosque () is a mosque in Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia. The mosque is located at the Royal Malaysia Police Johor Contingent Police Headquarters in Jalan Tebrau. This modern futuristic mosque was officially opened on 28 August 2015 by the Sultan Ibrahim Ismail of Johor and was named after the honour of his late fourth son, Tunku Abdul Jalil Sultan Ibrahim, Tunku Laksamana of Johor who was served as a police inspector of the Special Action Unit (UTK) branch. Tunku Abdul Jalil died four months later on 5 December 2015, age of 25 due to cancer.
History
The mosque was constructed from 2012 and was completed on 2015.
Architecture
Modern futuristic mosque
See also
Islam in Malaysia
2015 establishments in Malaysia
Buildings and structures in Johor Bahru
Mosques completed in 2015
Mosques in Johor
Vitaly Mikhailov (; born 24 August 1986) is a Belarusian long track speed skater, born in Vitebsk, who participates in international competitions.
Mikhailov is the current holder of the Belorusian record in 1000 metres.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2006 - Hamar, 21st
2007 - Collalbo, 19th
2008 - Kolomna, 21st
World Junior Allround Championships
2004 - Roseville, Minnesota, 21st
2005 - Seinäjoki, 20th
2006 - Erfurt, 24th
National Championships
2003 - Minsk, 3rd at allround
Nordic Junior Games
2004 - Berlin, 2nd at 3000 m
References
External links
Mikhailov at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Mikhailov at SkateResults.com
1986 births
Belarusian male speed skaters
Living people
Sportspeople from Vitebsk
Speed skaters at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Belarus
Udhayan is an Indian Tamil film director, based in Chennai, India.
Personal life
His birth name is S. B. Ramadoss. Born in Perunali village at Ramanathapuram District. His elder brother Sivaram Gandhi is a dialogue writer who worked in films like Samundi (1992), Vandicholai Chinraasu (1994) and Anantha Poongatre (1999).
Career
Udhayan has directed two Tamil action films Perarasu (2006) and Aayudham Seivom (2008). Together with director Sundar C. he has written screenplays for Aranmanai, Aambala, and Aranmanai 2. He has been written dialogues for the film Ajith From Aruppukottai.
Filmography
References
External links
Film directors from Chennai
Living people
1966 births
People from Ramanathapuram district
Tamil screenwriters
Admiral Hipper may refer to:
Franz von Hipper (1863–1932), German Admiral who served in World War I
German cruiser Admiral Hipper, a German heavy cruiser named after the World War I admiral, launched in 1937 and served in World War II
Edward G. Stoiber (September 18, 1855 – April 21, 1906) was an American mining engineer and owner of the Silver Lakes Mines and Mills near Silverton, Colorado. Stoiber went to Germany and completed a mining degree program. When he returned he began working as a mining engineer in Leadville, Colorado. In the mid-1880s, he went into business with his brother Gustavus, establishing a mill and mine in San Jan County near Silverton. By 1887, the brothers decided to part ways, with Edward keeping the Silver Lake mine. The following year he married Lena Allen Webster who would become joint owner of the business and an operational manager. Edward focused on mining engineering, which was crucial to find economical ways to mine and process low-grade ore. He investigated mining practices and ore processing until he was able to become a profitable enterprise that also brought prosperity to the San Juan mining district. Lena was a hard-driving, yet also caring manager, ensuring that the mining operations were effective. That included wearing men's clothes and performing work as needed. They were involved in community, philanthropic, and industry efforts, including dual-membership in the American Institute of Mining Engineers.
Early life
Stoiber was born September 18, 1855 in New York, New York. His parents were Helena Rouse and Felix Stoiber, who were members of the German Evangelical Mission Church in New York City. He was a graduate of the School of Mines at Freiberg.
Career
Background
When prospectors first came to Colorado in search of gold or silver, they were more likely to find relatively high concentrations of metal as compared to rock. As the metal-rich mines were tapped out, lower-grade ore remained. That meant that the milling process had higher ratios of rock to metal and the extraction process would be more expensive. After a decade or two of heaving mining, there needed to be new more cost-effective processes to mine and process lower-grade ore to make a profit.
Early years
He began work as a mining engineer, joining the American Institute of Mining Engineers in 1877. He worked in Leadville for three years. On January 30, 1879, he married Gertrude Comstock in Clear Creek County, Colorado. He was single and living with his brother in San Juan County by 1885. In the mid-1880s Edward and his brother Gustavus obtained 200 claims at the head of Arrastra Gulch and established the Silver Lake Mine and operated a custom ore sampler. Edward became interested in a lode near Silver Lake and began buying claims. He established a mine at the lake, which was above the timberline at 12,250 feet in elevation. He began building one of the most modern mining facilities in the West, including a mill complex at Silver Lake. It was the first concentrating mill at that high altitude.
The brothers had a disagreement in 1887 and dissolved their partnership with Edward retaining the mine. He investigated processes and devices for the treatment of ores and became one of the earliest operators to make a profit processing low-grade mixed sulphide ores.
Partnership with Lena
Lena Allen Webster came to Silverton in 1884 as a married woman and her husband, F. C. Webster, disappeared or died mysteriously a few months later. Edward married Lena in Chicago on March 29, 1888. When the business was in its infancy, Lena started taking in boarders. She then became involved in the business by working in the mine and installing machinery. She wore men's clothing while she worked. They were joint owners. While Edward ran the engineering portion of the business, his wife Lena managed the miners. She gained the nickname of "Captain Jack" for her colorful language and tough demeanor. Lena became an associate member of the American Institute of Mining Engineers in 1894 and remained a member until her death in 1935.
Business growth
He had a 8,640 Bleichert tramway built in 1895 by the Trenton Iron Company to move the ore down the mountain to Arrastra Gulch. The tramway was capable of moving five tons of material per hour. The concentrates were then transported to a branch of the Silverton Railroad. He continued to expand his mining business, involving a partnership with J.H. Robin. He added another mill and a faster tramway, able to move 30 tons of material per hour. His business success led to prosperity within the San Juan mining district.
Waldheim
Edward and Lena built a mansion called Waldheim, meaning forest home, in Silverton in 1897. Used as a home and office, the mansion had a conservatory, theater, and a ballroom. They built a hydropower plant to provide electricity to their mine, mill, and mansion. In 1901, he sold the Silver Lakes Mines to the American Smelting and Refining Company for $2.35 million ().
Personal life
Edward was well-respected by his employees, who he treated with kindness and consideration. He sought to improve the welfare of the mining industry across Colorado. Among his large gifts to educational institutions, he donated an elaborate set of instruments to the Colorado School of Mines and established a scientific section at the University Club library.
Lena hosted dances and other entertainment for the workers, delivered presents to children at Christmas, and was a stalwart partner to her husband, doing whatever needed to be done to make the business run effectively. She also treated the workers well. Lena helped to establish Mesa Verde as a national park. She also founded a woman's group to do practical and historical literary work. Conversely, she could have a difficult temperament. For instance, Lena developed a tendency to build high walls between her neighbors and herself, both in her first house in Silverton with Edward and later at the mansion in Denver. After her Silverton neighbors added a second story to reclaim their view, she installed billboards above the fence to block it again.
Later years and death
After he sold his business, the Stoibers lived in Denver and traveled throughout Europe and the Far East. They lived in Paris, France beginning in 1904, but were planning on returning to Denver to build a mansion based on his sketches. Edward contracted typhoid fever on April 3, 1906 and died in Paris on April 21. Lena had a mausoleum built for him at Fairmount Cemetery. It was made of Vermont granite at a cost of about $30,000. The interior was made of Parian marble.
After Edward died, Lena worked with architects using his sketches to have the Stoiber Mansion built in Denver in 1907. In 1909, Lena married Hugh Rood, a capitalist from the Pacific Coast. He died on the RMS Titanic, after which Lena Stoiber-Rood went to Europe. On May 20, 1918, she married Commander Mark St. Clair Ellis of the United States Navy. She then went by the name of Lena Allen Stoiber-Ellis. She separated from Ellis following lawsuits that were brought by another woman. They were divorced March 15, 1932. Lena died on March 27, 1935 at her villa on Lake Como in Stresa, Italy.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
1855 births
1906 deaths
19th-century American businesspeople
American mining businesspeople
Colorado Mining Boom
People from Silverton, Colorado
Shchuchyn District () is a district (rajon) in Grodno Region, Belarus.
The administrative center is Shchuchyn.
Notable residents
Vaclaŭ Ivanoŭski (also known as Vatslaw Ivanowski or Wacław Iwanowski) (1880 - 1943), Belarusian political and public figure of the first half of the 20th century
Alaiza Pashkevich (pen name Ciotka) (1876 – 1916), Belarusian poet and political activist of the Belarusian national movement
References
Districts of Grodno Region
This is a list of all of the songs that F.B.T. Productions has produced, including songs for Eminem, George Clinton and others.
1984
Dreamboy - Dreamboy
"Don't Go"
"I Promise (I Do Love You)"
1995
Soul Intent - Fuckin' Backstabber
Whole album
1996
Infinite
Whole album
1997
Eminem - Slim Shady EP
Whole album
1999
Eminem - The Slim Shady LP
"Public Service Announcement"
"Brain Damage"
"If I Had"
"97 Bonnie & Clyde"
"My Fault"
"Cum on Everybody"
"Rock Bottom"
"Just Don't Give a Fuck"
"As the World Turns"
"I'm Shady"
"Bad Meets Evil"
"Still Don't Give a Fuck"
2000
Eminem - The Marshall Mathers LP
”Public Service Announcement 2000”
"Marshall Mathers"
"Drug Ballad"
"Amityville"
"Kim"
"Under the Influence"
"Criminal"
"The Kids"
2001
D12 - Devil's Night
"Another Public Service Announcement"
"American Psycho"
"Purple Pills"
"Instigator"
"Pimp Like Me"
"Blow My Buzz"
"Devils Night"
"These Drugs"
2002
Eminem - The Eminem Show
"White America"
"Square Dance"
"Cleanin' Out My Closet"
"Without Me"
"Sing for the Moment"
"Superman"
Eminem - 8 Mile
"Lose Yourself"
2003
King Gordy - The Entity
"Nightmares"
"The Pain"
"Fight"
"When Darkness Falls"
"Pass Me A Lighter"
"No Lights"
"We Violent"
"Stress"
2005
Bizarre - Hannicap Circus
"Public Service Announcement (Skit)" (featuring Jeff Bass)
Tony Yayo - Thoughts of a Predicate Felon
"Drama Setter"
2007
T.I. - T.I. vs. T.I.P.
"Touchdown"
2008
George Clinton - George Clinton and His Gangsters of Love
Whole album
2009
Eminem - Relapse
"Beautiful"
"Underground/Ken Kaniff"
Production discographies
Discographies of American artists
Hip hop discographies
Akyarı is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
The Foton Midi () is a Leisure activity vehicle produced from 2008 to 2014 by Foton, a subsidiary of BAIC Group.
Overview
The original price of the Foton Midi ranged from 59,800 yuan to 66,400 yuan with two four-cylinder petrol engines available including a 1.3 litre engine producing 85 hp and a 1.5 litre engine producing 105 hp with both engines mated to a 5-speed manual gearbox. A facelift featuring a new 1.6 litre engine option and a restyled front fascia was introduced in 2013 for the 2014 model year, but due to poor sales, the Midi was soon discontinued. The price of the Foton Midi before being phased out ranged from 59,300 yuan to 66,700 yuan.
References
External links
(Foton Official Website)
Foton Motor vehicles
Cars introduced in 2008
2010s cars
Minivans
Compact MPVs
front-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars of China
This is a list of shopping malls in Ukraine listed by size.
List
References
Links
The most visited shopping malls in Ukraine forbes.net.ua, November 6, 2012
Newbuilding in Ukraine vn.com.ua, December 24, 2021
Ukraine
Shopping malls
Gerbic or Gerbič is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fran Gerbič (1840–1917), Slovenian composer and operatic tenor
Fred Gerbic (1932–1995), New Zealand politician
Susan Gerbic (born 1962), American skeptic
WEFX (100.7 MHz, "100.7 The Eagle") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Henderson, New York. It is owned by Community Broadcasters, LLC, and airs a country music radio format.
The radio studios and offices are on Wealtha Avenue in Watertown, New York. The transmitter is on Paul Road at Smithfield Road in Adams, New York. WEFX is a Class A FM station with an effective radiated power (ERP) of 6,000 watts.
History
In 1991, the station first signed on the air. Its original call sign was WOTT-FM. It was the sister station of WOTT 1410 AM (now WNER).
A classic hits format was launched on 100.7 on February 11, 2009. WEFX uses the frequency formerly occupied by WOTT, which moved to 94.1 in Calcium, New York, on February 9, 2009.
As a classic hits station, WEFX played music from the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. It used the slogan "Plays the music you grew up with."
On September 6, 2012, WEFX changed its format from classic hits to country music. The station is branded as "100.7 The Eagle".
Previous logo
References
External links
EFX
Country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1997
Ilse Weber (11 January 1903 – 6 October 1944) née Herlinger, was born in Witkowitz near Mährisch-Ostrau. A Jewish poet, she wrote in German, most notably songs and theater pieces for Jewish children. She married Willi Weber in 1930. She was voluntarily transported to Auschwitz with the children of Theresienstadt and murdered in the gas chambers, along with her son, Tommy. Her most popular book was "Mendel Rosenbusch: Tales for Jewish Children" (1929).
Life
As a child she learned to sing and play guitar, lute, mandolin and balalaika, but apparently never considered a career as a musician.
In 1930 she married Willi Weber and settled in Prague, where she wrote for children's periodicals and became a producer for Czech Radio. Following the Nazi occupation of Czechoslovakia in 1939 the Webers were able to get their oldest son Hanuš safely to Sweden on a "Kindertransport" before they were confined to Prague's Jewish Ghetto. Hanuš was sent first to the U.K. to live with a friend of his mother who was the daughter of a Swedish diplomat, and he may well be the Hans Weber listed as No. 1292 in the records of the kindertransports to the U.K. organised by Nicholas Winton. He survived the war in Sweden, and lives in Stockholm in retirement. His son, Tommy, born in 1977, is named in honor of his younger brother, murdered with his mother in Auschwitz.
The Webers arrived at the Theresienstadt concentration camp in February 1942. Ilse Weber worked as a night nurse in the camp's children's infirmary, doing everything she could for the young patients without the aid of medicine (which was forbidden to Jewish prisoners). She wrote around 60 poems during her imprisonment and set many of them to music, employing deceptively simple tunes and imagery to describe the horror of her surroundings. In performance she accompanied herself on guitar. Her songs include "Lullaby," "I Wandered Through Theresienstadt," "The Lidice Sheep," "Wiegala," "And the Rain Falls," and "Avowal of Belief."
When her husband was deported to Auschwitz in October 1944, Ilse Weber volunteered to join him with their son Tommy because she didn't want to break up the family. She and the boy were murdered in the gas chamber on arrival. Willi Weber survived them by 30 years.
Years later, on April 15, 2018, one of her patients from Theresienstadt, Aviva Bar-On sang, without a written trace and only from memory, one of Ilse Weber's songs during a concert in Jerusalem. The whole event was a tribute to Nazi concentration camp victims who had composed music.
Writings
Her most popular book was "Mendel Rosenbusch: Tales for Jewish Children" (1929). The title character, a kind elderly man, mysteriously receives a magic coin that enables him to become invisible at will. He uses this power to perform anonymous good deeds for his neighbors. Weber's sharp observations and gentle humor make these stories appealing for all ages.
Her early fiction, dating from 1925, was collected as "The Scooter Race and Other Stories" (1930).
Weber's Theresienstadt poetry was collected in the book "Inside These Walls, Sorrow Lives" (1991). Her songs have been frequently recorded, particularly "Lullaby," most recently by mezzo-soprano Anne Sofie von Otter and Christian Gerhaher (2007). In 2008, the Munich-based publisher Carl Hanser Verlag brought out a collection of her letters and poems entitled: Wann wohl das Leid ein Ende hat (When will the suffering come to an end) collected by the German historian Ulrike Migdal. Weber's surviving son Hanuš participated in a cultural program commemorating his mother's work in Berlin on 22 May 2008. He is the author of a book on her life, Ilse: A Love Story Without a Happy Ending.
Her song "Wiegala" is used in Paula Vogel's play, Indecent.
Works
Writing
Märchen (Fairy Tales), 1928
Die Geschichten um Mendel Rosenbusch: (Mendel Rosenbusch: Tales for Jewish Children), 1929
Das Trittrollerwettrennen (The Scooter Race), 1936
In deinen Mauern wohnt das Leid: Gedichte aus dem KZ Theresienstadt (Inside These Walls, Sorrow Lives: Poems from Theresienstadt Concentration Camp), 1991
Wann wohl das Leid ein Ende hat (When Will Suffering End), 2008; ed. Ulrike Migdal,
"Dancing on a Powder Keg": Ilse Weber's Letters and Poems; Translated from the German, and Foreword by Michal Schwartz, Ruth Bondy on Theresienstadt, Afterword by Ulrike Migdal; Bunim & Bannigan, Ltd, in association with Yad Vashem, 2017,
Selected recordings
The Songs of Holocaust : "Und der Regen rinnt". "Wiegala". "Denn alles wird gut". "Dobrý den". "Ade, Kamerad!". "Ukolébavka". "Kleines Wiegenlied" "Ich wandre durch Theresienstadt" Rachel Joselson (soprano), Rene Lecuona (piano), Scott Conklin (violin), Hanna Holman (cello) Albany 2016
Terezín - Theresienstadt (Anne Sofie von Otter album) "Wiegala" (Lullaby) "Ich wandre durch Theresienstadt" (Wandering Through Theresienstadt) "Ade, Kamerad" (Goodbye, Friend) "Und der Regen rinnt" (And the Rain Falls) Deutsche Grammophon
References
Further reading
Weber, Hanuš. 2004. Ilse: A Love Story Without a Happy Ending. Stockholm: Författares Bokmaskin,
External links
1903 births
1944 deaths
Czech Jews who died in the Holocaust
Czech children's writers
Czech women writers
Czech writers in German
Writers from Ostrava
Jewish songwriters
Theresienstadt Ghetto prisoners
Czech people who died in Auschwitz concentration camp
Jewish poets
Jewish women writers
Czechoslovak civilians killed in World War II
People killed by gas chamber by Nazi Germany
Czech women children's writers
20th-century Czech women writers
Internationalist and defencist were the broad opposing camps in the international socialist movement during and shortly after the First World War. Prior to 1914, anti-militarism had been an article of faith among most European socialist parties. Leaders of the Second International had even suggested that socialist workers might foil a declaration of war by means of a general strike.
However, when war broke out in August 1914, the leaders of most European socialist parties rallied to the support of their respective countries, while a minority continued to oppose the war. Those in favour of their country's war efforts were variously called 'social patriots' or 'defencists'. Those opposed to the war called themselves 'Internationalists' and were often called 'defeatists' by their opponents.
Division
The 'defencist' camp included many venerable figures of European socialism: Jules Guesde and Édouard Vaillant in France, Gustav Noske and Friedrich Ebert in Germany, Georgi Plekhanov and Ekaterina Breshkovskaia among the Russians. Leaders of the anti-war 'Internationalist' camp included Jean Jaurès (who was murdered for his anti-war stance in 1914), Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg, and later also Karl Kautsky and Eduard Bernstein, in Germany, Iulii Martov, Vladimir Lenin, Viktor Chernov and Mark Natanson among the Russians. The anti-war socialists held two international conferences at Zimmerwald and Kienthal in Switzerland in 1915 and 1916.
The defencist–internationalist schism did not necessarily coincide with earlier, pre-existing splits, such as that between reformists and revolutionaries, Revisionists and orthodox Marxists, Bolsheviks and Mensheviks, etc. For example, Guesde and Vaillant in France had belonged to the intransigent, revolutionary left of the Socialist Party, and in 1914, anti-war sentiment was the strongest on the far left. Yet both of these veterans were ardent supporters of the French war effort, while the old reformist leader Jaurès opposed the war. Likewise, Kautsky and Bernstein had been on opposite sides during the Revisionism controversy of the 1890s, Kautsky defending orthodox Marxism and Bernstein being the principal exponent of Revisionism; they both joined the anti-war faction. Meanwhile, the left wing Marxists Paul Lensch, Heinrich Cunow and Konrad Haenisch went on to form the Lensch-Cunow-Haenisch group, which argued that the First World War was a revolutionary war against the liberal capitalism of the Triple Entente.
'Defencism' and 'Internationalism' were broad categories; within each camp, there were further differences and divisions. Out-and-out 'Social Patriots' who supported their countries' war efforts unconditionally, including territorial ambitions, were fairly rare, though they included some of the most prominent representatives of the pre-war socialist movement: people like Henry Hyndman, Plekhanov and Guesde. More common was an attitude of conditional support for the war, approving a 'defensive' war but rejecting annexations and indemnities. A special case arose in Russia in 1917: After the February Revolution, several Mensheviks and Socialist-Revolutionaries (SRs) who had previously been Internationalists and Zimmerwaldists now favoured 'Revolutionary Defencism' – continued war effort in defence of the revolution. This was the case with Mensheviks like Fedor Dan and Irakli Tsereteli, SRs like Avram Gots and Nikolai Avksentiev and Trudoviks like Alexander Kerensky. In 1917 some Bolsheviks took also this position, before Lenin returned to Russia and successfully opposed this view. On the Internationalist side, too, there were divisions. Most Internationalists favoured passive resistance to the war and called for an international peace agreement, 'without annexations or indemnities'. Jaurès, Kautsky, Bernstein, Martov and Chernov belonged to this camp; so, at first, did the Bolshevik Lev Kamenev. A minority led by Lenin advocated 'Revolutionary Defeatism': instead of seeking a peace agreement that would restore the status quo ante, socialists should seek to convert the 'imperialist war' into a revolutionary 'civil war', with each socialist party working for the defeat of its own country.
Effects by country
The schism caused splits in many European socialist parties. In France, the split between socialists and communists did not occur until 1920. In Germany, the Independent Social-Democrats (USPD) formally separated from the majority Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) in 1917, and the more radical Spartacist League formed the nucleus of the post-war German Communist Party (KPD). Italy was a special case: whereas, in most European socialist parties, Defencists predominated (at least at the beginning of the war), in Italy, the majority of the members and most of the leaders of the Socialist Party, from reformists to radicals, were against Italy's entry into the war, while a minority, led by the former Maximalist and future fascist dictator Benito Mussolini, campaigned for Italian intervention and was expelled from the party for it. Only the Serbian socialists remained fairly uniformly anti-war.
Russia
Divisions in Russia were especially complicated and affected party alignments during the Russian Revolution. The Mensheviks and Socialist-Revolutionaries were badly divided. A small minority on the right took an out-and-out Social Patriotic stance, even supporting territorial expansion as a war aim. Plekhanov and the 'Grandmother of the Revolution, Breshkovskaia, belonged to this group. Slightly more moderate were Mensheviks like Aleksandr Potresov and SRs like Vadim Rudnev. The Menshevik and SR majority, including Dan, Tsereteli, Abramovich, Liber, Gots, Avksentiev, Zenzinov and so on, were 'Revolutionary Defencists'; they had been Zimmerwaldists and opponents of the war until February 1917 but now favoured limited defensive war.
Some later returned to the Internationalist camp (such as Dan and Abramovich). The Revolutionary Defencists dominated the soviets and the Provisional Government until the October Revolution of 1917. The Menshevik/SR Revolutionary Defencists in the soviet supported the Provisional Government, but with increasing misgivings. Kerensky had been one of them, a Zimmerwaldist until 1917, then a Revolutionary Defencist; however, as, initially, the only socialist in the Provisional Government, he had adopted a more and more unqualified stance in support of the war, in line with his liberal colleagues.
To the left of the revolutionary defencists stood Internationalists like Chernov, who collaborated with the soviet leaders and even joined the Provisional Government, although he opposed both a continuation of the war and a coalition with the liberals. More principled in his opposition to the war was the Menshevik Internationalist leader Martov, who, however, was in a minority in his party until the Bolsheviks had taken power. The Mezhraiontsy group, headed by Leon Trotsky, was firmly internationalist but not necessarily revolutionary defeatist; in 1918, Trotsky resigned his ministry rather than sign the harsh peace agreement of Brest-Litovsk proposed by the Germans.
The Left Socialist-Revolutionaries, who counted the veteran Mark Natanson and many young militants among their number, were also firmly Internationalist but broke their short-lived coalition with the Bolsheviks when the latter signed the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk. The Bolsheviks were fairly united in opposing the war, but not all Bolsheviks were comfortable with Lenin's Revolutionary Defeatism. Before Lenin's return to Russia, Joseph Stalin had even briefly adopted a Revolutionary Defencist position. Divisions over the war vitiated the attempts occasionally made, both before and after the October Revolution, to set up an all-socialist government, from the Bolsheviks to the Popular Socialists.
Post-war impact
After World War I was over, divisions over the war could not be healed. Many internationalists wanted nothing to do with the Defencist leaders of the old Second International. Some affiliated with Lenin's communist Third International. A minority, who opposed both communism and the Second International leadership, formed the International Working Union of Socialist Parties, based in Vienna and known as the 'Second-and-a-Half International'. This included many former Internationalists, German Independent Social-Democrats like Rudolf Hilferding, Austro-Marxists like Max and Friedrich Adler, Mensheviks like Dan, centre-left SRs like Chernov and the Left SRs. Eventually this third camp dissolved; some rejoined the majority socialist parties of their countries, others the communists. The split between Defencists and Internationalists continued to fester, however, until the Second World War was on the horizon.
A belated echo of the split was the division among French socialists in the late 1930s over what attitude to take if Hitler invaded Poland. Most French socialists were firmly anti-fascist; though none contemplated the prospect of another war with Germany with joy, they were prepared to take that step if Germany attacked Poland. A minority, however, wanted to maintain peace at any cost. Some were motivated by unconditional pacifism, others by fascist sympathies which subsequently manifested themselves, as in the case of the ex-socialist and future premier of the Vichy régime, Pierre Laval.
See also
Manifesto of the Sixteen, a defencist declaration that split the international anarchist movement
Sources and links
The Defencist/Internationalist split over World War I is discussed in virtually all histories of socialism, communism, anarchism, particular socialist parties or the biographies of socialist personalities then living.
Lenin, V.I., The Tasks of the Proletariat in Our Revolution (1917) contains a critique of Revolutionary Defencism, online at: http://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1917/tasks/ch05.htm.
Lenin, V.I., The Revolution of 1917: From the March Revolution to the July Days. New York, 1929.
Gorter, H., Der Imperialismus, der Weltkrieg, und die Sozialdemokratie. Amsterdam, 1915.
Braunthal, J., Geschichte der Internationale. Dietz, 1963.
Cole, G.D.H., Communism and Social Democracy, 1914–1931. Two parts. London, 1958.
'The Second International.'
Political terminology
History of socialism
World War I
Internationalism
Skövde AIK is a Swedish football club from Skövde. It was founded on 21 June 1919. The club is currently in Superettan.
Background
Skövde AIK has played 14 seasons in second tier Swedish football, the last time being as recently as 1995 in the Division 1 Södra. Eight seasons later the club had plunged into Division 5 Västergötland Östra, the sixth tier, having been relegated 3 consecutive times between 2000 and 2002. However SAIK have made a dramatic recovery and by 2007 were back in Division 1 Södra which is now the third tier of Swedish football after 4 consecutive promotions. In 2006, Skövde AIK won the Division 2 Mellersta Götaland after defeating IK Sleipner 2–1 in the decisive final match before 2364 spectators. In 2009 the club just failed to get into the Superettan after missing out in the Promotion Playoffs.
The club is affiliated to the Västergötlands Fotbollförbund.
Season to season
Current squad
Attendances
In recent seasons Skövde AIK have had the following average attendances:
Achievements
League
Division 1 Södra:
Runners-up (1): 2009
Managers
Gunnar Reis (1958–59)
Sven "Fiskarn" Johansson (1960–1961)
Lars Daremark (1962)
C-G Bolander (1963)
Arne Selmosson (1964–68)
Lars Arnesson (1969)
Axel "Acke" Eriksson (1970)
Carl-Axel "CAS" Stenberg (1971–72)
Janne Carlsson (1973–74)
Blagoja Vucidolov (1975)
Carl-Axel "CAS" Stenberg (1976–77)
Ove Wigertz (1978)
Sven - Eric "Svenne" Johansson (1979–80)
Christer Fermvik (1981–83)
Thom Åhlund (1984–86)
Teitur Thordarson (1987)
Inge Lennartsson (1988–89)
Christer Swärd (1990–94)
Stefan Johansson (1995–96)
Francisco Verona (1997)
Gary Wright (1998)
Bengt Persson (1998)
Francisco Verona (1999–2000)
Magnus Henriksson (2001–02)
Gudmundur Magnusson (2003–07)
Stefan Jacobsson (2008–11)
Rickard Söderberg (2012–2013)
Charbel Abraham (2013)
Mikael Thorvald (2018)
Stefan Strind (2019–2020)
Mikael Lindgren (2020)
Tobias Linderoth (2021–)
Futsal
The club also has a futsal team who has won SM-guld the previous 5 years.
Honours
5 Futsal Championship: 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009
External links
Skövde AIK Official Website
Footnotes
Association football clubs established in 1919
Football clubs in Västra Götaland County
Futsal clubs in Sweden
1919 establishments in Sweden
Sport in Skövde
Franklin D. Hale (March 7, 1854 – April 21, 1940) was a Vermont politician who served as State Auditor and want on to a career as a diplomat.
Biography
Franklin Darius Hale was born in Barnet, Vermont March 7, 1854. He was educated in Concord, Vermont and attended high school, first in Northfield, and then at St. Johnsbury Academy.
In 1877 Hale graduated from the law program at the University of Michigan and became an attorney, first in Lewiston, Maine, and then in Lunenburg.
A Republican, Hale served as Essex County State's Attorney from 1883 to 1889. He served in the Vermont House of Representatives from 1884 to 1885, in the Vermont Senate from 1886 to 1887, and in the Vermont House again from 1898 to 1901.
From 1891 to 1892 Hale was town site trustee for Oklahoma City in the Oklahoma Territory. Town site trustees were appointees of the Secretary of the Interior, and were responsible to subdivide federally held land into townships as new white settlers moved into the territory.
Hale served as Vermont's Auditor of Accounts from 1892 to 1898.
From 1899 to 1900 Hale was Chief Clerk to the Treasurer of Cuba.
In the early 1900s Hale passed the exam to join the diplomatic corps and embarked on a consular career. He served as U.S. Consul in Coaticook, Quebec, Canada from 1902 to 1908. He served in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada from 1908 to 1909.
Hale was appointed Consul in Trinidad in 1909 and served until 1912.
From 1912 to 1917 Hale was Consul in Huddersfield, England.
Hale was also a poet, and authored 1929's Reveries of Vermont.
Hale died in Lyndon Center, Vermont, on April 21, 1940.
References
1854 births
1940 deaths
University of Michigan Law School alumni
State Auditors of Vermont
Vermont lawyers
State's attorneys in Vermont
American consuls
People from Barnet, Vermont
People from Caledonia County, Vermont
Vermont state senators
Members of the Vermont House of Representatives
Vermont Republicans
Poets from Vermont
{{Album ratings
| rev1 = AllMusic
| rev1Score = <ref>{{cite web|url=https://www.allmusic.com/album/together-mw0000691369|title=Together|work=AllMusic|accessdate=2018-11-05}}</ref>
|rev2 = Christgau's Record Guide|rev2Score = C
}}Together is the tenth studio album by Anne Murray, released in November 1975. The album reached number 15 on the U.S. country album charts and #142 on the pop albums charts. It was one of Murray's few albums during this time period that did not chart in Canada. Two singles were released from the album: "The Call" (also sometimes referred to as "Long Distance Call"), which reached #19 and #6 on the U.S. country and A/C singles charts respectively, and "Sunday Sunrise", which reached #49 on the country singles charts, and #13 on the A/C singles charts. "The Call" was a rerecording of a song, which Murray had originally included on her Honey, Wheat and Laughter'' album in 1970. This album also has the distinction of having the great Dusty Springfield doing backup vocals.
Track listing
"If It's All Right With You" (Gene MacLellan)
"Sunday Sunrise" (Mark James)
"Out On The Road Again" (Steve Eaton)
"Part-Time Love" (David Gates)
"The Call" (Gene MacLellan)
"Everything Old Is New Again" (Peter Allen, Carole Bayer Sager)
"Lady Bug" (James Stein)
"Player In The Band" (Brenda Russell, Brian Gordon Russell)
"Blue Finger Lou" (Alan O'Day)
"Together" (Buddy G. De Sylva, Lew Brown, Ray Henderson)
Production
Songs arranged and conducted by Michael Omartian, Lee Holdridge and Artie Butler.
References
1975 albums
Anne Murray albums
Capitol Records albums
EMI Records albums
Albums arranged by Lee Holdridge
Albums produced by Tom Catalano
Lin Li, FREng, CEng, FIET, FLIA, FCIRP (), is a professor of laser engineering at the University of Manchester.
Early life
Li earned his BSc in control engineering from Dalian University of Technology in 1982 and his PhD in laser engineering from Imperial College, London in 1989.
Career
Li worked as a postdoctoral research associate in high power laser engineering at the University of Liverpool from 1988 to 1994. He joined UMIST in 1994, where he established the first high-power laser processing research laboratory and its associated research group. He became a full professor in 2000. He invented the microsphere super-resolution optical nanoscope with a 50 nm resolution and has 47 patents in the field of laser processing and photonic science. His current research relates to the use of graphene in welding.
He is a fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering, the Institute of Engineering and Technology, the Laser Institute of America, the International Academy for Production Engineering, and a Chartered Engineer.
In 2017 it was announced that the LIG Nanowise, a spin-off company from the University of Manchester chaired by Li, had invented new microscopy techniques that can quadruple the resolution of optical microscopes.
Awards
His awards include:
Arthur Charles Main Award from the Institute of Mechanical Engineers in 2001 for work in laser based nuclear decommissioning technology
Sir Frank Whittle Medal from the Royal Academy of Engineering in 2013 for achievements in engineering innovations in manufacturing
Wolfson Research Merit Award of the Royal Society for his research into laser nano-fabrication and nano-imaging, 2014.
Researcher of the Year in Engineering and Physical Sciences at The University of Manchester in 2014.
References
Academics of the University of Manchester
Dalian University of Technology alumni
Alumni of Imperial College London
Academics of the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology
Laser researchers
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Living people
Fellows of the Institute of Engineering and Technology
Chinese emigrants to England
Year of birth missing (living people)
External Links
University of Manchester Staff Profile
ResearchGate Profile
Xiao Zhi (; born on May 28, 1985) is a Chinese professional footballer who currently plays for China League Two club Qingdao Hainiu as a striker.
Club career
Xiao Zhi started his football career with second tier football club Nanjing Yoyo, where he would establish himself as a regular within the team before he was sold to his local football club Henan Jianye for 1.3 million Yuan. With his new club he would play within the top tier and make his debut for them on March 11, 2007 when he made his first league appearance against Beijing Guoan in a 0-0 draw. Due to his versatility to play as a winger or striker he would find significant playing time and score his first goal against Changchun Yatai on November 4, 2007 in a 3-2 victory. By the end of season he would make 23 league appearances and though these often came as a substitute he would still play a large part in Henan's establishment in the Chinese Super League.
On January 27, 2016, Xiao transferred to fellow Chinese Super League side Guangzhou R&F. He would make his debut in a league game against Hebei China Fortune F.C. on 4 March 2016 in a 2-1 defeat. In his first campaign he played 25 times in the league that season, scoring six goals. Xiao signed a contract extension with R&F on January 25, 2017.
On 17 July 2020, Xiao joined Tianjin TEDA. He would make his debut in a league game against Shanghai SIPG F.C. on 27 July 2020 in a game that ended in a 3-1 defeat.
International career
On June 7, 2017, Xiao made his debut and scored for the Chinese national team in an 8–1 win against the Philippines.
Career statistics
Club
Statistics accurate as of match played 31 December 2020.
International
Scores and results list China's goal tally first.
Honours
Club
Henan Jianye
China League One: 2013
References
External links
Player stats at sohu.com
Squad profile at Henan Jianye website
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Luoyang
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Henan
Nanjing Yoyo players
Henan Songshan Longmen F.C. players
Guangzhou City F.C. players
Tianjin Jinmen Tiger F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
China international footballers
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
The Potawatomi Conservatories (also called the South Bend Conservatories) is a set of three indoor conservatories and botanical gardens in South Bend, Indiana, in the United States: The Ella Morris Conservatory; the Muessel-Ellison Botanical Conservatory, and the Muessel-Ellison Desert Dome.
History
The original conservatory, the Potawatomi Greenhouse, was built by Lord & Burnham in the 1920s and was originally built as eight growing houses to raise plants for South Bend city parks and conservatories and floral shows in the region. The Ella Morris Conservatory and Muessel-Ellison Botanical Conservatory were built in the 1960s. The Desert Dome was built in 1973. Today, the conservatories are part of Potawatomi Park, which includes the Potawatomi Zoo.
In 2006, the Conservatories were almost closed due for financial reasons, specifically government budget cuts and the costs for heating the spaces. In response, the Botanical Society of South Bend took over management of the facilities. The facilities closed for renovations in 2011, which cost an estimated $1.2 million. Renovations included updating the heating, plumbing and electrical systems. The facilities also received wall repairs, new paint, windows and floors, ADA compliant bathrooms, a new potting room, and a mechanical room. The latter three updates added 1,600 square feet to the facilities. A new parking lot, sidewalk, and signage were also installed. The facilities reopened in May 2012.
Gardens
The Muessel-Ellison Botanical Conservatory has introduced species including birds of paradise and bougainvillea. The Ella Morris Conservatory focuses on tropical and subtropical flora. Finally, the Desert Dome focuses on cacti, succulents and other desert plants from the Sonoran Desert, including a monkey puzzle tree.
See also
List of botanical gardens and arboretums in Indiana
References
External links
Botanical gardens in Indiana
Buildings and structures in South Bend, Indiana
Tourist attractions in South Bend, Indiana
Greenhouses in Indiana
Drosophila endobranchia is a species of fly in the family Drosophilidae. The species, which is endemic to Grand Cayman, was discovered in 1966 and not found again until 2007, when it was rediscovered in the mouth region of a land crab.
Habitat
Like most drosophilid flies, D. endobranchia feeds on microbes. Peculiarly, this and two other species have colonized land crabs. While the Christmas Island fly Lissocephala powelli lives on both true crabs and Anomura (for example Birgus latro, the robber crab), D. endobranchia and the closely related D. carcinophila live on gecarcinid crabs such as the black Gecarcinus ruricola and the red G. lateralis. D. endobranchia prefers G. ruricola. One reason could be that G. lateralis digs its own burrows, which could lead to problems for the flies living on its surface.
Biology
D. endobranchia is closely associated with its crab host, with one to six flies found per infected crab. Adults hardly move at all, let alone fly, and are extremely reluctant to leave their fast-paced host. Courting and mating take place on the crab, and territories are defended between males. The eggs are placed around the crab's eyes. The hatched larvae migrate to the nephric pads and feed on microbes responsible for cleansing urine from nitrogenous compounds. From the second instar on, the larvae migrate to the gill chamber, where they stay up to several months. At the third instar they return to the mouth parts where they form a halo around the mouth opening. They later fall to the ground to pupate.
At least three quarters of adult D. endobranchia found on land crabs were males. It is not clear whether this species has a skewed sex ratio, or whether females only visit crabs, or frequently switch host crabs.
Host crabs are found using olfactory cues, but the substance or substances responsible for this are not known.
Conservation
Habitat destruction and hunting pose a threat to the long-term survival of black crabs on Grand Cayman, and thus also to their fly guests. It has therefore been proposed to classify host and guest as vulnerable.
References
Further reading
e
Endemic fauna of the Cayman Islands
Insects described in 1968
Parasites of crustaceans
Wabash College is a private liberal arts men's college in Crawfordsville, Indiana. Founded in 1832 by several Dartmouth College graduates and Midwestern leaders, it enrolls nearly 900 students. The college offers an undergraduate liberal arts curriculum in three academic divisions with 39 majors.
History
The college was initially named "The Wabash Teachers Seminary and Manual Labor College", a name shortened to its current form by 1851. Many of the founders were Presbyterian ministers, yet nevertheless believed that Wabash should be independent and non-sectarian. Patterning it after the liberal arts colleges of New England, they resolved "that the institution be at first a classical and English high school, rising into a college as soon as the wants of the country demand."
Among these ministers was Caleb Mills, who became Wabash College's first faculty member. Dedicated to education in the then-primitive Mississippi Valley area, he would come to be known as the father of the Indiana public education system.
Elihu W. Baldwin, the first president of the college, served from 1835 until 1840. He came from a church in New York City and accepted the presidency even though he knew that Wabash was at that time threatened with bankruptcy. After his death, he was succeeded by Charles White, a graduate of Dartmouth College and the brother-in-law of Rev. Edmund Otis Hovey (1801–1877), a professor at the college. Joseph F. Tuttle, who became president of Wabash College in 1862 and served for 30 years, worked with his administrators to improve town-gown relations in Crawfordsville. Gronert described him "an eloquent preacher, a sound administrator and an astute handler of public relations." He is the namesake of Tuttle Grade School in Crawfordsville (1906) and Tuttle Junior High School, now Tuttle Middle School (1960). Dr. Scott E. Feller, Dean of the college from 2014 to 2020 and chemistry professor at Wabash since 1998, became the 17th President of Wabash College on July 1, 2020.
During World War II, Wabash College was one of 131 colleges and universities that offered students a path to a Navy commission as part of the V-12 Navy College Training Program.
In the early 1900s, the college closed its "Preparatory School", which prepared incoming students from less-rigorous rural high schools that lacked the courses required for entrance to the college.
In 1996, Wabash became the first college in America to stage Tony Kushner's Angels in America.
Academics
Curriculum
Wabash College's curriculum is divided into three: Division I, Division II, and Division III representing the natural sciences, humanities and arts, and social sciences respectively. Wabash offers 25 academic programs as majors and 32 accompanying minors.
Comprehensive exams
Seniors at Wabash College take a three-day comprehensive exam in their major subject area. There are two days of written exams and one day of oral exams. The two days of written exams differ by major, but the oral exams are relatively uniform. A senior meets with three professors, one from his major, another from his minor and a third professor who represents an outside perspective, and can be from any discipline. Over the course of an hour a senior answers questions from the professors which can relate to anything during his studies at Wabash. A senior must pass the comprehensive examinations in order to be eligible for a degree.
Student life
Student culture and traditions
Tradition begins early at Wabash College, and continues throughout one's college career. On "Ringing In Saturday", incoming students are addressed by the dean of students, the dean of admissions, the president of the alumni association, and the college president and are "rung in" by the president, using the same bell that Caleb Mills used to call students to class. On Homecoming weekend, students are given the opportunity to show how well they know the college fight song (Old Wabash) during "Chapel Sing".
Rhyneship was a freshman orientation program that took first semester freshmen, "rhynes" and acculturated them to Wabash. While some aspects of rhyneship were less visible, the most visible was the wearing of the "rhynie pot", a green hat with a red bill. When approaching a member of the faculty or Senior Council, the freshman would dip his pot as a sign of respect. This tradition is carried on by the pledges of the Phi Delta Theta Fraternity. Rhyneship is continued through the Sphinx Club, a secret society made up of campus leaders, which aims to unite the campus, honor traditions, and create an atmosphere of support and prestige. Sphinx Club members don white "pots" to distinguish themselves on campus.
Student government
The student government, referred to collectively as the Student Body of Wabash College, comprises executive and legislative branches.
Student organizations
Student organizations at Wabash receive funding and recognition from the Student Senate. This funding in turn comes from a student activities fee, which every attendee of the college must pay each semester. The student paper of Wabash College is The Bachelor and has been publishing since the early 1900s.
Gentleman's rule
Rather than an explicit student code of conduct, Wabash has a single rule:
The college says that this rule is its oldest tradition.
Fraternities
The first fraternity appeared at Wabash in 1846 and has been on campus continuously since. It was quickly followed by others. Many of the traditions of the college were begun and are maintained by the fraternities, both individually and collectively. On average, 50–60% of students belong to one of the campus's ten national fraternities. Unlike most other colleges and universities, Wabash fraternity members – including pledges and associate members – live in the fraternity houses by default. Most Greek students live in their respective house all four years. This has led to the odd circumstance of a college with fewer than 1,000 students dotted with Greek houses of a size appropriate to campuses ten times Wabash's size. The fraternity chapters range in size from about 40 to 70 members each.
The college and the fraternity system have created a somewhat symbiotic relationship that differs from most other colleges and universities. The college believes that the system largely accomplishes the task of quickly involving new students in the life of the college while also providing leadership opportunities for a larger number of students. All fraternity houses on campus, except one, are owned by the college. In 2008, freshman Johnny D. Smith died of alcohol poisoning while pledging at Delta Tau Delta. Wabash College shut down the fraternity and revoked the lease on their house. In 2009, the college and the fraternities' alumni associations completed a 10-year effort to rebuild or renovate the chapter houses. At the same time, the college realized that fraternity life is not right for each student. The re-building project also renovated most of the campus dormitories.
Active fraternities
Beta Theta Pi (ΒΘΠ)
Delta Tau Delta (ΔΤΔ)
Kappa Sigma (ΚΣ)
Lambda Chi Alpha (ΛΧΑ)
Phi Delta Theta (ΦΔΘ)
Phi Gamma Delta (ΦΓΔ or FIJI)
Phi Kappa Psi (ΦΚΨ)
Sigma Chi (ΣΧ)
Theta Delta Chi (ΘΔΧ)
Tau Kappa Epsilon (ΤΚΕ)
Co-curricular activities
Wabash Democracy & Public Discourse (WDPD)
The WDPD initiative advances the kinds of deliberation, discussion, debate, and advocacy that cultivate democracy. Its goals are to teach constructive practices of engagement and communication, stimulate productive public discourse on campus and in the community, develop civic leadership through participation in public life, and promote the free speech rights and responsibilities of every individual. Students in WDPD work with campus and community partners to design and facilitate public engagement events, such as community forums, dialogues, public deliberations. Students involved with WDPD leave Wabash with advanced, applied skills in oral and written communication, leadership, public affairs, and civic awareness that will enable them to contribute more productively to their communities, to their workplaces, and to their personal relationships.
Global Health Initiative
Digital Arts & Human Values
Wabash College Glee Club
The tradition of singing at Wabash College dates back to its earliest years; the Wabash College Glee Club and Mandolin Society was established in 1892 (as evidenced by a photograph and membership list in that year's Ouiatenon). Not much is known about the early years of the Glee Club; that changed when R. Robert Mitchum joined the faculty as Glee Club Director in 1947. Mitchum led the group until 1969. The Glee Club celebrated its 125th anniversary on September 30, 2017, with a dinner and concert.
Endowment
As of Aug. 1, 2021, the value of Wabash's endowment was approximately $400 million, which places Wabash among the richest colleges in the nation in per-student endowment. The endowment was created primarily over the past 70 years using major campaigns and estate planning with alumni. Major donors include the pharmaceutical industrialist Eli Lilly, the company his grandfather founded, his heirs, and the Lilly Endowment. The school's library is named after him as are a number of premier scholarships including the Lilly Award, the college's most prestigious scholarship established in 1974 to honor the Eli Lilly family and recognize young men of outstanding character, creativity, and academic accomplishment. During the most recent capital campaign, "Challenge of Excellence", between fall 2010 and 1 October 2012, the college raised $68 million, exceeding the original goal of $60 million.
Athletics
The school's sports teams are called the Little Giants. They participate in the NCAA's Division III and in the North Coast Athletic Conference for all but one of their 12 varsity sports. The only exception is volleyball, the school's newest varsity sport, which was added in advance of the 2021 season (2020–21 school year). Since the NCAC sponsors volleyball only for women, the Little Giants play that sport in the single-sport Midwest Collegiate Volleyball League. Every year since 1911, Wabash College has played rival DePauw University in a football game called the Monon Bell Classic. The rallying cheer of Wabash College athletics is "Wabash always fights". Wabash College competes in men's intercollegiate baseball, basketball, tennis, cross-country, lacrosse, track and field, golf, football, soccer, swimming and diving, volleyball, and wrestling.
The basketball team at Wabash was formerly coached by legendary Malcolm "Mac" Petty, who retired after 35 seasons at Wabash. Wabash won the 1981–82 NCAA Division III title (the school's only national title) with a 24–4 record. Wabash won the first national intercollegiate championship basketball tournament ever held in 1922.
Football at Wabash dates back to 1884, when student-coach Edwin R. Taber assembled a team and defeated Butler University by a score of 4–0 in the first intercollegiate football game in the history of the state of Indiana. The current head football coach is Don Morel.
In the summer of 2010, Wabash reconstructed Mud Hollow and Byron P. Hollett Stadium to provide the football, soccer, baseball and intramural teams with better athletic facilities.
Monon Bell Classic
Voted "Indiana's Best College Sports Rivalry" by viewers of ESPN in 2005, DePauw University and Wabash College play each November – in the last regular season football game of the year for both teams – for the right to keep or reclaim the Monon Bell. The two teams first met in 1890. In 1932, the Monon Railroad donated its approximately 300-pound locomotive bell to be offered as the prize to the winning team each year. The series is as close as a historic rivalry can be: Wabash leads the series 62–54–9. The game routinely sells out (up to 11,000 seats, depending upon the venue and seating arrangement) and has been televised by ABC, ESPN2, and HDNet. Each year, alumni from both schools gather at more than 50 locations around the United States for telecast parties and a commemorative DVD (including historic clips known as "Monon Memories") is produced each year. The final score of the 2017 Monon Bell Classic was Wabash 22, DePauw 21. The Wabash Little Giants currently have won eight of the last nine contests.
In 1999, GQ listed the Monon Bell game as reason number three on its "50 Reasons Why College Football is Better Than Pro Football" list.
National rankings
In 2020 Wabash was ranked joint 54th best liberal arts college in the annual U.S. News & World Report. Wabash College is also listed in Loren Pope's Colleges That Change Lives.
Notable people
See also
Modular Neutron Array
1922 National Intercollegiate Basketball Tournament
References
Gronert, Theodore G. (1958). Sugar Creek Saga: A History and Development of Montgomery County. Wabash College.
Harvey, Robert S., ed. (1982). These Fleeting Years: Wabash College 1832–1982. Crawfordsville: R.R. Donnelley & Sons Co.
External links
1832 establishments in Indiana
Buildings and structures in Montgomery County, Indiana
Education in Montgomery County, Indiana
Educational institutions established in 1832
Liberal arts colleges in Indiana
Men's universities and colleges in the United States
American manual labor schools
Private universities and colleges in Indiana
Crawfordsville, Indiana
Eber Edward Simpson (July 24, 1895 – December 19, 1964) was an American football, basketball and baseball player, football coach, and physician. He attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where he starred in football, basketball, and baseball. He also played college football at Washington University in St. Louis, from which he earned a medical degree.
Simpson played football professionally in the National Football League (NFL) for the St. Louis All-Stars in 1923. He practiced medicine in St. Louis for 35 years before retiring in 1955.
Biography
Simpson was born on July 24, 1895 in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. In 1919, he was appointed assistant football coach at Washington University in St. Louis under head football coach R. B. Rutherford. He coached football at East St. Louis Senior High School in East St. Louis, Illinois from 1922 to 1925.
Simpson died at his home in Oshkosh on December 19, 1964.
References
External links
1895 births
1964 deaths
20th-century American physicians
American men's basketball players
American football quarterbacks
St. Louis All-Stars players
Washington University Bears football coaches
Washington University Bears football players
Wisconsin Badgers baseball players
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Wisconsin Badgers men's basketball players
High school football coaches in Illinois
All-American college men's basketball players
Washington University School of Medicine alumni
People from Oshkosh, Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
Basketball players from Wisconsin
Baseball players from Wisconsin
Physicians from Missouri
This is the list of cathedrals in Poland sorted by denomination.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Poland:
Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Białystok
Cathedral of St. Nicholas in Bielsko-Biała
Co-Cathedral of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Żywiec
Cathedral of St. Martin and St. Nicholas in Bydgoszcz
Basilica of Our Lady of Licheń in Licheń
Cathedral Basilica of the Holy Family in Częstochowa
Cathedral of the Most Holy Trinity in Drohiczyn
Co-Cathedral of the Immaculate Heart of Mary in Sokołów Podlaski
Cathedral of St. Nicholas in Elbląg
Co-Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist in Kwidzyn
Co-Cathedral of St. Adalbert in Prabuty
Cathedral of St. Adalbert in Ełk
Co-Cathedral of Mary Mother of the Church in Gołdap
Co-Cathedral of St. Alexander in Suwałki
Cathedral Basilica of the Most Holy Trinity (Assumption) in Oliwa
Co-Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Gdańsk
Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul in Gliwice
Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St. Adalbert in Gniezno
Cathedral of St. Nicholas in Kalisz
Co-Cathedral of St. Stanislaus in Ostrów Wielkopolski
Cathedral of Christ the King in Katowice
Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Kielce
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Koszalin
Co-Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Kołobrzeg
Cathedral Basilica of St. Stanislaus and St. Wenceslaus in Kraków
Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul in Legnica
Cathedral Basilica of St. Stanislaus Kostka in Łódź
Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel in Łomża
Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St. Nicholas in Łowicz
Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Lublin
Cathedral Basilica of the Holy Cross in Opole
Cathedral of Queen of Poland in Warszawa
Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Pelplin
Cathedral Basilica of the Blessed Virgin mary of Masovia in Płock
Cathedral Basilica of Sts. Peter and Paul in Poznań
Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St. John the Baptist in Przemyśl
Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Przemyśl (Ukrainian Rite)
Cathedral of the Protection of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Radom
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Rzeszów
Cathedral Basilica of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Sandomierz
Co-Cathedral Basilica of Mary Queen of Poland in Stalowa Wola
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Siedlce
Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Sosnowiec
Cathedral of St. Stanislaus and St. Wenceslaus in Świdnica
Cathedral Basilica of St. James the Apostle in Szczecin
Co-Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Kamień Pomorski
Cathedral Basilica of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Tarnów
Cathedral Basilica of St. John the Baptist in Toruń
Co-Cathedral Basilica of the Most Holy Trinity in Chełmża
Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of the Assumption and St. Andrew in Frombork
Co-Cathedral Basilica of St. James in Olsztyn
Cathedral Basilica of St. John the Baptist in Warszawa
Cathedral Basilica of St. Michael the Archangel and St. Florian in Warszawa
Co-Cathedral of Our Lady of Victory in Warszawa
Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Włocławek
Cathedral Basilica of St. John the Baptist in Wrocław
Cathedral of St. Vincent and St. James in Wrocław (Ukrainian Rite)
Co-Cathedral of St. Bartholomew and St. Mary Protection in Gdańsk (Ukrainian Rite)
Cathedral of the Resurrection and St. Thomas the Apostle in Zamość
Co-Cathedral Shrine of St. Stanislaus in Lubaczów
Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Gorzów Wielkopolski
Co-Cathedral of St. Hedwig in Zielona Góra
Eastern Orthodox
Cathedrals of the Polish Orthodox Church:
Cathedral of St. Nicholas in Białystok
Cathedral of St. Alexander Nevsky in Łódź
Cathedral of the Transfiguration in Lublin
Cathedral of the Holy Trinity in Sanok
Cathedral of St. Mary Magdalene in Warsaw
Provisional Field Cathedral of St. Nicholas the Wonderworker in Warsaw
Cathedral of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Wrocław
See also
Lists of cathedrals
Christianity in Poland
References
Cathedrals in Poland
Poland
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
Chumburung is a kingdom and traditional area in the western part of Kpandae District in the Northern Region of Ghana. It is the homeland of the Chumburu, but Bassari, Gonjas, Kokombas and Nawuri(s) are also indigenous in the area. Land, however, can only be acquired with the permission of the village chief and the king, who are both natives and officials of the Chumburung kingdom. Chumburung is also the name of the language of the Chumburu.
The kingdom of Chumburung encompasses a number of villages at both sides of the Dakar River, from Kojobonipe in the North to Lonto in the South-West and Wiae in the East, both on the shores of Lake Volta. Other towns and villages in the kingdom, roughly from North to South, are Ekumdepe (Kumdi for short), Ba(n)kamba, Chakori, Nanjiro, Tori, Jamboae and Kachanka.
Chumburung is remote from the modern world in many senses. The few roads that exist in the area can only be plied by heavy vehicles, such as lorries, Benz buses in good condition, strong pick-ups and 4WD vehicles. Since few inhabitants can afford such means of transport for private use, the most popular vehicle is the motorcycle. Public transport consists of one Benz daily between Kpandae and Salaga (leaving Kpandae at dawn, arriving in Salaga around 10 a.m., and returning in the afternoon) and one Benz bus daily between Banda and Salaga, serving almost all the villages of Chumburung (leaving Banda at dawn and also returning in the afternoon).
Up to now (April, 2014), Chumburung is not connected to any electricity network and few inhabitants have their own generators, but Volta River Authority is in the process of connecting some of the towns to its grid. The only telephone company that is active in the area is MTN, but inhabitants of Wiae may get coverage from the Airtel Africa pole in Banda.
The first schools in Chumburung were set up by Ashanti teachers in the 1980s; they were later followed by others who started to teach in the local languages including Chumburung.
References
Ethnic groups in Ghana
History of Ghana
Former monarchies of Africa
Northern Region (Ghana)
Former countries in Africa
AudioCodes Ltd. is a provider of advanced communications software, products and productivity solutions. Its services enable enterprises and service providers to build and operate all-IP voice networks for unified communications (UC), contact centers and hosted business services. Founded in 1993 by Shabtai Adlersberg and Leon Bialik, AudioCodes is listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange (NASDAQ: AUDC) and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange.
AudioCodes' international headquarters and R&D facilities are located in Israel, with international branch offices.
More than 60 of the world's top 100 service providers use AudioCodes technology, including AT&T, Verizon, BT, DT and Telefónica.
Solutions
AudioCodes supplies suites of solutions for the enterprise and service provider markets. These include One Voice for Microsoft 365 to accelerate the voice-enablement of Microsoft Teams.
Products
AudioCodes' product portfolio includes:
The Mediant family of multi-service business routers (MSBR).
The 400HD series of IP phones.
Management and monitoring software.
Voca Call Automation.
Partnerships
Most of AudioCodes' sales are carried out through a global network of channel partners, resellers and system integrators. Today, AudioCodes' partner network consists of over 1000 resellers in more than 100 countries.
Acquisitions
2003 – Nortel Networks' Universal Audio Server (UAS) product group
2004 – Ai-Logix
2006 – Nuera
2006 – Netrake Corporation
2007 – CTI Squared Ltd. ("CTI2")
2010 – NSC
2013 – MailVision
2021 - Callverso
See also
List of VoIP companies
VoIP, SIP, SIP trunking, voice gateways, SBC, MSBR, WebRTC, Microsoft Lync, white papers, Genesys, contact center, BroadSoft, management systems, service providers, broadband.
References
External links
Companies established in 1993
VoIP companies of Israel
Electronics companies of Israel
Telecommunications equipment vendors
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
The Venezuela men's national 3x3 team is a national basketball team of Venezuela, administered by the Federación Venezolana de Baloncesto.
It represents the country in international 3x3 (3 against 3) basketball competitions.
The team competed at the 2019 World Beach Games in Doha, Qatar.
See also
Venezuela women's national 3x3 team
Venezuela men's national basketball team
References
3x3
Men's national 3x3 basketball teams
Mount Roer () is an isolated mountain, 2,085 m, standing 7 nautical miles (13 km) west of Fuglefjellet in the Sverdrup Mountains, Queen Maud Land. Photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59). Named for Nils Roer, surveyor with the NBSAE.
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Antony "Tony" John Sainsbury OBE has been the chef de mission of the British Paralympic team at five Paralympic Games, and was the chef de mission of the Independent Paralympic Athletes Team at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
Career
Tony Sainsbury has been the chef de mission of the British Paralympic team at five Paralympic Games. In 1995, Sainsbury was awarded an OBE for "services to sport for disabled people", and he has also received the Paralympic Order. Sainsbury has been an honorary Vice-President of the British Paralympic Association, and has also worked as the Director of Sport at the University of Manchester.
In the 1970s he was a member of the Manchester Disabled Athletes sports club. At the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, Sainsbury was appointed the Vice-President of the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation. Sainsbury was also the Athletes' Village Manager for the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games, during which time he said that "the Paralympics which were formed in London in 1948 were coming back home to the country it all started", and that he expected the atmosphere at the Athletes' Village to be "focused and low-key". He was also the general manager of the athletes' village for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, and in February 2016, he spoke at an event commemorating the twentieth anniversary of the formation of the National Paralympic Committee of Azerbaijan Republic.
In August 2016, Sainsbury was announced as the chef de mission for the Independent Paralympic Athletes Team at the 2016 Summer Paralympics; the team comprised S10 swimmer Ibrahim Al Hussein and T37 discus thrower Shahrad Nasajpour. Speaking at the announcement of the Independent Paralympic Athletes team, Sainsbury said that "These athletes will help to raise awareness of the plight of thousands of refugees and asylum seekers who make difficult decisions and journeys, often with impairments."
Publications
Sainsbury wrote a 1998 publication to the British Olympic Academy about the history of disabled sport. The publication included mentions of the founding of the Comité International des Sports des Sourds (CISS) in 1924, which lead to the 1924 Summer Deaflympics. Sainsbury also reviewed the Olympic and Paralympic athlete villages from 1988 to 2000; Sainsbury said that the sales at the 1988 Paralympics had surprised locals, who had expected that the Paralympic supporters "had no buying power and would be more of a nuisance". He rated the facilities for the athletes at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona as "exceptional" and the best prior to the 2000 Paralympics in Sydney. Sainsbury questioned the organisation of the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta. He reviewed the 2000 Paralympics venues as outstanding, due to the support of the local population and ticket sales.
References
British sports executives and administrators
Paralympic Games
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Academics of the University of Manchester
Tynan is a civil parish in Northern Ireland.
Tynan may also refer to:
Places
Tynan, Texas
People
Bill Tynan (born 1940), British Member of Parliament
Katharine Tynan (1859–1931), Irish writer
Kenneth Tynan (1927–1980), English theatre critic and writer
Ronan Tynan (born 1960), Irish tenor singer
T. J. Tynan (born 1992), American ice hockey player
Elliott Knob is one of the highest mountains in the northern portions of the U.S. state of Virginia. At , the peak is located on the ridge known as Great North Mountain. A subpeak known simply as "Hogback" () is located to the southwest. A small, naturally growing stand of red spruce trees is on the summit, and the upper slopes also have yellow birch and sugar maple, indicating that the altitude is just high enough to support tree species normally found hundreds of miles to the north. Otherwise oak and hickory trees are the most common types found on the mountain. The mountain is entirely within George Washington and Jefferson National Forests.
The area around the mountain is inhabited by a wide array of fauna including black bears, white-tailed deer and the elusive bobcat.
A primitive jeep trail ascends the mountain from the east but it is also closed to public vehicles. The jeep trail is used by the Forest Service to gain access to a (closed) fire lookout on the summit and is very steep, rising over in less than . Just to the south of the mountain lies the town of Augusta Springs, Virginia, which is below the summit. The only access for the public is on foot and along with the jeep trail, several other trails can be used to ascend to the top, each averaging in length and climbing up to from the trailheads. A small grassy cove is on the top and there is a spring below the summit which flows year round as well as a small man-made pond not far from the spring.
Right beside the base of the fire tower there is a National Geodetic Survey triangulation station disk. The entire firetower structure is enclosed within a fence with barbed wire at the top. However, there is evidence of people gaining entry in the form of holes under the fence and loose sections where the fence can be pulled up high enough for a person to crawl under, since the ground is only covered with grass in that area of the summit.
Recreation
Elliott Knob is a popular day hike of for Boy Scouts who attend Camp Shenandoah. The route for the Grindstone 100 Miler ultramarathon includes the summit of Elliot Knob.
Gallery
References
Mountains of Virginia
Mountains of Augusta County, Virginia
Harlan Lattimore (November 25, 1908- July 1980), was a popular African-American singer with several jazz orchestras of the 1930s, most notably Don Redman's. Starting in 1932, singing in the Don Redman Orchestra, Harlem nightclub Connie's Inn marketed Lattimore as the "colored Bing Crosby" [sic].
Biography
Lattimore was born in 1908 in Cincinnati, where he built his reputation as a singer on that city's WLW radio station. By March 1932, he had arrived on the New York City music scene, and began his recording career with Fletcher Henderson's band. Not long afterwards, Lattimore was signed by Don Redman as his vocalist. This association lasted until 1936.
His style of singing, as well as the timbre of his voice, closely resembling that of Bing Crosby, earned him recording dates with some of the top studio and dance bands of the era, most notably those of Victor Young, Abe Lyman, and Isham Jones, as well a number of dates as vocalist for a number of generic dance records for ARC (on Melotone, Banner, Oriole, Romeo, and Perfect).
With the exposure of Lattimore to the public through radio broadcasts (with Don Redman), recordings and an appearance in a Vitaphone short subject film (with Redman), it seemed a foregone conclusion that he was headed for stardom. This was not to be.
Lattimore's behavior became unreliable and erratic in the mid-1930s, and he made his last recordings with Redman in 1936. After service in World War II, he dropped out of the music scene. On November 11, 1949, he appeared at Carnegie Hall in what was billed as a comeback, produced by Don Redman.
Although the name Lattimore is now looked upon as a footnote in American popular music, he was pioneering African-American singer who established a style and role later filled by such musical luminaries as Billy Eckstine and Nat King Cole.
The 1933 Vitaphone short, Don Redman and his Orchestra, is included on the Warner Brothers DVD of Dames, where he sings a beautiful rendition of Harold Arlen's "Ill Wind", which the Redman band never recorded.
References
1908 births
1980 deaths
American jazz singers
Parlophone artists
20th-century American singers
Fabio De Crignis (born 7 April 1968) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
Career
In his career in the World Cup has achieved 20 top 10 results and two podiums, all these in slalom. He finished 2nd in the 1989–90 FIS Alpine Ski Europa Cup overall.
World Cup results
Podiums
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers of Fiamme Gialle
Ingo Kindervater (born 1 January 1979) is a retired badminton player from Germany and now the Head of Performance for Badminton Scotland.
Career
Ingo was the men's doubles bronze medallist at the 2008 European Championships partnered with Kristof Hopp, and in 2010 with Michael Fuchs.
In 2012, he qualified for the London Olympics with Johannes Schöttler after gaining 43529.339 points during the qualifying period and reaching 18th in the BWF World Ranking. On 23 July the draw was conducted and Kindervater and Schöttler were placed in Group A alongside Cai Yun/Fu Haifeng, Fang Chieh Min/Lee Sheng Mu, and Ross Smith/Glenn Warfe.
He won the 2012 Bitburger Open in the men's doubles with his partner Johannes Schöttler after beating Chris Langridge and Peter Mills 21–15, 21–11.
After retiring in 2013, Kindervater finished his diploma in Economics before becoming National Doubles Coach for the German Badminton Association. Kindervater supported the German Badminton Olympic Team as a coach in the Rio 2016 Olympics.
After 6 years in this position, Ingo relocated to Edinburgh, Scotland, where he took the post of Head of Performance with Badminton Scotland.
Achievements
European Championships
Men's doubles
BWF Superseries
The BWF Superseries, launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF). BWF Superseries has two level such as Superseries and Superseries Premier. A season of Superseries features twelve tournaments around the world, which introduced since 2011, with successful players invited to the Superseries Finals held at the year end.
Men's doubles
BWF Superseries Finals tournament
BWF Superseries Premier tournament
BWF Superseries tournament
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix has two levels: Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It is a series of badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007. The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) since 1983.
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF & IBF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
References
External links
Living people
1979 births
People from Burgwedel
German male badminton players
Olympic badminton players of Germany
Badminton players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Lower Saxony
Nifiloli is an island in the Reef Islands (Latitude: 10° 10' 60 S, Longitude: 166° 13' 60 E), in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu. The estimated terrain elevation above sea level is 19 metres. Despite its location in Melanesia, the population of the islands is Polynesian.
The language spoken on Nifiloli is Pileni language.
References
External links
Nifiloli on Solomonislands.com.sb
Geonames page with satellite map
Islands of the Solomon Islands
Polynesian outliers
Hethidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
Genera:
Tutunema Hunt, 1998
References
Nematodes
The 1974–75 season saw Rochdale compete in the Football League Fourth Division, following relegation the previous season.
Statistics
|}
Final League Table
Competitions
Football League Fourth Division
F.A. Cup
League Cup
References
Rochdale A.F.C. seasons
Rochdale
Mizhigli (; Kaitag: Мижигъла; Dargwa: Мижгъели) is a rural locality (a selo) in Shilyaginsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 382 as of 2010. There are 21 streets.
Geography
Mizhigli is located 7 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Dzhigiya, Shilyagi and Kulidzha are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Sant'Andrea Apostolo dello lonio is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Geography
The town of Sant'Andrea is bordered by the river Alaca to the north, the Ionian Sea to the east, the river Salùbro in the south, and the foothills of the Calabrian Apennines in the west. The village lies in the hills of La Maddalena and Lipantana Cerasia. Sant'Andrea municipal hall sits at an elevation of 330 meters above sea level.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
One Fearful Yellow Eye (1966) is the eighth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot revolves around McGee's attempts to aid his longtime friend Glory Doyle in her quest to uncover the truth about her late husband and the blackmail which made over half a million dollars of his fortune disappear. It is largely set in Chicago, rather than the usual McGee haunt of Florida. When Fortner Geis dies, it becomes clear that his fortune was swindled out of him in his last months. McGee tracks down the money and eventually builds a romantic relationship with Fortner's daughter, Heidi Trumbill.
Themes
The title phrase, "One Fearful Yellow Eye" refers to the look of the eye of one of the characters after he has died. It is found on page 174 of the first edition. McGee's sidekick Meyer briefly appears in the book, but does not play a central role. McGee recovers $187,650 from Saul Gorba when he moves to a small town of Bureau, Illinois. He receives about 10% ($18,750) from one of the rightful heirs, Heidi Trumbill.
References
1966 American novels
Travis McGee (novel series)
Novels set in Chicago
Gürçam, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
The western demoiselle or yellow-tailed demoiselle (Calopteryx xanthostoma) is a species of damselfly belonging to the family Calopterygidae. It replaces the banded demoiselle (C. splendens) in southern France and the Iberian Peninsula, and is sometimes considered a subspecies of that species (hybrids frequently occur in areas where they overlap).
The male of C. xanthostoma generally has more extensive colouring in the wings than that of C.splendens, usually reaching to the wingtips. Unlike C. splendens, the males have clear wings when first emerging as adults, only developing the wing colour during the first week as an adult.
The colour of the underside of the tip of the abdomen is sometimes cited as an identification feature, being said to be yellowish in this species and whitish in C. splendens, but some sources consider this to be unreliable. The metallic green, clear-winged females are virtually identical to female C. splendens and are difficult to separate, even in the hand.
This species lives in habitat around running watercourses, such as streams and rivers, usually in open or somewhat shady areas.
Notes
References
Calopterygidae
Damselflies of Europe
Insects described in 1825
Taxa named by Toussaint de Charpentier
Temple Beth Israel of Highland Park and Eagle Rock is an egalitarian synagogue located at 5711 Monte Vista Street in Highland Park, Los Angeles, California. Though originally a Conservative synagogue, it is unaffiliated with any Jewish religious movements.
First organized as the Highland Park Hebrew School Association in 1923, it completed construction of its Spanish Colonial Revival style building in 1930, at a cost of $4,077.88 (today $). It is the second oldest synagogue in Los Angeles still operating in its original location, after the Wilshire Boulevard Temple (built in 1929).
Notes
Synagogues in Los Angeles
Highland Park, Los Angeles
Unaffiliated synagogues in the United States
Jewish organizations established in 1923
1923 establishments in California
Synagogues completed in 1930
1930 establishments in California
Spanish Colonial Revival architecture in California
Spanish Colonial Revival synagogues
Kheyrabad (, also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 11 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Tilapia baloni is a species of Cichlid native to the Congo River basin of western Zambia. It is named after Polish-Canadian ichthyologist Eugene K. Balon.
References
Further reading
Eschmeyer, William N., ed. 1998. Catalog of Fishes. Special Publication of the Center for Biodiversity Research and Information, núm. 1, vol. 1–3. California Academy of Sciences. San Francisco. 2905. .
Fenner, Robert M.: The Conscientious Marine Aquarist. Neptune City, New Jersey: T.F.H. Publications, 2001.
Helfman, G., B. Collette y D. Facey: The diversity of fishes. Blackwell Science, Malden, Massachusetts, 1997.
Hoese, D.F. 1986. A M.M. Smith y P.C. Heemstra (eds.) Smiths' sea fishes. Springer-Verlag, Berlin.
Maugé, L.A. 1986. A J. Daget, J.-P. Gosse y D.F.E. Thys van den Audenaerde (eds.) Check-list of the freshwater fishes of Africa (CLOFFA). ISNB, Brussels; MRAC, Tervuren, Belgium; y ORSTOM, Paris. Vol. 2.
Moyle, P. y J. Cech.: Fishes: An Introduction to Ichthyology, 4a. edición, Upper Saddle River, New Jersey: Prentice-Hall.2000.
Nelson, J.: Fishes of the World, 3rd. edition. New York: John Wiley and Sons.1994.
Wheeler, A.: The World Encyclopedia of Fishes, 2nd. edition, London: Macdonald. 1985.
baloni
Taxa named by Ethelwynn Trewavas
Fish described in 1975
New Mexico State Road 556 (NM 556) is a state highway entirely within Bernalillo County, New Mexico. For most of its length, NM 556 is signed as Tramway Boulevard in Albuquerque, although from I-25 to its northern terminus at NM 47, NM 556 is signed as Roy Road. The highway's southern terminus is at an intersection with NM 333 and Historic U.S. Route 66 (Historic US 66), or Central Avenue. The highway then moves north intersecting with Interstate 40 (I-40). The highway is a divided four-lane road until its intersection with Tramway Road. After that, the highway narrows to two lanes and takes a westerly turn to intersect with I-25. The highway's northern terminus is at an intersection with NM 47.
Route description
State Road 556 begins at Tramway Boulevard's intersection with Central Avenue, which carries NM 333 and is also the historic route of US 66. NM 556 proceeds north from this intersection, passing through a half-diamond interchange with Interstate 40. The route travels north through the northeastern areas of Albuquerque, along the base of the Sandia Mountains. This portion of the route is a four-lane divided expressway with a speed limit of 55 mph. It eventually intersects Paseo del Norte (NM 423), a major east-west arterial through northern Albuquerque, before coming to a stop sign at Tramway Road, which provides access to the Sandia Peak Tramway. Here, NM 556 becomes a two-lane undivided road and turns to the west as Tramway Road. After crossing Interstate 25, the name of the route changes to Roy Road. Shortly thereafter, NM 556 comes to an end at its junction with NM 47.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
556
Transportation in Bernalillo County, New Mexico
Riverside Community School District is a rural public school district headquartered in Carson, Iowa, within the district's grade 3-5 facility.
The district, entirely in Pottawattamie County, and serves Carson, Oakland, Macedonia and the surrounding rural areas.
The schools teams are the Bulldogs, and the colors are navy and gold.
History
The district formed on July 1, 1993, with the merger of the Carson-Macedonia and Oakland districts.
Circa 2004, Jim Sutton became the superintendent. Before 2012 the district attempted to get two school bonds to replace the high school but voters rejected both measures. Sutton in 2012 asked voters to accept another proposal. A bond valued $15.1 million finally passed in June 2013, with Sutton expressing gratitude. 1,096 voters, including 367 absentee voters approved the measure; as there were 1,805 voters total, including 501 absentee voters, the approval percentage was slightly higher than the 60% necessary to pass the bond.
Sutton left his position in 2016 to work at the Belle Plaine Unified School District 357, citing proximity to his family. Timothy Mitchell, previously the superintendent of Rapid City Area Schools, became superintendent of Riverside in 2016.
Schools
Riverside Elementary School is in Oakland, and the Riverside Community Intermediate School is in Carson.
The Riverside grade 6-12 Middle-High School is south of Oakland in an unincorporated area, in proximity to the junction of Highway 6 and Highway 59. Construction began on this building in April 2014, which had delays due to summer weather. Previously the high school was in the city of Oakland.
Previously there was a 4-5 school in Macedonia.
Riverside Community High School
Athletics
The Bulldogs compete in the Western Iowa Conference in the following sports:
Cross Country
Volleyball
Football
Basketball
Wrestling
1996 Class 1A State Champions
Track and Field
Golf
Soccer
Baseball
Softball
December 12, 2017, Oakland, Iowa, school bus fire
On December 12, 2017, a school bus owned and operated by the District was involved in a road run-off event and subsequent fire near Oakland, Iowa. The crash occurred when a school bus driver turned from a rural gravel road onto a residential driveway for student pickup. After the student boarded the bus, the driver reversed out of the driveway and backed across the road continuing until the bus's rear wheels ran off the road. The bus came to rest with its rear half in a 3-foot-deep ditch next to the road. While the driver attempted to drive the bus out of the ditch, a fire began in the engine compartment and spread throughout the school bus. The driver and the only passenger – a female 16-year-old student – died when they did not egress from the burning bus.
The accident was the subject of a lengthy National Transportation Safety Board investigation. That resulting investigation was highly critical of the District. Among his opening remarks at the June 18, 2019 Board hearing regarding the accident and the driver's impaired physical condition, Chairman Robert Sumwalt stated, "[t]he Riverside Community School District had the knowledge it needed to act. It did not. In fact, in recent years, it had gone so far as to do away with physical performance tests for drivers." The final report identified the probable cause as, "(1) the driver's failure to control the bus, backing it into a roadside ditch for reasons that could not be established; and (2) the failure of the Riverside Community School District to provide adequate oversight by allowing a driver to operate a school bus with a known physical impairment that limited his ability to perform emergency duties."
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
References
External links
Riverside Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Public high schools in Iowa
Education in Pottawattamie County, Iowa
1993 establishments in Iowa
School districts established in 1993
Greentech could refer to:
Cleantech
Green technology, also called environmental technology
GreenTech ITM, a U.S.-based company that creates modular turf systems
GreenTech Automotive, a U.S.-based "green" automobile manufacturer
Biskupice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945, it was in Germany.
It lies approximately south-west of Legnickie Pole, south of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Biskupice
The Marlin Levermatic was a family of lever-action rifles created by Marlin Firearms in the 1950s. The Levermatic differed from the traditional lever-action rifles, such as the Marlin 39A, in that it employed a cam-and-roller system giving it an extremely smooth and short lever motion to reload a new cartridge.
This cam-and-roller system was originally invented by Kessler Arms Company for their "Lever-Matic" shotgun. Following Kessler's dissolution, Marlin licensed the idea and began producing rifles using a similar design.
Models
The Levermatic system was used in the following rifle models:
Marlin 56: .22 LR, Box magazine (1955–1964)
Sears 46c (Marlin 56): .22 Long Rifle, 7 round Box magazine (1956)
Marlin 57: .22 LR, Tubular magazine (1959–1965)
J. C. Higgins 44 DL (Marlin 57): .22 Long Rifle, Tubular magazine
Western Auto Revelation model 115 (Marlin 57): .22 Long Rifle, Magazine (firearms)
Marlin 57M: .22 Winchester Magnum Rimfire, Tubular magazine (1959–1969)
J. C. Higgins 44 DLM (Marlin 57m): .22 Winchester Magnum Rimfire, Tubular magazine
Marlin 62: .256 Winchester Magnum and .30 Carbine, 4 round Box magazine(1963–1969)
Planned models
Marlin had also planned to produce the Levermatic in .357 Magnum and .22 Remington Jet offered in the Marlin model 62. Both cartridges are related to the .256 Magnum which shared the same .357 Magnum parent case, but these options never materialized.
References
Sources
Malloy, John. Marlin's Levermatic Rifle Line Offered Untraditional Design. New Gun Week, Vol. 40 Issue 1811 - Jan. 1. 2005.
Lever-action rifles
Marlin Firearms Company firearms
Rifles of the United States
.22 LR rifles
Critolaos of Megalopolis () was a general (strategos) of the Achaean League in ancient Greece. He served for less than one year, from 147 to 146 BC. Following his death at the Battle of Scarpheia, he was replaced by Diaeus, the previous general of the Achaean League.
Ancient Megalopolitans
2nd-century BC Greek people
Ancient Greek generals
Achaean League
Francis Henri Bélanger (born January 15, 1978) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played 10 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Montreal Canadiens during the 2000–01 season.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
External links
References
1978 births
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Charlotte Checkers (1993–2010) players
Cincinnati Mighty Ducks players
Danbury Trashers players
Hull Olympiques players
Living people
Montreal Canadiens players
Philadelphia Flyers draft picks
Philadelphia Phantoms players
Quebec Citadelles players
Richmond RiverDogs players
Rimouski Océanic players
Trenton Titans players
Hampton Hills is a neighborhood in the Oak Cliff section of Dallas, Texas (USA), that was developed in the 1920s. The neighborhood is bounded by Clarendon Drive on the north, Wright Street on the south, Oak Cliff Boulevard on the east and Hampton Road on the west. Established in 1924, Hampton Hills is made up of about 300 wood-frame bungalows, brick and stone Tudor homes and post-war cottages that constitute one of the most undisturbed stands of original architecture in the city of Dallas.
History
On Sept. 14, 1924, an advertisement appeared in The Dallas Morning News announcing the development of Hampton Hills. The new neighborhood would be accessible to the city of Dallas via the Oak Cliff streetcar line, and would have every "modern improvement," including "permanently paved streets, sewerage, water, gas, lights, etc." By November, an ad campaign was launched, aimed at the tradespeople and middle managers of local companies who were interested in moving into the area for its convenience and proximity to their employers. Billed as "Oak Cliff's Ideal Home Place," Hampton Hills boasted terraced lots, extra wide parkways and well-drained high ground. The neighborhood's developer, Alf W. Sanders, built his own home at 1322 Montreal Ave., and set up a sales office for his Hampton Hills Realty Company in a small Tudor-style building on Tilton (now Wilton) Street. The sales office still stands today.
A Dallas Morning News item on Nov. 16, 1924, announced a "completely developed subdivision" on the new Hampton Place streetcar line. Hampton Hills Realty Company ads emphasized the neighborhood's convenience, commanding view and unmatched value. The ad blitz culminated with the "tag sale" ad on Thanksgiving Day, which drew attention to the neighborhood's proximity to streetcars and schools.
A.W. Sanders went on to build many of the neighborhood homes in the craftsman and Tudor styles, with small garages standing behind them. The picturesque wood-sided and brick and stone cottages had a charming, storybook quality about them. Even today, fine examples of stained glass can be seen in many windows, as well as unique brick and stone work. Many interiors boast archways, hardwood flooring, cheerful bathrooms and galley kitchens with quaint breakfast rooms and built-in cabinetry sparkling with beveled mirrors and stained glass. Some fireplace mantels display multiple types of wood and are flanked by built-in bookcases, which were favorite gestures of the builder.
Homebuilding was curtailed during World War II (because of strict rationing of materials for the war effort), creating a housing shortage for returning soldiers and their families. To help address the crisis, Oak Cliff realtor and builder Wiley Roberts, who also served as executive board chairman of the Dallas Association of Home Builders, announced his intention to finish out the Hampton Hills neighborhood. On Oct 5, 1945, Roberts said he would build 25 new brick homes in Hampton Hills, averaging around $8,000 each. On Aug. 11, 1946, The Dallas Morning News reported that Roberts' son Bill, a Navy veteran, would join his father in completing 40 new homes in the neighborhood. During the previous decade, home styles had evolved to include minimal traditional, which incorporated Colonial and Tudor forms with a modern preference for as little ornamentation as possible. Consequently, Wiley Roberts and Sons built finely crafted cottages with shallow- to medium-pitched gabled or hipped roofs (usually with no eaves), small covered porches with simple pillars or columns, simple floor plans and occasionally corner-wrapped windows. These post-war homes are mostly asymmetrical with the front entrance off center, and with either attached or detached garages. And because they were the last homes to be built in Hampton Hills, they tend to occupy the corner lots.
In February 1951, the newly organized Hampton Hills Garden Club began meeting in the little chapel at Rosemont Christian Church. Meetings usually featured a speaker and a social. The club seems to have disbanded in late 1976.
In 1990, a group of residents formed the Hampton Hills Neighborhood Association to safeguard the neighborhood's architectural integrity and to enhance the quality of life for every resident. The group meets monthly at Rosemont Christian Church.
Notable residents
Among Hampton Hills' most notable residents was Laster Baskem Bruton, who came to Dallas in the late 1920s to establish the Southwest Division of the Hygienics Products Company. In 1928, he and his wife, Sarah Estella Stratton Bruton, met with A.W. Sanders to finalize the deal on a newly constructed Tudor-style cottage at 1510 Hollywood Ave. On Oct. 6 of that year, the Brutons welcomed their first and only child, Mary Elizabeth.
L.B. Bruton went on to become a respected businessman. He was a Mason and a Methodist. His wife regularly hosted church socials at their home. But beneath the respectable façade, something wasn't right. Sometime around 1940, the Brutons' carefully crafted image began to unravel.
After the Brutons divorced, Laster Bruton married Aeron Burnet in Matamoros, Tamaulipas, in 1942—the same day Aeron Burnet divorced her husband, Owen Arther Burnet, whom she had married in 1936. Burnet had recently enlisted in the Navy and agreed that the two should divorce. Bruton had been calling his new bride for dates as early as 1938. The two divorced on Oct. 29, 1945, and she remarried Burnet a short time later.
On Feb. 22, 1946, Owen Burnet walked into Bruton's office on the seventh floor of the Texas Bank Building, asking Helen Pryor, Bruton's secretary, “Where's Laster B.?” When she walked to the door of Bruton's office to announce the visitor, Burnet stepped up behind her and began firing a .32-caliber automatic pistol at Bruton over Pryor's shoulder. Bruton died of multiple gunshot wounds to the head, neck and hips.
The murder trial was a sensation. Among those who took the stand were Bruton's brother, Aeron Burnet and Owen Burnet. Burnet's legal team presented a “temporary insanity” defense. They said Bruton had a history of domestic violence, including one incident when he became enraged during an argument and shot at her with a .22-caliber pistol. Bruton missed, but she fainted and he kicked her, she said. A week prior to the killing, Bruton drove alongside the Burnets' car on Eighth Street in Oak Cliff, opened the door and said, “I'll get you yet,” then drove away. The following day, District Judge W.L. Thornton granted an order restraining Bruton from "molesting or harassing" his ex-wife. On the day of the killing, Bruton swerved his car in front of his ex-wife's, forcing it onto the curb between the Triple Underpass and Industrial Boulevard. Then he slapped her and cursed her, she said.
Owen Burnet, who was employed as a mechanic at the Singer Sewing Machine Company on Elm Street, took a call from his wife who “sounded hysterical.” After the conversation, Burnet left the building looking "pale and determined, but dazed," according to his co-workers. Bruton was gunned down a few minutes later in his office, which was six blocks away.
Burnet was found guilty of "murder without malice" and sentenced to five years in prison. The sentence, however, was overturned on appeal. The appeals court said the trial judge should have admitted testimony about Burnet's acts and appearance shortly before he left his office to kill Bruton.
Another notable resident was Virgil Oliver Stamps, a gospel singer and promoter who helped make gospel music popular and widely available throughout East Texas and the southern U.S. He is perhaps best known for composing the music to When the Saints Go Marching In.
After attending several music schools, he worked James D. Vaughan and ran the Vaughan Publishing Company office in Jacksonville, Texas, from 1915 into the 1920s. In 1924, Stamps opened the V.O. Stamps School of Music in Jacksonville. His friend J.R. Baxter became his business partner and they changed the name of the company to the Stamps-Baxter Music Company in 1927. The company quickly became the nation's premier gospel music business. Its activities included songwriting, publishing and sponsoring musical groups and radio broadcasts. Baxter oversaw the operations east of the Mississippi River, while Stamps ran the operations in the western U.S. from his Dallas headquarters. This early success enabled Stamps and his wife, Addie, to purchase a new home at 1611 Hollywood Ave., where they lived with their teenage son, Ware.
Stamps-Baxter helped bring gospel music into the mainstream by broadcasting it nationally on radio and by encouraging performance in public. Stamps and his quartet started a noonday radio program on KRLD radio in Dallas in 1936. The program brought him, the company and gospel music increasingly into public view. The radio program was so successful that it enabled Stamps-Baxter to become the most successful publisher of shape-note music in America. The company's annual Stamps-Baxter School of Music stood as the largest developer of gospel singers in Texas and throughout the south well into the 1950s.
Stamps died of heart disease on Aug. 19, 1940. His funeral was attended by thousands. In 1973, he was inducted into the Gospel Music Association Hall of Fame. The Southern Gospel Music Hall of Fame inducted Stamps in 1997. He has also been honored in the Texas Gospel Music Hall of Fame as a pioneer of gospel music.
Accessibility
Several major freeways are immediately accessible from Hampton Hills, offering easy local and regional commuter travel. Interstate 30 outlines is to the north; I-20 sits to the south, Loop 12/Spur 408 is to the west, and I-45 is to the east. Interstate 35 and U.S. Highway 67 bisect Oak Cliff, serving the area's north–south traffic.
The City-operated Dallas Executive Airport is located a few miles from Hampton Hills, and both Dallas' Love Field and the busy Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport are located just 30 minutes from the neighborhood.
Dallas Area Rapid Transit has an extensive network of light rail lines, regional railways and bus services—all of which are accessible from the Hampton Station, adjacent to Hampton Hills at the corner of Hampton Road and Wright Street.
References
External links
Hampton Hills Neighborhood Association
Old Oak Cliff Conservation League
Neighborhoods in Oak Cliff, Dallas
Harry Adam Groshek (March 27, 1907 – January 8, 1978) was a Wisconsin politician and a member of the prominent Wisconsin Groshek family.
He is most notable for serving as the Wisconsin Superintendent of Public Parks and Recreation from 1940 to 1949, and the Wisconsin Secretary of Education from 1949 until 1961 when he retired. He was married to Esther Louise Groshek.
Notes
1907 births
1975 deaths
People from Neenah, Wisconsin
Lawrence University alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Educators from Wisconsin
Superintendents of Public Instruction of Wisconsin
People from Sun City, Arizona
Sandved may refer to:
Places
Sandved, Denmark, a village in Naestved Municipality in Region Zealand, Denmark
Sandved, Norway, a borough in the city of Sandnes in Rogaland county, Norway
Mount Sandved, a mountain in the Queen Elizabeth Range in Antarctica
People
David Sandved (1912–2001), Norwegian architect
Kjell Bloch Sandved (1922–2015), Norwegian-born American author, lecturer, and nature photographer
See also
Sandve, a Norwegian village that is pronounced similarly to Sandved
Piercing is a novel by Ryu Murakami. Originally published in Japanese in 1994, it was translated and published in English by Bloomsbury Publishing in 2008. An American film adaptation starring Christopher Abbott and Mia Wasikowska, directed by Nicolas Pesce, was released in 2019.
Overview
Piercing is set in Tokyo and follows Kawashima Masayuki trying to come to terms with his overwhelming desire to stab his infant child with an ice pick. He resolves to divert the impulse into an unsuspecting prostitute. However, as he begins to execute his meticulous crime everything, including his past, begins to unravel.
Critical reception
"...a haunting Japanese version of a David Lynch nightmare" - Chris Petit, Guardian Book Review.
"Far from being a cheap gorefest, ‘Piercing' handles its violence with controlled aplomb, making it seem a natural by-product of Tokyo's economic dominance. The result is a brief and convincing narrative of a crime and its motivations. With simple language and vividly evoked images, the novel looks at a single moment of horror from every angle." - Ed King, Time Out Book Review.
References
External links
Ryu Murakami at Bloomsbury Publishing
1994 Japanese novels
Japanese-language novels
Japanese novels adapted into films
Novels by Ryū Murakami
Novels set in Tokyo
Bloomsbury Publishing books
Psychological thriller novels
The Battle of Echmiadzin took place in June 1804, during the Russo-Persian War of 1804–1813. A Russian force of 5,000 men under Pavel Tsitsianov advanced on Erivan. An Iranian army of 20,000 under Crown-Prince Abbas Mirza met him at Echmiadzin. Cutting off the Russian's supplies the Iranians successfully defended the town and forced the Russians to withdraw. Though the Russians were unable to capture Echmiadzin, the outcome of the battle itself has been variously described as inconclusive,
an Iranian victory, or a Russian victory.
Background
In 1801, capitalizing on political turmoil in Iran, the Russians annexed Kartli-Kakheti (eastern Georgia), a region which had been part of Iran for centuries. In 1802, Pavel Tsitsianov was appointed as the new Russian commander-in-chief in the Caucasus. A die-hard Russian imperialist and expansionist, he had little respect for either the inhabitants of the Caucasus or the Iranians. In January 1804, he invaded Iran, besieging the Iranian city of Ganja. After a month he captured and ruthlessly sacked it; up to 3,000 Iranians were massacred in three days of pillage. This initiated the Russo-Persian War of 1804–1813.
Battle
After the capture of Ganja, Tsitsianov proceeded to Erivan. At Echmiadzin, near Erivan, his army clashed with that of Crown-Prince and Commander-in-Chief Abbas Mirza and the Shah himself; a three-day battle followed.
The Russian artillery inflicted considerable casualties on the Iranian army, which at the time had not yet been modeled on modern lines. In their own way the Iranians proved to be effective; surrounding the Russians and preventing them from receiving supplies. This forced Tsitsianov to withdraw, and he was thus unable to take Echmiadzin. This was a tactical defensive success for the Iranians. However, in line with the traditional Iranian concept of warfare, they allowed the Russians to escape, instead of making full use of the advantage they had gained.
Aftermath
A few days after the battle, the Russians returned to Echmiadzin, where they caught a different Iranian force by surprise and decisively defeated them. Tsitsianov's forces entered Echmiadzin, which, according to Auguste Bontems-Lefort, a contemporary French military envoy to Iran, they looted, seriously damaging the Armenian religious buildings. According to Bontems-Lefort, the Russian behaviour contrasted with that of the Iranian king, who treated the local Christian population with respect. Tsitsianov then marched on Erivan once again. The Iranians who had survived the surprise attack regrouped and were able to participate in the ensuing defense of Erivan.
Notes
References
Sources
Further reading
Echmiadzin 1804
Battles involving Qajar Iran
Conflicts in 1804
19th century in Armenia
1804 in the Russian Empire
Battles of the Russo-Persian Wars
1804 in Iran
Vagharshapat
June 1804 events
Myint Hlaing (; born 13 August 1953) was the Minister for Agriculture and Irrigation of Myanmar (Burma) from 2011 to 2016. He is a retired lieutenant general in the Myanmar Army and Chief of the Air Defence Forces from May 2006 to August 2010. He also served as Commander of Northeast Regional Command based in Lashio, Shan State.
Early life and education
Myint Hlaing was born on 13 August 1953 in Mogok, Mandalay Division. He graduated from the 17th intake of the Defence Services Academy in 1975. He is a close associate of former SPDC Vice Senior General Maung Aye, having served under him in the Tatmadaw's Eastern Command during the late 1980s. In 1995, Myint Hlaing attended military training in Nanjing, China.
References
Government ministers of Myanmar
Burmese military personnel
People from Mandalay Region
1953 births
Living people
Agriculture ministers
Ingeborg is a Scandinavian feminine given name.
Ingeborg may also refer to:
Ingeborg (singer), Belgian singer and television presenter Ingeborg Sergeant
Ingeborg (film), a 1960 West German comedy
391 Ingeborg, an asteroid discovered by Max Wolf in 1894
Ingeborg (hulk), a ship hulked at Göteborg, Sweden, from 1972 to 1974
See also
Ingeborg Psalter, a late 12th century illuminated psalter
Brenda Starr is a 1976 American made-for-television adventure film based on Dale Messick's comic strip Brenda Starr, Reporter starring Jill St. John in the title role. It is directed by Mel Stuart and originally aired on ABC on May 8, 1976.
Cast
Jill St. John as Brenda Starr
Jed Allen as Roger Randall
Sorrell Booke as A J Livwright
Tabi Cooper as Hank O'Hare
Victor Buono as Lance O'Toole
Joel Fabiani as Carlos Vegas
Barbara Luna as Luisa Santamaria
Marcia Strassman as Kentucky Smith
Torin Thatcher as Lassiter
Arthur Roberts a Dax Leander
Roy Applegate as Tommy
Production
Jill St John told her press agent that she had a dream to play Brenda Starr. The agent optioned the rights and had a script written. The movie was shot as a pilot for a series but fell flat as a stand alone project.
References
External links
Brenda Starr at TCMDB
Brenda Starr at IMDb
1976 television films
1976 films
1970s adventure films
ABC network original films
American television films
American adventure films
Films based on comic strips
Films directed by Mel Stuart
Films scored by Lalo Schifrin
Live-action films based on comics
1970s American films
Andrew J. Baker is an American astrophysicist.
After completing a bachelor of arts degree in mathematics and physics at Harvard University, he completed a doctorate in astronomy at the California Institute of Technology. In 2006, Baker joined the faculty of Rutgers University. Baker was elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2014.
References
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
American astrophysicists
Rutgers University faculty
California Institute of Technology alumni
Harvard College alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The 2013 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament is an under-18 ice hockey tournament held in Břeclav, Czech Republic and Piešťany, Slovakia from August 5–10, 2013. As in the previous three years, the venues are Alcaplast Arena in Břeclav and Easton Arena in Piešťany.
Preliminary round
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Group A
Group B
Final round
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Semifinals
Bronze medal game
Gold medal game
Final standings
See also
2013 IIHF World U18 Championships
2013 World Junior Championships
References
Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament
2013
International ice hockey competitions hosted by Slovakia
International ice hockey competitions hosted by the Czech Republic
Ivan
Ivan
Big Max is a large variety of pumpkin of the species Cucurbita maxima that can exceed and in diameter under ideal growing conditions. They are often bright orange in color, with fine-grained, yellow-orange flesh. The skin, deeply ribbed and slightly roughened, can grow to be thick, making them favorable for storage. The flesh has been described as good for canning and freezing. However, their size often makes utilizing them for culinary uses cumbersome, and they lack the flavor and texture present in smaller pumpkin varieties.
The variety was hybridized for its size during the early 1960s. Specimens as large as 300 pounds have been grown. Individual fruits are round to slightly flattened.
Best planted between two and four weeks after the average last frost, Big Max pumpkins typically become ripe 110 to 120 days after sowing. The cultivar requires large amounts of room to grow properly, and to achieve the maximum size, it is recommended to limit each vine to one fruit. They are harvested before the first light frost, when the plant's foliage dies. Seedlings sometimes emerge in five to ten days, though germination may take up to 14 days. Although recommendations vary, seeds are often planted at a depth of , spaced apart, in hills of between five and eight seeds. Hills are spaced apart, and thinned to two to three plants.
See also
List of gourds and squashes
References
Squashes and pumpkins
Silvan Dominic Widmer (born 5 March 1993) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Bundesliga club Mainz 05 and the Switzerland national team.
Club career
Widmer began his playing career at SV Würenlos and FC Baden before he moved on to FC Aarau where he rose through their youth ranks, soon playing regularly for Aarau's reserve team. He eventually made his league debut on 23 July 2011 against FC Winterthur, starting the match. He scored his first Swiss Challenge League goal in a 2–2 home draw against FC St. Gallen on 21 November 2011.
He signed with Udinese in the summer of 2012, but remained at Aarau for the 2012–13 season.
On 12 July 2018, Widmer signed with Basel for a club record €5.5 million.
Under trainer Marcel Koller Basel won the Swiss Cup in the 2018–19 season. In the first round Basel beat FC Montlingen 3–0, in the second round Echallens Région 7–2 and in the round of 16 Winterthur 1–0. In the quarter finals Sion were defeated 4–2 after extra time and in the semi finals Zürich were defeated 3–1. All these games were played away from home. The final was held on 19 May 2019 in the Stade de Suisse Wankdorf Bern against Thun. Striker Albian Ajeti scored the first goal, Fabian Frei the second for Basel, then Dejan Sorgić netted a goal for Thun, but the end result was 2–1 for Basel. Widmer played in five cup games and scored one goal, this being the winning goal in the match against Winterthur.
Widmer moved to Bundesliga club 1. FSV Mainz 05 in July 2021, having agreed a three-year contract.
International career
Widmer was a Switzerland youth international having played both at under-19 and under-21 level.
He made his debut for the senior national squad on 12 October 2014 in a UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying Group E game against San Marino as a 59th-minute substitute for Stephan Lichtsteiner.
Widmer scored his first international goal for Switzerland on 6 September 2020, in a 1–1 UEFA Nations League draw against Germany.
In 2021 he was called up to the national team for the 2020 UEFA European Championship.
International goals
References
External links
Career history at SFV
Living people
1993 births
People from Aarau
Association football defenders
Swiss footballers
Switzerland international footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Switzerland under-21 international footballers
UEFA Euro 2020 players
FC Aarau players
Granada CF footballers
Udinese Calcio players
FC Basel players
1. FSV Mainz 05 players
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
Serie A players
Swiss expatriate footballers
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Sportspeople from Aargau
Bharya is a 1962 Malayalam language film starring Sathyan and Ragini in the lead roles. It was directed by Kunchacko based on a novel with the same title by Kanam EJ.
The novel was based on the controversial Thiruvalla Ammalu murder case. Ponkunnam Varkey wrote the dialogue, which became a cult favourite among family audiences, and was subsequently released along with the soundtrack album. This was for the first time in Kerala and second time in South India that the dialogue was released as a separate gramophone record. The film was a hit at the box office. It is one of the best movies which family audiences like from the 1970s. This movie's song "Periyare Periyare" was a super hit.
Cast
Sathyan as Benny
Rajasree as Gracy
Ragini as Leela
Manavalan Joseph as Velayudhan
Bahadoor
Nellikode Bhaskaran as Premsagar
S. P. Pillai as Uthuppu
Adoor Pankajam
Kottayam Chellappan
Namboori Mathew
Sadanandan
Jijo
R.Gopalakrishnan as Joey
K. S. Gopinath
Piravam Mary
Baby Seetha
Soundtrack
References
External links
Bharya
1962 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Kunchacko
Films based on Indian novels
Films about Christianity
Vineyard is an unincorporated community located in Jessamine County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Jessamine County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Achasanseong Fortress is an earthen mountain fortress of the Korean Three Kingdoms period. Originally built by Baekje, it was occupied in turn by each of the Three Kingdoms. It stands on Achasan Mountain, in Gwangjin-gu, Seoul, South Korea, at an altitude of 200 meters above sea level. It has a perimeter of roughly 1 kilometer and an area of about 3375 m².
The first mention of this fortress in historical records comes from the Samguk Sagi's statement that King Chaekgye of Baekje ordered it to be fortified against an expected Goguryeo invasion. At that time, Achasanseong Fortress would have played a key role in the defense of the Baekje capital Hanseong from the north.
In 475, Goguryeo overran this and the other defenses of Baekje, and King Gaero of Baekje was brought to Acha and executed. The fortress and the rest of the Han River valley were conquered by Silla in 553. The Goguryeo general Ondal later died here while trying to reclaim the fortress.
Achasanseong Fortress was designated as a historic landmark in 1973, and has since become a common local tourist destination.
See also
History of Korea
Castles in Korea
External links
Tourist information from the Gwangjin-gu district government
Gwangjin District
Archaeological sites in South Korea
Castles in South Korea
The Conger Range, also called the Conger Mountains, is a mountain range in Quttinirpaaq National Park on Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada, beginning about west of Mount Osborne. It is part of the Arctic Cordillera which is a vast dissected mountain system extending from Ellesmere Island to the northernmost tip of Labrador and northeastern Quebec. The Conger Range is a structural extension of the Garfield Range and continues into the highlands north of the head of Hare Fiord. The overall extent of the range is about . Most of its peaks are ice-covered, although nearly all of the southern slopes are ice-free. Many of the valleys between the peaks are filled with glacial tongues spilling out to the south from the Grand Land Ice Cap. Its highest point is Mount Biederbick at .
The Conger Range was named by American Polar explorer Adolphus Greely, who sighted them during a dog sledding exploration to the interior of northern Ellesmere Island in 1882.
References
Arctic Cordillera
Mountain ranges of Qikiqtaaluk Region
Clarence Abiodun Peters (born 27 July 1978) is a Nigerian music video director, filmmaker and cinematographer. He is the founder and CEO of Capital Dream Pictures, a production company that specialises in the realms of the performing arts, film and video. He is also the founder and CEO of Capital Hill Records, a record label home to Chidinma, Tha Suspect and Illbliss. He was ranked 2nd on Channel O's list of the Top 10 Most Visionary Music Video Directors.
In 1998, Peters was involved in a Mobil-sponsored music video for a documentary on AIDS. He directed 40 episodes of the TV series Everyday People. Peters has directed music videos for recording artists across an array of genres and generations, including Darey, Durella, and Wizkid. In 2012, he shot the music video for Shuga's theme song, which was recorded by Boneye from P-Unit, Banky W., Wizkid and L-Tido. Peters has also shot a good number of documentaries, TV commercials, short films, and TV features. In April 2014, Absolut Vodka honoured him for his creativity.
In September 2015, Peters announced plans to premiere his 25-minute horror film Hex. The first official trailer was released on 28 September 2015.
Life and career
Peters is the son of Sir Shina Peters, a musician, and Clarion Chukwura, an actress from Anambra State, Nigeria. In an interview posted on the Daily Times of Nigeria website, his mother opened up about wanting to abort him while he was in her womb, but changed her mind because of her belief that Peters was the reincarnation of her father who she lost when she was 11 years old.
Growing up, Peters was a footballer. He attended Beehive primary school and then Government College Ikorodu. After finishing secondary school, he worked at Alpha Visions for three years. He studied Cinematography at City Varsity, a film school in Cape Town, South Africa. Upon returning to Nigeria, Peters teamed up with a group of filmmakers to establish the Alliance Film Company, which is now known as the Allied Film Company. Peters worked with the company for a year and eventually started his own production company.
Peters has cited Steven Spielberg, Hype Williams, DJ Tee, Akin Alabi, Wudi Awa, HG2films, Director dove Kemi Adetiba, Sesan, Aje, and AK 1 as people he admires.
Capital Hill Music
While in secondary school, Peters met Tha Suspect, a record producer and recording artist. The two started a group after becoming acquainted with each other. Capital Hill Records was formed after Peters returned to Nigeria from South Africa. He and Suspect decided to look for a female artist who could rap and sing. At a later date, Peters signed Kel to his record label after being introduced to her by Terry tha Rapman. In September 2010, Kel had a misunderstanding with Peters, which led to the termination of her recording contract. The rapper managed to release her debut studio album, The Investment, while signed to the label. Latterly, the label partnered with the Goretti Company, a management company owned by Illbliss.
Controversy
In January 2014, a copyright infringement was levelled against Peters after the release of Tiwa Savage's "Eminado" video. He allegedly stole the vintage nature of the "Asinamali" video which was released by Tumi and the Volume to honour the artistic works of Seydou Keïta. Tumi took to Twitter to slander Peters. He urged his fans to shine a light on the issue. Savage's manager and husband, Tunji "Tee Billz" Balogun, shed some light on the controversy. He said they never knew that the video's concept was adopted from another video, and were surprised as everyone else.
After the release of Ice Prince's "VIP" music video on 21 June 2013, Peters was accused of plagiarising the contents of Slaughterhouse's "My Life" video and implementing them into the "V.I.P" video. In February 2014, Ice Prince defended the actions of Peters and said he told him the ideas to shoot. He also said that if anyone has a problem with the situation, they should hold him responsible.
Awards and nominations
Videography
See also
List of Nigerian film producers
List of Nigerian cinematographers
List of Nigerian film directors
Emamode Edosio
Notes
A. Peters co-directed "Alingo" with Jude Engees Okoye.
B. The song is the theme song for the television series ''Shuga.
References
Filmmakers from Ibadan
Living people
Nigerian film directors
Nigerian cinematographers
Nigerian music video directors
Nigerian music industry executives
Yoruba filmmakers
The Headies winners
1978 births
Nigerian film producers
Nigerian documentary filmmakers
Morphology in architecture is the study of the evolution of form within the built environment. Often used in reference to a particular vernacular language of building, this concept describes changes in the formal syntax of buildings and cities as their relationship to people evolves and changes. Often morphology describes processes, such as in the evolution of a design concept from first conception to production, but can also be understood as the categorical study in the change of buildings and their use from a historical perspective. Similar to genres of music, morphology concertizes 'movements' and arrives at definitions of architectural 'styles' or typologies. Paradoxically morphology can also be understood to be the qualities of a built space which are style-less or irreducible in quality.
Some ideological influences on morphology which are usually cultural or philosophical in origin include: Indigenous architecture, Classical architecture, Baroque architecture, Modernism, Postmodernism, Deconstructionism, Brutalism, and Futurism. Recent contemporary advances in analytic and cross platform tools such as 3d printing, virtual reality, and building information modeling make the current contemporary typology formally difficult to pinpoint into one holistic definition. Advances in the study of Architectural (formal) morphology have the potential to influence or foster new fields of study in the realms of the arts, cognitive science, psychology, behavioral science, neurology, mapping, linguistics, and other as yet unknown cultural spatial practices or studies based upon social and environmental knowledge games. Often architectural morphologies are reflexive or indicative of political influences of their time and perhaps more importantly, place. Other influences on the morphological form of the urban environment include architects, builders, developers, and the social demographic of the particular location
Urban morphology provides an understanding of the form, establishment and reshaping processes, spatial structure and character of human settlements through an analysis of historical development processes and the constituent parts that compose settlements. Urban morphology is used as a method of determining transformation processes of urban fabrics by which buildings (both residential and commercial), architects, streets and monuments act as elements of a multidimensional form in a dynamic relationship where built structures shape and are shaped by the open space around them. Urban places act as evolutionary open systems that are continually shaped and transformed by social and political events and by the market forces.
History
Urban morphology as an organised scientific study began formally in the 19th century due to the expansion of reliable topographic maps and reproducible plans. However, architecture has existed far longer, with the first surviving written work on the subject known as De architectura, written by Roman architect and engineer Marcus Vitruvius Pollio between 30 and 15 BCE. Here, Vitruvius detailed the three principals of architecture firmitas, utilitas, venustas. Translated to modern English as durability, utility and beauty. Archaeologists have studied the ruins of ancient cities such as Mesopotamia, Egypt and Minoan to show evidence that urban planning dates back to the Bronze Age, through visible patterns of paved streets lined in right angles. Originally, town planning was used as a mechanism for armed defence. The decline of the roman empire in 395 AD saw cities in Europe expand incoherently without formal urban planning. The Renaissance era saw urban hubs expand with enlarged extensions to allow for advancements that took place during the industrial age. It was then that urban planning became a formalised study, used to allow citizens with healthier working conditions.
Theory
The theory of morphology extends many different disciplines including architectural theory branching from the philosophy of art, engineering, linguistics, culture and sociology.
However, advances in information technology, the development of a globalised 24-hour economy through the three leading world cities New York, London and Tokyo and their smaller counterparts have profoundly influenced the world's urban systems. Currently, there is more than 300 metropolitan regions that house more than one million people and through steadily global population increases metropolitan regions will continue to increase in size. The global trend towards rapid urbanisation is outlined by the global urban population being 34% of the world's total in 1960, 43% in 1990 and 54% in 2014, with projections expected to reach 66% by 2050. Rapid urbanisation commonly causes challenges within urban places, for example, traffic jams, high cost of living, lack of green space, biodiversity loss, air pollution and other anthropogenic environmental effects. As a result, urban planners, geographers and architects have put forth numerous theoretical models with aim to improve understanding upon the functionality, aesthetic nature and environmental sustainability. However, it is widely accepted that there are four theoretical explanations to the morphological pattern of a city.
Concentric Zone Model
Although many models have been developed in geography and urban planning fields, encompassing assorted complexities one which holds its widely used and early status is the concentric zone model. The concentric Zone Model provided a stylized description of the urban form, derived from Ernest Burgess's 1920's idea: the bid-rent curve. This implicated that the core central zone of a city becomes used as the Central Business District, then surrounded in turn by a zone of transition between areas of profession and that of working-class suburbs. This is then followed by middle-class suburbs, and finally situated on the outside ring of the city is a zone of commuters. Opposers have argued that this is a normative model that presents an idealistic and only hypothetical model of a city, when in fact current land use is a part of a more complicated three-dimensional system.
This model led to the acceptance of modern-day terms such as “inner city” and the “suburban ring”.
The development of Burgess' theory stemmed from three main assumptions upon the pattern and morphological structure of urban growth:
The linear progression of society moves from traditional to modern which brings forth the changing construction of social relations
An individual's agency-based approach to the urban processes without structural constraints which explains the urban condition
The concept of the city as a unified “whole”
Sectoral model
The Sectoral Model, proposed by economist Homer Hoyt in 1939, explores the notion that the development of cities is centralised around transportation lines where wedges of residential land is concentrated by social class. Although, this model acts as a highly generalised theory does not equally represent urban morphologies of the developing world. Leaders in the field state that the twenty first century global economy's tendency towards capital reduces the demand for labour and in turn causing growing unemployment. This leads to the notion that innovations in transport play a significant role in the accessibility of city's surface. For example, the wide implementation of suburban railway networks and motor buses were expected to have proportionately impacted the higher increases in periphery land prices. Contrastingly, it is expected that in periods of low innovation within the transport sector land values would have been proportionately higher closer to the city centre. Although, opposers to this theory suggest that the fact that transport innovations are typically closely associated with increases in building and development activity which in itself is known to raise land values and thus, it is difficult to assess the relative strengths and underlying influences. Thus, the commercial, industrial and residential components within the urban this model's land-use pattern are susceptible to the locational analysis and their attempt to maximise profits by substituting higher rent for increased transport costs from the city centre and vice versa. This acts as an alternative model to the ‘original' urban morphology model by Burgess with proposed a city as a concentric being which adequately kept each land use activity within its proposed circle. However, in reality it is often the addition of varying transport options within differing locations that allow for the formation of individual sectors for each land use task.
Multiple Nuclei Model
This model developed by Harris and Ullman in their 1945 book “The Nature of Cities” further expands on previous morphological theories to provide a model which encompasses the issues that arise over large territorial expanse and growing population. Where previous theories have provided the idea that a city must only have one Central Business District (CBD), the Multiple Nuclei Model has more than one CBD. Rather, this model postulates that there are a number of different growth nuclei, each of which influences the distribution of people, activities and land uses within the area. Each nucleus is a highly specialised subset of the city's urban form and activities as each area is marketed to the demographic within the area from retail, manufacturing, education, health and residential areas. Thus, allows for highly diversified economic functions over an extensive geographical area. This forms a kind of urban mosaic in which the city's spatial geometry is made up of differing nuclei that are no longer organised around a single centre, where the CBD still acts as a functional and important nucleus to the city. One popular weakness to the multiple nuclei model is the premise that distinctions and boundaries between nuclei zones are distinct borders, however this is largely unheard of practically. This model requires the use of four basic principles:
Certain activities require specialised facilities located in only one or a few sections of the metropolis. For example, manufacturing areas requiring large blocks of undeveloped land located near rail lines.
Certain like activities profit from adjacent congregation, as seen in the clustering of retail establishments into malls and shopping centres
Certain unlike activities are antagonistic or detrimental to each other, as seen in the case of manufacturing plants and upper-class residential developments.
Certain activities are unable to afford the costs of the most desirable locations, as seen in the case of low-income residential areas and high land with a much sought-after view.
One real-world example of this model is the multiple nuclei form of New York City, New York. The cluster of high-end retail institutions within the city deemed the naming of New York's “diamond district” which is one specialised subset of the city's economy and function.
Agents of Morphology
It is argued that urban structure develops irrespective of its objective development by legalisation from government of developers which attempt to control the shape of urban structure. Each agent within the urban landscape – developers, architects, builders, urban planners, and politicians – attempt to pursue their own goals for both the functional and aesthetic qualities of land use. Initially, the occurrence of an action of change is proceeded by a developer.
Advancements
It has been proven that a significant challenge of the twenty first century will be to establish effective links between urban morphologies, efficiency and resilience of urban place in the future. Urban resilience refers to the ability of an urban place to adapt, grow and evolve when it is placed under stress events. Most climate scientists agree that warmer Earth surface temperatures increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters, with these events becoming 5 times as common in recent years. With this, urban microclimates have endured extreme changes, largely due to the combination of global warming and rapid urbanisation. It is known that nearly a quarter of the world's population resides in areas where heat exposure us rising dramatically, in some cases to the point where habitability is questioned. Thus, in order to maintain environmental sustainability into the future adaption to housing and the wider urban fabric is deemed essential. One method for this is the restricting of housing using advancements in engineering to provide innovation and increase the suitability of architecture.
References
Architecture
Civil engineering
The Wasserstein Public Interest Fellows Program recognizes exemplary members of the bar who engage in public service. The program, founded in 1990 defines public service as "law-related work for governmental agencies, legal services providers, prosecutors, public defenders, private public interest law firms, nonprofit organizations and international organizations that provide legal assistance, conduct research, or engage in other activities aimed at advancing the common good." Academics and judges are ineligible for nomination (although they may go on to those roles). Fellows are invited to Harvard Law School to interact with students.
Shara L. Aranoff
Spencer Boyer
Denise J. Casper United States District Judge Massachusetts
Brian Concannon
Paul J. Fishman United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey
Andrew Fois
Terry Goddard
Edmund V. Ludwig Federal District Judge
John A. Powell
Pierre-Richard Prosper
Jonathan Rapping a 2014 recipient of the MacArthur "Genius" Award
Rod Rosenstein Deputy Attorney General of the United States
Reggie Shuford
James E. Tierney
Leslie Winner
See also
List of awards for contributions to society
References
Awards established in 1990
Wasserstein Fellowship
A Snitch in Time is a 1950 short subject directed by Edward Bernds starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Shemp Howard). It is the 128th entry in the series released by Columbia Pictures starring the comedians, who released 190 shorts for the studio between 1934 and 1959.
Plot
The trio, acting as carpenters, own a furniture shop ("Ye Olde Furniture Shoppe: Antiques Made While U Waite") who are staining some furniture they have delivered to Miss Scudder (Jean Willes), an attractive curly-haired brunette who owns a boarding house. While attending to their duties (and nearly destroying the furniture in the process), several new boarders at Miss Scudder's place are actually a trio of crooks who have just robbed a jewelry store. The Stooges are held at gunpoint while Miss Scudder is tied up and gagged in her kitchen while the crooks ransack the house to steal several valuable heirlooms in her possession. The Stooges and Miss Scudder work together and unravel the crooks' plot.
Cast
Credited
Moe Howard as Moe
Larry Fine as Larry
Shemp Howard as Shemp
Jean Willes as Miss Gladys Scudder
Uncredited
Henry Kulky as Steve
John L. Cason as Crook
John Merton as Jerry Benton
Fred F. Sears as Radio announcer
Production notes
A Snitch in Time was filmed December 13–16, 1949, the last Stooge film produced in the 1940s. It has been consistently ranked as the most violent Stooge film of the Shemp era. Unlike the Curly-era equivalent They Stooge to Conga, in which all three Stooges receive their fair share of abuse, most of the violence in A Snitch in Time is directed at Moe. In its opening four minutes, Moe gets his nose and buttocks jammed into the blade of a giant table saw, as well as getting wood glue in his eye and stuck on his hands.
David J. Hogan, author of the 2011 book Three Stooges FAQ, commented that "kids of the day—before bicycle helmets, seat belts, and moratoriums on peanut butter—loved this kind of torment. It's still funny today, but you keep waiting for the spray of blood." Hogan adds that a February 2001 post to the website www.threestooges.net commented that "Only Dawn of the Dead gives you more pain for your entertainment dollar".
Although Columbia short subject head/director Jules White was known for the usage of excessive violence in his films, A Snitch in Time was directed by Edward Bernds, who always maintained that the violence was not to be excessive in the films he directed.
The title A Snitch in Time parodies the aphorism "a stitch in time saves nine."
References
External links
A Snitch in Time at threestooges.net
1950 films
1950 comedy films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Edward Bernds
The Three Stooges films
Columbia Pictures short films
American comedy films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Terry Markwell (born Teresa Markwell, 1952) is an American actress.
Markwell is probably best recognized for having appeared as IMF agent Casey Randall in the 1988–1989 season of Mission: Impossible, playing the only IMF agent in a Mission: Impossible TV series and its revival to ever be caught, killed, and disavowed.
Work
Markwell got her first taste of acting while modeling for Plaza Three, a premiere talent agency in Phoenix during the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Markwell guest starred in the TV-series Return to Eden (1986).
Markwell portrayed IMF agent Casey Randall for the first 12 episodes in Mission: Impossible (1988). Early in her last episode, "The Fortune", the character was captured and killed by lethal injection during a solo assignment. One reviewer called the entire opening sequence of that episode excellent and by far the most powerful opening yet in the series. He also highlighted as poignant and well done the scene where Peter Graves's character finds out that Casey has died and reacts to the picture of her body on television as part of a news report on an unidentified body.
After Mission: Impossible, Markwell made guest appearances in the TV-series The Client (1995–1996), Sliders (1996–1997) and The Burning Zone (1996–1997).
In film, Markwell appeared in Stones of Death (1988), Murder 101 (1991), Robo Warriors (1996) and Jane Street (1996) and had minor parts in Grievous Bodily Harm (1988), Red Wind (1991) and ''The Man Who Wouldn't Die (1994).
Markwell now primarily runs her own interior design company under the name of "Markwell Design Group".
References
External links
American television actresses
Actresses from Phoenix, Arizona
Living people
1952 births
21st-century American women
In particle physics hexaquarks, alternatively known as sexaquarks, are a large family of hypothetical particles, each particle consisting of six quarks or antiquarks of any flavours. Six constituent quarks in any of several combinations could yield a colour charge of zero; for example a hexaquark might contain either six quarks, resembling two baryons bound together (a dibaryon), or three quarks and three antiquarks. Once formed, dibaryons are predicted to be fairly stable by the standards of particle physics.
A number of experiments have been suggested to detect dibaryon decays and interactions. In the 1990s, several candidate dibaryon decays were observed but they were not confirmed.
There is a theory that strange particles such as hyperons and dibaryons could form in the interior of a neutron star, changing its mass–radius ratio in ways that might be detectable. Accordingly, measurements of neutron stars could set constraints on possible dibaryon properties. A large fraction of the neutrons in a neutron star could turn into hyperons and merge into dibaryons during the early part of its collapse into a black hole . These dibaryons would very quickly dissolve into quark–gluon plasma during the collapse, or go into some currently unknown state of matter.
D-star hexaquark
In 2014, a potential dibaryon was detected at the Jülich Research Center at about 2380 MeV. The center claimed that the measurements confirm results from 2011, via a more replicable method. The particle existed for 10−23 seconds and was named d*(2380). This particle is hypothesized to consist of three up and three down quarks, and has been proposed as a candidate for dark matter.
It is theorized that groups of d-star particles could form Bose–Einstein condensates due to prevailing low temperatures in the early universe, a state in which they overlap and blend together, a bit like the protons and neutrons inside atoms. Under the right conditions, BECs made of hexaquarks with trapped electrons could behave like dark matter. According to the researchers, this result indicates that during the earliest moments after the Big Bang, as the cosmos slowly cooled, stable d*(2830) hexaquarks could have formed alongside baryonic matter, and the production rate of this particle would have been sufficient to account for the 85% of the Universe's mass that is believed to be Dark Matter.
Critics say that even if it is possible to create a d* condensate as proposed, it cannot survive the intense radiation of the early Universe. Once they are blasted apart, there is no way to create more d* particles capable of forming a Bose-Einstein condensate, as the conditions that admit their creation will have passed.
H dibaryon
In 1977, Robert Jaffe proposed that a possibly stable H dibaryon with the quark composition udsuds could notionally result from the combination of two uds hyperons. Calculations have shown that this particle is light and (meta)stable. It actually takes more than twice the age of the universe to decay. Data constrains the existence of such a particle, and it turns out that it is still allowed. As per one analysis, a hypothetical SU(3) flavor-singlet, highly symmetric, deeply bound neutral scalar hexaquark S=uuddss, which due to its features has escaped from experimental detection so far, may be considered as a candidate for a baryonic dark matter. However, existence of this state may contradict the stability of oxygen nuclei, necessitating further thorough analysis of it.
Others
In 2022 Riken researchers studied the existence of triply charmed dibaryon concluding computationally that it should fall within a feasible regime.
See also
Exotic hadron
Deuteron, the only known stable composite particle that consists of six quarks.
Diproton, an extremely unstable dibaryon.
Dineutron, another extremely unstable dibaryon.
Pentaquark
References
Hypothetical composite particles
Baryons
USNS William McLean (T-AKE 12) is a of the United States Navy, named in honor of William McLean, a United States Navy physicist, who conceived and developed the heat-seeking Sidewinder missile. The contract to build William McLean was awarded to National Steel and Shipbuilding Company on 12 December 2008. William McLean was launched on 16 April 2011, sponsored by Dr. McLean's niece, Margaret Taylor.
The ship was delivered to the Military Sealift Command (MSC) on 28 September 2011.
Ship's badge
USNS William McLean has a shield "Per fess nebuly enhanced, two piles reversed in chief point issuant from dexter and sinister base, Azure and Argent, all counterchanged, in base a compass rose Gules bearing a globe Celeste with grid lines of the second; a bordure of steel Proper." Her crest is "From a wreath Argent and Azure two steel anchors erect Proper, superimposed by a seahorse rampant of the second gorged with a collar Gules charged with the Roman numerals "XII" Argent, all below an arced rope Proper tied to each anchor ring." Her motto is "A scroll, with ends behind base of the missiles, Azure doubled Gules and inscribed with "SI VIS PACEM, PARA BELLUM" (IF YOU WANT PEACE, PREPARE FOR THE WAR) Argent." and her supporters are "On either side of the shield a Sidewinder heat-seeking Missile erect Proper." The ship's seal is "the coat of arms as blazoned in full color upon a white oval enclosed by a blue collar edged on the outside with a gold rope bearing the inscription "USNS WILLIAM McLEAN" at top and in base "T-AKE 12" in gold letters."
Symbolism
Shield: "Dark blue and gold are the colors traditionally used by the Navy. Gold is also emblematic of honor and high achievement. Blue and white echo the colors of the sea. The nebuly partition line is intended to look like clouds as depicted in heraldry. The two narrow pointed wedge shapes with points going up through the clouds allude to two launched missiles locking in on their target. The counterchanged colors stand for unity and cooperation. The clouds and sky also refer to the aviation capabilities of the USNS WILLIAM McLEAN. The compass rose and globe emphasize the world wide mission of the T-AKE ship. The thick steel border denotes strength and resolve."
Crest: "The anchors, symbols of sea prowess, with the T-AKE being represented by one and the other, our Naval force. The rope connecting them signifies receiving the steady flow of cargo and ammunition from the T-AKE. The seahorse, strong and dependable, personifies the USNS WILLIAM McLEAN's being a work horse to the Navy providing a steady, secure stream of dry cargo and ammunition. The red of the collar inscribed with XII stands for the zeal and bravery of the mariners aboard T-AKE 12 and the warfighters it services."
Supporters: "The Sidewinder missiles commemorate William McLean, the U.S. Navy physicist who conceived and developed the heat-seeking sidewinder missile."
Deployments
On 22 December 2016 the USNS William McLean returned to Naval Weapons Station Yorktown from a 47-day surge deployment to the United States Sixth Fleet in the Mediterranean Sea.
McLean helped the Navy's Multipurpose Amphibious Assault and Transport ships, and , as part of Operation Odyssey Lightning.
References
External links
Lewis and Clark-class dry cargo ships
Ships built in San Diego
2011 ships
Gökçeyaka can refer to:
Gökçeyaka, Çameli
Gökçeyaka, Emirdağ
Gökçeyaka, Finike
Gökçeyaka, Yeşilova
Don't Cut Your Fabric to This Year's Fashion is the debut album by the Long Island band Action Action, released on September 14, 2004, shortly after the band formed.
Background
Action Action formed in early 2004 out of the demise of the Reunion Show, Count the Stars, and Diffuser, with a line-up of frontman Mark Thomas Kluepfel, bassist Clarke Foley, guitarist and keyboardist Adam Manning, and drummer Dan Leo. William Wittman served as the producer and engineer for the band's debut album. Leo recorded his drums on January 15–17, 2004 at Pie Studios in Glen Clove, New York with Dylan. Overdubs were then made in two separate stints, the first between January 19 and February 9, 2004, and the second on March 15, 2004, at General Studios in Long Island, New York with engineer George Fullan of Three Year Later. Additional tracks were taken from Kluepfel's demos, which he recorded on a laptop. Wittman and Fullan mixed the recordings at Allaire Studios in Shokan, New York with assistance from Matt Cullen. Ue Nastasi then mastered the album on April 5, 2004 at Sterling Sound in New York City.
Composition and lyrics
Musically, the sound of Don't Cut Your Fabric to This Year's Fashion has been described as indie rock and punk rock, reminiscent of the work of the Faint, the Killers, and the Rapture. Its title is culled from a Gene Hackman interview on the DVD release of The Royal Tenenbaums (2001). Vocalist Mark Thomas Kluepfel has been compared to the Cure frontman Robert Smith. Wittman did sequencing on "This Year's Fashion", "Photograph", "The Short Weekend Begins with a Longing". Kris Baldwin contributed guitar to "Photograph", "Bleed", and "A Simple Question".
The album's opening track "This Year's Fashion" recalled the work of Depeche Mode and New Order, and is followed by "Drug Like", which sees Kluepfel looking for substance in his life. "Photograph" features keyboards in the vein of the Cars and Def Leppard-styled guitarwork, evoking the sound of Kill Your Television -era (2002) the Reunion Show. "Basic Tiny Fragment" begins with at a slow tempo with Kluepfel's voice against a guitar, eventually building up into screaming from Fullan.
The next two songs, "Bleed", which features Eddie Reyes of Taking Back Sunday on guitar, and "Instructions on Building a Model Airplane", also with screaming from Fullan, continue this structure. "Eighth-Grade Summer Romance" features EBow from Baldwin and a guitar solo from Gary Bennett of Kill Your Idols. The guitar-centric "Broken", with vocals from Doug Robinson of the Sleeping, is followed by the Coldplay-esque ballad "Four Piece Jigsaw Puzzle". "Don't Cut Your Fabric" repeats the same set of lyrics heard in "This Year's Fashion" at a faster pace.
Release
On June 21, 2004, the existence of Action Action was made public. Alongside this, Don't Cut Your Fabric to This Year's Fashion was announced for release in three months' time, with the artwork and "Drug Like" being posted online. Action Action embarked on a tour of record stores throughout the release month. In November 2004, the band went on a US tour with the Beautiful Mistake. They ended the year touring with Bayside; in January and February 2005, the band toured with Lovedrug. They supported Straylight Run and the All-American Rejects on separate headlining US tours between February and April 2005, and appeared at The Bamboozle festival. They supported Midtown on their headlining US tour, and played a few shows in June and July 2005 with labelmates Spitalfield and the Forecast. They went on a headlining tour until August 2005, with Spitalfield and Gatsbys American Dream; Down to Earth Approach appeared on the first half, while Waking Ashland featured on the second half. They appeared at a Victory Records showcase at CMJ Music Marathon in September 2005.
Reception
Don't Cut Your Fabric to This Year's Fashion was met with mixed reviews from music critics. AllMusic reviewer Rick Anderson said that if listeners enjoy the work of Echo & the Bunnymen and the Psychedelic Furs, "you'll get a big kick out of this album". He added that the majority of the tracks "stick with you pretty tenaciously, though, and this is a very promising debut overall". Manuel Possible of Ox-Fanzine said the indie rock songs were "broken up again and again with punk rock numbers that are a bit too cheesy". Though it was "missing the common thread somewhere, it turned out to be a nice and multi-faceted album". The staff at Impact Press was initially sceptical to its synthesizer-based sound during the first track, but for the remainder, saw it as "accessible pop-rock songs with emotional vocals". High Voltage Magazine Jennifer E. enjoyed the first two tracks but did not like Kluepfel's yelling as the album progressed; she mentioned that the band seem to be "trying for too much diversity within the same tune, leaving me enjoying.. hesitating.. forgiving.. finally uncertain".
Punknews.org staff member Brian Shultz wrote that while it was a worthy effort, it suffers from the "confines that recording administers, not to mention dragging in places thanks to its overambitious push (it clocks in around 50 minutes)". Orlando Sentinel writer Jim Abbott said on occasion "all the pieces come together memorably, but occasionally one wonders if it's all worth the effort", calling it "so derivative at points that it sounds more like a tribute band than something genuinely revealing". Ashley Megan of Soundthesirens echoed a similar sentiment, stating that while the "music that results is refreshingly different," the majority of the album was "overwhelmingly bleak and moody with little song variety". The Providence Phoenix Mikael Wood compared the band to the Killers, stating that Kluepfel was "nowhere near the tunesmith head Killer Brandon Flowers is, but he's almost as shameless in his wholesale appropriations of cheesy '80s pop moves". Julie Gerstein for Punk Planet said Kluepfel came across as "so self-obsessed that it's amazing he found three dudes to play with him. Don't Cut isn't the worst thing ever, but it does sound pretty self-involved".
Track listing
All tracks written by Mark Thomas Kluepfel.
Personnel
Personnel per sleeve.
Action Action
Mark Thomas Kluepfel – vocals, synthesizer (all except track 8), guitar (all except tracks 2 and 7), loops (tracks 2, 7 and 13), sequencer (track 3), organs (tracks 4, 7, 12 and 13), mellotron (tracks 5 and 8), Wurlitzer (track 11)
Dan "Skully" Leo – drums (all except track 11)
Clarke Foley – bass (all except tracks 1 and 11), backing vocals (track 3)
Adam Manning – guitars (tracks 2 and 3)
Additional musicians
William Wittman – sequencing (tracks 1, 3 and 13), backing vocals (track 12), slide guitar (track 4)
Kris Baldwin – guitars (tracks 3, 5 and 7), EBow (track 8)
George Fullan – screams (tracks 4 and 6)
Eddie Reyes – guitars (track 5)
Gary Bennett – guitar solo (track 8)
Doug Robinson – vocals (track 10)
Production and design
William Wittman – producer, engineer, mixing
George Fullan – engineer, mixing
Dylan – assistant engineer
Matt Cullen – assistant engineer
Ue Nastasi – mastering
Doublej – layout
Mark Thomas Kluepfel – layout
Mike Duesenberg – cover concept
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Don't Cut Your Fabric to This Year's Fashion at YouTube (streamed copy where licensed)
2004 debut albums
Action Action albums
Victory Records albums
Alice Model (1856–1943) was a leader of the Union of Jewish Women. She founded and supported organisations promoting family welfare and other philanthropic causes.
Personal life
Alice Isabella Model née Sichel was born on 13 November 1856, the daughter of Henriette Goldschmidt and Gustavus Sichel, and grew up in a middle-class family that resided in Hampstead, London. Like a growing number of women of her time, Model expanded the acceptable horizons for women through her involvement in charitable activities. Married to Louis Model at twenty-four and childless, she devoted her life to social work and initiated many social services for women and children.
Maternal welfare
She sat on the Child and Maternity Committee for Stepney and represented Stepney in the London Federation of Infant Welfare Centres. In 1895 she founded the Sick Room Helps Society, which evolved into the Jewish Maternity Hospital in Underwood Street in 1911. The organisation aimed to help sick, poor and confined women within their homes in the East End. The organisation was the first of its kind in the United Kingdom, providing home helps and maternity nurses - one of the most important contributions to maternal healthcare. It provided a model for many state and private agencies which followed suit.
Alma Cogan, Lionel Bart and Arnold Wesker were born in the Jewish Maternity Hospital. It closed its doors in 1939. Despite a campaign to try and save it, in 2012 the hospital was demolished by the Peabody Trust, who have used the land to build flats.
Nursery
Model was also a key player in the formation of a nursery on Shepherd Street in Spitalfields, which initially prioritised the children of widows, so they could work and would not be completely dependent on charity. The nursery is cited as eliminating illnesses rife in the East End by providing children with regular meals, places to wash and disinfecting their clothes. Daily visits from doctors also prevented illnesses reaching epidemic proportions. By 1911 annual attendance by children reached 11342. Lady Louisa Rothschild was president of the nursery. The nursery was renamed the Alice Model Nursery School to honour Model's 80th birthday. The Alice Model Nursery School still exists in Stepney today.
Other causes
Model recruited volunteers for good causes through the Union of Jewish Women and trained them to support poorer women who shared their religion. She always emphasised self-reliance and disapproved of charity that seemed to undermine individual responsibility.
She served on a London committee for dealing with the new National Health Insurance Act (1912), and on a committee administering the National Relief Fund in World War One where she was a Jewish Board of Guardians representative. In 1933, when she was already in her seventies, she joined the Jewish Refugees Committee and helped with refugees' housing needs.
Honours
On her 70th birthday she was presented with an illuminated album inscribed with the names of 22 societies and 367 people who had been associated with her. She was appointed an MBE in the 1935 New Year's Honours list. The following year, the Alice Model Nursery School was named in her honour. (See above.)
References
Woman founders
Jewish women philanthropists
1856 births
1943 deaths
People from Hampstead
Jewish British philanthropists
Roman Borvanov (born 31 March 1982) is a professional tennis player who represents Moldova. He played NCAA collegiate tennis at the University of Portland. He represented the United States until the end of 2005.
Borvanov has won nine singles and seven doubles Futures titles in his career as well as three ATP Challenger Tour doubles titles. When he achieved his career high ATP singles ranking of 200 on October, 2011 he became the first Moldovan player to ever be ranked in the top 200.
Roman was sponsored by several top tennis and sports brands, including Loriet Sports, a super-premium activewear brand, with which he reached his highest ranking.
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 15 (9–6)
Doubles: 17 (10–7)
References
External links
Interview with him on itftennis.com
Living people
1982 births
Moldovan emigrants to the United States
Moldovan male tennis players
Sportspeople from Chișinău
Golovatchiidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. This family contains a single species, Golovatchia magda. Adult millipedes of this species have 30 segments (including the collum, the telson, and the rings in between). In the adult male of this species, the gonopod complex involves three leg pairs (pairs 8 through 10) rather than just the two (pairs 8 and 9) that are usually modified into gonopods this order.
Genera:
Golovatchia Shear, 1992
References
Chordeumatida
CP Dato' Paduka Syed Ismail bin Syed Azizan (born ) is a retired Malaysian police officer who served as Director of Bukit Aman Commercial Crime Investigation Department.
Police career
Syed Ismail joined the Police Force as an Inspector on 1 October 1977. Prior to that he worked as a bank staff first assigned to Kelantan in the Special Branch in 1978 for three and a half years and was involved with intelligence to detect communist militant activities that were still active at the time.
In 1981, he was transferred to Penang for three years in the same branch but the scope of his duties this time was focused on detecting extremist activities. He then worked in Bukit Aman Disciplinary Division (1988-1989) and Kedah Narcotics Branch (1989-1991). Then, he was promoted to Kulim District Deputy Police Chief (1992-1995) and Staff Officer of Perak Criminal Investigation Department (1995-1996).
He was later appointed Head of the International Police Unit (Interpol) Malaysia and was involved in drafting the basic training syllabus for Interpol with the Interpol Secretariat based in Lyon, France. From 2002 to 2004, he was the Deputy Head of Kuala Lumpur Criminal Investigation Department, Head of Penang Investigation Department (2004-2006) and deputy director of Bukit Aman Criminal Investigation Department (2004-2006) before becoming the Kedah Police Chief in 2007.
On 20 October 2010, he became the Director of the Bukit Aman Commercial Crime Investigation Department. He was retired on 2014.
Honours
Companion of the Order of the Defender of the Realm (J.M.N.) (2009)
Commander of the Order of Meritorious Service (P.J.N.) - Datuk (2013)
:
Member of the Exalted Order of the Crown of Kedah (A.M.K.) (2002)
Knight Companion of the Order of Loyalty to the Royal House of Kedah (D.S.D.K.) - Dato' (2006)
Knight Commander of the Glorious Order of the Crown of Kedah (D.G.M.K.) - Dato' Wira (2010)
Knight Commander of the Order of Loyalty to Sultan Abdul Halim Mu'adzam Shah (D.H.M.S.) - Dato' Paduka (2014)
Knight Commander of the Order of the Loyalty to the Crown of Kelantan (D.P.S.K.) - Dato' (2010)
Royal Malaysia Police :
Courageous Commander of The Most Gallant Police Order (PGPP) (2011)
Grand Knight of the Order of Sultan Ahmad Shah of Pahang (S.S.A.P.) - Dato' Sri (2013)
References
1954 births
Living people
Malaysian police officers
Commanders of the Order of Meritorious Service
Companions of the Order of the Defender of the Realm
Sigmen () is a village situated in the Burgas Province of Bulgaria. It is one of the 29 villages in the Karnobat Municipality located in the south-east of the country.
The village is 23.952 km2 in size and has a population of 327 as of 1 January 2007.
Sigmen Glacier on Liège Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica is named after Sigmen.
Notes
Villages in Karnobat Municipality
Aristaenetus (c. AD 365 – after AD 404) was a Roman politician who was appointed consul in AD 404 alongside the western emperor Honorius.
Biography
Aristaenetus was the son of Bassianus (a notarius in the eastern court around the year 371) and Prisca. His grandfather was Thalassius, the praetorian prefect of the East. Possibly a pagan, he was related to the rhetorician Libanius, under whom Aristaenetus was a pupil.
Aristaenetus was a supporter of Flavius Rufinus, and through his influence Aristaenetus was made praefectus urbi of Constantinople in the second half of AD 392. He also visited Antioch for some purpose in AD 393. In AD 404, he was made consul posterior in the East alongside the emperor Honorius, although his position was not recognized in the West by the power behind the western court, the magister utriusque militiae, Stilicho.
References
Sources
Martindale, J. R.; Jones, A. H. M, The Prosopography of the Later Roman Empire, Vol. I AD 260–395, Cambridge University Press (1971)
360s births
5th-century deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death unknown
4th-century Romans
5th-century Byzantine people
5th-century Roman consuls
Imperial Roman consuls
Late Roman Empire political office-holders
Urban prefects of Constantinople
John Anderson (born April 20, 1944 in Warren, Michigan - died August 5, 1986 in Charlotte, North Carolina) was an American stock car racing driver. He drove in the NASCAR Winston Cup Series between 1979 and 1983, posting the best finish of fifth.
Career
Born April 20, 1944 in Warren, Michigan, Anderson first drove in racing competition at Flat Rock Speedway in 1965, winning the Michigan Figure 8 racing championship in 1967. He was the Automobile Racing Club of America (ARCA) Rookie-of-the-Year in 1968.
During the late 1960s and 1970s Anderson was successful in competition, winning a number of track championships, along with several ARCA and American Speed Association races. He moved up to United States Auto Club (USAC) sprint car and midget car racing in 1977, and ran his first NASCAR race, in the modified series, at Charlotte Motor Speedway in the fall of that year, winning the pole for the event.
In 1979 he made his first NASCAR Winston Cup Series start, scoring a fifth-place finish in his first race, at Michigan International Speedway. He ran the majority of the 1980 season for a number of teams, scoring two top-10 finishes; towards the end of the year he was hired by John Rebham to drive for his team; in 1981, driving an Oldsmobile, he was involved in an accident, in which his car got airborne and flipped over multiple times before landing upside down, during the UNO Twin 125 qualifying races for the Daytona 500. Shortly afterwards, Rebham, impatient for results and under pressure from his sponsors, fired Anderson, replacing him with Donnie Allison. Anderson would only run a few additional races in the Winston Cup Series and Budweiser Late Model Sportsman Series before retiring.
Anderson won over 200 races of various types during his racing career. He was killed in a road accident on Interstate 85 near Charlotte, North Carolina on August 5, 1986, being survived by his wife Mary Ann and two children.
Anderson was inducted into the Michigan Motor Sports Hall of Fame in 2002.
References
External links
NASCAR drivers
1944 births
1986 deaths
Sportspeople from Warren, Michigan
Racing drivers from Michigan
Road incident deaths in North Carolina
West Studdal is a village near Dover in Kent, England. The population of the village is included in the civil parish of Sutton.
Villages in Kent
Dover District
David Anderson (born 23 December 1965) is a British boxer. He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Anderson won the 1988 Amateur Boxing Association British featherweight title, when boxing out of the Bellahouston BC.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Scottish male boxers
British male boxers
Olympic boxers of Great Britain
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Boxers from Glasgow
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Scotland
Boxers at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Featherweight boxers
George Ralph Noory (born June 4, 1950) is an American radio talk show host. Since January 2003, Noory has been the weekday host of the late-night radio talk show Coast to Coast AM. The program is syndicated to hundreds of radio stations in the U.S. and Canada by Premiere Networks. Noory has also appeared in the History Channel series Ancient Aliens and in Beyond Belief, a subscription-based online video series presented by gaia.com.
Biography
Noory grew up in Detroit with two younger sisters, the son of a Lebanese Egyptian who worked at Ford Motor Company and a Lebanese American mother. He was raised Roman Catholic. He became interested in the paranormal and ufology as a child and joined the UFO organization NICAP as a teenager. Noory claims to have served nine years in the United States Naval Reserve as a lieutenant.
Noory began his radio career as a newscaster with Detroit station WCAR-AM. From 1974–1978 he worked as a news producer and executive news producer at WJBK-TV in Detroit. He would later serve as news director for KMSP-TV in Minneapolis and as news director at KSDK-TV in St. Louis. He won three local Emmy Awards for his work in TV news.
In St. Louis, Noory formed Norcom Entertainment, Inc., a company that developed and marketed video training films to law enforcement and security agencies. In 1987, Noory and his partners in Norcom Restaurants, Inc. opened the Café Marrakesh and Oasis Bar in Brentwood, Missouri. The restaurant's theme revolved around a fictional English soldier, Col. William Berry, who opened the establishment following an exciting secret mission to Marrakesh.
In 1996, Noory hosted a late-night radio program called Nighthawk on KTRS in St. Louis, which caught the attention of executives at Premiere Radio Networks, syndicators of Coast to Coast AM. Coast to Coast AM is an American late-night radio talk show that deals with a variety of topics, but most frequently ones that relate to either the paranormal or conspiracy theories. In April 2001, Noory became a guest host for Coast to Coast AM before replacing Ian Punnett as the Sunday night host. In January 2003, following Art Bell's retirement, Noory took over as weeknight host of Coast to Coast AM.
In December 2012, Gaiam TV launched Beyond Belief with George Noory, a subscription-based webcast exploring the unknown and mysteries of the universe.
Stanton Friedman gave his last lecture with Noory in Columbus, Ohio on May 11, 2019. Friedman died 2 days later.
Reception
In a 2010 article about Noory published in The Atlantic, Timothy Lavin wrote: "Noory can be an uneven broadcaster. Sometimes he seems to not pay full attention to his guests, offers strangely obvious commentary, or—and this has alienated some fans—lets clearly delusional or pseudoscientific assertions slide by without challenge. But he listens, with heroic patience, to all of his callers."
According to Media Life Magazine, "Noory says it doesn't matter whether he believes what his callers and guests say. Ultimately, it's about entertainment, creating a show that people will be drawn to." Author and frequent Coast to Coast AM guest Whitley Strieber has commented on Noory's style, saying, "It's not that he's credulous or easily led. He's willing to take these intellectual journeys. He'll have guests on that you think are completely off the wall — nothing they're saying is real — but by the end of the program you will have made a discovery that there is a kernel of a question worth exploring."
Criticism
In March 2020, Noory voiced his opinions on the coronavirus pandemic stating: "the media is creating hysteria by blowing the figures out of proportion. The media's not putting that into perspective".
The New York Times published that George Noory was much more likely to let things go unchallenged than Art Bell: "Art was a little more, if he thought you were loo-la, he would tell you".
In a New York Times article titled 'How Local Media Spreads Misinformation From Vaccine Skeptics', Noory's show Coast to Coast AM has been part of that effect by Noory in unchallenged interviews with a large number of questionable anti-vaccine guests, who use the platform to reinforce unproven claims against the COVID-19 vaccines.
Coast to Coast AM has refused to allow Michael Horn (see theyfly.com) on the show, after in advance correct information about the covid epidemic (before the CDC) was published on futureofmankind.co.uk(see contact reports 728 on) in Nov. 2019. Michael Horn was on the show yearly before that.
Bibliography
References
External links
Profile at Coast to Coast AM
1950 births
Living people
American talk radio hosts
Radio personalities from Detroit
Coast to Coast AM
American people of Egyptian descent
American people of Lebanese descent
United States Navy officers
University of Detroit Mercy alumni
Laughter Knights is an Indian Reality competition television series. It is a spin-off of series The Great Indian Laughter Challenge. In this series all the finalist from the last four seasons is going to fight for the victory. The show aired on STAR One from 12 December 2008 and concluded on 6 March 2009. The series was Produced by Endemol India.
Plot
In an attempt to give the audience more laughter in the most authentic way, there would be pleasant variations, unlike The Great Indian Laughter Challenge (TGILC).
The participants of Laughter Knights will be the finalists of TGILC I - IV. The familiar faces, Siddhu and Mandira Bedi will grace the show with their never ending laughter and one of their kind comments.
With the traditional stand up comedy, there will be a Laughter Panchayat, where the funniest of the cases will be discussed and a judgment will be passed by none other than the knights of laughter.
Besides that, there will be exclusive, unique, never done before celebrity interviews. The Laughter Knights will interview and interact with the 'cut - outs' of famous celebrities of the television and film industry. It will be an INTERESTING interaction between the Knights & with the celebs' cut out, the questions and the discussions will leave the audience in splits of laughter.
Another new addition of Laughter Knights will be its interactive audience where the Knights' will take digs at the familiar faces in the audience & the rest of the Knights who will be there throughout the 13 episodes of the show. The feel will be a more familiar setting and a frequently interacted with audience.
Indian stand-up comedy television series
2008 Indian television series debuts
Star One (Indian TV channel) original programming
2009 Indian television series endings
Indian television spin-offs
The men's javelin throw event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 23 and 25 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
25 August
Qualifications
23 Aug
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 24 athletes from 19 countries participated in the event.
References
Javelin throw
Javelin throw at the World Athletics U20 Championships
GFEST - Gaywise FESTival is a LGBT annual cross-arts festival in London, England. It is a platform for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer artists, organizations and venues to promote LGBT and queer arts.
Organized by the arts charity Wise Thoughts, GFEST features queer artists and talented individuals specializing in various forms of art, including visual art, theatre, dance and performance, and short films. The festival also hosts debates, workshops, and parties.
In 2010, over 100 artists and 8,000 individuals took part in GFEST 10. The launches of GFEST 08, 09 and 10 took place at the Palace of Westminster; LGBT 08 was the first LGBT arts initiative launched at the House of Commons.
GFEST 2011 was held from 7 to 20 November 2011, the fifth year in which the festival was hosted.
The festival's artistic director was CEO and Artistic Director of Wise Thoughts, Niranjan Kamatkar.
The events of the 13th year of GFEST - Gaywise FESTival 2020 were presented online for the first time in precautionary response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Between 9 and 21 November 2020, daily publishing of over a dozen filmed stories and recordings of live webinars with BAME and LGBTQI+ people from across the UK were presented online.
References
External links
GFEST - Gaywise FESTival
Wise Thoughts
Arts festivals in England
LGBT events in England
LGBT culture in London
Arts charities
LGBT film festivals in the United Kingdom
Chhapar is a small village in Jhajjar district in the state of Haryana, India. It is from Jhajjar, which is both the District & Sub-District headquarters. It is from New Delhi and from National Highway 71 on the road from Kulana to Kosli.
It had a population of 2,878 among 567 households.
There is a temple of Shri Baba Ganga Das in Chhapar.
Language
The native language of Chhapar is Haryanvi and most of the village people speak Haryanvi. People of Chhapar use Hindi and English languages for their official communications.
Transportation
National Highway 71 is 7.4 km away from Chhapar. The nearest railway station is Machhrauli which lies on the Rewari-Rohtak line. Rewari Junction is the nearest major railway junction which is about 40 km away. The nearest airport is Indira Gandhi International Airport at New Delhi, 77 km away.
Education
There are three schools functional in the village, Govt Senior Secondary School Chhapar, S D Senior Secondary School Chhapar and Gurukul Public School Chhapar. Jhajjar, Rohtak and Delhi are the nearby options for higher education.
Sports
Naveen Kumar of Chhapar is an athlete who has represented India several times. He won bronze medal at the Asian Games 2014.
Wrestling and cricket are also popular games in Chhapar and there are many National level wrestlers in the village.
See also
Girdharpur, Jhajjar
Khudan
Neola, Jhajjar
Sarola
References
Villages in Jhajjar district
Kentro Neotitas Maroniton was a Cypriot football club based in Limassol (1977-1983) and then in Nicosia. The team was playing sometimes in Second and sometimes in the Third and Fourth Division.
Honours
Cypriot Third Division:
Champions (1): 1981
Cypriot Fourth Division:
Champions (1): 1991
References
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
The 1926 Hong Kong Sanitary Board election was held on 12 April 1926 for replacing the retiring C. Grenville Alabaster in the Sanitary Board of Hong Kong. It was one of the few contests in the Sanitary Board elections.
Only ratepayers who were included in the Special and Common Jury Lists of the years or ratepayers who are exempted from serving on Juries on account of their professional avocations, unofficial members of the Executive or Legislative Council, or categories of profession were entitled to vote at the election.
Two nominations were received from former Board member Dr. F. M. G. Ozorio and Dr. Ho Sai-chuen. Dr. Ozorio was once the member of the Board for nine years until he resigned in 1925. He was nominated by Mr. C. A. da Roza and seconded by mr. J. M. d'Almada Remedios. Dr. Ho was nominated by Dr. S. F. Lee and seconded by Dr. Robert Kotewall.
Result
Citations
References
Endacott, G. B. Government and people in Hong Kong, 1841-1962 : a constitutional history Hong Kong University Press. (1964)
The Hong Kong Government Gazette
Hong Kong
1926 in Hong Kong
Sanitary
April 1926 events
1926 elections in the British Empire
Mary S. Young Park is a city park in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is located within the city of West Linn, alongside the Willamette River, and is heavily wooded. It offers more than five miles of hiking trails, bicycle trails, picnicking, bird watching, fishing, sports fields, and a very popular dog off-leash area.
The park was created via a donation by Mary Scarborough Young and her husband Thomas E. Young. It was named after Mrs. Young and dedicated on August 7, 1973. It was once owned by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department, but is now owned and operated by the West Linn Parks and Recreation.
"Mary S. Young Park offers you a peaceful place to walk or sit by the Willamette River. About 128 acres, this quiet, forested park is a favorite for urban birders. As you walk deeper into the forest on the numerous trails (5-8 miles worth), it's easy to forget you're in a city."
"It's a quick but refreshing stop if you don't have time for a drive to the country. Plenty of room for kids to play on the sports fields, a restroom, shelter (that can be reserved), and an area for dogs to run unleashed."
See also
West Linn, Oregon
List of rivers in Oregon
References
External links
Mary S. Young Park
Parks in Clackamas County, Oregon
Ellendale is a ghost town in Polk County, Oregon, United States, about two and a half miles west of Dallas. It was the first settlement in present-day Polk County by non-Kalapuyans. The community's name changed over the years, with the first post office in Polk County being opened in this locality as "O'Neils Mills" in 1850. The post office was renamed "Nesmiths" (Or "Nesmiths Mills") in 1850 and discontinued in 1852. The community was eventually renamed Ellendale.
History
James A. O'Neil built the county's first gristmill at the confluence of La Creole Creek (now Rickreall Creek) and O'Neils Creek over the winter of 1844–1845. The site was chosen for its proximity to water power for the mill, timber and a rock quarry that could provide millstones. The most important factor for siting the mill at this location, however, was its proximity to the Siskiyou Trail. A community formed around the mill as it was one of only two gristmills on the west side of the Willamette River at the time and it served settlers from as far away as northern Yamhill County and south as far as Linn and Benton counties. O'Neil offered lodging and a store for people who had made the long trip to his mill. Miners on their way to the California Gold Rush would also stop at the community for flour for the journey.
In 1849, a flood destroyed the mill and O'Neil sold his interest to James W. Nesmith and Henry Owen, who rebuilt it as "Nesmith's Mill". In 1856 the mill was sold again to Hudson & Company but in November 1857 it was closed because more mills had been built in the area and it was no longer needed. In 1863, the mill site, water power and land were sold to judge Reuben P. Boise, whose donation land claim adjoined the property. La Creole Creek was renamed "Ellen's Dale" after Boise's wife, and soon both the creek and the community were renamed "Ellendale".
In 1860, one of Oregon's earliest woolen mills was started in Ellendale by Boise and several others, who had bought and converted a sawmill that had been built upstream from the gristmill in 1854. The sawmill had the only planer in that part of Oregon, most boards still being hand-dressed at the time. In 1870 Boise's mill burned down. Nothing is left at the site today.
The Pumping Station Bridge in the Ellendale area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, however, it collapsed in 1987 and was removed from the list.
See also
List of ghost towns in Oregon
References
External links
Historic images of Ellendale from Salem Public Library
Historic images of Pumping Station Bridge from Salem Public Library
Ghost towns in Oregon
Former populated places in Polk County, Oregon
1850 establishments in Oregon Territory
Oldthort or Oultort () is a townland near Portumna, County Galway, Ireland, mainly along the Tynagh Road. Oultort townland has an area of , and had a population of 70 people as of the 2011 census.
Further reading
Lickmolassy by the Shannon: A History of Gortanumera and Surrounding Parishes by John Joe Conwell (1998)
References
Townlands of County Galway
The State Company Russian Highways (, commonly referred to as Avtodor) is the Russian state infrastructure and highway service company. The company was founded in 2009, and is based in Moscow.
Avtodor allocates and manages funds from the federal budget for the construction, development and operation of motorways and highways. Avtodor attracts private sector investments in the implementation of long-term infrastructure projects.
From 2013 to 2016, Avtodor announced bids for ten large-scale projects, including the financing, construction and operation of four central ring road start-up blocks, two phases in the construction of the new Moscow–Saint Petersburg motorway and a road to Tsemdolina that is part of the Novorossiysk transport hub. Bids were also announced for the design, renovation and operation of an M1 highway section and operation contracts for two M4 highway sections.
References
External links
Company website
Transport companies of Russia
Government-owned companies of Russia
Companies based in Moscow
The SLUG Queen, slug queen, or S.L.U.G. Queen (an acronym for the "Society for the Legitimization of the Ubiquitous Gastropod"), is a humorous character concept considered to be the unofficial goodwill ambassador of the City Of Eugene, Oregon, United States. The Slug Queen presides over many popular events in Eugene, including the Eugene Celebration (not held since 2015), an alternative festival, and The EUG Parade. The Slug Queen has never been the domain of the Eugene Celebration despite their origin connection. In fact, the Slug Queen concept was born as a direct response in opposition to the conventional nature of the name "Eugene Celebration". A new SLUG Queen is crowned on the second Friday in August after a public competition. The queen is named "SLUG" as a rebellious nod to the more common tradition of crowning agricultural queens, often selected for beauty, as opposed to wit and audacity. Slugs were selected to celebrate because they are ubiquitous in the Willamette Valley, they are antithetical to traditional or stereotypical mascots, and they symbolize creativity and unbridled good-natured humor. The newly crowned SLUG is referred to as the "Raining" SLUG Queen. After a year of "rain" the SLUG Queen is promoted to Old Queen (never former or past).
Coronation
The annual coronation process somewhat resembles a formal beauty pageant, but with a campy spin. The slug-themed pageant started in 1983, and Eugene celebrated the SLUG Queen coronation's 25th year with a Silver Jubilee in August 2007. The Silver Jubilee Queen is Old Queen Glorious Gastropause, also known as comedian Leigh Anne Jasheway. To date there are 36 SLUG Queens, the latest being "Raining" Queen Sluggarita Incognita. Slugs are gender neutral, therefore SLUG Queens may identify as any gender. As of 2018, nine of 36 SLUG Queens are male.
History
The Slug Queen was first conceived in 1983 as a backlash to the Eugene City Council choosing the characterless name 'Eugene Celebration' for a citywide festival. After the successful opening of the Hult Center in 1982, City Council determined that an annual celebration of Art, Culture, and commerce in Eugene would be advantageous. Cynthia Wooten, a city councilwoman, was discussing the idea of a uniquely Eugene festival and parade with then City Manager Mike Gleason. Gleason purportedly wanted to name the city festival simply the 'Eugene Celebration' according to Wooten. Wooten, along with Karl Eysenbach and Paul Ollswang, argued for the name "Slugfest," but this was turned down by the rest of the City Council.
Alana Probst organized the first Slugfest as an alternative to (and parody of) other cities' beauty pageants in her own backyard where the first Slug Queen was elected. The rebel group then entered a parade float in the first Eugene Celebration Parade shaped like a giant Slug with the first Slug Queen, a man named Bruce Gordon, riding in drag on it. This movement was in direct opposition to the wishes of the rest of the city council but was instantly popular with the crowds.
The Slug Queen Competition and Coronation grew to be an annual event. Rather than perpetuating typical beauty queen standards, the originators chose as their emblem a life form more in keeping with the Pacific Northwest's soggy climate and Eugene's iconoclastic spirit: the humble slug. Since 1991, the Slug Queen coronation has been organized by Kim Still, who was the manager of the Eugene Saturday Market.
Selection Criteria
The new SLUG Queen is now selected annually on the second Friday evening in August in a three part competition that involves costume judging (based on campy appeal and overall sluggishness), a three-minute on-stage talent performance, and a single question designed to test the quick wit of each contestant. The SLUG Queen is chosen by a collection of past queens officially referred to as "old," not "former" queens, as one of their mottoes is "once a Queen--always a Queen." The judges base their assessments on three factors: originality, creativity, and a flamboyant outgoing personality.
One important aspect that sets the SLUG Queen pageant apart from others is that bribery is accepted and encouraged and the judging is done by a panel of Old Queens. The moment a new queen is crowned, the old queens are open to bribery. Creative bribes curry the most favor with the old queens. They annually remind budding hopefuls to "Bribe early and bribe often." Since SLUG Queens retain the title of queen for life, and the power to crown new queens, they remain a vibrant, visible and vocal part of the community in their royal character. They use this visibility to raise awareness and funds for local causes and charities and host events in character.
SLUG Queen duties
The new SLUG Queen presides over the parade at the Eugene Celebration on a roving date in August, where the queen meets the public for her first official duty. She is also expected to open the Mayor's Art Show, and the Salon de Refuse, a pun on Salon des Refusés, deliver a benediction at the Maude Kerns Art Center Jello Art Show in April, hold a charitable ball for the charity of her choice, and "rain" over the coronation for the following year's SLUG Queen. She may choose to make other appearances throughout the year including the Oregon Country Fair, Da Vinci Days, ribbon cuttings and openings, fashion shows, and Art and the Vineyard, among others.
The Slug Queens pride themselves on representing the diversity of the City of Eugene. Anyone over the age of 21 is electable, provided they are able to impress the Old Queens. Of the 32 Slug Queens to date, eight have been men, including: the first Slug Queen Bruce 1983; a postal worker, Queen Dave 1987; a student, Queen Marionberry 1994; a drag queen, Queen Bagonda 1997; an artist with cerebral palsy, Queen Peterella 1998; actor Mark Van Beever, Queen Anislugsia 2009; comedian Daniel Borson, Queen Professor Bulbous Slimbledore 2014; and disability rights advocate Mark Roberts, Queen Markalo Parkalo 2015.
1993 Very Old Queen Bananita Sluginsky, Sarah Ulerick, is the first Russian-Western-American SLUG Queen. In her spare time, she is Dean of Science at Lane Community College and a perennial favorite as emcee for the annual competition.
Slug queens never lose their prestigious titles. After their "raining" year they are promoted to "Old Queen" for the next decade, then "Very Old Queen", "Very, Very Old Queen" and "Exquisitely Old Queen" at each subsequent decade .
2008's Queen "Marie Slugtoinette," appeared as a hedcut drawing on the front page of the Wall Street Journal. Slugtoinette's alter ego, Designer Constance Van Flandern, is also known for her work coining the term "Alpha Mom" for the cable network of the same name.
References
External links
SLUG Queen Eugene Site
Long Live the S.L.U.G. Queen!
Slugging it out in Oregon
Prof. Slimebledore is New Slug Queen
Slug Queen Competition Preps Under Way
Festivals in Eugene, Oregon
Beauty pageants in the United States
People from Eugene, Oregon
1983 establishments in Oregon
Annual events in Eugene, Oregon
History of women in Oregon
This is a list of films which ranked number one at the weekend box office for the year 2021.
Number-one films
Highest-grossing films
Calendar gross
Highest-grossing films of 2021 by Calendar Gross
In-year release
See also
Lists of American films — American films by year
Lists of box office number-one films
Additional notes
References
Chronology
2021
2021 in American cinema
United States
Vincent L. Griffith is the former director of Defense Logistics Agency operations, served over thirty years in United States Navy at various posts such as commander of the Naval Supply Systems Command, Global Logistics Support, and later, director of DLA Aviation, commanding officer of the United States Fleet Forces Command for Norfolk, Virginia, and rear admiral in the U.S. navy before his retirement to the service in 2017. Government of the United States conferred numerous awards upon Vincent, including Defense Superior Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Meritorious Service Medals, and five Commendation Medals.
Prior to his rear admiral post, he served supply officer of a fleet ballistic missile submarine and two aircraft carriers such as USS Stonewall Jackson, USS Saratoga and USS John C. Stennis. Griffith was also serving at navy ship Charleston Naval Shipyard for South Carolina and Naval Supply Systems Command unit for Washington, D.C.
Biography
In 1981, Griffith graduated from Berry College where he did bachelor's degree in Business administration. Later, he attended George Washington University and did MBA. After completing bachelor's and master's degree, he then went to a private research university in Atlanta, Emory University and did Advance Management Program. Griffith also attended University of Virginia where he did Navy Corporate Business Course. In 1982, he was commissioned with a junior rank of a commissioned officerEnsign in the Navy Supply Corps.
References
External links
Vincent L. Griffith at U.S. Department of Defense
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Berry College alumni
George Washington University School of Business alumni
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
Andoni Vivanco-Guzmán (born 15 October 1990) is a Spanish former professional tennis player.
Born in Getxo, Vivanco-Guzmán competed mostly on the ITF Futures circuit, where he won a total of 18 titles across singles and doubles. He had career best rankings of 408 in singles and 307 in doubles. His only ATP Tour main draw appearance came in doubles at the 2008 Valencia Open.
Vivanco-Guzmán is a former tour coach of Lara Arruabarrena.
ITF Futures titles
Singles: (3)
Doubles: (15)
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Spanish male tennis players
Sportspeople from Biscay
Sportspeople from Getxo
Tennis players from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Lord and Lady Algy is a comedy play by the British writer R. C. Carton which premiered in London in 1898, starring his wife, Katherine Compton, and Charles Hawtrey. In New York it played at the Empire Theatre in May 1899, running for 111 performances, and was revived on Broadway later in 1899, 1903 and 1917.
Film adaptation
In 1919 the play was turned into an American silent film of the same title directed by Harry Beaumont.
References
Sources
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
1898 plays
British plays adapted into films
Plays set in England
Plays by R. C. Carton
Helen Hunt Falls is a waterfall located on Cheyenne Creek in the North Cheyenne Cañon Park of Colorado Springs, Colorado.
The falls are located on North Cheyenne Creek immediately off North Cheyenne Canyon Road in the North Cheyenne Canyon Park. There is parking for about 30 vehicles at the falls and it becomes crowded early during summer months when visits to the canyon are popular among locals and tourists. The Columbine Trail, which starts at the entrance of the Park by the Starsmore Visitor and Nature Center, terminates at Helen Hunt Falls. Visitors can hike a short distance of about 2/3 of a mile () up a moderately steep trail above Helen Hunt Falls to reach Silver Cascade Falls.
The falls are named in honor of Helen Maria Hunt Jackson (October 15, 1830 – August 12, 1885), a United States poet and writer who became an activist on behalf of improved treatment of Native Americans by the U.S. government. She died in San Francisco, California in 1885 and was later buried in Colorado Springs.
Images
References
See also
Waterfalls of Colorado
Waterfalls of Colorado
Landforms of El Paso County, Colorado
Parks in Colorado Springs, Colorado
Cascade waterfalls
Cannon is an unincorporated community in Sussex County, Delaware, United States. Cannon is located on Delaware Route 18 south of Bridgeville.
History
Cannon's population was 25 in 1890, 16 in 1900, and 150 in 1960.
References
Unincorporated communities in Sussex County, Delaware
Unincorporated communities in Delaware
Gokalgarh is a village Near Hanuman Mandir Astal in Rewari block, in the Indian state of Haryana. It is a village at about from Rewari city and is situated on Rewari- Jhajjar District Road.
Railway Station
It has a railway station from Rewari, It is first on Rewari-Rohtak line. Its railway station is away from Rewari Bus stand.
Demographics of 2011
As of 2011 India census, Gokalgarh is a large village with total 12750 families residing. The Gokalgarh village has population of 6331 of which 3341 are males while 2990 are females as per Population Census 2011.
In Gokalgarh village population of children with age 0-6 is 762 which makes up 12.04% of total population of village. Average Sex Ratio of Gokalgarh village is 895 which is higher than Haryana state average of 879. Child Sex Ratio for the Gokalgarh as per census is 736, lower than Haryana average of 834.
Gokalgarh village has higher literacy rate compared to Haryana. In 2011, literacy rate of Gokalgarh village was 81.88% compared to 75.55% of Haryana. In Gokalgarh Male literacy stands at 93.49% while female literacy rate was 69.25%.
As per constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act, Gokalgarh village is administrated by Sarpanch (Head of Village) who is elected representative of village.
Adjacent villages
Mastapur
Guraora
Kulana
Lisana
Bikaner
References
Villages in Rewari district
South Carolina Highway 389 (SC 389) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects Neeses and Perry.
Route description
SC 389 begins at an intersection with SC 39 (West Railroad Avenue/Festival Trail Road) in Perry, within Aiken County. It travels to the southeast, enters Orangeburg County, and intersects SC 394 (Salley Road) at a point northeast of Salley. Less than later, it intersects SC 3 (Capital Way). The highway continues to the southeast and enters the city limits of Neeses. It curves to the east-northeast and crosses over railroad tracks before meeting its eastern terminus, an intersection with U.S. Route 321 (US 321; Savannah Highway). Here, the roadway continues as Ninety Six Road.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 389 South Carolina Hwy Index
389
Transportation in Orangeburg County, South Carolina
Transportation in Aiken County, South Carolina
Beylikköprü is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Shorea confusa is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae. The species name is derived from Latin ( = confused) and refers to the fact that this species is often misidentified as Shorea virescens. S. confusa is endemic to Borneo. It is an emergent tree, up to tall, in mixed dipterocarp forest on clay-rich soils. It is a light hardwood sold under the trade names of white meranti. S. confusa is found in at least three protected areas (Lambir National Park, Bukit Taviu and Ulu Telupid Forest Reserves), but is threatened elsewhere due to habitat loss.
References
confusa
Endemic flora of Borneo
Trees of Borneo
Pender v Lushington (1877) 6 Ch D 70 is a leading case in UK company law, which confirms that a company member's right to vote may not be interfered with, because it is a right of property. Furthermore, any interference leads to a personal right of a member to sue in his own name to enforce his right. As Lord Jessel MR put it, a member:
Facts
The articles of association of the Direct United States Cable Company Ltd, registered under the Companies Act 1862 provided that no member would be allowed to vote on more than 100 shares at any meeting, and each block of ten shares was counted as one vote. It also provided that "the company shall not be affected with notice of any trust", a standard provision in company articles that is meant to allow companies to avoid complications or liability to the ultimate beneficiaries of shares.
Mr John Pender had bought 1000 shares. He was also chairman of Globe Telegraph and Trust Company Ltd, a holding company of a large group with competitors to the Direct United States Cable Company. Mr Pender had split his votes and registered the holders under the names of a number of nominees. After more than three months he then proposed the following motion at a general meeting.
“That it is expedient to put an end to the present antagonism of this company towards the Anglo-American Telegraph Company and its connections, and to work this company's cable in friendly alliance with their lines; and that a committee of shareholders be appointed to be named by the meeting to confer with the directors as to the best method of giving effect to this resolution, and to report to the shareholders thereon at such time as the meeting shall appoint.”
The opponents to the motion, including the company's directors and the chairman, Mr Lushington, proposed to amend the resolution so it had the opposite effect. Mr Pender and his nominees voted against any amendment and would have won if the votes of the nominees were counted. But Mr Lushington refused to have the nominees votes counted. He, along with other supporters of the motion sued for an injunction.
Judgment
Lord Jessel MR held that Pender could have an injunction for his vote to be recorded. Pender's vote was a property right which could not be interfered with, nor were the motives in this case such as to make the vote invalid. Furthermore, as a matter of litigation, Pender could sue in the name of the company, as well as in his own name. Interference with a personal right created both a derivative claim and a personal action.
See also
UK company law
UK public service law
Ashby v White (1703) 92 ER 126
Allen v Gold Reefs of West Africa Ltd [1900] 1 Ch 656, shareholders must, however, cast their votes bona fide for the benefit of the company as a whole
Andrews v Gas Meter Company [1897] 1 Ch 361
Isle of Wight Railway Company v Tahourdin (1884) LR 25 Ch D 320
Notes
References
United Kingdom company case law
1877 in case law
1877 in British law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
José Rodriguez (born 17 June 1967) is a Spanish water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1967 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Barcelona
Michael S. Weiner (December 21, 1961 – November 21, 2013) was an American attorney who served as the executive director of the Major League Baseball Players Association for four years. He assumed the role on June 22, 2009, replacing Donald Fehr, becoming only the fifth executive director of the union. Weiner joined the organization in September 1988 and had been general counsel since 2004.
Biography
He was born in Paterson, New Jersey. He moved to Pompton Lakes, New Jersey at the age of two and attended Pompton Lakes High School.
With Weiner at the helm, the union signed an agreement in November 2011 for a five-year contract running until December 2016, which ensured 21 consecutive years of labor peace in Major League Baseball. The agreement allowed for blood testing for human growth hormone, introduced restraints on bonuses for amateur draft picks and international signings, and restored salary arbitration eligibility for part of a class of players that lost it in the 1980s.
Weiner received his undergraduate degree in political economy from Williams College in 1983. He graduated from Harvard Law School in 1986. From 1986 to 1988, Michael served as law clerk to H. Lee Sarokin, then United States District Court Judge, in Newark, New Jersey.
A resident of Mansfield Township, Warren County, New Jersey, Weiner was an active congregant of the Jewish Center of Northwest Jersey in Warren County
Weiner was diagnosed with a brain tumor in August 2012, and died 15 months later, on November 21, 2013. He was 51 years old. He was succeeded by his deputy, Tony Clark, the first former Major League Baseball player to lead the union.
References
External links
MLBPA Bio
Major League Baseball Players Association executive directors
Major League Baseball labor relations
Harvard Law School alumni
Sportspeople from Paterson, New Jersey
People from Pompton Lakes, New Jersey
Pompton Lakes High School alumni
Williams College alumni
1961 births
2013 deaths
New Jersey lawyers
Deaths from brain cancer in the United States
Jewish American baseball people
Sportspeople from Passaic County, New Jersey
Sportspeople from Warren County, New Jersey
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American Jews
(Brihat-katha-shloka-sangraha, बृहत्कथाश्लोकसंग्रह), "Verse Abridgment of the Great Story", is Budhasvāmin's abridgement into Sanskrit verse of the now lost Great Story (). It tells the legend of the youthful exploits of prince Naravāhanadatta (Nara-vahana-datta).
Story
The main story narrates Naravāhanadatta's progress culminating in his destined enthronement as the emperor of the vidhyādharas, celestial beings with magical abilities, winning twenty-six wives along the way. The surviving manuscripts of the text break off while he is in pursuit of his sixth wife. The narrative is fast-paced and eschews lengthy description.
It is also unusually homogeneous and hasn't suffered the intrusion of interpolation: Budha·svamin's laconic style remains consistent throughout. ... Occasional allusions show that Budha·svamin had a thorough grounding in the various sciences that made up the traditional brahmin education ... [and] a wonderfully wide acquaintance with all manner of people and places in the ancient Indian world. The action happens in cities like Ujjayinī [modern Ujjain], Vārānasi [modern Varanasi or Benares], Champa and Madurai, in royal palaces and their harems and parks, in courtesans' parlours and boudoirs, in merchants' mansions, caravans and ships, in paupers' hovels and slums, in outcastes' villages, in ascetics' hermitages, in cremation grounds, on festive pilgrimages, in gambling dens and in jungles, mountains and deserts. The incidental descriptions of these places suggest their authors' personal acquaintance with them.
Somadeva's Kathāsaritsāgara (Ocean of Streams of Story) and Ksemendra's Brhatkathamanjari are other works said ultimately to derive from the same lost Great Story.
Notes
References
Budhasvamin's : A Literary Study of an Ancient Indian Narrative by E.P. Maten, Leiden, Netherlands: E. J. Brill, 1973.
English translations
(2 Volumes)
External links
About Budhasvāmin on eNotes
Clay Sanskrit Library (official page)
Sanskrit literature
Ghosts VI: Locusts is the eleventh studio album by American industrial rock band Nine-Inch Nails. It was released as a free download on March 26, 2020, as a show of solidarity with the band's fans during the COVID-19 pandemic. It was released simultaneously with the tenth Nine Inch Nails album, Ghosts V: Together, and is the third release of the Ghosts series.
Background
In 2019, after releasing their eighth soundtrack to the film Bird Box, Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross completed a subsequent score for The Woman in the Window; however, when the production studio decided to re-edit the film after test screenings, Reznor and Ross' score was withdrawn. When evoking the project, Reznor admitted, “It's frustrating when you did that much work and it's gone. And we were proud—and they were proud—of the movie that it was.”
In March 2020, following two subsequent 2019 soundtracks Watchmen and Waves, Reznor announced two unexpected releases, Ghosts V: Together and Ghosts VI: Locusts, for free download through the official Nine Inch Nails website, YouTube channel, and streaming platforms: "Hours and hours of music. Free. Some of it kind of happy, some not so much." The band's website added, "As the news seems to turn ever more grim by the hour, we've found ourselves vacillating wildly between feeling like there may be hope at times to utter despair—often changing minute to minute. Although each of us define ourselves as antisocial-types who prefer being on our own, this situation has really made us appreciate the power and need for CONNECTION."
Critical reception
Ghosts VI: Locusts received generally positive reviews from music critics, with an average rating of 80 out of 100 based on ten reviews on Metacritic. NME critic James McMahon has described the record "as unsettling as a record entitled locust should be," while referring to the whole project as "music for daydreams." Kory Grow of Rolling Stone noted that "the music turns much darker in Ghosts VI, which, by proxy, makes it the more interesting of the two;" Grow also stated that "somehow they [Ghosts V–VI] sound more considered and complete than the initial Ghosts volumes." Pitchfork critic Sean T. Collins described the record as "anxious and anxiety-inducing" and further remarked: "Yet without Togethers relatively rousing melodic template and pacing to propel it, Locusts often feels like its titular swarm, devouring itself for 80-plus minutes until there's not much left by the end."
For Jon Pareles of The New York Times, Ghosts VI offers none of the "meditative" or "melodic" "sanctuary" of Ghosts V. "It is harrowing from end to end, stoked with rhythmic tension, dissonance and amorphous noise: a soundscape of impending collapse and inexorable entropy." The album "thrusts the anxiety upfront. Tracks tick and pulse with the tensest kind of minimalistic repetition, and when piano and bell tones appear, they're usually brittle, not cozy."
Spins John Paul Bullock thought that the record was "much more menacing" than Ghosts V, adding that "there's a feeling of forward momentum to the entire album but we might not like where it's headed." Remarking that "things sound and feel more industrialised" on Ghosts VI, Sputnikmusic's staff critic Simon referred to the album as "an all-out Lynchian nightmare." Neil Z. Yeung made a similar comparison in the review for AllMusic, remarking "A stray discordant key here, an ominous atmospheric sound effect there, Locusts may not offer any hope or solace, but it's objectively the more interesting experience."
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Nine-Inch Nails albums
2020 albums
Albums produced by Trent Reznor
Albums produced by Atticus Ross
Albums free for download by copyright owner
Self-released albums
Surprise albums
The Null Corporation albums
Albums about the COVID-19 pandemic
Albums impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic
A Hash House Fraud is a 1915 film short (16 minute) directed by Charley Chase featuring the Keystone Cops.
A "hash house" is an early 20th century American term for a cheap eating house. The film possibly gave birth to the term riot squad.
Plot
The action takes place at the Busy Bee Beanery, a small cafe where a notice asks "Don't Flirt withe the Cashier". The cashier is arguing with the owner. A Chaplin-esque customer arrives, downs some sauce, and sits staring at the cashier. The cashier is chewing gum and the customer gets her to stretch it far enough that he can steal a bit to eat.
Two large plates arrive but the food is too rubbery to eat. The owner calls the chef and hits him with the food when he appears at the serving hatch. The chef then traps the owners head by sliding the hatch and gets a frying pan to go round and scald the owners backside. The cashier rescues the boss.
A new customer arrives and orders a frankfurter sandwich. The chef says he has none so the owner puts his finger in a glove and puts it in a bun. He shows the customer then withdraws his finger as he puts it down. The customer complains and the owner claims he ate it. The customer stomps off without paying.
The cashier shows the owner the empty cash drawer. The owner goes to try to sell his business while the chef flirts with the cashier. The owner brings back enough men to fill the cafe, offering them a free meal. The cashier is told to ring up $1 each time one leaves even though they pay nothing. A prospective buyer and his wife are fooled into thinking that business is good and offer to buy the cafe. The buyer goes to the kitchen and counts out his cash. He tells the cashier she can stay and his wife starts to get annoyed. The wife takes over as cashier and the original cashier goes to the kitchen to collect her wages.
However, the new buyer's wife does not let the remaining customers leave without paying. The customers explain the deal they were offered and the buyer tries to get the owner who is hiding in the kitchen. The chef defends the door with two meat cleavers. A fight breaks out in the cafe. The wife goes outside and calls over two policemen. At the same time the buyer uses a telephone to call the Keystone Cops in their police station. He asks for the riot squad.
The two nearby police enter first. The owner and cashier escape by the kitchen door and go to the front. He tries to crank start the buyer's roadster. Once it starts the cashier jumps in and they speed off. The Keystone Cops arrive in their car and the angry crowd tell them to chase the stolen car. They give chase firing their revolvers in the air. The cars pass each other repeatedly then the roadster hits the end of the pier and owner and cashier are thrown into the sea by the inertia.
The Cops the chef the buyer and his wife assemble on the pier and throw the cashier a lifeline. She is pulled out. The buyer hugs his wife and the chef hugs the cashier. The owner is not seen again.
Characters
see
Hugh Fay as the owner
Louise Fazenda as the cashier
Fritz Schade as the chef
Don Barclay as Chaplinesue customer (uncredited)
Harry Bernard as the prospective purchaser
Billie Brockwell as the buyer's wife
Chester Conklin as police chief
Harold J. Binney as first customer
Fred Fishback as second customer
Billy Gilbert as third customer
Glen Cavender as policeman (uncredited)
Charles Lakin as policeman (uncredited)
References
1915 films
Andrej Čadež (born September 12, 1942 in Ljubljana) is a Slovene physicist and astrophysicist.
He is the author of Fizika zvezd published in Ljubljana in 1986.
External links
Bibliography
Slovenian physicists
Slovenian astronomers
Scientists from Ljubljana
1942 births
Living people
Astrophysicists
Pruinescence , or pruinosity, is a "frosted" or dusty-looking coating on top of a surface. It may also be called a pruina (plural: pruinae), from the Latin word for hoarfrost. The adjectival form is pruinose .
Entomology
In insects, a "bloom" caused by wax particles on top of an insect's cuticle covers up the underlying coloration, giving a dusty or frosted appearance. The pruinescence is commonly white to pale blue in color but can be gray, pink, purple, or red; these colors may be produced by Tyndall scattering of light. When pale in color, pruinescence often strongly reflects ultraviolet.
Pruinescence is found in many species of Odonata, particularly damselflies of the families Lestidae and Coenagrionidae, where it occurs on the wings and body. Among true dragonflies it is most common on male Libellulidae (skimmers).
In the common whitetail and blue dasher dragonflies (Plathemis lydia and Pachydiplax longipennis), males display the pruinescence on the back of the abdomen to other males as a territorial threat. Other Odonata may use pruinescence to recognize members of their own species or to cool their bodies by reflecting radiation away.
Plants, fungi, and lichens
The term pruinosity is also applied to "blooms" on plants—for example, on the skin of grapes—and to powderings on the cap and stem of mushrooms, which can be important for identification.
An epinecral layer is "a layer of horny dead fungal hyphae with indistinct lumina in or near the cortex above the algal layer".
References
Insect morphology
Plant morphology
Concerto Barocco is a neoclassical ballet made for students at the School of American Ballet by George Balanchine, subsequently ballet master and co-founder of New York City Ballet, to Johann Sebastian Bach's Concerto in D minor for Two Violins, BWV 1043. After an open dress rehearsal on May 29, 1941, in the Little Theatre of Hunter College, New York, the official premiere took place June 27, 1941, at Teatro Municipal in Rio de Janeiro as part of American Ballet Caravan's South American tour.
Concerto Barocco subsequently entered the repertory of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, premiering on September 9, 1945, at New York City Center. The New York City Ballet premiere was October 11, 1948, as one of three ballets on the program of its first performance at New York City Center.
Three years later, in 1951, Balanchine replaced the original costumes with leotards and tights, in what has come to be regarded as signature costumes for his contemporary works. He said that in the first movement of Concerto Barocco the two ballerinas personify the violins, and that, "If the dance designer sees in the development of classical dancing a counterpart in the development of music, and has studied them both, he will derive continual inspiration from great scores."
Original cast
Marie-Jeanne
Mary Jane Shea
William Dollar
Footnotes
Reviews
Sunday NY Times by John Martin, July 27, 1941
Sunday NY Times by John Martin, November 7, 1943
Sunday NY Times by John Martin, August 26, 1945
NY Times by John Martin, September 10, 1945
NY Times by John Martin, September 14, 1951
NY Times by Alastair Macaulay, April 29, 2009
External links
Concerto Barocco on the Balanchine Trust website
Ballets by George Balanchine
Ballets to the music of Johann Sebastian Bach
1941 ballet premieres
Ballets Russes productions
New York City Ballet repertory
Renirie Rocks () is an elliptical rock outcrop 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km) long at the west side of the terminus of Gressitt Glacier, 10 nautical miles (18 km) northwest of Morozumi Range. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Jack Renirie, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) Public Information Officer at McMurdo Station in at least five austral summer seasons, 1962-63 through 1970–71.
Rock formations of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
MV Mega Bakti is a submarine rescue ship operated by the Royal Malaysian Navy (RMN). The ship was specially designed and built by Keppel Singmarine for use in Malaysia.
Development
Keppel Singmarine signed a contract with the RMN on 12 July 2012. The RMN officially received Mega Bakti on 24 September 2013 and placed her under the RMN Submarine Headquarters (MAKS) based on Sepanggar in Sabah. The ship is designed to be surface support vessel for submarine rescue and offers its services in two forms. The head of operations (SMER-I) is charged with demonstrations and training; other operations include training ship divers, search and rescue (SAR), torpedo recovery.
Characteristics
The ship is fitted with a double lock decompression chamber (DDC) and global positioning system intelligent buoy tracking system (GIB), and a remotely-operated vehicle (ROV). The ROV is controlled remotely by operators via a cable connected to the Mega Bakti. During a rescue operation, the ROV is used to install the distressed submarine ventilation and depressurization system (DSVSD) at a depth of up to 400 meters. It is capable of cleaning the obstacles at the escape hatch of a submarine-in-distress (DISSUB), capturing photos and videos and sending emergency life support stores (ELSS) pods. The ELSS Pod is used as a medical aid, food and other necessities to DISSUB using the ROV. Mega Bakti provided 12 ELSS pods capable of accommodating pressures of 65 bar. The GPS intelligent buoy is used to detect DISSUB positions stranded at sea and can detect up to 1,000 meters.
The distressed submarine ventilation and depressurization system (DSVSD) is installed on DISSUB to discharge clean air and drain out contaminated air from DISSUB. This system has been used by the French Navy and can reach depths of 250 meters. The double lock decompression chamber (DDC) is used to treat submarine crews with decompression sickness (DCI). Mega Bakti has 2 DDC units that can treat 6 patients in each DDC unit.
The portable underwater telephone system is also used to carry out communication between Mega Bakti and a DISSUB.
Mega Bakti has two fast rescue boats to perform submarine crew rescue operations at any time and is an intermediary element of communication between parent aircraft and DISSUB.
Missions
In 2014, Mega Bakti was deployed to search the missing Malaysia Airlines aircraft, MH370 that was missing in the Indian Ocean. This mission is the first her deployment.
In 2021, Mega Bakti is en-route again to search for the missing Indonesian Navy submarine after , went missing off the waters of Bali during a torpedo drill, and reached the scene on the 25th of April 2021.
References
2013 ships
Auxiliary ships of the Royal Malaysian Navy
Submarine rescue ships
Ships built in Singapore
Beden is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Private Ivan () is a 1955 Soviet comedy film directed by Ivan Lukinsky. The picture was seen by 40 million viewers in the USSR. The film was followed by the sequel Ivan Brovkin on the State Farm in 1959.
Plot
Hapless country boy Ivan Brovkin does not fit into the kolkhoz life. Anything which he attempts goes awry. When assigned by the chairman of the collective farm into the care and rehabilitation of the head of the garage Zahar Silcha, he even manages to drown the new kolkhoz car GAZ-51.
And as soon as Ivan sinks the car he and three other kolkhoz guys receive a summons to the army.
In the first period of life, Ivan Brovkin manifests himself just like on the farm: does not know military discipline and lags in physical training. However, after discussion in the squad, he changes, starting to make progress in service, in handicrafts, gets the title of a Gefreiter, and in the end as a reward gets a ten-day home leave.
All the time Brovkin served he wrote letters to his lover - Lyubasha. But the letters were intercepted by accountant of the collective farm, Samohvalov, who wants to marry her. Lyubasha is vexed at Ivan because she does not know what he wrote to her. Arrived Brovkin calls Lyubasha from her home with a contingent nightingale whistle, as he used to before the army. Everything gets cleared up.
Cast
Leonid Kharitonov - Ivan Romanovich Brovkin
Sergey Blinnikov - Timothy Kondratievich Koroteev
Tatyana Pelttser - Evdokia Makarovna Brovkina, Ivan's mother
Anna Kolomiytseva - Elizabeth Nikitichna, Koroteev's wife
Daya Smirnova - Lyubasha, daughter of Koroteev
Vera Orlova - Polina Kuzminichna Grebeshkova, barmaid
Mikhail Pugovkin - Zahar Silich Peryoshkin, manager of the garage
Yevgeny Shutov - Apollinaris Samohvalov Petrovich, collective farm accountant
Tanat Zhaylibekov - Mukhtar Abaev, Ivan's friend, Corporal
Boris Tolmazov - Nikolai Petrovich, commander of the battery
Production
Kharitonov first starred in cinema in the year 1954, and his first role in the film "School of Courage" brought all-union fame to the student. The role of Ivan Brovkin came in third in the filmography of Kharitonov, who after the film's release became a superstar of Soviet cinema. During filming in the summer of 1955 in Sukhumi, Leonid Kharitonov was delayed by the military patrol on the street. The actor was in uniform preparing for his role, but was not dressed according to the ordinance, and entered into a dispute with a senior officer. He was taken to the office where the officer recognized him as the protagonist of "School of Courage."
When he was readying for filming, Kharitonov did combat training, learned to drive a tractor and a motorcycle. All the songs in the film he performed himself. During the filming Leonid Kharitonov suffered from an ulcer which manifested in him during the siege of Leningrad, where he suffered from undernourishment and consumed soap. Shooting of the military garrison occurred on the territory of the Chernyshevsky barracks in Moscow.
Rural nature was filmed in the village of Slobodka Savinova at Kalininsky (now Tver). Scenes set in summer were shot in fall and Kharitonov with Pugovkin had to swim in an icy river, and set designers had to tint the yellow foliage into green.
The movie script was allegedly plagiarized from the extremely similar comedy film "Maksim Perepelitsa" starring Leonid Bykov, which was made in the same year. Ivan Stadnyuk, the author of the original novel and scriptwriter for "Perepelitsa" movie later said that Georgi Mdivani, the "Private Ivan" scriptwriter, admitted to plagiarism in a private discussion with him.
See also
Maksim Perepelitsa
References
External links
Soviet musical comedy films
1955 musical comedy films
1955 films
Military humor in film
Gorky Film Studio films
Karel Slavoj Amerling (September 18, 1807 – November 2, 1884; also known as Karl Slavomil Amerling; pen name Slavoj Strnad Klatovský) was a Czech teacher, writer, and philosopher.
Amerling was born in Klatovy, and was the son of a wealthy baker. After he studied philosophy in Vienna, he worked two years as a governor. Then he studied medicine in Prague, but he was also interested in philosophy, theology, mineralogy, and biology. In 1836 he earned his degree, and went on to become a secretary of Earl A. Šternberk, but had to leave this post due to illness. Later, he became a doctor in Prague.
On July 25, 1840 he founded the Budeč institute, which combined the functions of several institutions. On the ground floor were workshops, and laboratories. The first floor was designed to educate future teachers. The second floor was primarily used for music education, but also had an extensive library with a printing press, which could print many alphabets including Cyrillic, and Egyptian hieroglyphs. There was also a clockmaker workshop, and a stone cutter workshop. An extensive natural science collection could also be found on this floor. The third floor was a hospital. There was also a tower which served as an astronomical observatory, and a meteorological station.
In 1847 he married Františka Svatava Michalovicová.
In 1848 he became the head of an institute for future educators, but was forced to leave due to political reasons in 1868. In 1870 he became the headmaster of the Prague Institute for Feeble-minded Children, and he remained in this position until he died on November 2, 1884 in Prague.
See also
Czech chemical nomenclature
List of Czech writers
References
1807 births
1884 deaths
People from Klatovy
Czech male writers
Czech philosophers
Austrian Empire philosophers
The Electoral district of Port Phillip was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council before it became the separate colony of Victoria (Australia) on 1 July 1851. At the time, some members of the Council were elected and the balance were appointed by the Governor. The Town of Melbourne returned one member while the Port Phillip district, which covered the rest of what became Victoria after its separation in 1851, returned five members.
History
Settlers of the Port Phillip District had wanted representation in the New South Wales Legislative Council for some time. In 1843 representatives were elected; "But the colonists were not satisfied with government from and by Sydney".
On 1 July 1851, the District was separated from New South Wales under provisions of the Australian Colonies Government Act 1850, and became the Colony of Victoria and the Victorian Legislative Council was created.
Members
Election results
1843
1844 (1)
Charles Ebden and Alexander Thomson resigned in March 1844.
1844 (2)
Sir Thomas Mitchell, while an elected member was also the Surveyor General. He was criticised by Governor Sir George Gipps for not supporting the government by absenting himself from the Legislative Council when he did not agree with government measures. Mitchell chose to resign his seat.
1845 (1)
Thomas Walker resigned on 31 July 1845.
1845 (2)
Adolphus Young resigned on 31 July 1845.
1845 (3)
Benjamin Boyd resigned on 1 August 1845.
1846 (1)
Thomas Boyd resigned in December 1845.
1846 (2)
Edward Curr resigned in May 1846.
1847
John Lang was absent for two successive sessions of the Council and his seat was declared vacant in November 1847.
1848 By-election
Edward Brewster resigned in February 1848.
1848
1849 (1)
James Williamson resigned in January 1849.
1849 (2)
Edward Curr resigned in May 1849.
1849 (3)
James Palmer resigned in May 1849.
1850
Lauchlan Mackinnon and John Foster resigned in May 1850.
See also
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council, 1843–1851
References
1847 DIRECTORY FOR THE DISTRICT OF PORT PHILLIP
Former electoral districts of New South Wales Legislative Council
History of Victoria (Australia)
History of New South Wales
1843 establishments in Australia
1851 disestablishments in Australia
Amu or the Rice Festival is an annual harvest festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of Vane which is the traditional capital of the Avatime people. It is located in the Ho West District in the Volta Region of Ghana. It is usually celebrated in the last week in the month of November to December. Others also claim it is celebrated around September or October.
Celebrations
There is drumming, dancing and singing during the festival.
Significance
The festival is celebrated on the harvesting of brown rice as its name implies. The people claimed they migrated from the Ahanta areas in the Western region and fought for the place they are now occupied from the original people.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Volta Region
Sidney Emilie Morin (born June 6, 1995) is a Canadian-American ice hockey defenseman, currently playing in the Premier Hockey Federation (PHF) with the Minnesota Whitecaps. As a member of the United States women's national team, she won a gold medal in the women's ice hockey tournament at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Playing career
Morin is a former captain of the Minnesota–Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey program. As a Bulldog, Morin was named WCHA Women's Defensive Player of the Year in 2017.
After graduating, she signed her first professional contract with Modo Hockey Dam for the 2017–18 SDHL season. The following season, she signed with Linköping HC Dam. She was named SDHL Defender of the Year in 2020.
International
She won gold at the 2018 Winter Olympics with Team USA, picking up two assists in five games.
Career statistics
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
American expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
American expatriate ice hockey players in Switzerland
American women's ice hockey defensemen
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Switzerland
HV71 Dam players
Ice hockey players from Minnesota
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Linköping HC Dam players
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey players
Modo Hockey Dam players
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in ice hockey
People from Minnetonka, Minnesota
Swiss Women's League players
Several ships have been named :
, a of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War I
, a of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II
JDS Sugi (PF-285), a Kusu-class patrol frigate of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force, formerly USS Coronado (PF-38)
Imperial Japanese Navy ship names
Japanese Navy ship names
Poecilasthena panapala is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia, including New South Wales.
References
Moths described in 1922
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
Chesworth may refer to:
People
David Chesworth (born 1958), artist and composer.
Frank Chesworth (1873–1907), English footballer
George Chesworth (1930–2017), Royal Air Force officer.
Kara Chesworth (born 1972) English racing cyclist.
Other
Chesworth House, former Tudor manor house.
Dixons may refer to:
Currys plc - the current parent company of numerous European retailers of electronic goods, formerly known as Dixons Carphone
Dixons Retail - former parent company, before its merger with Carphone Warehouse
Dixons (retailer), former British electronic goods retailer
Dixons Travel, a current spin-off of the former brand, exclusive to airports
Dixons (Netherlands), a Dutch electricals retailer, originally part of the British Dixons, now independent
Dixon's factorization method, an application of the square factoring method
Dixons Lake, Nova Scotia, Canada
See also
Dixon (disambiguation)
Dickson (disambiguation)
The Irish Texts Society () was founded in 1898 to promote the study of Irish literature. It is a text publication society, issuing annotated editions of texts in Irish with English translations and related commentaries.
The organisation was created in London, on 26 April 1898. Douglas Hyde was its first president, Frederick York Powell was its first chairman and Norma Borthwick and Eleanor Hull were the secretaries.
As of 2009, the ITS had published sixty-three items in its main series and twenty items in its subsidiary series. Other publications have included Patrick S. Dinneen's Irish-English Dictionary and the Historical Dictionary of Irish Placenames.
The society holds an annual seminar at University College Cork, with the 21st event taking place in November 2019.
References
Book publishing companies of Ireland
Medieval literature
1898 establishments in Ireland
Learned societies of Ireland
Text publication societies
History of literature in Ireland
John Roger Ferguson (born October 20, 1978) is an American musician. He is currently a member of The Apples in Stereo, and he was a founding member of Big Fresh. His father, Roger Ferguson, was an associate of underground DIY figure R. Stevie Moore, and John appeared on Moore's recordings and radio shows by age three. During his freshman year of college, Ferguson teamed up with Ben Fulton and Bryan Gore to form Big Fresh in 1998. The band – with various lineup changes – recorded three albums. In 2002, Ferguson met Robert Schneider of The Apples in Stereo, and they formed ulysses. Their first release, 010, appeared in 2004 on the Eenie Meenie Records label, and received positive reviews. In 2006, Schneider invited him to become a member of the Apples In Stereo, and Ferguson performed on the band's 2007 album, New Magnetic Wonder. Ferguson is also a member of the synth-folk band Deek hoi, continues to collaborate with R. Stevie Moore and perform with Big Fresh. He also hosts The Percy Trout Hour radio show on WRFL in Lexington.He and Robert Schneider in 2015 Have created a new band called Spaceflyte which is an experimental pop band.
Discography
With Big Fresh
We Come From Outer Space (Big Fresh Music, 1998)
Who Are the Believers? (Aquapop, 1999)
Yes, Nice, Please, Thanks (Aquapop, 2000)
BFF (Big Fresh Forever) (Garden Gate Records, 2008)
With ulysses
010 (Eenie Meenie Records 26 October 2004)
With The Apples in Stereo
New Magnetic Wonder (Simian Records/Elephant 6/Yep Roc 6 February 2007)
Travellers in Space and Time (Simian Records/Elephant 6/Yep Roc 20 April 2010)
Solo releases
The Best is Yet to Be (Big Fresh Music, 1998)
All Mistakes, No Apologies (Big Fresh Music, 1999)
Weekends (Big Fresh Music, 1999)
Droppin' Outta College (Aquapop, 2000)
My R. Stevie EP
Spaceflyte
Visions of Pluto
References
External links
ulysses at Eenie Meenie
The Apples in Stereo, official website
R. Stevie Moore's Big Fresh fansite
Big Fresh on Myspace
Deek Hoi on Myspace
1978 births
Living people
American rock singers
The Apples in Stereo members
21st-century American singers
Pedro Serrano is a New York Police Department officer who testified against the department in Floyd v. City of New York, a lawsuit brought by the Center for Constitutional Rights over the department's stop-and-frisk policies. He also made recordings of his superiors which suggested that the NYPD required arrest quotas from patrolmen which were used as evidence in the trial.
References
New York City Police Department officers
Puerto Rican law enforcement personnel
The Capris are an American doo wop group who became a one-hit wonder in 1961 with "There's a Moon Out Tonight." They experienced a popularity and performing resurgence in the 1980s, when three members reformed and The Manhattan Transfer recorded their song, "Morse Code of Love," which reached the US Hot 100 and the U.S. AC top 20.
History
The group originated in Ozone Park, Queens in 1957 when they were teenagers. The original members were Rosario Morice (aka Sonny Boy, Lead), though he left the group before recording he has always been recognized by the group when attending a performance. Nick Santamaria (aka Nick Santo, lead), Mike Mincieli (first tenor), Frank Reina (second tenor), Vinnie Naccarato,(baritone), and John Cassese (bass). They were all around 15 years of age at the time and still in school. Rosario, Vinnie, Mike, Tony, and John all went to John Adams High School, while Nick was a student at Woodrow Wilson and Frank attended Franklin K. Lane. Mike Mincieli, started the group and recruited the members. In the spring/summer of 1958 the final member was recruited and really got things together. They originally called themselves "the Supremes" but soon changed to "The Capris." It is often thought their name came from the island of Capri, since the boys were all Italian, but Nick confirmed in a 1993 interview with Greg Milewski, that they named themselves after the 1957 Lincoln Capri.
By 1958 the group had started gaining experience and popularity by performing at local venues, school dances and churches. They attracted the attention of independent record producers. Soon they would record their first single.All of the original members were Italian Americans from the borough of Queens in New York, United States. Started by first tenor Mike Mincieli and Rosario Morice (Sonny) who later left the group when he joined the Navy, the original group coalesced in 1958 – also including Nick Santo (Santamaria) lead baritone, second tenor Frank Reina, baritone Vinnie Narcardo, and bass John Cassese. Their name was taken from the Lincoln Capri. In 1958, they recorded two songs for Planet Records, "Indian Girl," and "There's a Moon Out Tonight." When the record sold badly, they disbanded and went their separate ways. Alan Fredericks, a late night radio disc jockey continued to play their song, piquing the interest of Jerry Greene, an employee of the Times Square Record Store. Greene purchased the master and re-issued the record on Lost Nite Records. WINS 1010's disc jockey Murray the K played the song often, and it sold well. Realizing that their manufacturing and distribution capacity could not meet the demands of a hit record, Greene and Lost Nite sold their interest to Old Town Records, which had the capacity to meet the needs of the 1961 number three national hit.
Their break came when they responded to an ad placed in a local paper by two wanna-be producers. At the audition, they sang a ballad, "There's A Moon Out Tonight" (words and music by Joseph Luccisano, Alfonso Gentile & Alfred Striano) and soon they found themselves at Bell Sound Studios New York cutting the song, along with an uptempo number, "Indian Girl." Released on Planet Records in the autumn of 1958, the record became an almost instant obscurity. (An original Planet pressing of the single can now fetch up to $1500 in collectors circles.) "There's A Moon Out Tonight" has a unique ending, chiming down from falsetto to bass instead of the other way around. Each Capri sings the tune's title in turn, but slightly lower (and slower) than the preceding member. Along with that song, they only recorded one other song, entitled “Indian Girl,” on the flip side.
An obsessive record collector named Jerry Greene (later the owner of the reissue label Collectables) was working at Times Square Record Shop (a legendary purveyor of records located in the heart of Times Square, Broadway and 42nd Street), not for money, but in exchange for hard-to-get records. Under the wise ownership of Irving "Slim" Rose, the subway arcade shop influenced radio play and record sales nationwide in the early sixties. Since the doo-wop sound was still current in New York City in the early sixties, it was possible for some 45s specifically reissued at Slim's behest to receive much wider airplay, as new singles, since they were not national hits (or, in many cases, even known) on first release. "There's a Moon Out Tonight," The Shells' "Baby Oh Baby," the Chanters' "No, No, No," and, notably, the Edsels' doo wop classic, "Rama Lama Ding Dong," all began their long ascent of the national charts from that lowly subway arcade.
For a time, the Capris toured and performed in major venues all over the United States, but none of their follow-up records sold well, and by 1963, members of the original group started to leave the ensemble. Some continued to perform locally as the Capris, but with no national profile.
By 1965, Vinnie (d. 30 December 2008) and John had left the group. To replace them, in 1966, they recruited John Apostle (d. 24 December 2003) to sing bass. For the next three years, the group performed in various local clubs, and since they were only a three member vocal group, hired various local backup musicians to work with them.
In May, 1969, John Apostle, wanting to have a more stable and permanent show group, approached Bill Chefalas, the lead singer and bass player of The Carasels, a New York City area, top-40, show group—formed in 1965—and asked him if he would be interested in combining groups, and thus, the Capris became a seven member, self-contained show group. They now consisted of Frank Reina (Lead Singer), Mike Mincieli (First Tenor), John Apostle (Bass), Bill Chefalas (Falsetto, Bass Guitar, Music and Show Arranger), Al Dimone (Second Tenor, Guitar), Mickey Henry (Keyboard), Johnny Harris (Drums). Before playing bass guitar, Chefalas received formal piano training, studied drums with Louie Belson, and played with various jazz groups. He sang backup falsetto on many recordings by Help Truth and the Portraits and was formerly the lead singer and bass player with The Resounders. The group now again had five vocalists that could cover the range of the original founding group, of which, two of them were also musicians.
The newly formed group rehearsed for a few months and on July 10, 1969, recorded the “Freedom Medley” at Town Sound Studios in Englewood, NJ. The recording was a combination of “People Gotta Be Free” and “Abraham, Martin and John” and was produced and arranged by Chefalas. To this day, it was the only studio recording the Capris ever made that used a full orchestra, including violins. It was submitted to six record companies but never picked up. The recording they were told, did not have the "oldie" sound and was too contemporary. On September 6, 1969, the new Capris, ready to go on the road, performed their first night club act at the Quiet Village in Levittown, NY. From then on, all the club shows were arranged and scored by Chefalas.
In the early 1970s there was a renewed interest in America for oldies music from the 1950s. You can thank “American Graffiti” and the TV show “Happy Days” for helping the revival thrive. And with this increased interest came a desire for fans from the sock hop era to see their heroes in concert one more time and for new fans to discover what all of the fuss was about. Soon, a series of “rock and roll revival” concerts were held in New York City, and on November 29, 1969, The Capris were the opening act at Richard Nader's Rock & Roll Revival, Volume II, at Madison Square Garden's Felt Forum, which headlined Jackie Wilson, and Bill Haley and the Comets. Nader passed away on December 9, 2009.
In March, 1970, Mickey Henry, the keyboard player left the group and was not replaced. In December 1970, Andy Katchianos replaced Johnny Harris (d, December 1972) on the drums.
For the next eleven years, the group continued to perform over four hundred shows in numerous night clubs, concerts, and private affairs in and around the tri-state area and along the east coast. On June 2, 1972, the group performed at Richard Nader's Rock & Roll Spectacular, Volume VIII, at Madison Square Garden, which headlined Fats Domino, Bo Diddley, Chubby Checker, and a surprise appearance by Little Richard. The show was recorded and released as “Live at Madison Square Garden 1972.” That performance, which was reportedly released two different ways—the original Warner Bros. LP was heavily sweetened in the studio, where the subsequent reissues were made from untouched tapes from the original show.
Andy Katchianos was replaced by Al “Baby Al” Puglisi on drums in 1975. In 1976, Al left to join Tommy James and the Shondells and was replaced by Tony Danno on drums. In 1982, Danno switched places and became baritone singer with The Capris and consequently left the group in 1985 to join Lenny Coco and the Chimes. He now sings with The Manhattan Skyline. Tony was the original drummer for Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes and played on many of their albums.
In 1976, Tom Ferrara, who had been an original member of the Del Satins (Teardrops Follow Me), which had become Johnny Maestro (d, March 24, 2010) & The Brooklyn Bridge, replaced John Apostle. Tom's brother Fred, was also a member if the Del Satins and went on as a member of the Brooklyn Bridge. Apostle died December 24, 2003. John was well-known in the entertainment industry, with more than 25 years of experience as a performer, booking agent, personal manager, concert promoter, theatrical producer and publisher. In 1972, he formed Banner Talent Associates, through which he represented artists such as Gary U.S. Bonds, The Brooklyn Bridge, The Five Satins, The Belmonts, The Capris, Chubby Checker and The Drifters. He managed the careers of The Brooklyn Bridge, The Belmonts, The Dovells, The Crystals, Bullet, Jay and The Americans, Tommy James and The Shondells, and Wild Cherry. Apostle had promoted concerts at Madison Square Garden, Nassau Coliseum and various other venues in the New York metropolitan area.
The group appeared as a closing act at many New Year's Eve celebrations at the Colonie Hill Resort in Hauppauge, L.I., including 1977 with Gloria Gaynor, 1978 with Enzo Stuarti, 1979 with Robert Goulet, and in 1981 with Frankie Avalon.
In 1980, Chefalas and Dimone retired and left the group, and in 1982, Nick Santo rejoined and resurrected the group and they went into the studio to record a new album, “There's a Moon out Again,” for Ambient Sound (Records). Besides doing covers of some doo wop classics, The Capris also included a couple of original tunes. One of these was a song called "Morse Code of Love," a song that Nick had started writing in 1961, but never finished until 1981. It was also released as a single in 1982, backed with "There's a Moon out Again," and featured Nick singing lead, Tommy Ferrara singing bass, Mike Mincieli singing first tenor, Frankie Reina singing second tenor, and Tony Danno singing baritone. Although a new record, oldies stations started picking up the song (after it was released as a single), as the tune sounded like it came right out of the late '50s, and thinking it was a hot oldie they had overlooked, "Morse Code Of Love" eventually became the number one requested "oldie" in Pittsburgh, Boston and Philadelphia. The song got even more exposure when it was covered by the Manhattan Transfer, as "Baby Come Back To Me" in 1985. This version peaked at # 83 on Billboard.
Nick Santo, who left the group in 1962 and joined the New York City Police Department in 1965, continued to write songs. In 1982, Santo, Mike Mincieli, and Frank Reina – joined at the time by Tommy Ferrara of The Del-Satins and Tony Danno, recorded There's a Moon Out Again, an album of 12 songs, including nine compositions by Santo. "The Morse Code of Love," one of Santo's songs, quickly became a requested number on Oldies radio, with many disc jockeys and audience members believing it to be an unreleased song by the original Capris. In 1984, The Manhattan Transfer recorded "The Morse Code of Love" as "Baby Come Back to Me" for their Bop Doo-Wopp album and released it as a single. It reached number 83 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 14 on the Adult Contemporary Chart.
Santo, Mincieli, and Reina, with other singers, continued to perform as the Capris until at least 2002.
Santo died as a result of cancer on December 30, 2010, at age 69.
The Capris are still performing with Frank Reina (original member )
Mike Mincieli (born Michael Mincieli; their original first tenor) died on March 15, 2015.
Wayne Smith, their most recent lead singer, died on March 12, 2016.
Style
Santo's favorite singer was Clyde McPhatter, along with James Shepherd of Shep and the Limelites. The Capris patterned their sound on African-American vocal groups, rather than fellow Italian-Americans such as Dion DiMucci.
Discography
Singles
Albums
1982: There's a Moon Out Again
1992: Morse Code of Love
2000: There's A Moon Out Tonight - The Very Best Of The Capris
References
External links
The Capris at Answers.com
The Street Corner Groups
Way Back Attack: The Capris, There's a Moon Out Tonight
Doo-wop groups
Musical groups from Queens, New York
Italian musical groups
People from Ozone Park, Queens
Minardi (3 May 1998 – 30 October 2012) was an American-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was the top-rated European two-year-old in 2000 when he recovered from a defeat on his debut to win the Phoenix Stakes and the Middle Park Stakes. In the following year he finished fourth in the 2000 Guineas and third in the Irish 2,000 Guineas. He was retired to stud but had limited success as a breeding stallion.
Background
Minardi was a brown horse with a white blaze bred in Kentucky by Indian Creek. He was sired by Boundary, a Kentucky-bred stallion who won six of his eight races including Grade III victories in the Roseben Handicap and the A Phenomenon Handicap. As a breeding stallion he is best known as the sire of Big Brown. Minardi's dam yarn won one minor race but became a very successful broodmare who also produced Tale of the Cat (King's Bishop Stakes) and Myth, the dam of Johannesburg. As a descendant of the broodmare Feola, she came from the same branch of Thoroughbred family 2-f which has produced numerous major winners including Round Table, Pebbles Nashwan and Deep Impact.
As a yearling the colt was offered for sale at the Keeneland September sale and was bought for $1.65 million by the bloodstock agent Dermot "Demi" O'Byrne on behalf of John Magnier's Coolmore organisation. He was sent to Europe and entered training with Aidan O'Brien at Ballydoyle. Like May Coolmore horses the details of the colt's ownership changed from race to race: he was sometimes listed as being owned by Michael Tabor whilst on others occasions he ran for the partnership of Tabor and Sue Magnier. He was ridden in all but two of his races by Mick Kinane.
Racing career
2000: two-year-old season
Minardi was sent to England for his racecourse debut and started 5/4 favourite for a six furlong maiden race at Ascot Racecourse on 29 July. He proved no match for the Paul Cole-trained Rumpold and finished second, beaten five lengths. Despite his defeat the colt was stepped up sharply in class for the Group One Phoenix Stakes at Leopardstown Racecourse two weeks later. He had not been an intended runner in the race but took his place after his more highly regarded stablemate Freud was withdrawn. The filly Dora Carrington (winner of the Cherry Hinton Stakes) started 5/2 favourite with Minardi joint second choice in the betting on 7/2 alongside Superstar Leo. Kinane settled the colt in fourth as the outsider Longueville Legend set the pace before moving up to take the lead a furlong and a half from the finish. He accelerated clear of his rivals in the closing stages to win by five lengths from Superstar Leo despite being eased down by Kinane in the final strides. The runner-up was later voted Cartier Champion Two-year-old Filly for 2000. His victory was described as "a stunning display" by the Racing Post. After the race Aidan O'Brien commented "Ascot was a blip on Minardi's record. He'd always worked very well and we thought he would burn up the course. Minardi will now have a break before coming back for the Dewhurst and similar races.
On 28 September Minardi was sent back to England for the Middle Park Stakes at Newmarket Racecourse and started the 5/6 favourite in a ten runner field. His principal rivals appeared to be Bad As I Wanna Be (Prix Morny), Endless Summer (Richmond Stakes) and Baaridd (Ripon Champion Two Years Old Trophy) whilst the other runners included Bannister (Gimcrack Stakes), Ghayth (third in the Champagne Stakes), Pomfret Lad (runner-up in the Mill Reef Stakes) and Bram Stoker (runner-up in the Coventry Stakes). Minardi started slowly and raced towards the rear of the field as the early pace was set by the outsiders Joplin and Red Carpet. The favourite made rapid progress to take the lead approaching the final furlong and stayed on to win by one and a half lengths and won by one and a half lengths from Endless Summer, with Red Carpet taking third ahead of Bad As I Wanna Be. According to the Racing Post he "outclassed one of the most competitive Middle Park fields we've seen in recent years". British bookmakers responded by making the colt favourite for the following year's 2000 Guineas Endless Summer was later disqualified in unusual circumstances when it was revealed that he had been foaled prematurely on 27 December 1997: he was therefore technically a three-year-old and ineligible to contest the race.
It was expected that Minardi would end his season in the Dewhurst Stakes over seven furlongs at Newmarket but was ruled out of the race after showing signs of respiratory infection.
In the official International Classification for 2000, Minardi was rated the best two-year-old colt in Europe.
2001: three-year-old season
On his first appearance of the 2001 season, Minardi was sent to England again to contest the 2000 Guineas over Newmarket's Rowley Mile course on 5 May and started the 5/1 second favourite behind Tobougg in an eighteen-runner field. After being held up in the early stages he struggled to obtain a clear run in the final furlong before staying on to finish fourth behind Golan, Tamburlaine and Frenchmans Bay. Three weeks later he started 2/1 favourite for the Irish 2,000 Guineas at the Curragh but after taking second place in the straight he was unable to make further progress and finished third behind his stablemates Black Minnaloushe and Mozart.
Minardi made little impact in three subsequent races starting with the St James's Palace Stakes in which he finished eighth behind Black Minnaloushe. He was then moved back to sprint distances and finished sixth in the Prix Maurice de Gheest and ninth in the Haydock Sprint Cup.
Stud record
At the end of his racing career Minardi was retired to become a breeding stallion. He stood in Europe and North America before being exported to New Zealand in 2006. He died on 30 October 2012. The best of his progeny were My Sweet Baby (Premio Regina Elena) and Ballet Pacifica (Prix Madame Jean Coturie).
Pedigree
References
1998 racehorse births
2012 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Thoroughbred family 2-f
Polish–Muscovite War can refer to:
Muscovite–Lithuanian Wars
Polish–Muscovite War (1605–18)
Smolensk War (1631–34)
Russo-Polish War (1654–67)
Isatay District (, ) is a district of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Akkystau.
The population is , up from and .
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Atyrau Region
Robert Bartels (28 April 1911 – 20 August 1943) was a German U-boat commander in World War II.
Naval career
Robert Bartels joined the Reichsmarine in 1935. From 1937 to June 1940, he served as a watch officer on . He went through U-boat familiarisation in July 1940 in preparation for his own command. On 24 July 1940 Bartels commissioned the new Type IID . He left the boat on 20 December 1940. From there he went to the 1st U-boat Flotilla and another U-boat familiarisation, this time in order to prepare for his command of the larger Type VIIC boat, on 13 March 1941. With this vessel Bartels went out on his first war patrol on 25 May 1941, a 69-day patrol where he sank one small ship. When he left the boat on 5 September 1942 after eight patrols he had sunk or destroyed five ships for over 21,000 tons and damaged another - the last three ships fell to mines laid by U-561. Bartels went through his third U-boat familiarisation in September and October 1942 in order to prepare for the much larger Type IXD2 boats. These vessels were very long range and were later converted for transport use. Bartels commissioned the new on 10 October 1942.
Death
The day before its loss, U-197 had met with Wolfgang Lüth's where Bartels told Lüth he intended to stay in this area and hunt the traffic Lüth had told him about. Their radio chatter had allowed the Allies to pinpoint the location, finding Bartels' boat the next day. On 20 August 1943 U-197 was attacked south of Madagascar, in position , by a British PBY Catalina aircraft, C of No. 259 Squadron RAF, with six depth charges and slightly damaged. As the aircraft had no more bombs, it attempted to strafe with her machine guns, but the U-boat responded with AA fire. The aircraft then circled the U-boat at a safe distance and radioed for assistance. The U-boat remained on the surface, perhaps assuming that any support was unlikely, and that the aircraft would eventually have to abandon her vigil. Unfortunately for the German submarine, another Catalina, FP 313 of 265 Squadrons, arrived. U-197 promptly crash-dived, and the aircraft dropped three depth charges, two of which detonated to port of the U-boat, but the third hit her squarely, killing all 67 hands. The pilot, captain Ernest Robin, received the Distinguished Flying Cross for the sinking of the vessel.
Eitel-Friedrich Kentrat, commander of , was severely criticised by the Befehlshaber der U-Boote (BdU) [U-boat headquarters] for his lack of support for U-197. Bartels of U-197 had radioed a distress signal. The correct response by any boat in the vicinity, according to orders, would have been to assist at top speed. The BdU twice ordered U-196 to aid U-197 before Kentrat responded, and by that time U-197 and the entire crew were lost.
Ships attacked
See also
List of people who disappeared mysteriously at sea
Awards
German Cross in Gold on 28 August 1942 as Kapitänleutnant on U-561 in the 29th U-boat Flotilla
References
Citations
Bibliography
1911 births
1940s missing person cases
1943 deaths
German military personnel killed in World War II
Missing person cases in Germany
Military personnel from Kiel
People from the Province of Schleswig-Holstein
People lost at sea
Recipients of the Bronze Medal of Military Valor
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Reichsmarine personnel
U-boat commanders (Kriegsmarine)
Deaths by airstrike during World War II
Missing in action of World War II
Cherry Township may refer to the following townships in the United States:
Cherry Township, St. Louis County, Minnesota
Cherry Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania
Cherry Township, Sullivan County, Pennsylvania
Syven is a Finnish band from Riihimäki, formed in 2007. The band released their début album Aikaintaite through Vendlus Records in 2011; the second album, Corpus Christi (Syven album), was released the following year.
Biography
Syven was created in July 2007, after the vocalist Andy Koski-Semmens moved to Finland and decided to collaborate with the multi-instrumentalist and composer Aslak Tolonen, previously active in several bands, including Nest. Tolonen was composing new material when he noticed that his music had become darker and heavier, compared to the Nest's last release, prompting him to create a new band. In 2010, Syven released a demo, which was sent to various labels, and contributed one track, "How Fare the Gods?" to the compilation album Whom the Moon a Nightsong Sings. The following year, the band was signed by Vendlus Records and released its début album, Aikaintaite, on December 6. Exactly a year after, the second album, Corpus Christi, was released. On December 8, 2012, Syven's first live performance took place in Brașov, Romania.
Members
Aslak Tolonen – all instruments
Andy Koski-Semmens – vocals
Discography
Albums
Aikaintaite (2011)
Corpus Christi (2012)
Compilations
Whom the Moon a Nightsong Sings (2010)
Demos
Promo 2010 (2010)
References
External links
Official Homepage
Finnish musical groups
Musical groups established in 2007
The rapid furfural test is a chemical test used to distinguish between glucose and fructose. The rapid furfural test is similar to Molisch's test but uses concentrated hydrochloric acid instead of concentrated sulfuric acid and the solution is boiled. Dilute sugar solution is added to ethanolic 1-naphthol and concentrated hydrochloric acid. The solution is then boiled and if a purple colour forms within thirty seconds, fructose is present. If a purple colour does not appear before thirty seconds, glucose is present.
References
Chemical tests
Astragalus monanthemus is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.
References
monanthemus
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
The salt extraction process is an electrolytic method which may be used to extract valuable metals from slag, low-grade ores, or other materials by using molten salts. This method was developed by S. Seetharaman, O. Grinder, L. Teng and X. Ge at the Royal Institute of Technology in Sweden as part of a large Steel Eco-Cycle Project in 2005.
Description
In the first step of this process, the slag or other raw materials containing metal values of interest, e.g. chromium, is dissolved into the molten salt phase at a suitable temperature. A suitable flux must be found in order to achieve the dissolution of oxides. According to the Fajans' rules, AlCl3, as a covalent metal chloride, is able to release chloride ions, which then can effectively break the chemical bonds between metal and oxygen atoms, leading to the formation of corresponding soluble metal chlorides and capture of oxygen in Al2O3. AlCl3 was proved indeed to be a powerful fluxing agent in this regard.
In the second step, the salt phase is subjected to electrolysis in order to recover the metal of interest as a cathode deposit. The salt melt used for extraction can be recycled. The metals can be selectively electrodeposited from the salt melt. There is also the option of aqueous processing of the salt phase containing the metal values. The process can design to be continuous by combining the two steps. The anode off-gas from electrolysis, Cl2 can be reused for accentuating the dissolution of the raw materials. On the other hand, the residue after processing, which consists essentially of Al2O3, can safely be used for landfill, building construction or as a raw material for the refractory industry.
Application
This process had been successfully employed for the recovery of chromium and iron from the electric furnace slag generated from the stainless steelmaking process, or from low-grade chromite ore. It is also extended to extract copper or iron from both copper oxides and sulfides.
The electrochemical behaviors of the metal ions (Cr, Cu, Fe, Mg, Mn) in the molten salts (NaCl-KCl-(CaCl2))with respect to this process were also extensively investigated. Those results are also useful for the industrial electrowinning processes of related metal or alloy production.
References
Electrolysis
Chemical processes
Extraction (chemistry)
Venture Dome () is a large, heavily crevassed ice dome about 30 nautical miles (60 km) south of Mount Twintop in Mac. Robertson Land. The feature had been seen by several parties traveling south from Mawson Station since 1957, but it had been avoided. In 1967, ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) surveyor J. Manning selected a route through the crevasses and established a beaconed tellurometer station on it. So named by ANARE to indicate the risk taken in crossing the dome.
Ice caps of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Mac. Robertson Land
WWE Breaking Point was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held for wrestlers from the promotion's Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brand divisions. The event took place on September 13, 2009, at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Breaking Point replaced WWE's previously annual September event, Unforgiven; however, It was a one-off event, as the September slot was in turn replaced by Night of Champions in 2010, which was moved back from its previous July slot. The Breaking Point name was later used for the submission system included in the WWE '12 video game and some of its sequels.
In the main events, CM Punk retained the World Heavyweight Championship against The Undertaker in a submission match, John Cena won the WWE Championship from Randy Orton in an "I Quit" match and The Legacy's Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase Jr. defeated D-Generation X's Triple H and Shawn Michaels in a Submissions Count Anywhere match. Also on the card, Unified WWE Tag Team Champions Chris Jericho and The Big Show defeated Montel Vontavious Porter and Mark Henry, Kofi Kingston successfully defended the WWE United States Championship against The Miz, Kane defeated The Great Khali in a Singapore Cane match, and Christian successfully defended the ECW Championship against William Regal. The event had 169,000 buys, down from the Unforgiven 2008 figure of 211,000 buys.
Production
Background
In May 2009, World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) ran a poll on their website in which fans could vote on the name for that year's September pay-per-view (PPV), which would replace the company's previously annual September event, Unforgiven. Breaking Point was chosen over Submission Sunday, Total Submission, and Submit & Quit, and the concept was that each main event match would be contested under submission rules. The event was scheduled to be held on September 13, 2009, at the Bell Centre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada and featured wrestlers from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands.
Storylines
The professional wrestling matches at Breaking Point included professional wrestlers performing as characters in scripted events pre-determined by the hosting promotion, World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). Storylines between the characters were produced on WWE's weekly television shows Raw, SmackDown, and ECW with the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands—storyline divisions in which WWE assigned its employees to different programs.
At SummerSlam, Randy Orton defended the WWE Championship against John Cena. Orton intentionally got himself disqualified and was counted out of the ring. This would have allowed Orton to retain the title, but the match was repeatedly restarted and eventually Orton pinned Cena with illegal leverage. As a result of Orton's actions in the match, WWE Chairman, Vince McMahon awarded Cena a rematch. In the spirit of the submission concept of the show, the title was defended in an "I Quit" match, a match that can only be won by causing the opponent to say "I Quit". Mr. McMahon added another stipulation if anyone interferes in the match on Orton's Behalf (in respond to Brett Dibiase's actions) Orton will be immediately stripped the title.
At SummerSlam, CM Punk defeated Jeff Hardy in a Tables, Ladders, and Chairs match to win the World Heavyweight Championship. After the match, The Undertaker returned after a four-month hiatus and attacked Punk with a chokeslam. On the following SmackDown, Punk was scheduled to defend the title against Undertaker at Breaking Point in a submission match.
The guest host and storyline matchmaker of the August 24 episode of Raw was welterweight boxing champion, Floyd Mayweather Jr., who had a match with The Big Show at WrestleMania XXIV the previous year. Due to the lingering animosity, Mayweather awarded Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) and Mark Henry a match against The Big Show and his tag team partner, Chris Jericho, for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship at Breaking Point, provided they defeat them in an exhibition match that night; MVP and Henry gained their chance after Mayweather gave MVP brass knuckles while the referee was distracted, to knock out and pin Jericho for the win.
During a night-long challenge on the July 27 episode of Raw, to determine who would challenge Randy Orton for the WWE Championship at SummerSlam, Triple H had to defeat his opponent, Cody Rhodes, in the allotted time of 6:49 set by prior competitor, Mark Henry, but was not successful in doing so; this was followed by Rhodes assaulting his incapacitated opponent with the assistance of his affiliate in The Legacy, Ted DiBiase Jr. This led to Triple H enlisting help in the returning Shawn Michaels to reform the faction, D-Generation X (DX), to face his adversaries at SummerSlam in a winning effort. After continued assaults, a Submissions Count Anywhere match between the two teams was scheduled for Breaking Point.
Since The Bash, Kane and The Great Khali had been in constant conflict, taking turns interfering in each other's matches, blindsiding each other, or, in Kane's case, avoiding Khali. To get Khali's attention and the upper hand, Kane kidnapped his adversary's translator and storyline brother, Ranjin Singh, before their match at SummerSlam, which was won by Kane. Khali continued after Kane following the show, leading to the announcement of a match between the two with legal use of a Singapore cane.
Event
Before WWE Breaking Point aired on television, an untelevised match took place between Evan Bourne and Chavo Guerrero. Bourne won the match by pinfall after a shooting star press.
Preliminary matches
The show aired with the tag team match for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship, as JeriShow (Chris Jericho and Big Show) faced Montel Vontavious Porter and Mark Henry. Henry countered Jericho's Codebreaker and whilst the referee was tending to him, Big Show delivered a knockout punch to Henry, allowing Jericho to get the pinfall.
The following match was the WWE United States Championship match. Defending champion Kofi Kingston countered a neckbreaker by The Miz and delivered his finisher Trouble in Paradise to secure the win.
The first ever Submissions Count Anywhere match pitted D-Generation X (Triple H and Shawn Michaels) against The Legacy (Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase Jr.). The match was quickly taken out of the ring as Michaels threw DiBiase over the barricade. Michaels attempted to make Rhodes submit by using a sleeper hold on the rail of the steps in the crowd. Meanwhile, Triple H and Rhodes fought in the lobby of the arena and eventually all four men returned to ringside. Triple H placed Rhodes' legs through the back of a steel chair and performed a Boston crab while Michaels simultaneously performed a camel clutch on him. Rhodes later threw Michaels out of the stands in the crowd, leaving he and DiBiase to double-team on Triple H. They ended up in the backstage area where Triple H delivered a spinebuster to DiBiase through a catering table. A crossface on Rhodes was broken after DiBiase hit Triple H with an icebox. Rhodes and DiBiase headed back to the ring with Michaels in tow and dominated him for a while. Michaels started to fight back when he hit Rhodes with the Sweet Chin Music and applied a figure-four leglock, but this hold was broken by DiBiase. After, Rhodes performed the figure-four leglock around the ring post on Michaels whilst DiBiase performed the Million Dollar Dream, which resulted in Michaels submitting.
There was a Singapore Cane Match between Kane and The Great Khali who was accompanied to the ring by Ranjin Singh. Kane used the cane to apply a submission hold to Khali's arm only for him to break it. Khali used his signature Vice Grip, but Kane broke out of the hold by hitting Khali with a cane. Singh interfered in the match allowing Khali to get the advantage, but Kane managed to get the upper hand and delivered a chokeslam to Khali to get the victory.
The ECW Championship match saw defending champion Christian face William Regal who was accompanied by Ezekiel Jackson and Vladimir Kozlov. However, before the match began, it was announced that Jackson and Kozlov were banned from ringside. In a physical match, Christian dodged a left knee from Regal and executed the Killswitch to get the victory.
Pat Patterson made an appearance and was interrupted by Dolph Ziggler. Ziggler then attacked Patterson, but John Morrison made the save.
Main event matches
The Quit match for the WWE Championship was next which saw defending champion Randy Orton face John Cena, in which if anyone interfered on Orton's behalf, Orton would be stripped of the title immediately. After wrestling in the ring, Orton threw Cena towards the commentary desk and hit him with a camera monitor. Orton dragged Cena back to the ring, hoping to deliver an RKO to him onto a steel chair, but Cena countered. The action went to ringside as Orton threw Cena into the steel steps. After Orton had punished Cena with the steel steps, the referee asked if he wanted to quit to which he refused. Orton then handcuffed one of Cena's arms to the middle rope and continued to assault him by hitting him with the referee's microphone. After refusing to quit once again, Cena was placed on the steel steps in a sitting position with his arms in handcuffs hanging over the top of the ring post. Orton then poured a bottle of water over Cena and when asked if he wanted to quit, Cena spat the water in Orton's face. Orton repeatedly hit Cena with a Singapore cane and choked him with it until Cena delivered a low blow to Orton. Cena escaped from the ring post only to be hit with a steel chair by Orton and handcuffed with one arm to the bottom rope outside the ring. Cena managed to give a one-armed Attitude Adjustment to Orton, took the key from around Orton's neck and handcuffed himself to Orton. Whilst still handcuffed together, Cena dragged Orton inside the ring and Orton hit an RKO on Cena. Orton reached for the key to the handcuffs at the other side of the ring but was unsuccessful as Cena held him back. Cena then applied the STF, tugging at the handcuffs to hurt Orton's wrist. As a result, Orton said the words 'I quit', to which Cena was victorious.
The main event was a submission Match for the World Heavyweight Championship between defending champion CM Punk and The Undertaker. Immediately after the bell rang, Punk retreated outside the ring and once back in the ring, he cornered The Undertaker with multiple elbows to the back of his head. The Undertaker tossed Punk out of the ring, Punk ran back to the ring and The Undertaker hit him with a clothesline. The two ended up at ringside, The Undertaker threw Punk into the barricade and missed a big boot. Punk began to attack The Undertaker with a steel chair. The two returned to the ring and Punk countered The Undertaker's signature Old School and delivered a superplex from the top rope. The Undertaker later went for a chokeslam, but was met with a roundhouse kick from Punk. The Undertaker eventually applied Hell's Gate and Punk tapped out.
However, Theodore Long interrupted the celebration by informing everyone that The Undertaker's submission Hell's Gate was banned by Vickie Guerrero. Long ordered the match to be continued, when the bell rang Punk immediately applied the anaconda vise and the bell rang to signal the match was over although The Undertaker did not submit. Regardless of this Punk retained the title thus mimicking the Montreal Screwjob.
Aftermath
Breaking Point would be a one-off event for WWE, as the event's September slot was replaced with Night of Champions in 2010, which was previously held in July.
Results
Notes
See also
Professional wrestling in Canada
References
External links
The official Breaking Point website
2009 in Quebec
Professional wrestling in Montreal
WWE pay-per-view events
Events in Montreal
2009 WWE pay-per-view events
September 2009 events in the United States
WWE in Canada
The Workers' Party of Ethiopia (, WPE) was a Marxist–Leninist communist party in Ethiopia from 1984 to 1991 led by General Secretary Mengistu Haile Mariam. The Workers' Party of Ethiopia was founded in 1984 by the Derg, the ruling provisional government of Ethiopia, as the vanguard party for a planned future socialist state. In 1987, the WPE became the ruling party after the establishment of the People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia, and the only legal political party until it was disbanded in 1991. The party was reestablished in August 2022.
COPWE
In 1974, the Derg, a committee of low-ranking officers and enlisted men in the Ethiopian Army, overthrew Emperor Haile Selassie and the government of the Ethiopian Empire during the mass discontent in the country at the time. Originally a non-ideological representative committee for the military, the Derg became the de facto government of Ethiopia in the form of a military junta, and the following year it formally abolished the monarchy and declared itself communist. The Derg received backing from the Soviet Union, who soon afterwards began to pressure them to create a civilian-based vanguard party, and styled themselves as a provisional government under the name Provisional Military Government of Socialist Ethiopia. Mengistu Haile Mariam became Chairman of the Derg in 1977 and argued against such a party, stating that the revolution had succeeded without one and that there was no need. However, by the late 1970s, the Derg faced increasing armed opposition to their rule, and it became apparent that a civilian party would be required to gain any measure of control over the population.
In December 1979, Mengistu formed the Commission for Organizing the Party of the Working People of Ethiopia (COPWE), a temporary political organization that served as a vanguard party for Ethiopia until a permanent one was created. A number of other pre-party mass organisations were also established, such as the Revolutionary Ethiopia Youth Association, hoping that these organisations would help lead to a unified party that would eliminate sectarianism and be based on broad yet clearly defined class interests. The organisations were also intended to act as a conduit for political consciousness at a more personal level by representing Ethiopians at congresses, in the workplace, and at educational institutes, and membership in multiple of the mass organizations was encouraged. The COPWE held three congresses for the mass organisations it had set up, and despite the best efforts of the government to encourage diversity, more than one third of those present at the first congress in 1980 were either soldiers or Addis Ababa residents. The 1980 congress unveiled the membership of the COPWE's Central Committee and Secretariat. The Secretariat, which controlled the more day-to-day aspects of the Central Committee's business and was supervised by the top Derg leadership, was composed of mainly civilian ideologues. Regional branches of the Secretariat coordinated by army officers helped complement the COPWE's central leadership. The organisation became more powerful in 1981 with the creation of separate offices for administrator and COPWE representatives in each region. By 1983, there were about 50,000 COPWE members and approximately 6,500 party cells.
Mengistu's earlier calls for ideological purity and "committed communists" soon became a simple façade for the Derg's efforts to eliminate its political opponents regardless of actual beliefs. Loyalty to the Derg was preferred over dedication to Marxism-Leninism or certain ideological ideals in considerations for party membership. By this time, the military and police had also become the majority in the membership of the Central Committee, with 79 of its 123 members being soldiers, twenty of whom were also Derg members.
Formation
The Workers' Party of Ethiopia (WPE) was finally established on 12 September 1984, to mark the tenth anniversary of the revolution in which the Derg came to power, replacing the COPWE which was dissolved. Mengistu became the party leader under the title general secretary. The WPE's Politburo replaced the COPWE's executive committee as Ethiopia's chief decision making body, featuring eleven members: seven of them were the surviving members of the Derg, while the other four were civilian ideologues and technocrats. The Central Committee was expanded to 183 members, with party congresses every five years. Generally, Mengistu's wishes prevailed over any opposition, and the nepotism involved in the selection of Politburo members meant that opposition was usually marginal anyway, leading the entire council to serve more as a mouthpiece for Mengistu's wishes than as a legitimate government body. At a national level, membership of the WPE was heavily slanted towards soldiers and members of certain ethnic groups that had, historically, endorsed the concept of a unified "Greater Ethiopia", such as the Tigray and Amhara. However, at regional and local levels, ethnicity and military service became less relevant, with large numbers of civilians and members of various ethnicities in positions of power.
The adoption of the 1987 Constitution of Ethiopia established the WPE as the official ruling party of Ethiopia, dissolving the Derg and renamed the country the People's Democratic Republic of Ethiopia. The WPE's position as "formulator of the country's development process and the leading force of the state and in society" was enshrined into law by the 1987 constitution, and as in most communist countries, the constitution gave the party more political power than the government itself, with local party leaders given almost free rein provided their policies did not conflict with the party's Central Committee.
Demise
By the time the WPE came to power in the late-1980s, Ethiopia had been ravaged by droughts and the Derg's mismanagement of the country, and the world's communist movement was declining. By the turn of the 1990s, the WPE's power began to unravel amidst the end of Soviet support in 1990, a concurrent move towards multi-party politics across Africa, and increasing armed insurrection during the Ethiopian Civil War. Mengistu then fled the country, fleeing one week before rebels defeated the government and took power in Ethiopia in 1991. The WPE was dissolved in May 1991, by the new Transitional Government of Ethiopia, and most of its leaders were imprisoned for alleged crimes they had committed in their positions during the party's rule.
See also
Blanquism
References
Ethiopian Civil War
Banned communist parties
Communist parties in Ethiopia
20th century in Ethiopia
Defunct political parties in Ethiopia
Parties of one-party systems
Ethiopia
Political parties established in 1984
Political parties disestablished in 1991
1984 establishments in Ethiopia
1991 disestablishments in Ethiopia
Subramaniam Panchu Arunachalam, credited as Subbu Panchu or P. Ar. Subramaniam (born 16 February 1973) is an Indian actor and film producer. Son of noted writer-producer Panchu Arunachalam, Subbu first appeared as a child artist in the Malayalam film Daisy, before working in the production department of his father's P. A. Art Productions. He returned to acting with the television series Arasi and shot to fame following his performance in the 2010 comedy film Boss Engira Bhaskaran. Subbu has occasionally worked as a voice actor and choreographer as well.
Career
Subbu, being born as the son to writer-producer Panchu Arunachalam, had been in the film industry since his childhood. He made his acting debut at age 14 as a child artist in the Malayalam film Daisy, directed by Pratap Pothen, who was then his neighbour. He was soon made by his father to work as an assistant production manager under Balagopi in his father's P. A. Art Productions for the Rajinikanth-starrer Guru Sishyan. Since Guru Sishyan, Subbu was involved in all the productions until the most recent release Maya Kannadi (2007), with Subbu being promoted from an executive producer to the main producer.
In 2002, Subbu acted in a film directed by Agathiyan, Kadhal Samrajyam, as one of its lead actors, However, after the release of the soundtrack, the film was shelved and was never released. In 2008, he ventured into television and appeared in the popular television drama series Arasi on Sun TV. He was approached by its director Samuthirakani to play the antagonist's role in the film, a role which was initially supposed to last for a week only, but was extended following positive responses. His first Tamil film was Saroja (2008), in which he had a cameo appearance. Meri Subbu returned to the big screen with M. Rajesh's comedy film Boss Engira Bhaskaran, in which he played a pivotal character as the brother of the character played by Arya. The film became one of 2010's biggest commercial successes, which brought Subbu into the limelight and subsequently led to several more acting offers. He starred in Cloud Nine Movies' Thoonga Nagaram as a tahsildar, and appeared in films including Ajith Kumar's Mankatha where he played a CBI Officer, Kamal Ekambaram, as a negative role.
Subbu had previously also worked as a choreographer in the K. Balachander-produced Vidukadhai, and as a voice actor, dubbing for actors Suman and Mukesh Tiwari in Sivaji: The Boss and Kandaswamy, respectively.
He has also appeared in advertisements for Hamam and Lakshmi ceramics. Currently he is hosting a game show, Aayirathil Oruvan, on Zee Tamil channel.
Filmography
Films
All films are in Tamil, unless otherwise noted.
Television
Dubbing artist
Suman (Sivaji, Rudramadevi, Irumbu Thirai, Vantha Rajavathaan Varuven)
Mukesh Tiwari (Kandaswamy)
Jamie Foxx (The Amazing Spider-Man 2)
Jagapathi Babu (Kaththi Sandai)
Adil Hussain (Yatchan)
R. Amarendran (Jil Jung Juk)
Producer credits
Guru Sishyan (1988) – co-producer
Michael Madhana Kamarajan (1991) – executive producer
Rasukutty (1992) – co-producer
Thambi Pondatti (1992) – co-producer
Veera (1994) – co-producer
Poovellam Kettuppar (1999) – co-producer
Rishi (2001) – co-producer
Solla Marandha Kadhai (2002) – co-producer
Maya Kannadi (2007) – producer
Chennai 600028 II: Second Innings (2016) – executive producer
References
External links
Subbu Panchu on Facebook
Indian male film actors
Tamil male actors
Television personalities from Tamil Nadu
Living people
Film producers from Tamil Nadu
Tamil film producers
Indian male voice actors
1981 births
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Male actors in Malayalam cinema
Male actors in Telugu cinema
21st-century Indian male actors
Tamil male television actors
Maupasinidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Ascaridida.
Genera:
Maupasina Seurat, 1913
References
Nematodes
Verkhneyanaktayevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Verkhneyanaktayevsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 171 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Verkhneyanaktayevo is located 8 km southeast of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nizhneyanaktayevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
Eurasimona is a genus of the family Tephritidae, better known as fruit flies.
References
Tephritinae
Tephritidae genera
Dialakoro is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 83 square kilometers and includes four villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 6,893. The village of Dialakoro, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 98 km northwest of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Explorer (Tan Suo Zhe, 探索者) autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) is a Chinese AUV developed in the People's Republic of China (PRC),first entering service in November 1994. It should not be confused with another two Anglo-American AUVs that share the same name: the American Autonomous Benthic Explorer AUV (ABE) built by Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, and the British Columbia-based International Submarine Engineeringbuilt Canadian Explorer AUV, which is based on its earlier ARCS AUV.Many Chinese AUVs later developed, such as Wukong, WZODA, CR series, Exploration series, Micro Dragon series, Sea Whale series, Submerged Dragon series AUVs, are all based on experienced gained from Explorer AUV.
Explorer AUV
Explorer AUV is one of the projects of 863-512 subprogram of the 863 Program in PRC, developed by a joint team of research and educational establishments including the 702nd Research Institute (中国船舶重工集团公司第702研究所) of China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation (CSIC), Shenyang Institute of Automation (沈阳自动化所) of Chinese Academy of Science (CAS), Shipbuilding Engineering Institute (船舶工程学院) of Harbin Engineering University (HEU), Institute of Underwater Engineering (水下工程研究所) of Shanghai Jiao Tong University (SHJTU), and other establishments totaling over a dozen. Feng Xisheng (封锡盛), a professor of Shipbuilding Engineering Institute of HEU was named at the general designer of Explorer AUV, while Xu Huangnan (徐芑南), a professor of School of Naval Architecture, Ocean and Civil Engineering (船舶与海洋工程学院) of SHJTU and the general designer of 8A4 class ROUVs, was named as the deputy general designer of Explorer AUV. Explorer AUV is the first AUV of PRC.
The brain of Explorer AUV consists of three computers: central control computer, positioning computer, and imagery computer. In addition to controlling the interface tracing the traveling path and the interface controlling the surveillance of the system, the central control computer controls the interface controlling remotely operated module so that in addition to being able to operate as an AUV, the Explorer AUV can also be operated as a remotely operated underwater vehicle (ROUV). To accurately provide the positional parameters of the Explore AUV in the water such as pitch, row, yaw, depth, distance and location, the navigational system of the Explorer AUV utilizes a number of methodologies, including GPS, Doppler Velocity Measurement, directional gyro, short baseline positioning, ultra short baseline positioning, visual tracking and fluxgate compass. Information provided by these subsystems are fed and processed by the navigational computer on board. The compressed underwater television images are handled by the imagery computer. These on board electronics are powered by the main propulsion system consisted of lead-acid batteries with 120 V direct current, which is converted to 220 V alternate current to power the electronic equipment.
The communication system of Explorer AUV consists of surface communication subsystem and underwater communication subsystem, and the two are linked via acoustic communication module, which passed the information received from underwater communication computer and pass it on the central computer. The central control computer analyzes this information, including sending the compressed television imagery signals to imagery computer, which in turn, convert the information to display the image on the screen. The communication between the central control computer and positioning computer is achieved via RS-232 interface, while GPS information is received from the positioning computer via EIA-422 interface. In addition to sending the information to control the AUV, the central computer is also designed to communicate and interface the operating console on the mother ship when needed. The underwater communication system of Explorer AUV consists of two major components, the sonar controlling module and communication computer (via CPU). The sonar controlling module is tasked to control acoustic communication module, Doppler sonar, side-looking sonar, and other sonars, while communication computer is tasked to act as an interface between various onboard subsystems.
The sonar control module is also tasked to process the imagery data, compress the data, and communicate with the communication computer. Numerous sensors were installed on board Explorer AUV to provide the necessary information for the AUV to operate, and these environmental subsystems consisted of underwater cameras and sonar. Information gathered is recorded on board the AUV while is also passed to the operator console on the mother ship at the same time, and the camera is capable of store 250 high resolution photos. The information gathered for navigation is also used to control the AUV, and extensive built-in diagnostic system can automatically fix minor problems, and alert the mother ship of major mishaps that cannot be fixed automatically, while directing the AUV to ascend to surface at the same time. The success of Explorer AUV provides the foundation for Chinese cooperation with Russia to jointly develop the next Chinese AUV, the WZODA AUV.
Specifications
Length:
Width: 0.8 meters
Height: 1.5 meters
Weight: 2.2 tons
Speed: > 4 kt
Side-traveling speed: > 1 kt
Diving speed: > 0.5 kt
Maximum operating depth: 1 km
Propulsion: Electrically powered propellers
Power: lead–acid batteries
WZODA AUV
Just like its predecessor Explorer AUV, WZODA AUV is part of the 863 Program, and it is jointly developed by Russia and several Chinese establishments including 702nd Research Institute (702nd Institute) and Shenyang Institute of Automation (SIoA), the developers of Explorer AUV. The general design follows that of earlier Explorer AUV, with many design changes to achieve the new depth requirement, which is 6000 meters. New technologies and design features adopted by 702nd Institute and agreed by Russian partners included the contra-rotating tunnel thrusters, which provides advantage for the AUV to climb underwater slopes. After a single unit was completed, the joint Sino-Russo team moved on the next design, CR-01 AUV.
CR-01 AUV
CR-01 AUV is the successor of WZODA AUV, which is also developed by the same developers, the joint Sino-Russo team that included the Chinese 702nd Institute and SIoA. CR-01 can dive to the same depth of its predecessor WZODA AUV, but with better positioning accuracy, thanks to GPS assisted navigation system incorporated. CR-01 has multiple microprocessors and reprogrammable, and in addition to be autonomous, it can also be remotely piloted via an eight-channel data link. The black box of CR-01 is based on that of aircraft, and in emergency situations such as loss of control, CR-01 would automatically surface and release markers, light and radio signals for easy salvage. Specifications:
Length: 4.374 m
Width: 0.8 m
Draft: 0.93 m
Weight: 1305.15 kg
Maximum depth: 6000 m
Maximum speed: 2 kt
Endurance: 10 hr
Positioning accuracy: 10 to 15 m
CR-01A AUV
CR-01A AUV is the development of CR-01 AUV. After successful deployments, it was recommended that CR-01 should be modified to solve the shortcomings exposed during its usage. After extensive refit that lasted more than one and half a year, it re-entered service as CR-01A. The external dimensions are general similar to that of its predecessor CR-01, but CR-02 can also perform salvage functions, with detection ability to penetrate mud layer up to 50 meters thick. Due to the success of CR-01 series AUV, its general designer Feng Xisheng (封锡盛, December 17, 1941—) was promoted to academician of Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1999.
CR-02 AUV
CR-02 is the development of CR-01A, and it has been deployed in oceanic mineral survey. In addition to the survey sonar, a total of eight miniature obstacle avoidance sonars are installed on CR-02 AUV. Specifications:
Length: 4.5 m
Diameter: 0.8 m
Weight: 1.5 t
Speed: 2.3 kt
Endurance: 25 hr
Depth: 6000 m
Power: silver-zinc battery
Photographic capability: 3000 photos
Recording capability: over 4 hours continuously
Obstacle avoidance sonar range: 60 m
Obstacle avoidance sonar accuracy: 1%
Survey sonar range: 12 km
Survey sonar accuracy: better than 20 m
Bottom penetration: 50 m (soft mud)
Sea Clever AUV
Based on experienced gained from Explorer AUV, HEU has developed a very little known Sea Clever (Hai-Ling, 海灵) AUV.
Sea Clever is developed as a 300-kg class AUV that is designed mainly to develop various critical components of AUVs that are embargoed by foreign countries, so China had to indigenously develop these parts on its own.The successful development of Sea Clever helped future domestic Chinese AUVs to reduce reliance on foreign components. Specification:
Weight: 300 kg
Sea Whale 1000 AUV
Sea Whale (Hai-Jing, 海鲸) 1000 AUV is a long-endurance AUV, and is jointly developed by SIA, Ocean University of China, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Sun Yat-sen University, The Second Institute of the Ministry of Natural Resources of the People's Republic of China, and South China Sea Institute of Oceanography of CAS, with SIA as the development team lead.Sea Whale 1000 AUV adopts modular design to enable it to carry various equipments for different missions, and it entered service at the end of 2020.
Sea Whale 2000 AUV
Sea Whale 2000 AUV is a development of earlier Sea Whale 1000 AUV, with the same development team,and like its predecessor Sea Whale 1000, Sea Whale 2000 is also capable of performing various scientific research and survey missions.
Specification:
Weight: 200 kg
Speed: 2 kt
Range: > 2000 km
Endurance: > 1 month
Operating depth: 1500 to 2000 meter
Micro Dragon series AUVs
Micro Dragon (Wei-Long, 微龙) series AUV is a series of experimental AUVs developed from experience gained from Explorer AUV by HEU,and they are primarily developed to research the topic of miniaturization of AUVs, so that future AUVs can either be drastically shrink in size so they can operate in confined space underwater, or when future AUVs are built to the same size, the miniaturization of components on board would leave more room either for more batteries to enable the AUV to have longer range, or more room to house additional payload. A total of two models of Micro Dragon series AUVs have been developed: Micro Dragon 1 (WL-I), Micro Dragon 2 (WL-II),and Micro Dragon 3 (WL-III).
Wukong AUV
Wukong (悟空, meaning Goku) AUV is an UUV developed by HEU based on experience gained on earlier Explorer series AUVs.
Wukong AUV is designed to operate to a depth of more than 10,000 meters, and it has been successfully deployed in Chinese scientific research missions on Mariana Trench, reach a depth of 10,896 meters. The general designer is Mr. Li Yejiao (李晔教) and the deputy general designer is Mr. Cao Jian (曹建) and Mr. Li Yueming (李岳明), all of them are professors of HEU. Specification:
Length: 2 meter
Width: 1 meter
Weight: 1.3 ton
Maximum operating depth: > 10,000 meters
References
Auxiliary ships of the People's Liberation Army Navy
Autonomous underwater vehicles
Unmanned underwater vehicles
Robotic submarines
Izad Gushnasp, known in Armenian sources as Yezatvshnasp, and in Islamic Iranian sources as Yazdan, was a Sasanian nobleman of Parthian or Daylamite origin, who is mostly known for his wars in Persian Armenia.
Origins
According to Armenian sources, Izad Gushnasp was a member of the House of Mihran, and the son of a certain Ashtat. According to the Armenian historian Ghazar Parpetsi, Izad Gushnasp was also the foster brother of the Sasanian king (shah) Peroz I, who was the son of shah Yazdegerd II. However, according to the Iranian historian Ibn Isfandiyar, Izad Gushnasp and Ashtat were brothers from Daylam in northern Iran, but due to falling out with one of the most prominent and powerful noble of the Wuzurgan class in Daylam, had to leave the region and settle further east in Mazandaran.
Biography
In 451, the Christian Armenians, who were under constant persecution by the Sasanian shah Yazdegerd II, revolted against the latter under their leader Vardan Mamikonian. Izad Gushnasp, along with Ashtat, played a prominent role in the suppression of the revolt. They managed to capture several Armenian nobles along with their priest, and had them imprisoned in Nishapur. During the reign of Yazdegerd's son Peroz I, Izad Gushnasp was in ca. 464 ordered to take the imprisoned Armenians to Herat to use them in their army. Izad Gushnasp is later mentioned as the commander of Bolberd, a fortress northeast to the city of Karin. The fortress had many gold mines, which was greatly important for the Sasanians to protect from the Byzantines. During this period, the relations between Izad Gushnasp's family and Peroz I was flourishing, and Peroz even later married the daughter of Ashtat.
In 482, the Armenians along with the Iberians, rebelled against the Sasanians. Peroz I responded by sending several armies to subdue the rebels. Some time later, the Sasanian noble Zarmihr Karen from the Karenid family, was successful in a campaign against the Armenians, and managed to capture several of them, including nobles from the Kamsarakan family. Zarmihr shortly delivered the Armenian captives to another general named Shapur Mihran, who delivered them to Izad Gushnasp at Bolberd. After this event, Izad Gushnasp is no longer mentioned in any source.
References
Sources
5th-century births
Year of death unknown
5th-century Iranian people
Izad
Daylamites
Generals of Peroz I
Generals of Yazdegerd II
The Size Of Food is an album by New Zealand band Jean-Paul Sartre Experience, released in 1989. It was released via Flying Nun Records.
The album was rereleased by Fire Records as part of its I Like Rain: The Story of The Jean-Paul Sartre Experience box set.
Critical reception
Trouser Press wrote that "while it has its share of Kiwi brilliance ... it also contains some distracting experiments that find the band flirting needlessly with art-rock and dance motifs." The Guardian called the band "often-overlooked," praising "Inside and Out" from the "excellent" The Size of Food. Blurt called "Elemental" the highlight, writing that "the whole album is very strong."
Track listing
Inside & Out - 03:55
Elemental - 04:14
Slip - 03:11
Shadows - 04:01
Get My Point - 05:16
Gravel - 03:14
Thrills - 05:21
Window - 04:46
Personnel
Dave Yetton - guitar, vocals, bass, assorted sounds
David Mulcahy - guitar, vocals
Gary Sullivan - drums, assorted sounds
Jim Laing - guitar, vocals
Nick Roughan - engineer
Rob Pinder - producer
References
Jean-Paul Sartre Experience albums
Flying Nun Records albums
Schneidernematidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
Genera:
Ascaroterakis Vicente, 1965
Echinomena
Inglisonema Mawson, 1968
Linstowinema Smales, 1997
Madelinema Schmidt & Kuntz, 1971
Morgascarida
Morgascaridia Inglis, 1958
Schneidernema Travassos, 1927
References
Nematodes
Zygocactus virus X is a little-understood plant virus which was first reported in a Thanksgiving Cactus (S. truncata) from Missoula, Montana, United States. Transmission takes place through mechanical inoculation. Once infected, the cactus develops symptoms which can include (varying with the host infected) reddening of the pads, mosaics, mottles, ringspots or necrosis. The virus has few known family hosts (under 3) and the exact spread of this virus is unknown, but known to be based in the United States.
References
External links
Plant Viruses Online
International Committee on taxonomy of Viruses
Potexviruses
Viral plant pathogens and diseases
Larry Stroman is an American comic book artist and writer. After first gaining attention illustrating the Epic Comics series Alien Legion (vol. 2), he went on to illustrate various Marvel Comics books such as The Uncanny X-Men, X-Factor, Ghost Rider (vol. 2) and Punisher, as well as work for other companies, such as DC Comics' Darkstars and Dark Horse Comics' The Mark. He briefly published a creator-owned series called The Tribe with Image Comics in the early 1990s.
Career
Stroman was interested in comic books from a very young age; until he could afford to buy them himself he would read comics handed down to him from his brother or loaned from friends. He began his career with the goal of being a comic book artist, but "became sidetracked by a lot of other stuff" and worked first as a draftsman, before moving to New York City and working as a portrait artist for a few years.
While working on comics, Stroman prefers the Marvel method of creation. To avoid pacing problems at the end of a comic (due to running low on space), he would draw the last few pages of each story immediately after drawing the first page, drawing the middle pages last.
Stroman's earliest work in the American comic book industry was in 1985, when he illustrated back-up stories in First Comics' American Flagg! #21–23 and World's Finest Comics #316–317 for DC Comics. He then illustrated Alien Legion (vol. 2) #10–20 for Marvel Comics. His association with Alien Legion would continue in with his handling of the art duties on the first 18 issues of that series' next volume, which premiered in 1987, the 1990 three-issue miniseries Alien Legion: On the Edge, and the 1991 miniseries Alien Legion: Tenants of Hell. During this time he also drew other Marvel books, such Alpha Flight Annual, Cloak and Dagger, What The--?! and Ghost Rider, as well as books for other publishers, such as The Mark #3 for Dark Horse Comics, and The Law of Dredd #24 for Fleetway-Quality. These jobs sometimes consisted of sharing art contributions with other artists on certain issues, such as drawing a small number of pages of Uncanny X-Men #273 and providing spot illustration for the reference series Who's Who in the DC Universe #9, both of which were published in 1991.
That same year, following the "Muir Island Saga" storyline that altered the status quo of the X-Men family of books, the series X-Factor embarked in a new direction, with a new cast and storyline, on which Stroman joined writer Peter David. Initially he was brought on as a fill-in artist, but was soon offered X-Factor as a regular assignment and given approval to redesign the characters' costumes and overall appearance as he saw fit. Stroman was the regular artist on the series from issue 71 to issue 81. Following the end of his run on that title, he drew a number of other books, such as Wolverine, Punisher and Darkstars.
In 1993, Stroman and writer Todd Johnson co-created the Image Comics series Tribe, which is the largest-selling African-American-created comic of all time. Sales for issue #1 exceeded the one million mark. After the title was canceled in the "Image shakeup" of 1994, Stroman and Johnson founded Axis Comics to continue publication of Tribe, but the company closed after publishing only nine issues. In a press release, Stroman cited a change in his working relationship with Johnson, and "increased production costs, creator apathy, and unforeseen market factors."
Stroman's subsequent work in the 1990s included illustrating WildC.A.T.s: Covert Action Teams Annual #1 for Jim Lee's Wildstorm Productions/Image, and a number of Marvel titles including X-Men: The Early Years, Excalibur and Heroes Reborn: Iron Man.
Stroman's 2000s work includes various installments of the recurring The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe reference series, including The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe: Teams 2005 and two issues of the 2007 book The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe: A to Z: Update, as well as What-If X-Men: Rise and Fall of the Shi'Ar Empire, and Black Panther Annual #1 with Reginald Hudlin and Ken Lashley. In 2008 Stroman was reunited with his X-Factor collaborator Peter David, illustrating issues #33–36 and 38 of volume 3 of that series. Stroman subsequently illustrated the three-issue miniseries X-Men: The Times and Life of Lucas Bishop miniseries, and Thunderbolts #144, both in 2009.
Notes
References
External links
African-American comics creators
American comics creators
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American people
The NHL's American Division was formed after expansion in 1926. The division existed for 12 seasons until 1938.
During its run as a separate division, the American Division was the slightly more successful of the league's two divisions. American Division teams won seven Stanley Cup championships compared with five won by the Canadian Division and contested three intra-divisional Finals under the cross-over playoff format then in use, compared to only one such Finals between two Canadian Division teams.
Division lineups
1926–1930
Boston Bruins
Chicago Black Hawks
Detroit Cougars
New York Rangers
Pittsburgh Pirates
Changes from the 1925–26 season
The American Division is formed as the result of NHL realignment.
The Boston Bruins and Pittsburgh Pirates join the American Division.
The Chicago Black Hawks, Detroit Cougars and New York Rangers are admitted as expansion teams. (The Black Hawks and Cougars acquired the contracts of the Portland Rosebuds and Victoria Cougars, respectively, from the disbanding Western Hockey League however the league does not consider the Chicago and Detroit franchises to be continuations of the defunct WHL teams.)
1930–1931
Boston Bruins
Chicago Black Hawks
Detroit Falcons
New York Rangers
Philadelphia Quakers
Changes from the 1929–30 season
The Detroit Cougars change their name to the Detroit Falcons
The Pittsburgh Pirates moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to become the Philadelphia Quakers
1931–1933
Boston Bruins
Chicago Black Hawks
Detroit Falcons
New York Rangers
Changes from the 1930–31 season
The Philadelphia Quakers folded due to financial problems
1933–1938
Boston Bruins
Chicago Black Hawks
Detroit Red Wings
New York Rangers
Changes from 1932–33 season
The Detroit Falcons change their name to the Detroit Red Wings
After the 1937–38 season
The league collapsed into one single table, reverting to the format of the 1925–26 season, after the Montreal Maroons folded in 1938.
Division champions
1927 – New York Rangers (25–13–6, 56 pts)
1928 – Boston Bruins (20–13–11, 51 pts)
1929 – Boston Bruins (26–13–5, 57 pts)
1930 – Boston Bruins (38–5–1, 77 pts)
1931 – Boston Bruins (28–10–6, 62 pts)
1932 – New York Rangers (23–17–8, 54 pts)
1933 – Boston Bruins (25–15–8, 58 pts)
1934 – Detroit Red Wings (24–14–10, 58 pts)
1935 – Boston Bruins (26–16–6, 58 pts)
1936 – Detroit Red Wings (24–16–8, 56 pts)
1937 – Detroit Red Wings (25–14–9, 59 pts)
1938 – Boston Bruins (30–11–7, 67 pts)
Stanley Cup winners produced
1928 – New York Rangers
1929 – Boston Bruins
1933 – New York Rangers
1934 – Chicago Black Hawks
1936 – Detroit Red Wings
1937 – Detroit Red Wings
1938 – Chicago Black Hawks
See also
History of the National Hockey League
References
NHL History
American
Sports organizations established in 1926
Organizations disestablished in 1938
Colombuthurai (; Kolomtara) is a suburb of the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka. Colombuthurai means "the port at the bending point" in Tamil and is derived from the Tamil words kolu (plough point) and thurai (port). The suburb is divided into two village officer divisions (Colombuthurai East and Colombuthurai West) whose combined population was 3,431 at the 2012 census.
Schools
Colombuthurai Hindu College, Jaffna
Temples
Colombuthurai Pillayar Kovil
Notable people
Yogaswami, Spiritual master
V. Yogeswaran, Politician and former Member of Parliament.
Sarojini Yogeswaran, Former Mayor of Jaffna.
M.K.Eelaventhan, Politician and former Member of Parliament.
Nishan Canagarajah, Pro-vice-chancellors of the University of Bristol, England.
Suresh Canagarajah, Professor of Applied linguistics, English, and Asian studies at Pennsylvania State University, U.S.A.
References
Jaffna DS Division
Suburbs of Jaffna
The 2014–15 Top League Challenge Series was the 2014–15 edition of the Top League Challenge Series, a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan, in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2015–16 season. The competition was contested from 7 December 2014 to 25 January 2015.
Honda Heat won promotion to the 2015–16 Top League, while Kamaishi Seawaves, Kyuden Voltex and Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Competition rules and information
The top two teams from the regional Top East League, Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series. The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1, while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2. The winner of Challenge 2 also progressed to a four-team Challenge 1.
The top team in Challenge 1 won automatic promotion to the 2015–16 Top League, while the other three teams qualified to the promotion play-offs.
Qualification
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2014 regional leagues.
Top West League
The final standings for the 2014 Top West League were:
Honda Heat qualified for Challenge 1.
Osaka Police qualified for Challenge 2.
Top East League
The final standings for the 2014 Top East League were:
Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars qualified for Challenge 1.
Kamaishi Seawaves qualified for Challenge 2.
Top Kyūshū League
The final standings for the 2014 Top Kyūshū League were:
Chugoku Electric Power, Kyuden Voltex and Mazda Blue Zoomers qualified to the Second Phase.
Kagoshima Bank were relegated to lower leagues.
Kyuden Voltex qualified for Challenge 1.
Chugoku Electric Power qualified for Challenge 2.
Challenge 1
Standings
The final standings for the 2014–15 Top League Challenge 1 were:
Honda Heat won promotion to the 2015–16 Top League.
Kamaishi Seawaves, Kyuden Voltex and Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2014–15 Top League Challenge 1:
Challenge 2
Standings
The final standings for the 2014–15 Top League Challenge 2 were:
Kamaishi Seawaves progressed to Challenge 1.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2014–15 Top League Challenge 2:
See also
2014–15 Top League
Top League Challenge Series
References
2014-15 Challenge
2014–15 in Japanese rugby union
2014–15 rugby union tournaments for clubs
The following is a list of the orders and medals issued by the People's Republic of China since its founding. The Working Committee of Party and State Merit and Honour Commendation is responsible for coordinating the work of Party and state merit and honor commendation.
History
In the early days of the founding of the People's Republic of China, Mao Zedong and other leaders believed that the national honor system was a relic of old society, and that the pursuit of medals would encourage the prevalence of individualism and selfishness in society, which was inconsistent with the political moral standards of "selflessness". Therefore, the national honor system of the People's Republic of China had not been fully established before 2016 and was in a blank state during the Cultural Revolution period. China, together with Switzerland, South Sudan, Eritrea, etc., is listed as one of the few countries in the world that have not set up a national honours system.
In recent years, calls were made for the government of China to improve the national honour system and make to award national medals. In 2007, the Ministry of Civil Affairs of the People's Republic of China announced the decision to establish a national honour system in an effort to "unite the sons and daughters of China with common values." On December 27, 2015, the 18th session of the Standing Committee of the Twelfth National People's Congress passed the Law of the People's Republic of China on National Medals and Titles of Honour, which came into force on January 1, 2016. According to the provisions of this law, the state establishes the Order of the Republic, which is awarded to outstanding people who have made great contributions and made outstanding contributions to the construction of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the defense of the country. The Friendship Medal will be awarded to foreigners who have made outstanding contributions to China's socialist modernization drive, to promoting exchanges and cooperation with other countries, and to maintaining world peace. The National Honorary Title shall be established to award outstanding persons who have made significant contributions and enjoyed high reputation in various fields and industries such as economy, society, national defense, foreign affairs, education, science and technology, culture, public health, sports and so on. The Order of July the First is awarded to outstanding party members. These five highest orders of honour in China form the core of its newly established system for merit and honour. The first August 1 Medal and the Friendship Medal were conferred on 28 July 2017 and 8 June 2018 respectively, the Republic Medal and the National Medal of Honour on 29 September 2019, and the July 1 Medal on 29 June 2021.
Precedent
National medals and titles of national honour are usually awarded once every five years on the fifth and tenth anniversaries of the founding of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), the People's Republic of China and the People's Liberation Army, and may be awarded at other times if necessary. The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress is responsible for the proposal of prospective individuals for the national honours list to be awarded for these occasions.
Civilian
Medals
Honorary titles and awards
People's Liberation Army
Order
Medal
Ribbons
Qualification badges () are a series of decorations of People's Liberation Army Type 07 in the form of small ribbons mounted on small metal bars indicating military rank, billet, or length of service. Only PLA/PAPF officers can wear qualification badges, PLA/PAPF soldiers wear National Defense Service Medal instead.
Billet and rank ribbons
Each row has three ribbons; a blank white ribbon is used to fill out a row that only has two ribbons. Ranks and billets can be inferred from the number of rows. The rule is:
7 rows: Level of Vice Chairman of CMC () and CMC members ()
6 rows: Level of Theater Command ()
5 rows: Level of Corps ()
4 rows: Level of Division ()
3 rows: Level of Regiment/Brigade ()
2 rows: Level of Battalion ()
1 row: Level of Company () and Platoon ()
The ribbon at the middle of top row is called a rank ribbon () and has at least one five-pointed star on it. One star represent for deputy posts (except level of vice chairman of CMC and CMC members and platoon), and two stars for principal posts. The color of stars also differs from ranks, over and include level of corps it is golden and below it is silver.
Length of service ribbons
All ribbons except for the rank/billet ribbon centered at the top row are used to represent the wearer's length of service, similar to the U.S. military's service stripes.
Ribbon list
Swords
Sword of Deep Blue () – Awarded as a Naval honor
Sword of The Sea () – Awarded to graduating cadets of Dalian Naval Academy
Sword of Military Spirit () – Awarded to graduating cadets of PLA Nanjing Political College
See also
Service ribbon
Order
List of military decorations
List of civil awards and decorations
Ranks of the People's Liberation Army
Socialist orders of merit
References
External links
Chlormethine (INN, BAN), also known as mechlorethamine (USAN, USP), mustine, HN2, and (in post-Soviet states) embikhin (эмбихин), is a nitrogen mustard sold under the brand name Mustargen among others. It is the prototype of alkylating agents, a group of anticancer chemotherapeutic drugs. It works by binding to DNA, crosslinking two strands and preventing cell duplication. It binds to the N7 nitrogen on the DNA base guanine. As the chemical is a blister agent, its use is strongly restricted within the Chemical Weapons Convention where it is classified as a Schedule 1 substance.
Mechlorethamine belongs to the group of nitrogen mustard alkylating agents.
Uses
It has been derivatized into the estrogen analogue estramustine phosphate, used to treat prostate cancer. It can also be used in chemical warfare where it has to code-name HN2. This chemical is a form of nitrogen mustard gas and a powerful vesicant. Historically, some uses of mechlorethamine have included lymphoid malignancies such as Hodgkin's disease, lymphosarcoma, chronic myelocytic leukemia, polycythemia vera, and bronchogenic carcinoma Mechlorethamine is often administered intravenously, but when compounded into a topical formulation it can also be used to treat skin diseases. There have been studies demonstrating that topical administration of mechlorethamine has efficacy in mycosis fungoides-type cutaneous T cell lymphoma.
Another important use of chlormethine is in the synthesis of pethidine (meperidine).
Side effects and toxicity
Mechlorethamine is a highly toxic medication, especially for women who are pregnant, breastfeeding, or of childbearing age. At high enough levels, exposure can be fatal.
The adverse effects of mechlorethamine depend on the formulation. When used in chemical warfare, it can cause immunosuppression and damage to mucous membranes of the eyes, skin, and respiratory tract. Mucous membranes and damp or damaged skin are more affected by exposure to HN-2. Though symptoms of exposure are generally delayed, the DNA damage it causes occurs very quickly. More serious exposures cause symptoms to develop sooner. Eye symptoms develop first, in the first 1–2 hours (severe exposure) or 3–12 hours (mild to moderate exposure) followed by airway (2-6/12–24 hours) and skin symptoms (6–48 hours). Hot, humid weather shortens the latent (symptom-free) period.
Symptoms of toxic exposure to HN-2 vary based on the route of exposure. Eye exposure causes lacrimation (tear production), burning, irritation, itching, a feeling of grittiness or dryness, blepharospasm (spasms of the eyelid), and miosis (pinpoint pupils). More severe cases cause edema (swelling from fluid accumulation) in the eyelids, photophobia (extreme sensitivity to light), severe pain, corneal ulceration, and blindness.
Inhalation of chlormethine damages the upper and lower airways sequentially, with more severe exposures causing faster damage that afflicts lower parts of the respiratory tract. Early symptoms include rhinorrhea (runny nose), epistaxis (nosebleed), toneless voice, sneezing, barking cough, and dyspnea (in smokers and asthmatics). Later symptoms include pain in the nose/sinuses and inflammation of the airway. In severe cases, there may be epithelial necrosis throughout the respiratory tract, causing pseudomembrane formation, which can obstruct the airway. Pneumonia may develop and prove fatal.
Skin exposure mainly causes erythema (redness) and vesication (blistering) at first, but absorption through the skin causes systemic toxicity. In cases where more than 25% of the skin is affected, fatal exposure is likely to have occurred.
Though ingestion is uncommon, if mechlorethamine is swallowed it causes severe chemical burns to the gastrointestinal tract and concomitant nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, and hemorrhage.
Long-term effects of acute or chronic chlormethine exposure are caused by damage to the immune system. White blood cell counts drop, increasing the risk of infection, and red blood cell and platelet counts may also drop due to bone marrow damage. Chronic eye infections may result from exposure, but blindness is temporary. Long-term effects on the respiratory system include anosmia (inability to smell), ageusia (inability to taste), inflammation, chronic infections, fibrosis, and cancer. Skin that has been damaged by HN2 can change pigmentation or become scarred, and may eventually develop cancer.
History
The effect of vesicant (blister) agents in the form of mustard gas (sulfur mustard, Bis(2-chloroethyl) sulfide) on bone marrow and white blood cells had been known since the First World War. In 1935 several lines of chemical and biological research yielded results that would be explored after the start of the Second World War. The vesicant action of a family of chemicals related to the sulfur mustards, but with nitrogen substituting for sulfur was discovered—the "nitrogen mustards" were born. The particular nitrogen mustard chlormethine (mechlorethamine) was first synthesized. And the action of sulfur mustard on tumors in laboratory animals was investigated for the first time.
After the U.S. entry into the Second World War the nitrogen mustards were candidate chemical warfare agents and research on them was initiated by the Office of Scientific Research and Development (OSRD). The OSRD let contracts to study them to two universities—Yale University and the University of Chicago. Inspired perhaps by the preliminary research in 1935, independently both groups thought to test whether a medically useful differential toxicity between animals and animal tumors existed. The Yale pharmacologists Louis Goodman and Alfred Gilman were the first to conduct a clinical trial, on 27 August 1942, using the agent HN3 (tris(2-chloroethyl)amine) on a patient known as J.D.
The next year the Chicago group, led by Leon O. Jacobson, conducted trials with HN2 (chlormethine) which was the only agent in this group to see eventual clinical use. Wartime secrecy prevented any of this ground-breaking work on chemotherapy from being published, but papers were released once wartime secrecy ended, in 1946.
Further clinical trials after the war, led by Cornelius P. Rhoads at Memorial Sloan-Kettering, helped establish the medical utility of the drug for Hodgkin's disease and several other lymphomas and leukemia.
Chemistry
Chlormethine is combustible and becomes explosive under extreme conditions. It can react with metals to form gaseous hydrogen.
See also
Nitrogen mustards
HN1
HN3
References
External links
British Columbia Cancer Agency profile
Amines
Organochlorides
Nitrogen mustard vesicants
Chloroethyl compounds
Orphan drugs
Stephen Michael Brogan (born 24 September 1969) is a former English cricketer and entrepreneur. He was born in Worksop, Nottinghamshire and now resides in Ascot, Berkshire.
Cricket career
Brogan is a right-handed batsman, who spent two seasons on the staff at Nottinghamshire from 1990 to 1991. He made his debut in county cricket for Herefordshire in the 1992 Minor Counties Championship against Devon. From 1992 to 1999, he represented the county in 28 Championship matches, scoring two centuries with a top score of 105 not out against Dorset in 1995. His MCCA Knockout Trophy debut for the county came against Norfolk in 1995. From 1995 to 1996, he represented the county in 6 Trophy matches, including the 1995 Trophy Final against Cambridgeshire, where he made an unbeaten 60 in a narrow defeat. It was for Herefordshire that he made his debut in List A cricket, which came against Durham in the 1995 NatWest Trophy.
He later captained the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in 2 List A match against Scotland in the 1999 NatWest Trophy and the Gloucestershire Cricket Board in the 1st round of the 2000 NatWest Trophy. In his total of 3 List A match he scored 104 runs at a batting average of 34.66, with a single half century high score of 61.
Brogan joined Berkshire in 2002, making his debut for the county in the 2002 Minor Counties Championship against Wales Minor Counties. From 2002 to 2003, he represented the county in 4 Championship matches, the last of which came against Oxfordshire. In 2002, he played 2 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches for the county against the Middlesex Cricket Board and Oxfordshire.
Business career
After graduating from Sheffield Hallam University in 1994, Brogan pursued a business career with Bass and S&N. He was short-listed in The Drinks Business prestigious “On-Trade Business Person of the Year Award 2007″, where he finished runner-up.
Following his departure from S&N's wholesale subsidiary, WaverleyTBS, in April 2008, Brogan was inspired to start his own business and Interbev UK Ltd was set up in August 2008.
"Initially set up to provide consultancy services to SMEs within the drinks market, in January 2009 the business started trading and eventually exited consultancy to focus fully on becoming a domestic and international wholesale business, specialising in recognised drinks brands". In its 5-years of trading, Interbev UK Ltd has grown rapidly to a £50m+ turnover business and now employs over 40 people
.
Brogan's success with Interbev has led to a number of award nominations, including winners of 2010 Service Business of the Year in the UK Startup Awards and shortlisted in the 2011 International Business of the Year in the Fast Growth Business Awards.
In August 2013, Brogan took a controlling interest in Ooberstock Ltd, a national drinks distributor to the UK on-premise sector.
References
External links
Stephen Brogan at Cricinfo
Stephen Brogan at CricketArchive
Stephen Brogan interview at www.startups.co.uk
1969 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Worksop
English cricketers
Herefordshire cricketers
Nottinghamshire Cricket Board cricketers
Berkshire cricketers
Aloers (the word is originally Catalan) were independent peasant proprietors of alous in what is now Catalonia, especially during the years between the Carolingian reconquest of the Hispanic Marches from the Moors in the late 9th century and the consolidation of feudalism in that region in the 11th century. They generally practised family-based subsistence farming.
The owner of property in alou (from the Frankish alôd = full domain) was considered by medieval jurists to have "no other lord than God".
History of Catalonia
The Lotus Evora is a sports car produced by British car manufacturer Lotus. The car, which was developed under the project name Project Eagle, was launched on 22 July 2008 at the British International Motor Show. The Evora S was launched in 2010 with a supercharged 3.5-litre V6. A facelifted and more powerful Evora 400 model was unveiled at the 2015 Geneva Motor Show, followed by another more powerful variant, the Evora GT430, which was unveiled in 2017.
The Lotus Evora is based on the first all-new vehicle platform from Lotus Cars since the introduction of the Lotus Elise in 1995 (the Exige and the 2006 Europa S are both derivatives of the Elise). The Evora was planned to be the first of three vehicles to be built on the same platform. The sales target was 2,000 cars per year, with prices between £45,000 and just over £50,000, and sales in America scheduled from the beginning of 2010.
Overview
The Evora is the first product of a five-year plan started in 2006 to expand the Lotus lineup beyond its track-specialized offerings and produce a practical road car that would appeal to the mainstream market. As such, it is larger than are recent Elise models and its derivatives (the Exige, Europa S, etc.), with an unladen weight of , with the automatic version weighing in at . The Evora is currently the only Lotus model with a 2+2 configuration, although it will also be offered in a two-seater configuration, referred to as the "Plus Zero" option. The Evora and the BMW i8 are the only 2+2 mid-engine coupés on sale. The interior is larger to accommodate taller passengers, such as former Lotus CEO Mike Kimberley and two people of 6'5" (195.6 cm).
The cooled boot behind the engine is large enough to fit a set of golf clubs, although Lotus design head Russell Carr denies that this was intentional. Lotus intends for the Evora to compete in different market sectors, including that of the Porsche 911.
Name
The Evora name keeps the Lotus tradition of model names that begin with an E. The name is derived from the words evolution, vogue and aura. Other names considered were Eagle, Exira and Ethos; Eagle and Ethos were rejected because they would be difficult for Lotus to claim as a trademark.
Specifications
The Evora is equipped with a mid-mounted, transverse, Toyota-sourced 3.5-litre 24-valve 2GR V6 engine. The Evora S uses the same engine but with a supercharger. Both versions are available with either a six-speed manual or six-speed automatic transmission with "Intelligent Precision Shift," manufactured by Aisin. The Evora has a drag coefficient of . It is constructed on a lightweight aluminum tub with an additional front crash structure also made from aluminum, along with a steel rear sub-frame that houses the drivetrain. The chassis was designed to utilize proprietary 6000 Series alloy extrusions, which are bonded with an epoxy based adhesive and riveted together to increase torsional rigidity. The Evora also utilises a forged-aluminum, double-wishbone suspension with Bilstein high-performance gas dampers and Eibach coaxial coil springs. Hydraulically assisted power steering is included for increased maneuverability.
Models
Evora S
In 2010, Lotus unveiled a high-performance variant of the Evora called the Evora S. The "S" in the name stands for "supercharged," but the engine is not intercooled. The car has the same standard design but is more powerful, now rated at and of torque powered by a new supercharger manufactured by Harrop. The car's exhaust was also replaced with a single-tubed exhaust system. The suspension's dampers were recalibrated to suit the vehicle's new suspension characteristics, and the steering also received recalibration.
The car was able to accelerate from 0- in 4.6 seconds, with a top speed of .
Lotus ceased production of the S in 2014 and later replaced it and the standard Evora with a new variant called the Evora 400 in 2015.
The Romanian police have an Evora S in their lineup as of 2012.
Evora 400
The Evora 400 is a new variant that replaces the Evora and the Evora S. The "400" in the name is a reference to the vehicle's horsepower rating. The improved engine output of and of torque is made possible by an intercooled supercharger developed by Edelbrock. The Evora 400 has an all-new body kit design, which helps produce an extra of downforce. The exhaust has a new driver-activated system that allows the driver to increase the roar of the exhaust. The interior was slightly revised, notably with narrower sills for simplified entry and exit, a new dashboard design and a new centre-console design. The wheel set was also different, with forged wheels as a new option. The wing was changed to a split rear wing. The car has a total weight of .
Acceleration from 0+ is at 4.1 seconds, 0.5 seconds faster than that of the S variant. The 400 can attain a top speed of .
Evora Sport 410
At the 2016 Geneva Motor Show, Lotus unveiled the Evora Sport 410, a slightly enhanced version of the 400. The car's 3.5-liter Toyota-derived V6 received a power increase by , for a total of . The torque was also improved to .
The exterior was changed with the addition of a carbon-fibre roof, tailgate and front access panel. The wheels were further lightened and a lithium-ion battery was fitted rather than the traditional lead acid version. Inside, the rear seats were removed and one-piece carbon-fibre bucket seats were fitted. Overall weight was reduced to .
The performance figures were improved with the 0- acceleration time now at 3.9 seconds, and a top speed of . However, if the IPS automatic transmission system is used, top speed is reduced to .
Evora GT430
In 2017, Lotus unveiled the most powerful variant of the Evora and also the fastest street-legal that Lotus has ever produced, the Evora GT430, though only 60 units were planned. The model is part of an entirely new range in the Evora family called the performance range. The car's 3.5-liter Toyota-derived V6 has an increased power output of powered by an Edelbrock supercharger and a titanium exhaust system. The torque figures were also improved to for manual-transmission models and for models with automatic transmission made possible by launch control and fast gear-change ratios. The GT430 is also the lightest Evora and weighs for manual-transmission models and for automatic-transmission models. The cars with automatic transmission weigh more because of the gear box and its cooling system. Top speed also varies for manual and automatic cars because of gearbox differences and the added weight, rated at for automatic cars and for manual cars. Because of the increased torque, the automatic-transmission cars have a slightly shorter 0- acceleration time of 3.6 seconds, compared with 3.7 seconds for manual-transmission cars. The GT430 also generates more downforce (250 kg at 190 mph) than did its previous variants.
The GT430 has a new and aggressive body kit that features a larger carbon-fibre rear wing, larger air intakes, forged aluminum wheels, polycarbonate lights and carbon-fibre bodywork to keep the weight low. The interior is also stripped down to save weight and the rear seats have been removed. The GT430 has carbon-fiber interior components and racing seats. It also features a plaque signifying the car's production number. The creature comforts are retained, with air conditioning included as standard.
Evora GT430 Sport and GT410 Sport
Later in 2017, Lotus unveiled another variant of the Evora GT430 called the Evora GT430 Sport. It features a more aerodynamic body and removes the GT430's rear wing for smoother airflow and reduced drag. This helps increase the top speed to , with the automatic version having a top speed of because of added gearbox weight.
To celebrate its 70th anniversary, Lotus unveiled the new Evora GT410 Sport. Available as a two-seater or 2+2, the GT410 Sport takes the GT430's basic shape and adds new composite front and rear body panels minus some of the 430's higher downforce pieces for a subtler shape. The revised front panel has larger carbon-fibre air ducts that move air around the front wheels more efficiently, cutting turbulence and drag. Deeper front and rear splitters and carbon ducts behind the rear wheels add downforce, which is increased by 211 pounds. Other carbon pieces include the front-access panel, roof panel and rear decklid. The car is powered by the same engine powering the rest of the Evora lineup, rated at and of torque, allowing for a 0-to-60 mph acceleration time of 3.9 seconds with the manual and four seconds with the six-speed automatic. The car weighs , less than the 410.
Evora GT
In June 2019, for the 2020 model year, Lotus introduced the Evora GT for the North American market only. This car uses the same supercharged 3.5-liter V6 like the rest of the lineup but is rated at and for the manual and for the automatic. Cars with the manual transmission feature a standard Torsen rear differential. Regardless of transmission choice, the 0- acceleration time is estimated at 3.8 seconds. The automatic version can reach and the manual's top speed is . The GT uses some of the same aero components as the GT410 Sport, which helps it produce of downforce at maximum speed. This variant of the Evora weighs between and depending on which options are selected. The optional Carbon Pack includes a carbon-fiber roof, rear tailgate, and front access panel which reduces weight by . The optional titanium exhaust reduces weight further by . The manual transmission weighs less than the automatic. The Evora GT was discontinued after the 2021 model year and is set to be replaced by the all-new Lotus Emira in Spring 2022. 6,117 Evora have been produced overall.
Special editions
Evora 414E Hybrid
In 2012, Lotus produced a prototype hybrid Evora, called 414E. Developed as a demonstration project for the UK Government's Technology Strategy Board, the range-extended electric coupe emits 55 g/km and has an electric only driving range of 30 miles. When combined with the 3-cylinder 1.2-litre (1198 cc) petrol engine acting as a generator (as a similar manner to the Chevrolet Volt), the 414E has a range of 300 miles. The 414E formed the basis of the Infiniti Emerg-e concept car.
Evora S Carabinieri
In July 2011, Lotus Cars donated two Evora S models with special equipment to the Carabinieri, the Italian gendarmerie. Lotus also pledged to handle the maintenance of the cars and the training for the drivers.
Evora GTE Road Car
The Evora GTE road version is a variant of the Evora that was built to permit its racing variant to race under GT3 and LM GTE regulations. Only 25 units of this special edition were built. The road car uses the race car's engine and produces , making it the most powerful Lotus ever made. The weight of the car has been lowered drastically to .
Motorsport
LM GTE
During the 2011 Geneva Motor Show, Lotus announced the Evora Enduro GT concept, as a follow up to the Type 124 and GT4 race cars. Lotus is aiming for this car to enter into the LM GTE category by mid-2011, with a Toyota-supplied V8.
Lotus entered two Evoras at the 2011 24 Hours of Le Mans, which were run by the Jetalliance Racing team. Despite overheating issues during practice and qualifying, car No. 65 finished 22nd overall, completing 295 laps, whilst car No. 64 retired after 126 laps. The cars ran highly tuned, naturally aspirated variants of its factory V6 engine, instead of the aforementioned V8.
In 2012, Jetalliance Racing failed to negotiate a deal to run the cars in Europe; instead, Alex Job Racing chose to run a LM GTE in the American Le Mans Series. Alex Job Racing did not get a good outcome from this however, and the car was later replaced by a Ferrari 458 Italia GT2 as the main race car for the team.
Group GT4
Ollie Hancock won the Nürburgring round of the 2010 GT4 European Cup season. A team including Johnny Mowlem, Stefano D'Aste and Gianni Giudici finished on the podium in the 2011 Dubai 24 Hour endurance race.
In 2011, Stefano D'Aste was the first Italian driver after Mario Andretti to win on Circuit Park Zandvoort with an official Lotus car and the car was the Evora GT4. D'Aste was in first position of the GT4 European Series till the last race but due to a problem that occurred to the engine he got a third position in the series, which was still good, considering that it was the first year that the official Lotus Evora GT4 took part to a full season competing with cars like the BMW M3, Porsche 911, Aston Martin Vantage GT4, and the Chevrolet Camaro. The Evora proved capable of keeping up with these cars.
In 2012, Richard Adams, David Green and Martin Byford won the Britcar MSA British Endurance Championship in a Lotus Evora GT4.
GT300
Cars Tokai has run a Lotus Evora since 2015 in the GT300 class of Super GT, with backing from Lotus Cars Japan. Engineered by Mooncraft, the Evora GT300 MC is built to the series' "Mother Chassis" regulations, and as such, is a silhouette racing car sharing almost no parts with its production counterpart. As with all other Mother Chassis cars, it is built on a Dome chassis and powered by a Nissan VK45DE naturally aspirated V8. The Evora took its maiden victory at Fuji Speedway in 2020.
Reception
The Evora received several accolades at its launch from the British motoring press, including: Britain's Best Driver's Car 2009 from Autocar and Car of the Year 2009, from Evo.
The car was reviewed by Jeremy Clarkson on the television show Top Gear. Overall his review was positive: he was very happy with the performance, handling and comfort. He was extremely impressed with the ride comfort even after driving it into a field saying "Here, the suspension is taking the knocks, not me." and described the car as "the only car I've ever driven, ever, which is a killer attack dog and an old sofa". However, he considered the rear seats to have not enough legroom, the interior felt tinny and the satellite navigation was sub-optimal.
Road & Track put the Evora in #2 place in their annual "Performance Car of the Year" contest in 2017, noting the Evora is "fully deserving of the ACBC badge on its nose, this brave and charming two-plus-two is perhaps the finest over-the-road enthusiast vehicle available for sale at any price."
References
External links
SELOC TechWiki – Evora
Anthology of Videos detailing the Evora model development and evolution
2+2 coupés
Evora
Sports cars
Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars introduced in 2008
Cars introduced in 2009
The Bamboo Saucer is a independently made 1968 Cold War science fiction film drama about competing American and Russian teams that discover a flying saucer in Communist China. The film was re-released in 1969 under the title Collision Course with an edited down runtime of 90 minutes.
This was the final film for both actors Dan Duryea and Nan Leslie.
Plot
Test pilot Fred Norwood is flying the experimental X-109 jet aircraft accompanied by a chase plane. During the flight testing, Norwood finds himself pursued by a flying saucer and has to engage in a series of tricky aerobatics to protect his aircraft.
Once on the ground, Norwood is informed that the radar tracking his jet picked up no other aircraft near him except the chase plane. Though Norwood insists on what he saw, his superiors, who were monitoring his vital signs, think he has had a series of hallucinations and order him off the project. Blanchard, the USAF pilot of the chase plane, exits a room in an unusually frightened and nervous state; he parrots words about not seeing another aircraft on the flight and that the reported event was merely an aerial inversion. When Blanchard falters with his explanation, he is again prompted what to say by the panel members in the room.
Now angered and determined, Norwood decides to prove what he saw by patrolling the area in a North American P-51 Mustang equipped with laser radar until he reaches the point of exhaustion. As Norwood sleeps, his best friend, Joe Vetry, a fellow pilot who is married to Norwood's sister Dorothy, takes off in the Mustang when radar picks up an unidentified flying object. Norwood and Dorothy view Joe's aircraft vanish off the radar screen; later Federal Aviation Administration crash investigators tell Norwood that his friend's Mustang disintegrated in midair in a manner similar to the accounts of the Mantell UFO incident.
Norwood finds himself summoned to Washington D.C. Hank Peters, a member of an influential, unnamed agency of the United States Government, not only believes his account but shows him a sketch that Norwood identifies as the same object that buzzed his test aircraft. Peters tells Norwood that the sketch was provided from intelligence sources based in Red China. Due to Norwood's familiarity with a variety of aircraft, he is asked to accompany Peters and two scientists who will be parachuted into Red China. Peters informs him that there are reliable sources that say two humanoid aliens in the saucer later died, likely from exposure to Earth bacteria; due to rapid deterioration, their bodies were cremated.
At the Chinese drop zone, they are met by American agent Sam Archibald who leads them to the saucer now hidden inside the ruins of a Catholic church. Due to the Communists having destroyed the church, the locals assist the Americans in any way possible. On traveling to their destination while evading units of the People's Liberation Army, they run across a party of Russian scientists led by their own version of Agent Peters. The two parties decide to cooperate in investigating the hidden saucer.
After a tense altercation, the Americans and one of the Russian scientists board the saucer, activate it, and fly out of Chinese airspace, while under fire from enemy soldiers. A pre-programmed course instantly takes control and flies them away from Earth past the Moon, past Mars, and toward Saturn. Unable to return unless they work together to control the alien UFO, they are finally successful and able to re-enter Earth's atmosphere (a quote from President John F. Kennedy about mutual human cooperation in space flashes on screen).
Production
Jerry Fairbanks was a producer and sometimes director of a variety of cinematic short subjects series such as Strange as It Seems and Popular Science. A 1954 film trade article stated that Fairbanks was preparing his first theatrical motion picture, titled Project Saucer that was to be filmed in widescreen and color. A 1964 article stated that Fairbanks was moving production of his film Operation Blue Book from a runaway production in Spain to be filmed in the USA.<ref>p. 3 Fairbanks Brings Back Runaway From Spain Official Bulletin of the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees and Moving Picture Machine Operators of the United States and Canada, Issues 440-457 International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees and Moving Picture Machine Operators of the United States and Canada IATSE, 1964 - Theaters</ref>
Fairbanks persevered and had a collaborator, Frank Telford, rewrite the screenplay by Alford "Rip" Van Ronkel and special effects man John P. Fulton with Telford directing the film in 1966. Fairbanks contacted the office of the United States Secretary of Defense about his screenplay. In a April 12, 1966 reply, the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense informed Fairbanks that they had a "negative reaction" to Project Saucer. They recommended that the screenplay delete any reference to the CIA, saying it would not be appropriate to place one of their operatives in the fictionalized situation. Furthermore, the flying saucer investigation was not factually set up; the Air Force's General was an unnecessarily uncomplimentary character and would not act as he does in the screenplay; it was also not clear just what part the Air Force played in the aircraft testing; any one of the aircraft manufacturers could clarify the film's opening sequence; finally, the Air Force should not be utilized or included in the air drop inside Chinese airspace
Fairbanks incorporated the changes in the finished screenplay. Co-screenwriter, associate producer, and special effects expert John P. Fulton died during filming. The film was retitled The Bamboo Saucer, though it had no relation to the 1967 published science fiction novel The Flight of the Bamboo Saucer. The experimental X-109 aircraft was actually Air Force stock footage of a Lockheed F-104 Starfighter. The film was shot in 1966p. 64 Films and Filming, Volume 13 Hansom Books, 1966 by cinematographer Hal Mohr at Lone Pine, California, where a standing Western Street set was turned into a Chinese village for the production.
Cast
Dan Duryea as Hank Peters
John Ericson as Norwood
Lois Nettleton as Anna Karachev
Robert Hastings as Garson (as Bob Hastings)
Vincent Beck as Zagorsky
Bernard Fox as Ephram
Robert Dane as Miller
Rico Cattani as Dubovsky
James Hong as Sam Archibald
Bartlett Robinson as Rhodes
Nick Katurich as Gadyakoff
William Mims as Joe Vetry (as Bill Mims)
Nan Leslie as Dorothy Vetry
Andy Romano as Blanchard
Soundtrack
Yablochkocomposed by Reinhold Glière
Home mediaThe Bamboo Saucer was released on DVD and Blu-ray in April 2014 by Olive Films, formatted in the anamorphic widescreen 1.78:1 aspect ratio. It is also available for viewing at YouTube.
See also
List of American films of 1968
The 1950 independently made Cold War science fiction film The Flying Saucer''
References
External links
1968 films
American science fiction films
Cold War films
Films set in China
1960s science fiction films
Cold War spy films
American spy films
UFO-related films
Films shot in California
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
The Tanjung Malim railway station is a Malaysian train station stationed at the north eastern side of and named after the town of Tanjung Malim, Perak. The station provides both Komuter and ETS services.
The station was first constructed in 1900 and at the time, served as the halt for the intercity trains. As part of the Rawang-Ipoh double tracking and electrification project, it was rebuilt in 2007 and reopened two years later, on 1 June 2009, as the final stop in the Rawang-Tanjung Malim shuttle service (formerly known as the Rawang-Kuala Kubu Bharu shuttle service). The service has since 2016 been merged with the Port Klang Line, making Tanjung Malim the northern terminus of the line.
The station, unlike the four other stations along the shuttle route, is situated along three railways with three platforms. Its only similarity with the other stations on the shuttle route is that it also contains facilities normally reserved for medium-to-large stations along three or more lines. In addition to ticketing facilities and basic amenities, the station contains spaces for administrative occupants, as well as a kiosk and an additional foot bridge (fused with a foot bridge exclusively for Komuter users) for pedestrians that simply intend to cross the railway lines. The station also includes low-tech support for disabled passengers. The station exits northeast into a branch road that leads west into the town centre of Tanjung Malim.
The Tanjung Malim station's one side platform and one island platform are designated as Platform 1 (adjoining the main station building at the west, intended for northbound trains), Platform 2 (at the east, intended for southbound trains), and Platform 3.
Location and locality
It is located in Tanjung Malim town in Muallim District, Perak, Malaysia. This station is very close to Universiti Pendidikan Sultan Idris old campus and is in reasonably near distance to its new campus in Proton City, which also locates PROTON production plant there. Sultan Azlan Shah Polytechnic also is near to the area.
The station also serves Behrang (as Behrang station don't serve many services hence it became their main station) and bordering towns of Hulu Selangor like Hulu Bernam town and Kalumpang.
Train services
ETS Train No. EG9022/EG9032: KL Sentral–Ipoh
ETS Train No. ES9051/EG9031: Ipoh–KL Sentral
ETS Train No. EG9420/EG9425: Padang Besar–Gemas
Port Klang Line services
References
External links
Tanjung Malim Railway Station
KTM ETS railway stations
Muallim District
Railway stations in Perak
Rapid transit stations in Perak
Rawang-Seremban Line
Railway stations opened in 1900
Oregon Route 103 is a highway in the U.S. state of Oregon that runs between Jewell Junction and Jewell. It is also known as the Fishhawk Falls Highway No. 103 (see Oregon highways and routes), named after nearby Fishhawk Falls.
Route description
The southern terminus of Oregon Route 103 is at a junction with U.S. Route 26 at Jewell Junction near Mishawaka and Elsie. OR 103 continues north, passing through Pope Corner, Vinemaple, and Tideport, and ending at a junction with Oregon Route 202 in Jewell.
History
The Fishhawk Falls Highway No. 103 was established as a secondary highway on November 17, 1941. On September 19, 2002, Oregon Route 103 was assigned to the Fishhawk Falls Highway.
Major intersections
Gallery
References
External links
103
Transportation in Clatsop County, Oregon
Saundersfoot (; Old Welsh: Llanussyllt) is a large village and community (and former electoral ward) in Pembrokeshire, Wales. It is near Tenby, both being holiday destinations. Saundersfoot lies in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park and on the Pembrokeshire Coast Path. The village population was 3,361 in 2011. while the community had a population of 2,628.
History
Saundersfoot was known in medieval Wales as Llanussyllt, and after the Norman conquest as St Issels (sometimes Issells), both after the parish church dedicated to the Welsh saint Issel. It appeared as Sct. Tissels on a 1578 parish map of Pembrokeshire. Its bishop or abbot was considered one of the seven principal clerics of Dyfed under medieval Welsh law. It was a substantial parish in 1833 with 1,226 inhabitants. John Marius Wilson described the village and parish as St Issells in his 1870–72 Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales. The church lies in a dell to the north of Saundersfoot and is a grade II* listed building.
Harbour
Permission to build the harbour was granted by Parliament in 1829 to the Saundersfoot Railway and Harbour Company for the export of anthracite coal from the many mines in the area, although coal was exported from the beach for centuries before this. The village grew up to serve the port which by 1837 had five jetties handling coal and iron ore and subsequently pig iron and firebricks from local sources. The course of the tramway from Bonville's Court mine bisects the village and ends at the jetty. The tramway from Stepaside forms the sea front. The industry finally faded away in the early years of the twentieth century, so that today, the harbour accommodates private moorings, pleasure boats for seasonal tourism, and small fishing charters.
Governance
At the local level, councillors are elected to Saundersfoot Community Council to oversee local issues, such as planning applications and maintenance of the local public buildings and cemetery.
Until 2022 the boundaries of the Saundersfoot community were coterminous with a Saundersfoot electoral ward, electing one county councillor to Pembrokeshire County Council. Councillor Rosemary Hayes MBE was the ward's representative on South Pembrokeshire District Council and Pembrokeshire County Council for 25 years, before losing to Phil Baker at the May 2008 elections.
Following the recommendations of a boundary review by the Local Government Boundary Commission for Wales, effective from the 2022 local elections, the Saundersfoot ward was split into North and South. The north part was merged with the neighbouring community of Amroth to create a new ward of 'Amroth and Saundersfoot North'. The south part became a new county ward of 'Saundersfoot South'. Both wards elect a councillor to the county council.
Railway
Saundersfoot railway station is a mile from the village centre off the B4316 road. Trains call every two hours, westwards to and eastwards to , and .
Saundersfoot swim
Saundersfoot holds its New Year's Day swim every year which is sponsored by local businesses. More than 1,500 people took part in 2016. Due to COVID-19, the 2021 event was cancelled.
References
External links
Saundersfoot Harbour and the Wales International Coastal Centre
Carmarthen Bay
Former electoral wards of Pembrokeshire
Coast of Pembrokeshire
Communities in Pembrokeshire
Villages in Pembrokeshire
Seaside resorts in Wales
LaToyia Figueroa (January 26, 1981 – August 2005) was an American woman of African-American and Hispanic descent who was murdered in 2005. Figueroa, who was five months pregnant at the time, was reported missing on July 18, 2005 after she failed to show up to work. She was later found strangled to death after being featured on America's Most Wanted.
Police discovered Figueroa's remains in a grassy, partially wooded lot in Chester, Pennsylvania, located 13 miles south of Philadelphia. They arrested Stephen Poaches, the father of her unborn child, on August 20, more than a month after she was reported missing. On October 17, 2006, Poaches was convicted of two counts of first-degree murder for the deaths of Figueroa and her unborn child.
The disappearance and murder of Figueroa sparked controversy about media coverage because cable news channels, such as CNN, MSNBC, and Fox News Channel, neglected to cover her story while focusing most of their attention on the case of Natalee Holloway, a Caucasian teen missing on the island of Aruba. Some observers protested that Figueroa's case was similar to the Laci Peterson case (which also covered the same timespan) and thus deserved greater attention, implying that race was a factor in the lack of coverage.
Disappearance
On July 18, 2005, 24 years old and five months pregnant, LaToyia went to a prenatal checkup with the father of her unborn child, 25 year old Stephen Poaches. Afterward they went to his apartment. Poaches later stated that LaToyia had left his home "peaceably" around 5pm however, LaToyia did not pick up her 7-year-old daughter that evening nor did she show up for her shift at the restaurant where she worked.
After she was reported missing, Poaches told police that he knew nothing about LaToyia's disappearance and did not participate in any search efforts. Poaches then called a radio station to defend himself against suspicion.
Investigation
In the weeks following her disappearance, detectives searched Poaches's home and car and found no evidence of a crime. Police also did not find any evidence of credit card use or cellphone activity by Latoyia and thus she was categorized by police officials as a missing person. Her father, Melvin Figueroa organized on his own, search teams throughout the city for weeks following her disappearance. As relatives and friends papered the city with flyers, a reward for information reached $100,000 which included donations from the restaurant where she worked and Philadelphia rapper, Beanie Sigel . It was reported that police and the media took almost two weeks to focus any meaningful attention to her case prior to TV host Nancy Grace began to do nationally televised reporting on her disappearance.
Well over a month after her disappearance, police detectives received a tip from an acquaintance of Poaches stating that he had contacted them the evening prior asking to borrow a truck and inquiring about a body bag. Police then followed Poaches from his home to a grassy, partially wooded lot in Chester, 13 miles outside of Philadelphia. He was wearing a bulletproof vest and carrying a gun. There police discovered LaToyia's remains. Poaches was arrested and a judge ruled that prosecutors had enough evidence to try him on 2 counts of 1st degree murder for Latoyia and their unborn child. Police stated that Poaches had strangled Latoyia hours after returning from the pre-natal appointment.
As of 2010 Stephen Poaches, Pennsylvania Department of Corrections #GV2311, is located in the State Correctional Institution – Houtzdale.
Response
Figueroa's family stated that the lack of media coverage of her disappearance only brought more tragedy to an already troubled search. Figueroa's mother, Ann Taylor, was murdered when LaToyia was a toddler. Figueroa had a seven-year-old daughter. Joseph Taylor, Figueroa's uncle and family spokesman, has actively criticized the media. America's Most Wanted and the Philadelphia Citizen Crime Commission teamed up with police to aid in the search. A $100,000 reward was funded by rap stars Beanie Sigel (while in a prison) and Damon Dash, Beneficial Bank, T.G.I. Fridays, local philanthropists Joe Mammanaand, Kal Rudman, and Internet bloggers to help the family in the search for LaToyia.
Media coverage controversy
The disappearance of Figueroa has spawned controversy about media coverage of missing people and how cases get national attention, with the terms "Missing White Women Syndrome." PBS journalist Gwen Ifill referred to the phenomenon as "The Missing White Woman Syndrome" at the Unity Convention of Journalists in 2004 This phrase was invoked by Professor of American Studies Sheri L. Parks on March 13, 2006 during an interview with American news reporter, Anderson Cooper to describe a phenomenon characterized by critics as a short and cynical equation: Pretty, white damsels in distress draw viewers; missing women who are black, Latino, Asian, old, fat, or ugly do not. Critics accused major news outlets of ignoring Figueroa's disappearance to focus on cases involving young, usually attractive, white women like Laci Peterson who was also pregnant when she was reported missing.
Several internet bloggers began writing about the inadequate coverage cable news networks gave to missing people of color and pressured them to give equal coverage of non-white young American women like Natalee Holloway and Jennifer Wilbanks; they succeeded in gaining attention and Figueroa's case received coverage by major news outlets such as CNN, MSNBC, and Fox News Channel.
Conservative blogger Michelle Malkin, referred to this phenomenon as "Pretty Girl Syndrome" and said, "I'm embarrassed that there's so much air time absorbed by the latest missing-girl story." The Figueroa case bears a similarity to the case of Laci Peterson, who was found dead and whose husband, Scott, was found guilty of her murder. The Peterson case was covered heavily throughout 2004 and led to public consensus that Scott Peterson was guilty of the murder.
References
External links
CNN coverage of Latoyia
USA Today Coverage of LaToyia
Website critical of media coverage of missing people
PoliticsPhilly.com Reports
2005 murders in the United States
American people of Puerto Rican descent
People from Philadelphia
People murdered in Pennsylvania
Murdered African-American people
Deaths by strangulation in the United States
2005 in Pennsylvania
La Société du Spectacle (Society of the Spectacle) is a black-and-white 1974 film by the Situationist Guy Debord, based on his 1967 book of the same name. It was Debord's first feature-length film. It uses found footage and détournement in a radical Marxist critique of mass marketing and its role in the alienation of modern society.
Film content
The 88 minute film took a year to make and incorporates an apparent jumble of footage from feature films juxtaposed with still photographs, industrial films, early 1970s glossy 'lifestyle' TV ads, and news footage of unrest in the streets. The feature films include The Battleship Potemkin, October, Chapaev, The New Babylon, The Shanghai Gesture, For Whom the Bell Tolls, Rio Grande, They Died with Their Boots On, Johnny Guitar, and Mr. Arkadin, as well as other Soviet films.
Throughout the film, there are intertitles consisting of quotations from The Society of the Spectacle, along with Debord (in voice-over) reading texts from Marx, Machiavelli, the 1968 Occupation Committee of the Sorbonne, Tocqueville, Émile Pouget, and Sergey Solovyov and others. Without citations, these quotes are hard to decipher, especially with the conflicting subtitles (which exist even in the French version): but that is part of Debord's goal to "problematize reception" (Greil and Sanborn) and force the viewer to be active. In addition, the words of some of the authors are détourned through deliberate misquoting.
Footage of historical events is included, such as the murder of Lee Harvey Oswald (the assassin of U.S. President John F. Kennedy in 1963), the Spanish Civil War of 1936-1939, the 1956 Hungarian Revolution and the Paris riots in May 1968, along with clips of people such as Mao Zedong, Fidel Castro, Richard Nixon and the Spanish anarchist Durruti.
In 1984, Debord withdrew his films from circulation because of the negative press and the assassination of his friend and patron Gerard Lebovici. Since Debord's suicide in 1994, Debord's wife Alice Becker-Ho has been promoting Debord's film. A DVD box set titled Guy Debord: Oeuvres cinématographiques complètes was released in 2005 and contains Debord's seven films.
Music
The piece used in the film is Les Delices de la Solitude, Op. 20 No. 6 - Sonata in D Major : I. Allegro Moderato, by Michel Corrette.
References
Sources
Marcus, Greil and Sanborn, "On the films of Guy Debord", Keith; Feature; Artforum; February 2006
Bracken, Len; Guy Debord: Revolutionary; Feral House; 1997; California
Knabb, Ken; Guy Debord's Complete Cinematic Works; AK Press; 1978; Canada
Marshall, Peter; Demanding the Impossible: A History of Anarchism; Fontana Press; 1992; London
Lasn, Kalle; Culture Jam: How to Reverse America's Suicidal Consumer Binge - And Why We Must; Quill; 1999; New York
External links
Observations on the English translation of Guy Debord's Oeuvres Cinématographiques Completes
1973 films
French films
Situationist International
Anti-modernist films
Documentary films about the media
Collage film
The 1829 New Hampshire gubernatorial election was held on March 10, 1829.
Incumbent National Republican Governor John Bell was defeated by Democratic nominee Benjamin Pierce in a re-match of the previous year's election.
General election
Candidates
John Bell, National Republican, incumbent Governor
Benjamin Pierce, Democratic, former Governor
Results
Notes
References
1829
New Hampshire
Gubernatorial
Anthony Florian Madinger Willich (died February 1804) was a German medical writer.
He specialized in diet, nutrition and other aspects of personal medicine.
Life
He was born at Rössel, Ermland, East Prussia (now Reszel, Kętrzyn County, Warmia, Poland). He lived in London for a period of time and was admitted as a Freemason in 1800 while living in Paddington, London. He died in 1804 in Kharkiv.
Career
He was a contemporary of Johann Christoph Adelung, with whom he frequently collaborated.
He is most famous for being the author of the Domestic Encyclopedia.
Bibliography
Some of his books and papers are:
Elements of the critical philosophy
Lectures on Diet and Regimen
Three Philological Essays
The Domestic Encyclopaedia
References
External links
German medical writers
1804 deaths
Year of birth missing
19th-century German non-fiction writers
German male non-fiction writers
19th-century German male writers
German Freemasons
People from Kętrzyn County
The 2010 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Panthers were members of the Big East Conference. They were led by the sixth-year head coach Dave Wannstedt and played their home games at Heinz Field. 2010 marked the university's 121st season overall. They finished the season 8–5, 5–2 in Big East play to be champions of the Big East with Connecticut and West Virginia. However, due to losses to both schools, Pitt did not earn the conference's bid to a Bowl Championship Series (BCS) game. They were invited to the BBVA Compass Bowl where they defeated Kentucky, 27–10. Wannstedt was forced to resign on December 7, 2010.
Previous season
The Panthers finished the 2009 season with an overall record of 10–3, 5–2 in Big East Conference play. Pitt won the Meineke Car Care Bowl 19–17 against North Carolina for its eleventh bowl game victory.
Preseason
Preseason player honors
Six Panthers have been named to a combined total of 14 preseason award watch lists:
Senior defensive end Greg Romeus has been named to the Lombardi Award (down linemen), Chuck Bednarik Award (defensive player), Ted Hendricks Award (defensive end), Lott Trophy (defensive player of the year) and Bronko Nagurski Trophy (top defensive player) watch lists.
Senior offensive tackle Jason Pinkston was named to the Lombardi Award (down linemen) and Outland Trophy (interior linemen) watch lists.
Senior safety Dom DeCicco has been named to the Jim Thorpe Award (defensive back) watch list.
Senior kicker Dan Hutchins was named to the Lou Groza Award (top placekicker) watch list.
Junior receiver Jon Baldwin was named to the Maxwell Award (outstanding collegiate football player) and Biletnikoff Award (wide receiver) watch lists.
Sophomore running back Dion Lewis has been named to the Maxwell Award (outstanding collegiate football player), Walter Camp Player of the Year Award and Doak Walker Award (top running back) watch lists.
Preseason Big East Media Poll
On August 3, 2010, representatives of the media serving the eight Big East football markets voted Pitt as the favorite to win the 2010 Big East Football Conference championship. The Panthers received 22 of 24 possible first-place votes, and 2 second-place votes.
Schedule
The Panthers schedule was released February 10, 2010.
Coaching staff
Team players drafted into the NFL
Notable Undrafted Players:
Henry Hynoski: regarded as the #1 Fullback. He signed with the Giants shortly after the 2011 NFL lockout ended. Started all 16 games and in the playoffs during his rookie season, which the Giants would go on to win the Super Bowl.
Rankings
The Panthers debuted at #15 in the preseason Coaches' Poll. and in the preseason Associated Press (AP) Poll.
Sports Illustrated ranked Pitt #16 in the annual College Football Preview issue on August 16, 2010.
Rivals.com listed Pitt at #14 in their preseason picks on August 20, 2010.
CBSSports.com ranked Pitt #13 in the preseason rankings of all 120 FBS teams on August 30, 2010.
Game summaries
Utah
Sophomore Tino Sunseri made his first career start at quarterback. Pitt trailed 24–13 halfway through the fourth quarter. With 7:11 left, Sunseri completed a 44-yard touchdown pass to Jon Baldwin, and a two-point conversion made it 24–21. Dan Hutchins kicked a 30-yard field goal to tie the game and end regulation. In overtime, Utah won the toss and elected to play defense. On the first play of overtime, Sunseri was intercepted by Utah freshman Brian Blechen. A few plays later Joe Phillips made a 21-yard field goal to give the Utes the 27–24 victory.
Sunseri finished 16 of 28 with 184 yards, Dion Lewis carried 25 times for 75 yards and one touchdown, and Baldwin led receivers with four receptions for 71 yards and a touchdown.
New Hampshire
Pitt's first home game of the season was against the New Hampshire Wildcats, who at the time of the game were ranked as the #6 team in Division I FCS (I-AA). The Wildcats were able to contain Dion Lewis, who finished the game with 27 yards on 10 carries. However, sophomore Ray Graham had 9 carries for 116 yards and two touchdowns. Tino Sunseri improved in his second career start, completing 24 of 34 passes for 275 yards, 2 touchdowns, and 1 interception. The receiving touchdowns went to Cameron Saddler for 2 yards and Jon Baldwin for 56; Baldwin led receivers with 6 for 100 yards. Defensive end Greg Romeus sat out his second consecutive game due to injury, in hopes of returning against the Miami Hurricanes on September 23. However, Romeus underwent back surgery to relieve a herniated disc and will miss up to 6 weeks. Pitt improved its record against FCS teams to 9–0.
Miami
Miami and Pittsburgh last met in 2003 at Pittsburgh in a game won by Miami 28–14. Pittsburgh is 9–21–1 all time against Miami.
Florida International
Notre Dame
Syracuse
Rutgers
Louisville
Connecticut
The Panthers lost this tight conference contest to the Connecticut Huskies 30–28. After UConn's Zach Frazer threw an interception on the first play of the game, the Panthers responded with a 4-yard touchdown run by Dion Lewis. UConn scored on the ensuing drive on a 36-yard pass from Frazer to Kashif Moore to tie the game at 7. Dave Teggart added 2 field goals to give Connecticut a 13–7 lead in the third quarter.
Later in the third quarter, the Panthers were able to get their offense going when Tino Sunseri completed a 42-yard pass to Jon Baldwin. The Panthers scored on the drive with a one-yard run from Lewis. After a Connecticut punt, Pitt extended its lead to 21–13 on a Ray Graham touchdown run. On the ensuing kickoff, UConn's Nick Williams returned the kick 95 yards for a touchdown to make the score 21–20 in favor of the Panthers at the end of the third quarter.
After trading punts to begin the fourth quarter, Connecticut took a 23–21 lead on a 25-yard field goal from Teggart. Then UConn's Robbie Frey recovered a Graham fumble on the following kick-off for UConn. Two plays later, Frazer threw a 14-yard touchdown pass to Isiah Moore to extend the Connecticut lead to 30–21. The Panthers scored on their next possession when they went 70 yards in only 1 minute and 50 seconds on a 20-yard touchdown catch by Baldwin. UConn got the ball back at their ten-yard line with 4:29 left in the game and a 2-point lead. With 2:50 left in the game, and the ball on their own 19-yard line, Connecticut faced a fourth down with one yard to gain. Instead of punting the ball back to the Panthers, they handed the ball to Todman, who gained 4 yards and the first down. If UConn had failed to get the first down, the Panthers would have been given the ball within range to kick a go-ahead field goal. Todman gained 41 yards on the final drive, and UConn ran the remaining time off the clock to give the Panthers their first conference loss of the season.
South Florida
West Virginia
In the 103rd edition of the Backyard Brawl, West Virginia defeated the Panthers 35–10 at Heinz Field. The Panthers controlled their own destiny coming into the game, and likely needed to win their last two games to claim the Big East title and BCS bowl berth outright, but West Virginia would defeat Pitt for the second year in a row, giving Pitt a shot at at least a share of the Big East title with a win in their final game of the season against Cincinnati.
Cincinnati
In the 10th edition of the River City Rivalry, the Panthers defeated the Cincinnati Bearcats 28–10 at Nippert Stadium. The Panthers were led by sophomore running back Dion Lewis who rushed for a career-high 261 yards against Cincinnati, 6th most in a single game in Pitt history, and 4 touchdowns. With their win over Cincinnati, Pitt won a share of the Big East title along with West Virginia and Connecticut. This title would be Pitt's second and last shared title in the Big East (they never won a Big East Title outright). The Panthers would go on to play in the BBVA Compass Bowl with UConn representing the Big East in its BCS bowl due to UConn's wins over the two other Big East co-champions Pitt and West Virginia. This was also the last game for coach Dave Wannstedt who resigned December 7, 2010.
BBVA Compass Bowl
Post-season
On December 7, 2010, Wannstedt resigned as head coach, reportedly under pressure following a disappointing 7–5 regular season and having failed to advance to a BCS bowl during his tenure. Wannstedt accepted a position as special assistant to the athletic director at the university.
Following this, Michael Haywood, the former coach of the Miami University Redhawks, was hired as Pitt's new head coach on December 16, 2010. Haywood was arrested on December 31, 2010, on a charge of domestic battery, which was later upgraded to a felony. Pitt chancellor Mark Nordenberg announced Haywood's firing the next day, on January 1, 2011.
Wannstedt announced on January 3 that he would not coach the bowl game and defensive coordinator Phil Bennett would take over the team on an interim basis for the BBVA Compass Bowl against Kentucky, which Pitt won 27–10.
Controversy also arose when an investigation by Sports Illustrated revealed that the university's 2010 football team had 22 players with criminal records, the most by any team ranked in the magazine's pre-season top 25 rankings. Athletic Director Steve Pederson called the number of incidents "totally unacceptable", stating that the athletic department was "addressing the situation" including having already instituted more intense "background research". Ousted coach Dave Wannstedt defended his past "body of work" but acknowledged "an unfortunate stretch of incidents" the previous summer stating that "every player and each incident was evaluated on an individual basis" and that "we did our due diligence to make sure that we treated each player fair". The Sports Illustrated report received criticism for its lack of context, methodology, and sensationalism.
References
Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh Panthers football seasons
Big East Conference football champion seasons
Birmingham Bowl champion seasons
Pittsburgh Panthers football
Derebucak Çamlık Caves () are a group of several caves located in Konya Province, central Turkey. They are registered together a natural monument of the country.
Derebucak Çamlık Caves are a group of 13 caves in total located at Çamlık town of Derebucak district in Konya Province. The caves are registered a natural monument in 2013. The area of the caves covers .
References
Caves of Turkey
Natural monuments of Turkey
Landforms of Konya Province
Derebucak District
Protected areas established in 2013
2013 establishments in Turkey
There are 281 properties and historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Worcester, Massachusetts. Of these, 81 are west of I-190 and the north-south section of I-290 and south of Massachusetts Route 122, and are listed below. One listing, the Blackstone Canal Historic District, overlaps into other parts of the city.
The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in an online map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".
Current listings
|}
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in northwestern Worcester, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in eastern Worcester, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Massachusetts
References
History of Worcester, Massachusetts
NRHP Southwest
South
Leo Poon (潘烈文) (also known as Leo L.M. Poon, Poon LL, Poon LLM, Poon LM, Lit-Man Poon, Poon L) is the Head of the Division of Public Health Laboratory Science of the University of Hong Kong. In July 2020, Professor Malik Peiris stepped down from the position of Co-Director of the joint research pole between Hong Kong University and the Pasteur Institute (HKU-Pasteur), and Professor Leo Poon succeeded to this crucial WHO recognized Centre. He is one of the worlds' leading scientists investigating the emergence of viral diseases transferring from animals to humans, such as new strains of Influenza viruses and coronaviruses. Along with colleagues in his Division, he has made major contributions to the understanding of disease causes, diagnostic testing, and epidemiological control of these pandemic viral diseases.
Personal life
Leo Poon was born in the then British colony of Hong Kong and is a citizen of the Special Administration Region of Hong Kong in China, where he has lived continuously, apart from the three years of post graduate study in Oxford in England.
Academic career
Leo Poon took his BSc from the Hong Kong Baptist University, followed by the MPhil at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Then he proceeded to the University of Oxford in the UK, at the Sir William Dunn School of Pathology, where he completed his doctorate thesis during 1996 to 1999, and was awarded the DPhil degree. He has been awarded the Fellowship of the UK Faculty of Public Health , FFPH. He has over 400 published research items, and over 60 patents, mainly in the field of clinical virology of Influenza virus and Coronaviruses. He is an editor of the Oxford Academic Journals publication, Virus Evolution. Malik Peiris, an internationally renowned virologist, is an influential mentor, colleague and collaborator in Leo Poon's academic and scientific career.
Coronaviruses
Leo Poon, along with his colleague Malik Peiris, published a definitive research publication on the Coronavirus 2019 virus in the Journal Nature Medicine. The team also first published the WHO technical protocol for the identification of the virus. At the onset of the first major outbreak in 2003 of epidemic Coronavirus, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), the Hong Kong team of virologists published a landmark article in the same Journal. In the ensuing period, they have published numerous contributions to basic virological understanding of coronaviruses, to clinical and laboratory diagnosis, to public health and epidemiology and have listed many patents.
Influenza viruses
Leo Poon studies the replication and transmission of strains of emerging Influenza viruses, and has also developed molecular tests for their laboratory diagnosis. These have included epidemic avian influenzas such as H5N1, pandemic H1N1/2009 and H7N9. He made an active contribution to demonstrate the reassortment of the pandemic H1N1 virus in pigs. He currently focuses on studying the basic molecular biology, epidemiology and vaccinology of influenza viruses.
International panels and committees
Leo Poon is a participant in international scientific and administrative committees and panels:
International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses Coronaviruses Study Group
The WHO Expert Group on Influenza Molecular Diagnistics Methods
Books
Detection of SARS Coronaviruses (2011), Malik Peiris and Leo Poon, Springer Verlag. DOI: 10.1007/978-1-60761-817-1_20
In popular media
Leo Poon and his pioneering contribution to the study of Influenza and Coronaviruses was featured in the Hong Kong publication of the magazine Time Out in February 2017.
CNN Health ran an extended broadcast on Coronavirus19 on 18 February which featured the work of Leo Poon.
References
Living people
Hong Kong scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lesotho first participated at the Olympic Games in 1972 and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then, except when they boycotted the 1976 Summer Olympics along with most other African nations. Lesotho has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
To date, no athlete from Lesotho has ever won an Olympic medal.
The National Olympic Committee for Lesotho was created in 1971 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1972.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
Flag bearers
This is a list of flag bearers who have represented Lesotho at the Olympics.
See also
:Category:Olympic competitors for Lesotho
Lesotho at the Paralympics
External links
References
Olympics
Bundi is a rural locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Bundi had a population of 38 people.
Geography
There are much coal seam gas bores in the southern part of the locality.
History
In the , Bundi had a population of 38 people.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Pekka Eerik Juhani Sarmanto (born February 15, 1945 in Helsinki) is a Finnish jazz bassist. Heikki Sarmanto is Pekka's brother.
Pekka Sarmanto first studied classical violin at the Sibelius Academy from 1958 to 1964 before he switched to upright bass. He played dance music at first, but was soon invited to appearances in jazz clubs by bandleaders like Eero Koivistoinen and Esa Pethman.
In 1967 Sarmanto joined the house band of Down Beat Club where he played with musicians like Ben Webster and Dexter Gordon. In 1975 Sarmanto founded the UMO (abbreviation of "Uuden Musiikin Orkesteri", New Music Orchestra). With UMO, Sarmanto accompanied many internationally important jazz musicians who were visiting Finland. Sarmanto met with Charles Mingus (in Belgrade), Gil Evans, Dizzy Gillespie, Edward Vesala and Sonny Rollins.
Sarmanto got Georgie Award (Yrjö-palkinto) of the Finnish Jazz Federation in 1978 . In 1982 he worked on album To a Finland Station (Pablo, 1983) with Dizzy Gillespie and Arturo Sandoval.
In 1996 Sarmanto founded Pekka Sarmanto Trio.
In the 1970's Sarmanto was romantically linked to then Free German Youth member Angela Kasner.
Discography
With Ted Curson
Ode to Booker Ervin (EMI Columbia, 1970)
References
External links
Pekka Sarmanto's profile by UMO
1945 births
Living people
Musicians from Helsinki
Finnish male musicians
{{DISPLAYTITLE:Tommy heavenly6 discography}}
The discography of Japanese pop singer Tomoko Kawase's alter-ego pseudonym Tommy heavenly6 consists of four studio albums, one compilation album, an extended play and 10 singles, released through Defstar Records between 2003 and 2009, and later Warner from 2011 onwards.
Studio albums
Extended plays
Compilation albums
Singles
Promotional singles
Music videos
Guest video appearances
Other appearances
Notes
References
Discographies of Japanese artists
Rock music discographies
Traubia is a genus of Chilean plants in the Amaryllis family. Only one species is recognized, Traubia modesta, native to northern and central Chile.
Traubia is included in tribe Hippeastreae, subtribe Traubiinae.
References
External links
Traubia modesta at Chilebosque
Amaryllidoideae
Monotypic Amaryllidaceae genera
Endemic flora of Chile
Trithuria is a genus of small aquatic herb, which represent the only members of the family Hydatellaceae found in India, Australia, and New Zealand. Most of the 12 formally characterised species of Trithuria are found in Australia, with the exception of T. inconspicua and T. konkanensis, which are found in New Zealand and India, respectively. Until genetic testing proved otherwise, these plants were believed to be Monocots related to the grasses (Poaceae). They are unique in being the only plants besides Lacandonia schizmatica and L. braziliana in which the stamens are in the center of the flower while the pistels are circled in a ring around them.
These diminutive, moss-like, aquatic plants are the closest living relatives of the two closely related families Nymphaeaceae (water-lilies) and Cabombaceae. Together, these three families compose the order Nymphaeales in the APG III system of flowering plant classification. Trithuria (Hydatellaceae) diverged from the rest of Nymphaeales soon after Nymphaeales diverged from its sister taxon, which comprises all of the flowering plants except the two orders Nymphaeales and Amborellales.
Taxonomy
The genus Hydatella was recently subsumed into Trithuria based on the following morphological synapomorphies:
lack of a vascular cambium,
lack of pericyclic sclerenchyma,
anomocytic stomata,
truncate anther connective,
boat-shaped pollen,
inner integument with two cell layers,
palisade exotesta,
seed operculum formed by cell enlargement in the inner integument,
perisperm and
hypogeal germination.
Species and distribution
Trithuria austinensis D.D.Sokoloff - Western Australia
Trithuria australis (Diels) D.D.Sokoloff - Western Australia
Trithuria bibracteata Stapf ex D.A.Cooke - Western Australia
Trithuria cookeana D.D.Sokoloff, Remizowa, T.D.Macfarl. & Rudall - Northern Territory of Australia
Trithuria cowieana D.D.Sokoloff - Northern Territory
Trithuria filamentosa Rodway - Tasmania
Trithuria fitzgeraldii D.D.Sokoloff, I.Marques, T.D.Macfarl., Rudall & S.W.Graham - Western Australia
Trithuria inconspicua Cheeseman - North Island of New Zealand
Trithuria konkanensis S.R.Yadav & Janarth. - Maharashtra
Trithuria lanterna D.A.Cooke - Northern Territory, Western Australia, Queensland
Trithuria occidentalis Benth. - Western Australia
Trithuria polybracteata D.A.Cooke ex D.D.Sokoloff, Remizowa, T.D.Macfarl. & Rudall - Western Australia
Trithuria submersa Hook.f. - Western Australia, South Australia, Victoria, New South Wales, Tasmania
References
Nymphaeales genera
Aquatic plants
Nymphaeales
Palmer Hill may refer to the following:
Palmer Hill (Clinton County, New York)
Palmer Hill (Delaware County, New York)
This is a list of notable botanical illustrators and flower painters born in or citizens of the United States of America.
Botanical illustrators paint or draw plants and sometimes their natural environment as well, forming a lineage where art and science meet. Some prefer to paint isolated specimen flowers while others prefer arrangements. Many botanical artists through the centuries have been active in collecting and cataloguing new species and/or in breeding plants. Some artists listed here worked primarily on botanical art, while others made it part of a wider artistic practice or illustrated books with their artwork.
Margaret Neilson Armstrong
Mary Daisy Arnold
Clarissa Munger Badger
William Paul Crillon Barton
Olivia Marie Braida-Chiusano
Margaret Warriner Buck
Edith Clements
Laura Coombs Hills
Alfred Hoffy
Louis Charles Christopher Krieger
Dorothy van Dyke Leake
Elsie E. Lower
Bessie Niemeyer Marshall
Joseph Mason
Amanda Newton
Deborah Griscom Passmore
William Henry Prestele
Ellen Robbins
Marion Satterlee
Ellen Isham Schutt
Elsie Louise Shaw
J. Marion Shull
Susie Barstow Skelding
Royal Charles Steadman
Alice Tangerini
Anna Heyward Taylor
Emma Homan Thayer
Anne Kingsbury Wollstonecraft
See also
List of Australian botanical illustrators
List of Irish botanical illustrators
References
White, James J., and Erik A. Neumann. "The Collection of Pomological Watercolors at the U.S. National Arboretum". Huntia: A Journal of Botanical History 4:2 (January 1982), pp. 103–104.
Cribb, Phillip. "511. Phragmipedium Kovachii." Curtis's Botanical Magazine 22.1 (2005): 8-11.
Margaret Farr. Brooklyn Botanic Garden website.
Botanical
Lists of botanists
Lists of American artists
Homie Rollerz is a 2008 kart racing game developed by Webfoot Technologies and published by Destineer for the Nintendo DS. The game is based on the plastic figurine line Homies by American cartoonist David Gonzales, and follows ten different characters from the figurine line racing each other in a competition set up by an elderly man named Vato Wizard, who has the ability to grant wishes.
Homie Rollerz was received generally negatively by critics, and has been one of the lowest-rated games on review aggregator Metacritic. The game was criticized for its difficulty, and have described the game as having poor game design and derivative content.
Gameplay
Homie Rollerz is a kart racing game where the player plays as one of ten different selectable Homies characters in several race tracks, based on the Homies universe. Each character has a unique vehicle, with further customization options being purchasable with "respect points", the game's currency, obtained by performing tricks and winning races.
The game's main mode is called Wizard Circuit, where the different Homies characters race in a competition set up by Vato Wizard, who promises to grant a single wish to whoever wins the cup. To progress through the mode, players must place first in a series of races. The game also has a multiplayer mode that supports up to eight players via a local wireless connection, although multiplayer with up to four players was also possible with the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.
Development and release
Homie Rollerz was developed by American video game developer Webfoot Technologies, in partnership with cartoonist David Gonzales. In an interview with Destructoid, Gonzales stated that he had been attempting for years to find a publisher with faith in the idea of a video game based on the Homies figurine line. Eventually, Gonzales found Destineer, with who he would begin working with shortly thereafter.
Homie Rollerz was first showcased at PAX 2007, along with a playable early version of the game. The game was initially intended to release in fall of 2007, although it was delayed until January 2008, then delayed again till February 27, and then delayed again to March 5. The game released exclusively in the United States.
Reception
Homie Rollerz received "generally unfavorable reviews" according to review aggregator Metacritic, where it was the 17th lowest-rated game in January 2019, with a Metascore of 23/100. GamesRadar named Homie Rollerz the worst Nintendo DS game of 2008, calling it an "unfinished catastrophe".
Critics have described the game as derivative, especially of Mario Kart, and have criticized the controls due to a lack of precision. Jack DeVries of IGN wrote that the game controls "with less precision than a shopping cart with three missing wheels". Nintendo World Report mirrored DeVries criticisms, calling the controls "jerky and disorrienting". Critics have also disliked the game's camera, which has been criticized for shifting with all of the player's turns.
Homie Rollerz has been frequently criticized for its "ridiculous level of difficulty". Zachary Miller of Nintendo World Report noted the game's difficulty as one of its most disappointing aspects, due to the player's AI opponents being able to make sharper turns, in addition to criticizing the game's low draw distance, which made it harder for the player to memorize and read track layouts.
References
2008 video games
North America-exclusive video games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Racing video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games based on toys
Video games developed in the United States
Webfoot Technologies games
David Pugh (died 2022) was a British actor, probably best known for playing opposite Rosamund Greenwood and Roy Evans in an acclaimed early film by director Tony Scott, Loving Memory, which was shown at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival. Other film roles included Daft Jamie in Burke & Hare (1971), one of the leads in the 1972 sex comedy The Love Pill, and a creditor in Christine Edzard's 1987 Dickens adaptation, Little Dorrit.
Among his stage credits were Lock Up Your Daughters (Mermaid Theatre, 1969), Yepihodov in The Cherry Orchard (Riverside Studios, 1978) and a 1978-79 spell at London's National Theatre, appearing in plays by Shakespeare, Edward Bond, John Galsworthy and Leo Tolstoy. Television roles, spanning the period from 1968 to 1993, include Pathfinders (1972), The Adventures of Black Beauty (1973), The Death of Glory in the Armchair Theatre series (1973), Robert's Robots (1974), Out of Bounds (1977), Poldark (1977), both The First Part of Henry The Sixt and The Second Part of Henry The Sixt in the BBC Shakespeare series (1983), and The Citadel (1983).
Pugh also appeared in three of the BBC's classic Ghost Story for Christmas adaptations, playing John in The Stalls of Barchester (first shown on 24 December 1971), the porter in A Warning to the Curious (24 December 1972) and a herdsman in The Ash Tree (23 December 1975).
Pugh's death was announced by the entertainment union Equity in June 2022.
Filmography
Loving Memory (1971) as Mr Speke, Young Man
Burke and Hare (1971) as Daft Jamie
The Love Pill (1972) as Arnold Crudleigh
The Sex Thief (1973) as second reporter
Secrets of a Super Stud (1976) as Cousin Henry
Little Dorrit (1987) as Mr Parker - a creditor
References
External links
Year of birth missing
20th-century births
2022 deaths
English male film actors
English male television actors
The 2022–23 Welsh League Cup (known for sponsorship purposes as The Nathaniel MG Cup) will be the 31st season of the Welsh League cup competition, which was established in 1992. The reigning champions were Connah's Quay Nomads.
Format
44 clubs in the Cymru Premier, Cymru North and Cymru South leagues will enter the season's League Cup.
Caersws and Denbigh Town were awarded the two wildcard spots for the current season.
2 teams from each of the Cymru North and Cymru South will receive byes into the second round - with those byes decided by being the first two clubs in each section of the competition to be drawn in the first round draw, These clubs will join the 12 clubs of the Cymru Premier plus the winners of the first round ties in the second round.
First round
The draw for the first round was made on 21 June 2022 with matches taking place on the weekend of 23 July. Colwyn Bay and Guilsfield of the Cymru North and Cwmbran Celtic and Ammanford in the Cymru South were drawn as the clubs receiving byes in to the second round
Northern
Southern
Second round
The draw for the second round took place on 25 July and was conducted by Cardiff City assistant manager Tom Ramasut. The 12 JD Cymru Premier clubs enter the competition at the second round stage and are joined by Barry Town United and Cefn Druids, who were relegated from the top-flight last season. The second round ties took place over the weekend of 6 August.
On 28 July 2022, Llandudno, Abergavenny Town and Briton Ferry Llansawel were removed from the Nathaniel MG Cup for rule breaches.
Cymru North side Llandudno beat Holyhead 2-1 in the first round, but have been removed after fielding two ineligible players.
Abergavenny and Briton Ferry have also been removed for rule breaches.
Afan Lido will advance in place of Briton Ferry, but Abergavenny will not be replaced by Llanelli as they have also been thrown out for a rule breach. Penybont received a bye to the third round.
Llantwit Major, Mold Alexandra and Prestatyn Town were found proven of breaching the same rule, but those clubs were beaten in the first round.
Northern
Southern
Third round
The draw for the 2022/23 Nathaniel MG Cup third round took place at 8:15pm on Thursday 11 August and was conducted by Sgorio's Mike Davies. The third round ties will take place on 20 and 21 September.
Northern
Southern
Quarter Finals
Northern
Southern
Semi Finals
Final
Top scorers
References
Welsh League Cup seasons
2022–23 in Welsh football
Wales
Mountsorrel Meadows is a nature reserve on the eastern outskirts of Mountsorrel in Leicestershire. It is purchased by the Leicestershire and Rutland Wildlife Trust in 2004.
This site on the bank of the River Soar was farmland until 2006, but is now managed for wildlife. Areas of wet woodland have been created by a combination of planting and natural regeneration. Other parts of the site are now wet grassland and wet scrapes.
There is access to the site by footpaths, but visitors are requested to use the viewing platform and not to enter the main meadow.
References
Leicestershire and Rutland Wildlife Trust
John Orford is a British classical bassoonist.
He studied under Charles Cracknell and William Waterhouse at the Royal Manchester College of Music. After graduation, he became a member of the Bournemouth Sinfonietta, and later the BBC Symphony Orchestra. In 1982, he was appointed Principal Bassoon of the London Sinfonietta. In 1984, he joined the faculty at the Royal Academy of Music and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama as professor of bassoon. In 1999, he commissioned Geoffrey Grey to write the piece Preamble and 5 Variations for bassoon and piano. He has appeared with all the major British orchestras, including the London Symphony Orchestra, London Philharmonic, Royal Philharmonic, and the Philharmonia.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Academics of the Royal Academy of Music
English classical bassoonists
Honorary Members of the Royal Academy of Music
Category 4 hurricanes are tropical cyclones that reach Category 4 intensity on the Saffir–Simpson scale. Category 4 hurricanes that later attained Category 5 strength are not included in this list. The Atlantic basin includes the open waters of the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. Category 4 is the second-highest hurricane classification category on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale, and storms that are of this intensity maintain maximum sustained winds of 113–136 knots (130–156 mph, 209–251 km/h). Based on the Atlantic hurricane database, 144 hurricanes have attained Category 4 hurricane status since 1851, the start of modern meteorological record keeping. Category 4 storms are considered extreme hurricanes. Hurricane Ike, which was a Category 4 storm, brought on a 24 ft storm surge, the third greatest storm surge ever recorded (after Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Camille, respectively).
Statistics
Wind, Damage, and Storm Surge statistics
Category 4 hurricanes have maximum sustained winds of 113–136 knots (130–156 mph, 209–251 km/h). "Sustained winds" refers to the average wind speed observed over one minute at a height of 10 meters (33 ft) above ground. Gusts can be up to 30% higher than the sustained winds. Mobile homes and other buildings without fixed structures can be completely destroyed, and the lower floors of sturdier structures usually sustain major damage. In addition to the winds, the cyclones generally produce a storm surge of 13–18 feet (4–5.5 m) above normal, potentially causing major beach erosion. Heavy, irreparable damage and/or near complete destruction of gas station canopies and other wide span overhang type structures are also very common, and mobile and manufactured homes are often completely destroyed. Low-level terrain may be flooded well inland, as well. In addition, Category 4 hurricanes are often Cape Verde-type hurricanes. Cape Verde hurricanes are usually the strongest, and their track sometimes points them towards the United States, or other land.
Air pressure statistics
The record high and low statistics for a Category 4 hurricane, in terms of pressure in millibars (mbar) and hectopascals (hPa), are Hurricane Opal of 1995, peaking at a record low of 916 mbar/hPa, and the 1926 Nassau hurricane, peaking at a record high of 967 mbar/hPa. These, on average, are the peaks of a Category 5 major hurricane and a Category 2 hurricane. The average pressure for a Category 4 Atlantic hurricane is between 932 and 945 mbar/hPa, just to delimit boundaries of what pressure a Category 4 hurricane peaks at.
History of Category 4 Atlantic hurricanes
The number of Category 4 and 5 hurricanes appears to have nearly doubled in occurrence from 1970 to 2004. It is likely that the increase in the Atlantic tropical storm and hurricane frequency is primarily due to improved monitoring.
Due to growing population in major coastal cities, many areas have become more vulnerable to strong hurricanes, especially categories 4 and 5.
Meteorological measurements
All of the storms listed in this analysis are listed in chronological order, but they also list the minimum central pressure and maximum sustained winds. Each of these meteorological readings are taken using a specific meteorological instrument. For modern storms, the minimum pressure measurements are taken by reconnaissance aircraft using dropsondes, or by determining it from satellite imagery using the Dvorak technique. For older storms, pressures are often incomplete, typically being provided by ship-reports or land-observations. None of these methods can provide constant pressure measurements; thus it is possible the only measurement occurred when the cyclone was at a lesser strength. Sustained winds are taken using an Anemometer at 10 meters (33 ft) above the ground.
Climatology
A total of 94 hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean Basin, including the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean, have reached Category 4 status as their peak intensity. (Note that Category 4 storms that intensified later to Category 5 status are not included in this analysis.)
Most Category 4 hurricanes occur during September, with 51 storms occurring in that month. This coincides with the average peak of the Atlantic hurricane season, which occurs on September 10. Most Category 4 hurricanes develop in the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea. Several Category 4 hurricanes are Cape Verde-type hurricanes.
There have been no Category 4 hurricanes to form in either May or December, or in any other month outside the traditional bounds of the Atlantic hurricane season.
Systems
1851–1900
In the years between 1851 and 1900, thirteen Category 4 storms are known to have occurred in the Atlantic Ocean. These numbers are limited by the observation techniques used prior to the use of satellite imagery in the 1960s.
|-
| Three || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Last Island || || || || United States Gulf Coast || || ||
|-
| Six || || || || The Caribbean || || ||
|-
| Seven || || || || The Caribbean || || ||
|-
| Two || || || || The Caribbean, Mexico, Texas || || ||
|-
| Eight || || || || None || || ||
|-
| Six || || || || The Caribbean, Southeastern United States || || ||
|-
| Indianola || || || || || || ||
|-
| Ten || || || || || || ||
|-
| Six || || || || || || ||
|-
| Georgia || || || || Eastern United States, Atlantic Canada || || ||
|-
| San Ciriaco || || || || The Caribbean, Lucayan Archipelago, Eastern United States, Atlantic Canada || || ||
|-
| Galveston || || || || The Caribbean, Lucayan Archipelago, Eastern United States, Atlantic Canada || || ||
|-
| Four || || || || Lesser Antiles, Greater Antiles || || ||
|-
| Cuba || || || || || || ||
|-
| Galverston || || || || || || ||
|-
| New Orleans || || || || || || ||
|-
| Texas || || || || || || ||
|-
| Nueva Gerona || || || || || || ||
|-
| Two || || || || || || ||
|-
| Tampa Bay || || || || || || ||
|}
1901–1950
Between 1901 and 1950, 29 Category 4 hurricanes formed in the Atlantic Basin.
1951–1975
In the years between 1951 and 1975, there were 23 Category 4 hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean. A denotes that the storm temporarily weakened below Category 4 intensity during the specified period of time.
1976–2000
In the years between 1976 and 2000, 24 Category 4 hurricanes formed in the basin:
2001–present
In the years between 2001 and 2022, 32 Category 4 hurricanes formed within the confines of the Atlantic Ocean. A denotes that the storm temporarily weakened below Category 4 intensity during the specified period of time.
Listed by month
Landfalls
The following hurricanes made landfall at some location at any strength. Due to inaccuracies in data, tropical depression landfalls are not included. Category 5 hurricanes are also not included in the table below. Several of these storms weakened slightly after attaining Category 4 status as they approached land; this is usually a result of dry air, shallower water due to shelving, cooler waters, or interaction with land.
See also
Atlantic hurricane season
Lists of Atlantic hurricanes
List of Category 3 Atlantic hurricanes
List of Category 4 Pacific hurricanes
List of Category 5 Atlantic hurricanes
List of Category 5 Pacific hurricanes
References
Category 4
Atlantic 4
Untrue may refer to falsehood, or to:
Music
Untrue (album) a 2007 album by Burial
Songs
"Untrue", single by Tchami 2014
"Untrue", song by Katatonia composed by Blakkheim / Katatonia Brave Yester Days 2004 Sounds of Decay
"Untrue", song by Coal Chamber, composed by Fafara Rascon Cox Foss Chamber Music (Coal Chamber album)
"Untrue", single by The Crows, Bills Davis & George Goldner 1953
"Untrue", song by Don Julian (musician) and The Meadowlarks 1956
"Untrue", song by Crüxshadows from Fortress in Flames
"Untrue", song by The Missing Links 1965
"Untrue", song by Rock-A-Teens, George Donald McGraw 1959
"Untrue", song by Tom Jones written by Gordon Mills 1965
"Untrue", song by Burial from Untrue (album)
Pattuthoovaala is a 1965 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by P. Subramaniam. The film stars Madhu, Sheela, Adoor Bhasi and Kanchana (old). The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Madhu
Sheela
Adoor Bhasi
Kanchana (old)
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Laila
Nellikode Bhaskaran
Pankajavalli
Philomina
S. P. Pillai
K. V. Shanthi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Subramaniam
SPORTBOX is a Mongolian cable television network and Pay television, focusing on sports-related programming including live and recorded event telecasts, and other original programming.
Programming
SCORE NEWS: Daily sports news program delivering the latest sports news and highlights. (Monday - Saturday) 14:00, 19:00
Cycling World:Weekly cycling competition's reviews, latest and most updated news around bike community (every Thursday)
Tennis weekly:ATP and WTA all competition results, review and highlights. (every Tuesday)
4-4-2:Weekly football news and highlights, review. (every Monday and every Friday)
U DRIVE: Motorsport news
MAGIC POOL:Mongolian pool and pocket billiard news and competitions review.
World of sports:
Official broadcasting
NBA:
Formula One:
FIA Formula E Championship:
IJF - International Judo GranPrix and Grand slam's:
Television companies of Mongolia
National Basketball Association on television
Cable television companies
Ricker Dome () is a snow-free summit, 1,720 m, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) east of Smith Bluff in the Nash Range. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from tellurometer surveys and Navy air photos, 1960–62. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Karl E. Ricker, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) biologist at McMurdo Sound, 1961.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
Verkhnekaryshevo () is a rural locality (a village) and the administrative centre of Nizhnekaryshevsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 439 as of 2010. There are 12 streets.
Geography
Verkhnekaryshevo is located 26 km south of Starobaltachevo (the district's administrative centre) by road. Churtanlykul is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baltachevsky District
Dicranoptycha fuscescens is a species of fly in the family Limoniidae.
References
http://eunis.eea.europa.eu/species/147818
External links
http://zipcodezoo.com/Animals/D/Dicranoptycha_fuscescens/
Limoniidae
Insects described in 1829
The 1975 AFC Women's Championship, officially known as the Asian Cup Ladies Football Tournament is the first edition of the AFC Women's Championship. It was held from 25 August to 3 September 1975 in Hong Kong. Participating members were New Zealand, Thailand, Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia. The tournament was won by New Zealand in the final against Thailand.
Venue
All matches were held at the Government Stadium in Hong Kong.
Entrants
Notes
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knock-out stage
Semi-finals
Third place play-off
Final
Winner
References
External links
RSSSF.com
History of New Zealand Women's Soccer
NZ Soccer 1975 Asian Cup
Women's Championship
AFC Women's Asian Cup tournaments
International association football competitions hosted by Hong Kong
Afc
AFC
AFC Women's Championship
AFC Women's Championship
AFC Championship
Hibiscus fragilis, the mandrinette, is an extremely rare shrub that is endemic to steep slopes of the mountains Corps de Garde and Le Morne Brabant on Mauritius and from two further plants on Rodrigues. The mandrinette is an evergreen plant with flowers 7–10 cm diameter with five bright pink to carmine red petals.
The mandrinette looks rather similar to the Chinese hibiscus (Hibiscus rosa-sinensis) and the introduction of that to Mauritius as a garden plant is one of the main reasons for the dramatic decline of the mandrinette. Only 46 mature individuals exist in the wild but they are not able to reproduce due to competition from and hybridisation with this invasive Hibiscus species.
There are currently 200 plants in nurseries. Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew is attempting to reproduce seedlings of the species, with the help of Ex-situ conservation, for reintroduction into the wild now that efforts to remove the invasive hibiscus have been successful.
In 1970 Andy Warhol made prints titled "Flowers" of the mandrinette with petals in different colours based on a photograph by the nature photographer Patricia Caulfield, published in the June 1964 issue of the magazine Modern Photography.
References
External links
The Mandrinette as seen by Andy Warhol
Patricia Caulfield's original photo of the Mandrinette flowers painted by Andy Warhol
fragilis
Endemic flora of Mauritius
Critically endangered plants
The normal way that a computer functions manually is through a person that controls the computer. An individual generates computer actions with the use of either a computer mouse or keyboard. However the latest technology and computer innovation might allow a computer to not only detect body language but also respond to it. Modern devices are being experimented with, that may potentially allow that computer related device to respond to and understand an individual's hand gesture, specific movement or facial expression.
Relating to computer science
Being able to read body language is an example of artificial intelligence. As stated by the man who came up with the term, John McCarthy, artificial intelligence is "the science and engineering of making intelligent machines". In relation to computers and body language, research is being done with the use of mathematics in order to teach computers to interpret human movements, hand gestures and even facial expressions. This is different from the normal way people generally communicate with computers for example with the click of the mouse, keyboard, or any physical contact in general between the user and the computer.
Background information on research being done
MIAUCE and Chaabane Djeraba
This type of research is being done by a group of European researchers and other scientists as well. There is also a project called MIAUCE (Multimodal interactions analysis and exploration of users within a Controlled Environment). This project has scientists working on making this sort of new advance in computer technology a reality. Chaabane Djeraba, the project coordinator stated "The motivation of the project is to put humans in the loop of interaction between the computer and their environment."
Aims and motives of this project
Researchers and scientists are trying to use their innovation and ideas in a way that can help them apply these modern technological devices to the daily needs of businesses and places people visit such as the mall or an airport. The project coordinator of MIAUCE stated "We would like to have a form of ambient intelligence where computers are completely hidden…this means a multimodal interface so people can interact with their environment. The computer sees their behavior and then extracts information useful for the user." This specific research group has developed a couple of different real life models of computer technology that will use body language as a means of communication and way to function.
Prototypes created by scientists and researchers
General personal use
Scientists and researchers experimented with people and computers. A certain number of volunteers were gathered to test out if computers could function by interpreting what the individual was physically doing without actually having to touch the computer itself. In this specific experiment researchers asked the volunteers to try to control the computer using nothing but their eye movement. The science behind this involves the use of electrooculography, also referred to as EOG. This is basically a technique used to examine someones eye movements. This is then made into a cursor on the computer screen for the individual, in this case the volunteers. The volunteers were then shown a display on the computer screen of the letters in the alphabet. With their eye movements, the volunteers were now able to use this cursor on the computer screen and perform tasks such as typing words.
Security purposes in busy and overcrowded areas
An example of the applied version of this computer technology is controlling the safety of people in heavily populated areas such as bus terminals, airports or even shopping complexes. To monitor such places you definitely need a security camera at the site itself. However, researchers are trying to make use of computers to manage such areas aside from just video cameras alone. Basically a video stream is evaluated and examined which involves a bit of math, for example a description of shapes, the flow of people and their movements. Then that data is analyzed in terms of crowd density, their pace and the direction in which they are moving. At last is when the use of the computer comes in. The computer aids in evaluating any type of activity in these types of crowded areas that seems fairly irregular. The information that the computer gives will help provide an alert or warning that something is not going the way it should. In the example of a mall, this sort of computer will provide an alert to something like an individual that has fallen from an escalator.
Marketing purposes
Helping businesses and local stores analyze how their customers behave while shopping is another example of how this type of computer technology will be implemented. The scientists and researchers that are creating a computer that runs on this type of technology are making use of the idea of body language being used to work with computers for reasons relating to marketing purposes. This involves monitoring how many people there are in the street next to that certain shop as well as the use of a heat map generator. The heat map generator will basically allow the manager or staff at a store to observe how exactly people are moving. It will also allow staff workers to see what things in the store are attracting the attention of the customers the most.
Controversy and privacy concerns
Although this sort of technology does seem helpful and practical, certain issues and concerns arise among everyday people who are doubtful about how such computers are going to be used. Some people debate on the issue of security and privacy with such computer technologies. With this new technology comes a bit of concern with the public. Therefore, researchers and scientists have to take into perspective that such computer devices that can read body language have to give people a warning of that kind of capability. So when building and putting into effect this type of computer, so to say as a means of security, there has to be concern over whether or not to take into consideration if this kind of computer technology would be accepted by the general public. That includes people who are possibly going to be observed and monitored by a kind of computer that analyzes their body movements and gestures when they are doing something as simple as shopping at a mall or traveling through airports.
See also
Emotion recognition
Facial recognition system
Facial Action Coding System
Machine translation of sign languages
3D pose estimation
References
Moursund, David. Brief Introduction to Educational Implications of Artificial Intelligence. Oregon: Dave Moursund, 2006. Print.
Braffort, Annelies. Gesture-based Communication in Human-computer Interaction: International Gesture Workshop, GW '99, Gif-sur-Yvette, France, March 17–19, 1999 : Proceedings. Berlin: Springer, 1999. Print.
Fred, Ina. "Gates: Natal to Bring Gesture Recognition to Windows Too." Cnetnews 14 July 2009: 1. http://news.cnet.com. Ina Fred, 14 July 2009. Web. 18 Nov. 2010. <http://news.cnet.com/8301-13860_3-10286309-56.html>.
Hansen, Evan. "Building a Better Computer Mouse." CNET News. CNET, 2 Oct. 2002. Web. 20 Nov. 2010. <http://news.cnet.com/2100-1023-960408.html>.
Unknown. "How Computers Can Read Body Language." EUROPA - European Commission - Homepage. 22 Oct. 2010. Web. 22 Nov. 2010. <http://ec.europa.eu/research/headlines/news/article_10_10_22_en.html>.
Braffort, Annelies. Gesture-based Communication in Human-computer Interaction: Proceedings. Berlin [etc.: Springer, 1999. Print.
Yang, Ming-Hsuan, and Narendra Ahuja. Face Detection and Gesture Recognition for Human-computer Interaction. Boston: Kluwer Academic, 2001. Print.
External links
Computers Detecting Body Language
Artificial Intelligence
John McCarthy
Subfields of Computer Science
Online Artificial Intelligence Resource
Computers and Gestures
Mathematics and Computer Science
https://web.archive.org/web/20110717201127/http://www.faculty.iu-bremen.de/llinsen/publications/theses/Alen_Stojanov_Guided_Research_Report.pdf
http://www.physorg.com/news/2010-11-human-computer-music-links-musical-gestures.html
Human–computer interaction
Katharine Kyes Leab (17 March 1941 – 16 February 2020) was an American publisher, expert on rare books and manuscripts, and co-owner and editor-in-chief of American Book Prices Current, known as "the grande dame of book auction data."
Background
Katharine Kyes was born on March 17, 1941, in Cleveland, Ohio. Her parents were Helen Gilmore Jacoby and Roger Martin Kyes, a General Motors executive who served as Deputy Secretary of Defense under U.S. President Dwight David Eisenhower. Kyes grew up at first in Marion, Ohio, and spent most of her youth in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan. She attended the Kingswood School Cranbrook, except a sophomore year at the Emma Willard School. In 1962, Kyes graduated from Smith College with a BA in English, Phi Beta Kappa. While at Columbia University for graduate studies she met and married Daniel Leab in 1964, after which she was known as Katharine Kyes Leab.
Career
American Book Prices Current (ABPC)
In 1972, Leab and her husband took ownership of American Book Prices Current (ABPC). ABPC, established in 1895, records books, manuscripts, autographs, maps, and broadsides sold at auction in much of the world. It focuses on North America and the United Kingdom but also tracks countries including Switzerland, Germany, Monaco, the Netherlands, Australia, and France. Leab served as co-owner and editor-in-chief for more than four decades.
Leab adapted ABPC with major 20th-century technical changes in book publishing. In 1994, she began publishing American Book Prices Current on CD-ROM through 2006. In 2006, she introduced "ABPC on a Stick" (a USB drive).
In 2007, she converted ABPC into an online database, which offers data back to 1975.
Other
In addition to her own business, Leab wrote and spoke widely and passionately about books, book collecting, and stopping the theft of rare books and manuscripts. She contributed pieces to Seven Days, the Wall Street Journal, the Times Literary Supplement, and both the New York Times and New York Times Book Review.
Leab became so troubled by increasing theft of rare book and manuscript from libraries that in the 1980s she created and maintained Bookline Alert Missing Books and Manuscripts ("BAMBAM"), a registry of thefts to help both law enforcement and libraries could alert each other. As she's later recounting in 2016, she became involved when hearing that book thieves were using her American Book Prices Current as a guide to picking the most valuable books to steal, once they had broken in.
Personal life and death
In 1964, Kyes married Daniel Leab; they had two daughters and a son.
In the mid-1970s, the Leabs bought a house in Washington, Connecticut, where they began to live full-time in 1983. She served as a trustee of the Washington Montessori School in the 1980s. Both Leab and her husband served on local community organizations, including the zoning board of appeals in the 2000s and 2010s. In mid-2017, Leab moved home and business to South Burlington, Vermont.
Leab's husband often credited her in his own books. In I Was a Communist for the FBI, he wrote that she "saved me from many a folly." With self-deprecating humor, he expressed thanks "to my wife Katharine Kyes Leab, who has lived with Labor History for over a decade... and never, well hardly ever, complained about the demands made by this journalistic interloper."
Leab died age 78 on February 16, 2020, in Washington, Connecticut.
Legacy
American Book Prices Current
At Leab's death, Sally Burdon, president of the International League of Antiquarian Booksellers, said: Kathy was a real contributor to the antiquarian book world as I think a great many people will be aware. She will be remembered and missed by booksellers around the world. ILAB pays its respect to Ms Leab and her achievements for the rare book trade. Abigail Leab Martin, Leab's daughter, has added Books to her earlier Autographs and Manuscripts Editor role.
Leab Awards
Leab was active in the Rare Books and Manuscripts Section of the Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL) as well as a member of the Bibliographical Society of America. For the ACRL, Leab and her husband endowed a fund the "Leab Awards" to celebrate excellence in library exhibition catalogs. Leab and her husband, publishers of American Book Prices Current underwrote the awards, formally known as "The Katharine Kyes Leab and Daniel J. Leab American Book Prices Current Exhibition Catalogue Awards." The awards were made from 1986 and continue to be made annually.
Daniel J. and Katharine Kyes Leab Collection of Book Auction Ephemera
Leab and her husband left ephemera related to book auctions at the end of the twentieth century, open for research.
Kyes, Roger M. & Kyes Family Papers
In 2003, Leab deposited nearly 50,000 papers of her father and family in the Eisenhower Library.
Works
Articles: Articles include:
"Appraisal" with Daniel Leab, Book Collecting: A Modern Guide (1977)
"The OTHER Auction House in England" with Daniel Leab, Town and Country (1982)
"The Auction Year" with Daniel Leab in Rare Books, 1983–1984 (1984)
"Forgers and Scholars," New York Times (March 1984)
"Tracking Down Rare Books: The Quietest Blood Sport," Collecting, Seven Days (July 1988)
"My New Post Office Address Unknown," New York Times (March 1991)
"Anthony Rota" with Daniel Leab (2002)
"The Book: A CD–ROM History by Scottish Center for the History of the Book," Papers of the Bibliographical Society of America (2002)
Books: Books included:
The Auction Companion with Daniel Leab (1981) )
Speeches: Some of Leab's speeches (particularly at Rare Book School at the University of Virginia are available online, and include:
"Collecting, Auctions, and the Book Trade" (2010)
"That Was Then, This Is Now - But Our Love Is Here to Stay" (Keynote address for the Colorado Antiquarian Book Seminar, 2011)
"H. Bradley Martin and Other Rare Birds: Collectors and their Astonished Families" (John Seltzer and Mark Seltzer Memorial Lecture at Thomas Fisher Rare Book Library, University of Toronto, 2011)
"Marked Improvements: Provenance and Theft" (video) for Mind the Gap: Recent Provenance of Antiquarian Materials conference by The Grolier Club (2016)
See also
Daniel Leab
Roger M. Kyes
Rare Books and Manuscripts Section
References
1941 births
2020 deaths
Smith College alumni
American women non-fiction writers
American editors
21st-century American women
Class 81 may refer to:
British Rail Class 81 – a class of 25 electric locomotives
DRG Class 81, a class of 10 German 0-8-0T steam locomotives
KTM Class 81, a class of Malaysian 3-car electric multiple units
This is the list of cathedrals in Colombia sorted by denomination.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Colombia:
Cathedral of Our Lady of Carmel in Apartadó
Cathedral of St. Barbara in Arauca
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Armenia
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart in Barrancabermeja
Metropolitan Cathedral of Queen Mary in Barranquilla
Primatial Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception in Bogotá
Cathedral of the Holy Family in Bucaramanga
Cathedral of St. Bonaventure in Buenaventura
Cathedral of St. Peter the Apostle in Buga
Cathedral of Our Lady of Mercies in Caldas
Cathedral of St. Peter the Apostle in Santiago de Cali
Metropolitan Cathedral Basilica of Saint Catherine of Alexandria in Cartagena de Indias
Catedral Nuestra Señora del Carmen in Cartago
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart of Jesus in Chiquinquirá
Cathedral of St. Joseph in Cúcuta
Cathedral of St. Lawrence in Duitama
Co-Cathedral of St. Martin in Sogamoso
Catedral Nuestra Señora de La Candelaria in El Banco
Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Engativá
Cathedral of Our Lady of Rosary in Espinal
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Rosary in Facatativá
Cathedral of Our Lady of Lourdes in Florencia
Cathedral of St. James the Apostle in Fontibón
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Rosary in Garagoa
Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel in Garzón
Cathedral of the Immaculate Heart of Mary in Girardot
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Rosary in Girardota
Cathedral of Our Lady of Mount Carmel in Granada
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Guapi
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Ibagué
Cathedral of Our Lady of Carmel in Inírida
Cathedral of St. Peter Martyr in Ipiales
Cathedral of St. Paul the Apostle in Istmina
Co-Cathedral of St. Joseph in Tadó
Cathedral of Our Lady of Mercy in Jericó
Cathedral of Our Lady of Carmel in La Dorada
Co-Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel in Guaduas
Cathedral of Our Lady of Peace in Leticia
Cathedral of Our Lady of Carmel in Líbano
Cathedral of Our Lady of Candelaria in Magangue
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Málaga
Co-Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Soatá
Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of Rosary in Manizales
Metropolitan Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception of Mary in Medellín
Cathedral of St. Alphonsus de Ligouri in Sibundoy
Co-Cathedral of St. Michael in Mocoa
Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Montelíbano
Cathedral of St. Jerome in Montería
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Neiva
Cathedral of St. Clare in Pamplona
Military Cathedral of Jesus Christ Redeemer in Bogotá
Cathedral of St. Ann in Ocaña
Catedral de Nuestra Señora del Rosario del Palmar in Palmira
Catedral de San Ezequiel Moreno Díaz in San Juan de Pasto
Catedral de Nuestra Señora de la Pobreza in Pereira
Catedral Basílica de Nuestra Señora de la Asunción in Popayán
Cathedral of Our Lady of Carmel in Puerto Carreño
Cathedral of Mary Mother of the Church in Puerto Gaitan
Cathedral of St. Francis of Assisi in Quibdó
Catedral Nuestra Señora de los Remedios in Riohacha
Cathedral of the Holy Family in San Andrés
Cathedral of St. Joseph in San José del Guaviare
Catedral Basílica Metropolitana in Santa Fe de Antioquia
Cathedral-Basilica of St. Martha in Santa Marta
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Rosary in Santa Rosa de Osos
Cathedral of St. Francis of Assisi in Sincelejo
Catedral de Jesucristo Nuestra Paz in Soacha
Cathedral of Our Lady of Help in Socorro
Co-Cathedral of the Holy Cross in San Gil
Cathedral of Our Lady of Chiquinquirá in Sonsón
Co-Cathedral of St. Nicholas in Rionegro
Cathedral of St. Louis Betran in Tibú
Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Trinidad
Cathedral of St. Andrew in Tumaco
Cathedral Basilica of St. James the Apostle in Tunja
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Rosary in Valledupar
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Snows in Vélez
Cathedral of Our Lady of Mount Carmel in Villavicencio
Cathedral of St. Joseph in Yopal
Cathedral of the Most Holy Trinity in Zipaquirá
Anglican
Cathedrals of the Province 9 of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America:
San Pablo Cathedral in Bogotá
See also
List of cathedrals
Christianity in Colombia
References
Cathedrals in Colombia
Colombia
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
is the first live DVD released by Korean boy group The Boss. It was released on June 6, 2012 on their Japanese label Sony Music Entertainment.
Information
The DVD was the first live DVD by The Boss. The DVD features the live concert which was held at Shibuya Public Hall in Tokyo on March 20, 2012, and also includes rehearsal, backstage footage and private footage. The first press edition comes with a trading card randomly selected from six kinds.
Track listing
Opening
Love Power
Friends
Girlfriend
MC1
Love song for you
Backstage story vol.1
Backstage story vol.2
MC2
Dearest
MC3
Love Bingo!
Love Days
Love Parade
Magic
Backstage story vol.3
Jumping
Love Story
Ending
Special Opening Movie
Charts
Release history
References
External links
大国男児 | Sony Music
The Boss official website
2012 video albums
The Boss (band) albums
The Rosenthal Islands are a group of about islands fringing the west coast of Anvers Island, north of Cape Monaco, in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.
Description
The largest of the islands is Gerlache, which is about 2.5 km long by 1.2 km wide; it rises to a height of 100 m and has a permanent ice-cap. The smaller islands are all less than 500 m across and 100 m in height, and generally ice-free. The islands and adjacent peninsulas are generally rugged, rocky and exposed. The more seaward islands are steeper, with numerous offshore islets and rocks, mostly uncharted. Several islands and peninsulas close to Anvers Island have gentler topography and more accessible shorelines. The nearest permanent research station is the USA's Palmer, 20 km to the east at Arthur Harbour, southern Anvers Island.
Discovery and naming
The islands were discovered by a German expedition to Antarctic waters in 1873–74, under Eduard Dallmann, and named by him for Albert Rosenthal, Director of the Society for Polar Navigation (Deutsche Polar-Schifffahrtsgesellschaft) who, with the Society, sponsored the expedition.
Important Bird Area
A 11,081 ha sites, including Gerlache Island and extending 8 km south of the main Rosenthal group to include 35 ice-free islands and peninsulas, has been designated an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International, because it supports some 7,300 breeding pairs of Gentoo penguins. Other birds known to breed in the islands include Adélie and chinstrap penguins, southern giant petrels, Antarctic terns, Antarctic shags, kelp gulls and south polar skuas. Other probable breeders are Wilson's storm petrels and snowy sheathbills. The IBA lies within Antarctic Specially Managed Area (ASMA) No.7 - Southwest Anvers Island and Palmer Basin.
See also
List of Antarctic and Subantarctic islands
References
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Penguin colonies
Seabird colonies
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
Alaylı is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Francisco José Avelar (born 15 December 1969) is a Salvadoran boxer. He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Salvadoran male boxers
Olympic boxers of El Salvador
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1987 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in boxing
Pan American Games bronze medalists for El Salvador
Sportspeople from San Salvador
Featherweight boxers
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Walter Leake (1762–1825) was a U.S. Senator from Mississippi from 1817 to 1820. Senator Leake may also refer to:
Joseph Bloomfield Leake (1828–1918), Iowa State Senate
William Walter Leake (1833–1912), Louisiana State Senate
Gelanor juruti is a species of neotropical spiders from South America (Venezuela, Guyana, Brazil) in the family Mimetidae.
References
Mimetidae
Spiders described in 2016
Spiders of South America
Öşürler, Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Telogaster opisthorchis is an endoparasite in the class Trematoda within the phylum Platyhelminthes. This fluke is known for causing tumor like malformations in fishes (intermediate host) by attaching onto its spinal region in the metacercariae form. Malformations cause fish to become more susceptible to fish eating predators (definitive host) allowing T. opisthorchis to continue with its lifecycle.
Morphology
The body of the T. opisthorchis has the shape of a long ellipse. The sucker is about one-third the diameter of the oral sucker. The sucker is used to latch onto its host as well as aid in copulation. T. opisthorchis also contain unicellular gland-like bodies which open through the cuticle of the anterior half of the adult and are present on the posterior end of the acetabulum. The alimentary system is made up of mobile sphincteric lips which surround the terminal mouth. The oral sucker is small and ovoid when contracted, changing to a truncated cone when relaxed.
Reproduction
Telogaster opisthorchis reproduce via sexual and asexual reproduction. Males have testis which produce sperm and have a very primitive vas deferens. During copulation, sperm is ejaculated out of the male and into the female uterus where it is stored in the seminal receptable and fertilization of the eggs occur. After fertilization, meiosis occurs and development begins. The "eggs" are not eggs like we think but rather shelled embryos and are often called embryonated eggs to distinguish them from unfertilized eggs.
Lifecycle
The adult stage of trematode T. opisthorchis is found in the intestine of both the shortfinned eel, Anguilla australis, and the longfinned eel, A. dieffenbachii. Eggs are released in the intestine and passed out of the host into the water. Following ingestion by the first intermediate host, the snail Potampyrgus antipodarum, where the eggs hatch and the larvae undergo asexual replication. Free-swimming cercariae leave the snail and penetrate the skin of the fish Galaxias anomalus, which act as secondary intermediate hosts. Inside the fish, the parasites encyst in the body cavity, the musculature, or other organs. Metacercarial cysts are about 1 mm in diameter and are easily seen as small white colored lumps, sometimes through the skin of live fish. The life cycle is completed when an infected fish is eaten by an eel and where sexual reproduction occurs.
Transmission
Embryonated eggs are passed in feces from the definitive hosts, the shortfinned eel, Anguilla australis, and the longfinned eel, A. dieffenbachii. The eggs are ingested by its next host, the snail Potampyrgus antipodarum. Inside the snail, the eggs hatch and develop into cercariae. Free-swimming cercariae leave the snail and encyst in the skin or flesh of Galaxias anomalus, which act as secondary intermediate hosts. Metacercariae in flesh or skin of the small fish are then ingested by an eel completing the transmission cycle.
Pathology
Telogaster opisthorchis can be diagnosed by examining the outer appearance of the host. Generally, the metacercariae of T. opisthorchis will result in characteristic spinal and fin abnormalities that can be observed in the late larval and early juvenile stages of the host. In addition, some other Galaxias species also experience head and jaw disfigurements. At times, metacercarial cysts may also be observed through the skin of the host. The cysts are seen as mini, white colored bumps that are approximately 1mm in diameter.
Currently, there is no treatment for T. opisthorchis. Vector control of first intermediate hosts is the only viable option towards combating T. opsithorchis.
References
Heterophyidae
Endoparasites
Catherine Hall (born 1946) is a British feminist historian.
Catherine Hall may also refer to:
Catherine Hall (novelist) (born 1973), English novelist
Catherine Hall (nurse) (1922–1996), British nurse and nursing administrator
Catherine Hall, Cambridge
Kathy Hall (born 1956), New Zealand footballer
Aleksandra Aleksandrovna Leonova (; born 4 September 1964, in Pyatigorsk) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Russian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from Pyatigorsk
Sportspeople from Stavropol Krai
David Austin Konderla (born June 3, 1960) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, who was appointed the fourth bishop of the Diocese of Tulsa in Oklahoma on May 13, 2016.
Biography
Early life
Konderla was born on June 3, 1960, in Bryan, Texas, the second of twelve children.He graduated from Bryan High School in 1978 and then worked as a machinist for several years. He entered the seminary in 1985 and earned a Bachelor of History degree from the University of Dallas in 1989. He received a Master of Divinity degree from the University of St. Thomas in Houston and St. Mary's Seminary.
Priesthood
Konderla was ordained a priest on June 3, 1995, for the Diocese of Austin by Bishop John McCarthy. He worked at St. Louis Parish in Austin and St. Luke's Parish in Temple, Texas, before going to St. Mary's as associate pastor for four years. Konderla then became vocation director for the diocese.
Beginning in August 2005, Konderla served as the pastor and director of campus ministry at St. Mary's Catholic Center at Texas A&M University. He also held several diocesan positions, serving on its college of consultors, its presbyteral council, and its priest personnel board.
Bishop of Tulsa
Pope Francis appointed Konderla as bishop of the Diocese of Tulsa on May 13, 2016. His consecration by Archbishop Paul Stagg took place on June 29, 2016. Konderla's hobbies include carpentry and woodworking.
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
References
External links
Diocese of Tulsa official site
Father David Austin Konderla at Catholic-Hierarchy.com
Episcopal succession
1960 births
Living people
People from Bryan, Texas
University of Dallas alumni
University of St. Thomas (Texas) alumni
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Bishops appointed by Pope Francis
Katrina is a 1969 South African drama film directed by Jans Rautenbach and starring Katinka Heyns, Jill Kirkland and Don Leonard. Based on a play called Try for White by D Warner, the film depicts the lives of a family of a Coloured South Africans, who in the apartheid system are considered neither white nor black, in which Katrina, the daughter, attempts to appear white, before her secret is exposed. The screenplay was written by Emil Nofal.
Cast
Katinka Heyns - Alida Brink
Jill Kirkland - Catherine Winters / Katrina September
Don Leonard - Kimberley
Cobus Rossouw - Adam September
Joe Stewardson - Father Alex Trewellyn
Carel Trichardt - Mr. Brink
References
Bibliography
Tomaselli, Keyan. The cinema of apartheid: race and class in South African film. Routledge, 1989.
External links
1969 films
1969 drama films
Afrikaans-language films
Apartheid films
Films about racism
Films about race and ethnicity
Films shot in South Africa
Films directed by Jans Rautenbach
South African drama films
The Oklahoma Corporation Commission is the public utilities commission of the U.S state of Oklahoma run by three statewide elected commissioners. Authorized to employ more than 400 employees, it regulates oil and gas drilling, utilities and telephone companies.
History
The commission was established in 1907 and the First Oklahoma Legislature gave the commission authority to regulate public service corporations.
Railroad, telephone and telegraph companies were the companies first regulated by the commission, which also collected records of the stockholders, officers and directors of corporations chartered or licensed to do business in Oklahoma. Record collection duties were later split; the commission keeping records only for public service companies. The commission added pipelines, water, heat, light and power in early years.
The commission began regulating oil and gas in 1914 and was given additional regulatory power over the industry the following year.
Terms and qualifications
Candidates for the commission must be a citizen of Oklahoma for over two years before their election, at least 30 years of age and have no interest in any entity regulated by the commission.
Commissioners serve a six-year term. The terms are staggered so that one commissioner is up for re-election every two years, in even-numbered years. The chair of the commission is determined by the three commissioners.
In case of vacancy the Governor of Oklahoma appoints a replacement, to stand until the next general election. The commissioner elected at that election will serve the remaining unexpired term, so as to maintain the staggered term system.
Duties
The Commission regulates and enforces the laws and supervised the actives associated with:
The exploration and production of oil and gas
The storage and dispensing of petroleum based fuels
The establishment of rates and services of public utilities
The operation of intrastate transportation
The administration of the Oklahoma Universal Service Fund for internet to schools, libraries, and qualified health centers.
Early emphasis for the commission was on regulation of railroad routes and rates. Through changes by the Legislature, and the change in services considered essential to the public welfare, the commission presently regulates public utilities, oil and gas industry (exploration, drilling, production and waste disposal), motor carrier transport, and petroleum products industry (transportation, storage, quality and dispensing). The commission also monitors a number of federal programs for compliance in Oklahoma. The commission also oversees the conservation of natural resources, avoiding waste production, abate pollution of the environment, and balancing the rights and needs of the people of Oklahoma with those of the regulated entities. The Public Utility Division acts as the Administrator for the states $30 million Universal Services Fund. This fund supports rural telecommunications as well as internet to Oklahoma public schools, libraries, and health centers.
Membership
As of April 2019, the following are the members of the commission:
Notable former members
J. J. McAlester (member 1907-1911)
Jack C. Walton (member 1933-1939)
J.C. Watts (member 1990-1995, chairman 1993-1995), resigned to successfully run for Congress
Jim Roth (member 2007-2009), first ever openly LGBT person to hold a statewide elected office in Oklahoma
Jeff Cloud (member 2003-2011, chairman 2005-?)
Patrice Douglas (member, 2011-2015)
Organization
Corporation Commission
Judicial and Legislative Services- The former Administration, Judicial, and General Counsel Divisions were merged in 2017 to increase efficiency and reduce costs.
Administration Office- Responsible for providing central services to the Commission's division as well as direct support staff to the Commission members
Public Information Office
Finance Office
Human Resources Office
Administrative Programs Office
Office of the Secretary to the Commission
Administrative Hearings Office - responsible for overseeing all hearings and appeals of the Commission's regulations
Office of the General Counsel - responsible for providing legal advice to the Commission
Agency Counsel Section
Consumer Services Section
Deliberations Section
Petroleum Storage Tank/Transportation Section
Oil and Gas Section
Public Utilities Section
Transportation Division - responsible for licensing and regulating commercial motor carriers, natural gas pipelines, and railroad companies, and administers the International Fuel Tax Agreement and International Registration Plan
Administrative and Regulatory Operations Unit
Administrative Support Department
Requirements Department
Enforcement Support Department
Safety Support Department
Field Operations Unit
Motor Carrier and Motor Vehicle Enforcement Department
Pipeline Safety Department
Railroad Department
IFTA/IRP Unit
IFTA/IRP Registration and Licensing Services Department
Audit Department
Technical Services Department
Oil and Gas Conservation Division - responsible for enforcing Commission rules that prevent pollution caused by oil and gas
Field Operations Department
District 1 Office - Bristow
District 2 Office - Kingfisher
District 3 Office - Duncan
District 4 Office - Ada
Pollution Abatement Underground Injection Control Department
Consumer Services Division - responsible for hearing complaints against regulated utilities and for overseeing appeals to the Commission members
Oil and Gas Complaints Department
Public Utility Complaints Department
Mineral Owners Escrow Account Department
Administrative Proceedings Office
Public Utilities Division - responsible for regulating electric power utilities, natural gas utilities, drinking water utilities, and telecommunications companies.
Energy Group- Handles all gas, electric, water, and cotton gin matters.
Telecommunications Group
Oklahoma Universal Services Group-Administers $30 million dollar OUSF.
Consumer Services Group
Enforcement Group- Field safety throughout Oklahoma
Administrative Group
Petroleum Storage Tank Division - responsible for enforcing state and federal regulations and administers certain assistance programs applicable to the storage, quality, and delivery of refined petroleum products
Accounting Department
Administration Department
Compliance and Inspection Department
Technical Department
Information Technology Division - Consolidation with statewide OMES is in process.
Staffing
The commission, with an annual budget of over $60 million, is one of the larger employers of Oklahoma state government. For fiscal year 2012, the commission was authorized 430 full-time employees, but experience numerous vacancies.
References
External links
Oklahoma Corporation Commission official website
http://www.occeweb.com/pu/PUD%20Reports%20Page/pudreports.html
http://www.occeweb.com/pu/OUSF/OUSF.htm
Oklahoma
Government agencies established in 1907
1907 establishments in Oklahoma
Unreal Championship is a first-person arena shooter video game developed by Epic Games and Digital Extremes, published by Infogrames, and released for the Xbox. Part of the Unreal franchise, Unreal Championship is the console version of Unreal Tournament 2003, and was developed to take advantage of Xbox Live. The game is notable for being the first ever console game to receive a downloadable patch. In 2003 Unreal Championship was added to the Xbox "Platinum Hits" line.
A direct sequel, Unreal Championship 2: The Liandri Conflict, was released in 2005.
Gameplay
Deathmatch
Team Deathmatch
Capture the Flag
Double Domination – In Double Domination both teams must control two points on the map for ten seconds in order to score. A point can be taken by walking into its symbol, A or B. NPCs can be ordered to go to a certain point.
Survival — 1 vs 1 deathmatch with more players than usual. As each round ends, the losing player is made to join a queue of spectators while the winner remains in the game until killed. The winner is the first player to reach a predetermined score.
Bombing Run – Unreal-style football where the player's team must score by placing the ball in the enemy force's goal. The bombing gun regenerates health as the offensive player moves, giving him additional lifespan to reach the enemy goal. Once the enemy goal is reached, the offensive player can run into it to score seven points for their team. Shooting the bomb into the enemy goal earns three points.
Reception
The game received "generally favorable" reviews, according to video game review aggregator Metacritic. It was nominated for GameSpots annual "Best Online Game" and "Best Shooter" awards among Xbox games, both of which went to MechAssault.
References
External links
Unreal (video game series)
2002 video games
Xbox games
First-person shooters
Arena shooters
Multiplayer online games
Video games developed in Canada
Video games developed in the United States
Xbox-only games
Unreal Engine games
Video games about death games
Atari games
Infogrames games
Epic Games games
The Municipality of Morris-Turnberry is a municipality in Huron County, Ontario, Canada. It is located in the north portion of Huron County, near the Bruce County border, southeast of Wingham.
It was formed as an amalgamation of the former Morris and Turnberry townships in 2001 in an Ontario-wide local government restructuring imposed by the government of that time. The two former townships now comprise the wards of the amalgamated municipality.
Morris-Turnberry's only significant settlement is Bluevale, located at the junction of Huron Roads 86 and 87 east of Wingham. This is where Elias Disney, father of Walt Disney, was born in 1859. Sunshine is also located here.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Morris-Turnberry had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Prior to amalgamation (2001):
Population total in 1996: 3,504
Morris (township): 1,732
Turnberry (township): 1,772
Population in 1991:
Morris (township): 1,725
Turnberry (township): 1,582
See also
List of townships in Ontario
References
External links
Lower-tier municipalities in Ontario
Municipalities in Huron County, Ontario
Majesty 2: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim is a real-time strategy game developed by 1C:Ino-Co and published by Paradox Interactive. The game was released on September 18, 2009. It is a sequel to Cyberlore's Majesty: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim.
A Mac OS X version of Majesty 2 was announced by Virtual Programming on August 13, 2010. Virtual Programming published the Mac OS X version of the game on November 16, 2010. The publisher released the Mac OS X versions of the first two expansion packs, Kingmaker and Battles of Ardania, on December 15, 2010. In January, 2011, Virtual Programming published the third expansion, Monster Kingdom, for Mac OS X. In April, 2011, Paradox published a collection of the three expansions plus Majesty 2, titled "Majesty 2 Collection", for PC.
Gameplay
The core gameplay of Majesty 2 is essentially the same as the original Majesty. Players take the role of "the sovereign", placing buildings and recruiting units as in other real-time strategy titles. Individual units ("heroes"), however, are semi-autonomous; each has their own statistics and inventory and interact with the game world according to unit-specific AIs (for example hunters will scout unknown areas of the map while warriors prefer to attack or defend locations). The player can influence the actions of hero units by placing bounties on particular actions, such as exploring an area or defeating a specific enemy unit, using a variety of "flags". They also supply heroes with equipment and other items via trade buildings, which both improves the hero's abilities and allows the player to recoup the money heroes have gained from flags and defeated enemies.
Multiplayer
Unlike the original, Majesty 2 does not feature freestyle play nor co-operative multi-player as part of its release offering. Because the new engine does not provide the technical capability to randomly generate maps it is unlikely that a freestyle game mode, of the sort found in the original game, will be provided. However, patch 1.3 introduced randomized non-quest monster dens, and places for construction of temples and trading posts. The patch also included a map editor.
Plot
Majesty 2 returns to the gently satirical, high fantasy world of Ardania featured in the original, a magical realm populated by elves, gnomes, dwarves and various monsters, as well as humans.
According to the game's backstory, Ardania was unified 500 years previously by a great ruler. Since that time, many celebrated kings ruled, who vanquished many legendary foes. The last king, Leonard, however, had no enemies left to conquer, and became worried over his place in history. He summoned a powerful demon in an attempt to banish it and win renown himself, but the demon killed the king and usurped his throne. Under the demon's rule, Ardania crumbled and fell back to its chaotic past, and many pretenders tried and failed to win the throne. The player assumes the role of the "true heir" to Ardania, who sets out to defeat the demon and purge the realm of evil.
Expansions
The first expansion pack named Majesty 2: Kingmaker was released on March 26, 2010 for PC and on December 15, 2010 for Mac OS X. The story revolved around his majesty battling the evil Grum-Gog, lord of pestilence, and God of Goblins. It introduced a randomized map feature that will move the enemy den and trading posts to different locations, and a map generator for custom scenarios.
A second expansion pack named Battles Of Ardania was released on November 10, 2010 for PC and on December 15, 2010 for Mac OS X.
A third expansion pack named Monster Kingdom was released on January 11, 2011 for PC and in mid-January, 2011 for Mac OS X.
A collection of the three expansion packs plus Majesty 2, named "Majesty 2 Collection", was released by Paradox on April 19, 2011 for PC.
An unofficial expansion pack named Cold Sunrise was released on November 16, 2011 for PC.
Reception
Majesty 2 received mixed to mostly positive reviews, with a Metacritic average of 72%, and scores ranging from 50% to 88%.
IncGamers enjoyed the game, saying it was "lots of fun, remains true to the original and has some great new features." They only bemoaned the "lack of [a] freestyle mode."
IT Reviews said that "there's some initial enjoyment to be garnered here, [but] developing your heroes and coaxing them around soon starts to feel like a chore. The missions become repetitive, despite the constant drip-feed of new buildings and heroes, and we found the whole experience less than Majestic in the end."
PC Gamer magazine in the UK agreed, stating that Majesty 2 is "an intriguing spanner in the strategy game works, but one that causes too many malfunctions to justify its existence."
GameSpot critiques it, citing "Repetitive, formulaic missions" giving it a 6.5 out of 10.
Majesty Mobile
Mobile "Majesty: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim" is developed and published by HeroCraft and released on January 20, 2011.
Sequels
A sequel stand alone game, Defenders of Ardania, was released on March 14 of 2012. The gameplay is very different from either of its predecessors, having switched genres to tower defense/offense.
References
External links
Official website
Paradox Interactive - Majesty 2: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim
2009 video games
1C Company games
Fantasy video games
Games for Windows certified games
MacOS games
Real-time strategy video games
Video game sequels
Video games developed in Russia
Video games with expansion packs
Windows games
Paradox Interactive games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Georg Pfotzer (29 November 1909 – 24 July 1981) was a German physicist.
He was a student of Erich Regener in the 1930s and worked with Regener to investigate cosmic rays by using balloons to carry scientific instruments such as Geiger counters to the upper atmosphere. The terms Pfotzer curve and Pfotzer maximum, relating to the distribution of charged particles in the atmosphere resulting from cosmic rays, are named after him. It has been suggested that this is misleading, as Regener was the principal investigator, but he was persecuted and forced to resign during the Nazi era as his wife was of Jewish ancestry.
He was director of the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research between 1965 and 1977.
External links
Helmut Rosenbauer: Nachruf für Professor Dr.-Ing. Georg Pfotzer (29. 11. 1909 - 24. 7. 1981) in Physikalische Blätter
Publications
Regener, E. and Pfotzer, G.: Messungen der Ultrastrahlung in der oberen Atmosphäre mit dem Zählrohr (in German), Phys. Zeit. 35, 779–784, 1934.
Regener E. and Pfotzer, G.: Intensity of the Cosmic Ultra-Radiation in the Stratosphere with the Tube-Counter, Nature, 134, 325–325, 1935
References
20th-century German physicists
1909 births
1981 deaths
Cosmic ray physicists
The Nebula Award for Best Script was given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) for science fiction or fantasy scripts for movies or television episodes. Awards are also given out for published literary works in the novel, novella, novelette, and short story categories. The Nebula Award for Best Script was awarded annually from 1974 through 1978, and from 2000 through 2009. It was presented under several names; in 1974, 1975, and 1977 the award was for Best Dramatic Presentation, while in 1976 the award was for Best Dramatic Writing. The award was discontinued in 2010 and replaced with The Ray Bradbury Award for Outstanding Dramatic Presentation; this award, though not a Nebula, is presented at the Nebula Awards Ceremony and follows Nebula rules and procedures. The Nebula Awards have been described as one of "the most important of the American science fiction awards" and "the science-fiction and fantasy equivalent" of the Emmy Awards.
Selection process
Nebula Award nominees and winners are chosen by members of the SFWA, though the authors of the nominees do not need to be a member. Works are nominated each year between November 15 and February 15 by published authors who are members of the organization, and the six works that receive the most nominations then form the final ballot, with additional nominees possible in the case of ties. Members may then vote on the ballot throughout March, and the final results are presented at the Nebula Awards ceremony in May. Authors are not permitted to nominate their own works, and ties in the final vote are broken, if possible, by the number of nominations the works received. Beginning with the 2009 awards, the rules were changed to the current format. Prior to then, the eligibility period for nominations was defined as one year after the publication date of the work, which allowed the possibility for works to be nominated in the calendar year after their publication and then reach the final ballot in the calendar year after that. Works were added to a preliminary ballot for the year if they had ten or more nominations, which were then voted on to create a final ballot, to which the SFWA organizing panel was also allowed to add an additional work.
Award statistics
During the 15 nomination years, 14 awards for Best Script have been given, including the special award given to Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope in 1978 but not including 1977, since no nominee was given the award. No winner was declared that year as "no award" received the highest number of votes. With three awards The Lord of the Rings film trilogy earned the most awards or nominations of any franchise. The Christopher Nolan Batman movies, Battlestar Galactica, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and Doctor Who franchises have each had two nominations, but no wins. Hayao Miyazaki, Christopher Nolan, Joss Whedon, and The Lord of the Rings screenwriters have had the most nominations, with three each.
Winners and nominees
In the following table, the years correspond to the date of the ceremony, rather than when the work was first released. Entries with a blue background and an asterisk (*) next to the writer's name have won the award; those with a white background are the other nominees on the shortlist. Entries with a gray background and a plus sign (+) mark a year when "no award" was selected as the winner.
* Winners and joint winners
+ No winner selected
See also
Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation
Ray Bradbury Award for Outstanding Dramatic Presentation
Notes
References
External links
Nebula Awards official site
Script
Awards established in 1974
Awards disestablished in 2010
Robert Cannon "Robin" Hayes (born August 14, 1945) is an American politician and businessman from North Carolina. A member of the Republican Party, he represented North Carolina's 8th congressional district in the House of Representatives from 1999 to 2009, and was the Republican nominee for Governor of North Carolina in 1996. Hayes served as chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party from 2011 to 2013, and from 2016 to 2019. Accused in a bribery scheme in 2019, Hayes pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI. On January 20, 2021, Hayes was pardoned by President Donald Trump.
Early life, education, and early political career
Hayes was born in Concord, North Carolina, to Mariam Winslow (née Cannon) and Robert Griffith Hayes Jr. His great-grandfather James William Cannon founded the Cannon Mills Corporation, a Kannapolis-based textile company that was later run by his grandfather Charles Albert Cannon. He is also a descendant of Abraham Owen, a military officer killed at the Battle of Tippecanoe.
Hayes graduated from Duke University. He was elected to the Concord city council in 1978 and to the North Carolina House of Representatives in 1992 where he served two terms. He was the Republican nominee for governor in 1996, but was handily defeated by Democratic incumbent Jim Hunt. Hayes owns a hosiery mill in Mount Pleasant, North Carolina.
U.S. House of Representatives
Elections
1998–2000
Hayes ran for Congress in 1998 after 12-term incumbent Democrat Bill Hefner announced his retirement. He narrowly defeated Democrat Mike Taylor, winning 51%–48% with a gap of only 3,400 votes. In 2000, he defeated Taylor in a rematch 55%–44%.
2002–2004
Even though a large chunk of its population is located in the conservative-leaning eastern suburbs of Charlotte, the 8th has long been considered marginally Democratic due to a strong Democratic presence in the eastern portion of the district closer to Fayetteville. After the 2000 Census, the Democratic-controlled North Carolina General Assembly made the 8th considerably more Democratic than before. It shifted the heavily Republican western portion of Union County to the Charlotte-based 9th District. In its place, it added a heavily Democratic tendril in Mecklenburg County to the 8th, stretching from the far northeastern portion of Charlotte almost to Matthews.
In 2002, he defeated Democrat Chris Kouri 54%–45%. In 2004, he defeated Democrat Beth Troutman 56%–45%.
2006
In 2006, however, Hayes was nearly defeated by Democrat Larry Kissell, a social studies teacher and former textile worker from Montgomery County. Each man won approximately 50% of the vote, making it one of the closest elections in the country. At the end, Kissell conceded defeat to Hayes after a recount; Hayes officially won the election by 329 votes. This was especially stunning since Kissell received little help from his national party until late in the campaign. Although Hayes only won three of the district's nine counties, a 6,100-vote margin in his native Cabarrus County was enough to keep him in office.
2008
In 2008, Hayes again faced Kissell. CQ Politics rated it as 'No Clear Favorite', The Rothenberg Political Report as 'Toss-Up/Tilt Democratic', and The Cook Political Report as 'Republican Toss Up'
The Sunlight Foundation reported that as of 2008, among the 435 members of the U.S. House of Representatives, Hayes had the highest amount of investment in oil stocks.
Hayes came under fire late in the campaign for his comments at a rally for John McCain. On October 18, 2008, at a McCain rally, Hayes began his remarks by saying it was important to "make sure we don't say something stupid, make sure we don't say something we don't mean." He then accused Obama of "inciting class warfare" and said that "liberals hate real Americans that work and accomplish and achieve and believe in God." Hayes repeatedly denied that he had made the statement and accused reporters of "irresponsible journalism", until an audio recording attesting to the statement was released. A few days later at a debate hosted by the Concord and Kannapolis Independent Tribune, Hayes denied that he denied the statement, saying he was denying only the context of how the remarks were presented to him.
Kissel defeated him 55%–45%.
Tenure
Hayes is a staunch advocate of a federal prohibition of online poker. In 2006, he cosponsored H.R. 4777, the Internet Gambling Prohibition Act.
CAFTA and Trade Act
Hayes vacillated on the Central American Free Trade Agreement, which came before the House in 2005. In the weeks before the vote, Hayes stated that he was "flat-out, completely, horizontally opposed to CAFTA" because he felt it would cause further loss of textile industry jobs in his district. Hayes first voted "no" but changed to "yes" at the last minute after he was lobbied by Republican House leadership (specifically House Speaker Dennis Hastert) and textile executives, who favored CAFTA. Hayes said that he had won concessions from the George W. Bush administration on certain textile issues. The final tally was 217–215 with Hayes casting the deciding "yes" vote (a tie would have defeated the motion).
Hayes played a similar role in the passage of the Trade Act of 2002, which shifted some trade agreement authority from Congress to the President. Though Hayes had said "We're a definite 'no' until we get some help on textiles," he was lobbied hard by the White House and congressional leadership to vote for the measure. Hayes waited until the last minute before voting "yes," and broke down in tears on the floor of the House.
NASCAR vaccine scare
In October 2007, it was revealed that House Homeland Security officials were "advised" to take vaccines before attending a NASCAR race in Concord, North Carolina. Hayes "took umbrage" when he heard about it and immediately defended the Charlotte Motor Speedway in his district and NASCAR fans nationwide. The uproar lasted for days and was covered on all major news outlets.
Committee assignments
Agriculture Committee
Subcommittee on Conservation, Credit, Energy, and Research
Subcommittee on Livestock, Dairy, and Poultry (Ranking Member)
Subcommittee on Specialty Crops, Rural Development and Foreign Agriculture
Armed Services Committee
Readiness Subcommittee
Terrorism and Unconventional Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee
Subcommittee on Aviation
Subcommittee on Highways and Transit
Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment
Assistant Whip
Founding Co-Chairman of the Special Operations Forces Caucus
Co-Chairman of the Philanthropy Caucus
North Carolina Republican Party chairmanship
On January 15, 2011, Hayes was elected chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party. He completed the term of former Raleigh mayor Tom Fetzer, who decided to leave the post before his term expired. Hayes then served a full two-year term, and after the Republicans' successful 2012 election, he chose not to run for another term in 2013. In 2016, state Republicans removed their chairman, Hasan Harnett, and elected Hayes to return to the position.
Bribery charge
On March 18, 2019, a federal grand jury in the Western District of North Carolina indicted Hayes on charges of conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud, bribery, and three counts of making false statements to federal authorities. According to the indictment, Hayes coordinated with businessman Greg Lindberg and two other individuals in an attempt to bribe Mike Causey, the North Carolina Commissioner of Insurance, in exchange for favorable treatment of Lindberg's insurance firm and the dismissal of a deputy insurance commissioner. Lindberg was found guilty and sentenced to seven years in prison.
The indictment remained sealed until April 2, when Hayes appeared in court to plead not guilty. The following day he said that he would let other Republicans assume responsibility for managing the North Carolina Republican Party until its officer elections in June. Hayes kept the title of chairman until the new elections. At their annual convention in June, North Carolina Republican Party members elected a new chairman, Michael Whatley. Hayes pleaded guilty to lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation on October 2, 2019. President Donald Trump pardoned him on January 20, 2021.
References
External links
Robin Hayes for Congress official campaign site
Profile at SourceWatch
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1945 births
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
American Presbyterians
Candidates in the 1996 United States elections
Duke University alumni
Living people
Members of the North Carolina House of Representatives
North Carolina city council members
People from Concord, North Carolina
Recipients of American presidential pardons
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from North Carolina
State political party chairs of North Carolina
North Carolina politicians convicted of crimes
La Grange Nunataks () is a scattered group of nunataks extending west for from the mouth of Gordon Glacier, on the north side of the Shackleton Range, Antarctica. They were first mapped in 1957 by the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (CTAE), and were photographed in 1967 by U.S. Navy aircraft. They were named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Johannes J. La Grange, a South African meteorologist with the CTAE.
Features
Geographical features include:
Butterfly Knoll
Mathys Bank
Morris Hills
Mount Beney
Mount Etchells
The Dragons Back
True Hills
Wiggans Hills
References
Nunataks of Coats Land
Alkhadzhakent (; , Alxocagent) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Alkhadzhakentsky Selsoviet, Kayakentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,411 as of 2010. There are 25 streets.
Geography
Alkhadzhakent is located 23 km southwest of Izberbash. Mamaaul and Usemikent are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Kumyks live there.
Famous residents
Sheykh Ismailov (Doctor of Biological Sciences)
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
Trương Gia Bình (born 1956 in Nghệ An Province) is a Vietnamese businessman. He is best known as the co-founder, chairman and CEO of the Vietnamese technology company FPT Corporation. Bình is also the vice president of The Asian-Oceanian Computing Industry Organization (ASOCIO), Chairman of Vietnam Software Association (VINASA).
Early life
Trương Gia Bình was born on 1956 in Nghệ An Province. His father, Truong Gia Tho, was a doctor in Hanoi. Binh attended Chu Van An high school in Vietnam, and then went to the Soviet Union for college. He graduated from the Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics, Lomonosov Moscow State University in 1978. He obtained his PhD in 1982 from the same university. In 1991, Bình was recognized as an associate professor by the State of Vietnam.
Career
On September 13, 1988, Bình and 12 Vietnamese scientists founded the Food Processing Technology company, the predecessor of FPT. He became the head of the Corporation for Financing and Promoting Technology, Vietnam's earliest information technology firm, in 1990.
In March 2002, after the equitization of FPT, Bình became the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of FPT Corporation. Afterwards, he led the firm in its expansion from its origins as an internet service provider to other areas such as software outsourcing for Japanese companies.
In 2006, his company opened FPT University, Vietnam's first private university; he also took up a position as the chairman of its managing board. He is speculated to be the richest person in Vietnam; as of January 2007, the value of his stake in FPT alone is VND2.6 trillion (US$164 million; 5,117,280 shares at VND525,000), according to the company's own prospectus. Bình himself is reportedly "tired" of the rumours.
On July 16, 2012, Trương Gia Bình was appointed to a member of the National Council for Sustainable Development and Competitiveness Building. The council, chaired by Vietnam's Deputy Prime Minister Nguyễn Thiện Nhân, is tasked with developing strategies and key policies to set orientations and a legal framework for the country's sustainable development in the next decade.
Personal life
Trương Gia Bình was first married to Vo Hanh Phuc. She is the daughter of General Võ Nguyên Giáp, a Vietnam People's Army general and politician. Giáp was VPA's Commander-in-Chief (1944–1976), Minister of Defence (1946–1980), deputy prime minister (1954–1991). Being the deputy prime minister in charge of science and technology from 1982 to 1991, Giáp lent a lot of help to Bình in founding FPT.
The couple had one daughter.
Honors and public recognition
In February 2010, Bình was voted by the Post Newspaper, the voice of the Ministry of Information & Communications and ICT journalists from over 30 popular newspapers in Vietnam as one of the Vietnam's Top 10 ICT Persons of the Decade (2000–2009).
In 2013, Trương Gia Bình was awarded Nikkei Asia Prize 2013. Dr. Trương is the first Vietnamese entrepreneur to be honored by Nikkei Inc. in 18 years. Bình received the award in the category of regional growth for having contributed to the development of his own company but also to the development of IT business in Vietnam. He set up a software industry organization and a university to foster IT experts.
References
Living people
Vietnamese businesspeople
Vietnamese expatriates in the Soviet Union
1956 births
Winners of the Nikkei Asia Prize
Rémy Pagani (born 21 April 1954) is a Swiss politician. He is a member of À gauche toute! Genève and served as the mayor of Geneva from 1 June 2009 to 3 May 2010. Pagani served as mayor of Geneva for a second time from 1 June 2012 to 31 May 2013.
Biography
Pagani was born on 21 April 1954 in Geneva.
See also
Politics of Switzerland
References
External links
Rémy Pagani — ville-geneve.ch
Living people
1954 births
Mayors of Geneva
Robert Damian Ellis (born 13 February 1962) is a producer, arranger, instrumentalist and composer. He is best known for his work with PJ Harvey, with whom he has been most closely associated as producer, arranger and musician since 1990.
His own compositional work, which could be described as being something akin to contemporary classical music, has been released on six recordings, three under the name Spleen and three under his own name: Music for the home (2000) and Music for the home - Volume 2 (2004) for The Leaf Label, and The Nostalgia Machine for KPM.
He has also worked as producer/arranger and musician for such artists as Marianne Faithfull, Robyn Hitchcock, ex-Ash guitarist Charlotte Hatherley, Madrugada, Laika, Swell, Placebo, ex-Tricky singer Martina Topley-Bird, Scott Walker and Ute Lemper, Cold Specks and most recently Anna Calvi, Bat for Lashes, Torres,
deux furieuses and The Blinders.
Discography
Solo
Music for the Home (2000)
Music for the Home - Volume 2 (2004)
The Nostalgia Machine (2020)
With PJ Harvey
Dry (1992)
Rid of Me (1993)
Is This Desire? (1998)
Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea (2000)
Uh Huh Her (2004)
The Peel Sessions 1991–2004 (2006)
With Spleen
Soundtrack to Spleen (1996)
Little Scratches (1998)
Nun Lover! (2006)
References
1962 births
Living people
English rock drummers
English multi-instrumentalists
British record producers
English record producers
Laika (band) members
Musicians from Bristol
Footsbarn Theatre is a touring theatre company established in 1971.
History
Footsbarn started life in London, in the United Kingdom in 1970) at the Drama Studio. It was an abstract idea that materialised when Oliver Foot and [[Andrew Simon
]] met at the Drama Studio in 1968. They worked on a production of Samuel Beckett's Endgame. It began as a student production supervised by Peter Layton at the Putney Institute. Endgame was reprised in October 1970. The first Foot's Barn production was at the St Mary Abbot Theatre in Kensington. The Foot family had no connection with the Cornish barn that the company moved to in 1971. The name Foot was first referred to in the London Evening Standard when Oliver announced his marriage to Nancy Bruce. During the interview Oliver was asked what his future plans were. He announced the theatre company and its upcoming production. What's the company called he was asked. It had no name at the time and discussions about the name were ongoing. Oliver blurted out Foot's Barn. Barn was a title Andrew had not favoured. To compound the situation Oliver's brother Paul, the investigative journalist with Private Eye, had been adamant that the family name should not be used. So the name Footsbarn Theatre was born out of panic. Endgame put down the marker for Footsbarn's distinctive style. Ian Watson of South West Arts, Alan Ayckbourn's biographer, said it was the best piece of theatre he'd experienced. It was the reason why Footsbarn were given their original grant. It seems that without Mr Beckett's play Footsbarn would not exist.
The ensemble played in various British venues, including the 1979 Glastonbury Festival. "Footsbarn Travelling Theatre" left Britain in 1981 to tour the world. The company has produced more than 60 plays and have travelled to all six continents. In 1991, the troupe bought a farm called "La Chaussée" in the Allier department of the Auvergne in Central France and have since based their work there. Footsbarn performs in a custom built Theatre Tent. "La Chaussée" is Footsbarn's production centre with studios, rehearsal spaces and offices. Public workshops and performances are presented throughout the year.
External links
Footsbarn Theatre website
Theatre companies in the United Kingdom
Theatre companies in France
Organisations based in Cornwall
Cornish culture
Hippolyte Schouppe was a Belgian rower. He competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris with the men's eight where they were eliminated in the round one repechage.
References
External links
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Belgian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Belgium
Rowers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
20th-century Belgian people
Passion is the eleventh studio album by Murray Head. It was released on October 8, 2002.
Track listing
All songs composed by Murray Head unless noted.
"Say It Ain't So, Joe" - 4:29
"Never Even Thought" - 4:38
"Mademoiselle" - 4:07
"Dearest Anne" (Jean Claude Dequeant, Murray Head, Yves Simon) - 2:00
"Hesitation Blues" (Rev. Gary Davis) - 3:12
"I'm Losing You" (John Lennon) - 3:31
"Comme des enfants qui jouent" (Head, Luc Plamondon) - 5:11
"Little Bit of Loving" - 4:21
"Affair Across a Crowded Room" - 4:12
"Sorry, I Love You" - 4:17
"Make It Easy" - 3:20
"When I'm Yours" - 4:02
"Ruthie" - 3:22
"Grace" - 3:43
External links
[ Passion] at Allmusic
Murray Head albums
2002 albums
The following is a list of international bilateral treaties between Australia and Austria
Before 1948, treaties with Austria were extended to Australia by the British Empire, however they are still generally in force.
Earlier treaties are from the Austria-Hungary Empire
Later treaties with the European Union (not included)
References
Treaties of Australia
Treaties of Austria
Duingen is a village and a municipality in the district of Hildesheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 25 km southwest of Hildesheim, and 40 km south of Hanover. Since 1 November 2016, the former municipalities Coppengrave, Hoyershausen, Marienhagen and Weenzen are part of the municipality Duingen.
Duingen was the seat of the former Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") Duingen.
References
Hildesheim (district)
Roteb was a city cleaning company which was in service of the City of Rotterdam and tried to make sure that the streets and squares of the city are kept tidy and they also offered waste management services. Later Roteb only leased vehicles, like city cleaning and waste management (Reiniging) this is now taken care of by the municipality as Vervoer & Materieel.
The acronym Roteb stood for Reiniging (cleaning), Ontsmetting (Desinfecting), Transport (Transport) and Brandweer (Fire Department). The Fire Department separated from ROTEB in 1972.
Roteb was founded in 1876 as the Rotterdamsche reinigingsdienst (Rotterdam cleaning service). It was dissolved in October 2019.
External links
Gemeente Rotterdam - Reiniging
Gemeente Rotterdam - Vervoer & Materieel
Roteb history, Engelfriet.net
Roteb Purifying Plant, MIMOA architecture site
Roteb werkt over voor sneeuwvrij Rotterdam (meaning: Roteb works overtime for (a) snow-free Rotterdam), De Pers, 23 December 2009
Waste management companies of the Netherlands
Companies based in Rotterdam
Yang Guang (, born 11 May 1984) is a Chinese ski jumper who competed in the Ski jumping (large hill team) event at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
References
1984 births
Living people
Ski jumpers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Olympic ski jumpers of China
Skiers from Jilin
Chinese male ski jumpers
People from Tonghua
Ski jumpers at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Ski jumpers at the 2017 Asian Winter Games
Fiona O'Driscoll is a camogie player, winner of the National Camogie Player of the Year award in 2002 and a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the Star awards, in 2003 and six All Ireland medals in 1993, 1995, 1997, 1998, 2002 and 2003.
Career
For much of her career she was free-taker and led the Cork attack. In the 2002 final she scored 3–2 against Tipperary. She won eight National League medals including seven-in-a-row between 1995 and 2001 and another in 2003. She scored 2-7 of Cork's 3-7 total in the 2000 final.
Football
She was a member of the All-Stars Football Team in 1995.
Ashbourne career
She played on the University of Limerick team that won Ashbourne Cup titles in 2004 and 2005. She played on three O'Connor Cup UL Football winning teams from 1993 to 1995.
Coach
She coached Cork to successful 2005 and 2006 All Ireland final against Tipperary and in their unsuccessful 2007 All Ireland final against Galway, becoming the first female Coach to all-Ireland camogie winners in over 20 years.
Administration
She was chair of National CCIA (the |Higher Education committee of the Camogie Association) 1995-1998 and Chairperson of the National Camogie Coaching and Development Committee (2006–2008).
References
Living people
Cork camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cork ladies' Gaelic footballers
Dual camogie–football players
Alumni of the University of Limerick
UL GAA camogie players
Müren, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The 11th Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 11වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1982 Sinhala cinema on October 1, 1983, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. Minister of State Anandatissa de Alwis was the chief guest at the awards night.
The film Yasa Isuru won the most awards with seven.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1983 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Joaquín Espert Pérez-Caballero (born 11 September 1938) is a Spanish politician and former President of La Rioja between 1987 and 1990.
References
Presidents of La Rioja (Spain)
People's Alliance (Spain) politicians
People's Party (Spain) politicians
Living people
1938 births
A tangent, in geometry, is a straight line through a point on a curve that has the same direction at that point as the curve.
Tangent may also refer to:
Mathematics
Analogous concepts for surfaces and higher-dimensional smooth manifolds, such as the tangent space
More generally, in geometry, two curves are said to be tangent when they intersect at a given point and have the same direction at that point; see for instance tangent circles
Bitangent, a line that is tangent to two different curves, or tangent twice to the same curve
The tangent function, one of the six basic trigonometric functions
Music
Tangent (clavichord), a part of the action of the clavichord that both initiates and sustains a tone, and helps determine pitch
Tangent (tangent piano), a part of the action of the tangent piano that only initiates the sound by striking the string(s) and rebounding immediately in the manner of a piano
The Tangent, an international progressive rock supergroup
Tangents: The Tea Party Collection, a compilation album from The Tea Party released in 2000.
Tangents: 1973–1983, a compilation box set from Tangerine Dream released in 1994.
Tangents (band), an Australian musical group
Entertainment
Tangent Comics, a short-lived imprint of DC Comics
"The Tangent Universe", the alternate universe in time travel in the cult film Donnie Darko
Tangent (Stargate SG-1), an episode of the television series Stargate SG-1
Tangents (film) or Time Chasers, a 1994 science fiction film
Tangents (collection), a collection of science fiction stories by Greg Bear
Geography
Tangent, Alberta, a hamlet in Alberta, Canada
Tangent, Oregon, a city in Linn County, Oregon, United States
The Tangent Line, part of the Mason-Dixon line between Delaware and Maryland, United States
Tangente River, a tributary of the Wawagosic River, in Quebec, Canada
Other uses
Tangent (club), an international social networking group for women over 45, part of the Round Table family
Track transition curve, a straight section of road or track in highway and railroad design
Mathematics disambiguation pages
Meitei mythology or Manipuri mythology () is a collection of myths, belonging to the religious and cultural traditions of the Meitei people, the predominant ethnic group of Manipur. It is associated with traditional Meitei religion (Sanamahism). Meitei myths are a part of Meitei culture (Manipuri culture) and explain various natural phenomena, how the human civilization developed, and the reasons of many things happening. Most of the Meitei legends are found in the Meitei language (Manipuri language) texts.
Textual sources
Mythical narration plays an integral role in nearly every genre of Meitei literature (Manipuri literature). Some of the best known literary sources are:
Mythical beings
Mythical beings include gods, goddesses, mythical creatures and many others.
References
Asian mythology
Meitei mythology
Sino-Tibetan mythology
Lovers and Friends is an American soap opera that aired on NBC from January 3 to May 6, 1977. When the show didn't catch on immediately, NBC put the show on hiatus for seven months, and then brought it back on December 6, 1977 as a retooled show with the title For Richer, For Poorer'. The show continued on until it came to an end on September 29, 1978.
The show was created by Harding Lemay and Paul Rauch, who were both also working for the daytime drama Another World. Lovers and Friends was not a spinoff or an indirect spin-off of the former series; however, it did take the place of the direct Another World spinoff, Somerset, on the NBC schedule upon its premiere. None of the show's characters came from Another World, nor did any of that show's characters appear on it until it became For Richer, For Poorer.
History
Lovers and Friends (January–May 1977)
The show was set in the fictional Chicago suburb of Point Clair, Illinois, and focused on the trials and tribulations of two neighboring families, the wealthy Cushings and the middle class Saxtons. Point Clair was a highly wealthy suburb, allegedly modeled after the real life community of Lake Forest, Illinois, the wealthiest of the North Shore suburbs in the Chicago Metropolitan area.
The Cushings were Richard Cushing (Ron Randell), a successful stockbroker who owned a brokerage house called Cushing and Sons, who also had an affair with his secretary, Barbara Manners; his proper and high society wife, Edith (Nancy Marchand, Laurinda Barrett), who stayed in the marriage, even though she knew about and tended to tolerate Richard's infidelity; their college aged son, Austin (Rod Arrants) who was an alcoholic due to his inability to be an artist and finding out his girlfriend, Laurie Brewster was sent to Europe by her mother to break up their relationship; and their daughter, Megan (Patricia Estrin; Darlene Parks) who was unhappily engaged to wealthy and stuffy Desmond Hamilton (David Knapp). She was engaged to him, because she felt that was what was prudent for her upbringing and she feared defying her mother.
Also living with and offering some sage, down-to-earth advice and also a touch of humor to the often stuffy Cushing home was Edith's mother, Sophia Slocum (Margaret Barker). It was Sophia, who wasn't constrained by wealth or societal pretensions, who counseled Megan to look into her heart and to marry for love, and not for money or societal propriety, the way she and Edith had. These words of advice from Sophia helped Megan to break off her unhappy engagement.
The Cushing's new neighbors were the Saxtons, who were newcomers to Point Clair. The father, Lester (John Heffernan; Albert Stratton) was a former factory worker and alcoholic, who had recently acquired a higher paying job as a warehouse supervisor, thanks to the help of his married daughter, Eleanor Kimball (Flora Plumb) and her husband, wealthy attorney, George Kimball (Stephen Joyce), which also allowed them to purchase the house next door to the Cushings in Point Clair.
He was married to the compassionate Josie (Patricia Englund) and was the father of four other children, besides Eleanor, the oldest daughter. Rhett (Bob Purvey, David Ramsey, Tom Happer), the oldest son, a professional photographer who had been engaged to longtime girlfriend, Connie Ferguson (Susan Foster, Cynthia Bostick) until he fell in love with his neighbor Megan Cushing; Jason (Richard Backus) who was somewhat conniving and scheming, always wanting to get ahead, but always meant well; youngest brother, Bentley (David Abbott) and youngest sister, Tessa (Vicky Dawson; Breon Gorman). Both Bentley and Tessa, who were in high school, felt out of place in wealthy Point Clair, and longed to return to Hammond, their former neighborhood in Chicago. In fact, of the siblings, Rhett, Jason and Ellie (as Eleanor was called) were all in approval of the move.
Also living with the Saxtons was their cousin Amy Gifford (Christine Jones), who had fallen in love with Austin Cushing. (Christine Jones brought the Amy Gifford character from Another World, hence the ties to Lovers and Friends. Jones would later return to Another World as Steve Frame's sister, Janice.)
The Saxtons had moved to Point Clair on the very same day that Edith had thrown an engagement party for Megan and Desmond. She was absolutely appalled at the fact that a new family had moved into the house that the Brewsters once owned, and she was upset at Viola for selling it to the Saxtons in the first place. She made it her mission to keep the lower-class Saxtons out of her family, but her efforts were for naught.
The only member of the Cushings, at first, who made them feel welcome, was Sophia, who was a lot more friendly than her snobbish daughter was. After an initial bad impression, Austin and Megan became more friendly with their new neighbors and would often spend more time at their house, because they felt more at ease with the Saxtons than at their own home. Sophia, who herself became a frequent visitor to the Saxton home and became friendly with all of them, became a grandmotherly figure to the youngest Saxton daughter, Tessa.
Alcoholic Austin turned to his next-door neighbor, Lester Saxton, (after his grandmother, Sophia, had confided to him about Austin's troubles) who had been through the same situations that Austin was going through, for guidance; and with his support and help, stayed off the booze and faced his problems in Point Clair. Richard had wanted Austin to go into a wealthy sanitarium to dry out, but he impressed his father by taking responsibility for his actions and remained in town to deal with his troubles, being helped along by Lester and Amy, who became his support system. This allowed Richard to become a lot more friendly with the Saxtons, although he knew that would anger his wife, Edith.
Both families were astonished though, when Rhett and Megan announced their engagement. The only one, besides Rhett and Megan, who was happy about the engagement was Sophia, who was enthused that Megan had followed her advice and fell for someone she loved and not married for money or society's approval.
For Richer, For Poorer (December 1977–September 1978)
When the show was retooled into For Richer, For Poorer, several major changes had occurred. The show's setting was still Point Clair; Rhett's name was changed to Bill and he did marry Megan; Edith Cushing's husband Richard died, leaving her a widow; the Cushings and Saxtons, although they were now related due to Bill and Megan's marriage, were no longer neighbors; and Amy Gifford married Austin Cushing. Edith had also done a complete about-face in her relations with the Saxtons, as she was now much more friendly to them than she was in the previous incarnation.
Also in the story, in both versions of the show, was the Brewster family, whose house the Saxtons had bought when they moved to Point Clair, mother Viola (Patricia Barry) and her daughter, Laurie (Julia MacKenzie). Viola and Edith used to be friends, until she sold her house to the Saxtons, angering Edith.
Despite his marriage to Megan, Bill's former fiancee, Connie Ferguson, announced that she was pregnant; the father was never revealed, but it was rumored to be Bill's.
Despite the changes to the storyline, For Richer, For Poorer suffered from low ratings in its time slot. NBC announced the cancellation of the program in the summer of 1978; the final episode would air on September 29 of that year. The Monday after For Richer, For Poorer aired its last episode, The Hollywood Squares would occupy the show's timeslot; however, in January 1979, the network opted to move Days of Our Lives to occupy the 1:00 p.m. Eastern hour in an attempt to compete against All My Children, which had easily beaten For Richer, Poor Poorer in the ratings.
Title sequences
When the series premiered as Lovers and Friends, the opening titles showed two large houses on a suburban street side by side, supposedly to show the Cushing house and the Saxton house as neighbors to one another. The program's title was then shown in script over the picture of the two houses.
When it was rebranded as For Richer, For Poorer'', the titles were changed. It showed a road with two different worlds, on the left was a leafy suburban neighborhood and on the right was an urban Chicago neighborhood. Meeting in the middle were a young couple (supposedly Megan Cushing and Bill Saxton) kissing, showing that their worlds were united. The title zoomed out and above the title, a rainbow was shown.
Famous alumni
Notable stars from the series who went on to greater fame in either daytime or primetime series, were Rod Arrants (who married his co-star, Patricia Estrin), Nancy Marchand, Patricia Barry, Christine Jones, Margaret Barker, Nancy Snyder, John Heffernan, and Patricia Englund.
References
External links
1977 American television series debuts
1978 American television series endings
American television soap operas
Television series by Procter & Gamble Productions
Television shows set in Illinois
NBC original programming
English-language television shows
Jean-Luc Perrot (born 23 May 1959 in Moulins, Allier, in Central France) is a French organist, carillonneur, composer and musicologist.
Biography
Jean-Luc Perrot is agrégé of musicology, Doctor of literature and arts (musicology), lecturer at the École Supérieure du Professorat et de l'Éducation (former IUFM) of Saint-Étienne after being a lecturer at the Jean Monnet University of this same town, where he previously taught organology, accompaniment and free value Arts Lyriques. A pupil of Roland Meillier in piano at the , he studied the pipe organ (an instrument he discovered at the age of 13 in 1972), under the leadership of Michel Chapuis, Jean Boyer, as part of Summer Academies. The holder of the historical organ Callinet (1837) of Notre-Dame in Saint-Étienne, his thesis on L'orgue en France de 1789 à 1860 led him to discover many forgotten sheet music. In January 2013, he was appointed to replace Henri Delorme on the François-Henri Clicquot organ in Souvigny, alongside Madeleine Cordez and Pierre Dubois. He is the author of several articles, analyzes, CD booklets, and historical notices. He also plays the harmonium, the harpsichord and the carillon.
His recordings L'Héritage de l'orgue classique, Suites et versets (on the organ of La Chaise-Dieu), Beauvarlet-Charpentier à Souvigny, Maîtres français du XVIIe à Pommiers en Forez (as harpsichordist), four-handed works on the large organ of the Cathedral of Rodez in the company of Georges Lartigau and recently a CD devoted to the unpublished works of Michel Corrette at La Chaise-Dieu showed his attachment to rare music scores. His last recording on the organ of Villerupt is devoted to a certain number of forgotten Romantic composers (Petrali, Smart, Brosig, La Tombelle, Becker). His concerts have taken him all over France but also in Italy, Poland, Germany, Spain and Canada. He has recently performed several improvisational experiments, notably in long sessions of accompanying silent films.
Alongside his teaching activities (he has deepened pedagogy at the University Institute of Teacher Training and gives many courses and master classes), he founded the Baroque ensemble La Clémence d'Urfé. Jean-Luc Perrot is also a composer: He has written several pages for organ alone and organ with 4 hands, works for choir, carillon, or various formations of chamber music. His first Suite à quatre mains pour l'orgue dans le style français, including in particular a third in size entitled Le tombeau de Georges Cziffra was published by La Sinfonie d'Orphée.
He also gives numerous lectures both in France and abroad, for associations, for the CNRS, or at international conferences (Brussels, Paris, Poland). As a musicologist, his articles were published in the Dictionnaire des musiciens du XIXe siècle, the encyclopedy Die Musik in Geschichte und Gegenwart, and in collaboration with the (Paris-Sorbonne University)
He collaborated in the publication of facsimile works in the series Patrimoine et Mémoire de l'orgue, at éditions Musicreprints (works by Benaut, Miné, Daussoigne-Méhul, Batiste). He is secretary of the Cavaillé-Coll Association.
Jean-Luc Perrot is chevalier in the Ordre des Palmes académiques.
References
External links
Échos de Souvigny 11 centenaire de la Maison de Bourbon, Jean-Luc Perrot aux orgues historiques Clicquot de la priorale de Souvigny YouTube
Jacques Boyvin Pieces from Book 2 : Plein Jeu, Trio, Basse et dessus de Trompette, Fugue, Récit grave, Dialogue en Fugue sans tremblant. François-Henri Clicquot organ from Souvigny YouTube
Édouard Batiste Offertoire op. 40 en si mineur YouTube
The Extraordinary Harmonium of the . An excerpt from a recital with works by Theodore Lack, Louis Vierne and Jacques-Nicolas Lemmens, YouTube
Extraits du Kyrie de la messe Cunctipotens (1531) YouTube
Michel Corrette Offertoire la St-François, sur les orgues Dom Bedos restituées par Pascal Quoirin de l'église Sainte-Croix in Bordeaux YouTube
1959 births
Living people
20th-century French musicologists
21st-century French male musicians
21st-century French musicologists
21st-century organists
Carillonneurs
Chevaliers of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques
Composers for carillon
French classical organists
French composers
French male organists
People from Moulins, Allier
Male classical organists
Punctulini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. Punctulini currently contains 3 genera and 5 species. It is most closely related to Vartini and Magnentiini within Deltocephalinae.
Genera
There are currently 3 described genera in Punctulini:
Hirsutula
Punctulus
Taveunius
References
Deltocephalinae
Moleinidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
References
Nematodes
Sathyameva Jayathe () is a 2000 Indian Malayalam-language action thriller film directed by Viji Thampi. This film's dialogue was written by G A Lal. The film stars Suresh Gopi, Siddique, Aishwarya, Hemanth Ravan, Rajan P Dev, Balachandramenon and Mini Nair. The film had musical score by C. Rajamani and songs by M. Jayachandran. Film was praised for siddique's performance as balu bhai and did well in box office.
Cast
Suresh Gopi as CI Chandrachoodan
Siddique as Balasubhramanyan aka Balu Bhai
Aishwarya as Nancy Mullakkadan
Hemanth Ravan as Musharuf Ibrahim /Bharath Shah
Balachandramenon as Basheer
Mini Nair as Sharada, Basheer's Wife
Rajan P Dev as SSP Thomas Pattimattom IPS, Kochi City Police Commissioner
Maniyanpilla Raju as SI George
N. F. Varghese as Joseph Mullakkadan
Cochin Haneefa as Adv. G Varghese
Salim Kumar as Mattancherry Mammathu, a petty thief
Devan as DCP Mathew Tharakan IPS, Mumbai Police
Spadikam George as Additional Director General
Sadiq as DYSP Ramavarma Thampan
Baburaj as Sivaratna
Kunchan as Police Constable
Nandhu as Police Constable
Krishna Kumar as Reji Mathew
Jagannatha Varma MP Mathan Tharakan
Kollam Thulasi
Bheeman Raghu as Sulaiman
Reena as Nancy's mother
James as Police Constable
Yamuna as George's wife
Prof. Aliyar
Sab John as Yeswanth(terrorist )
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. Jayachandran.
References
External links
2000 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Viji Thampi
Films scored by M. Jayachandran
Llanes (the Concejo de Llanes, Conceyu de Llanes in Asturian language) is a municipality of the province of Asturias, in northern Spain. Stretching for about 30 km along the coast at the extreme east of the province, Llanes is bounded to the south by the high ridge of the limestone Sierra del Cuera, which rises to over 1,100 m. The region is part of the Costa Verde (Green Coast) of Spain, which is known for its spectacular coastal scenery, with 32 white sand beaches, and mountains covered with a deep green mantle. Llanes lies to the north of the Picos de Europa, a mountain range whose geology is almost entirely of limestone karst.
Most of the inhabitants of the district live on the coastal plain, on which the largest town is Llanes itself, with a population of about 4,000 out of the total for the district of about 13,000. The folklore, food, and fiestas of the region are famous for their colour and history.
Town
Llanes is a traditional fishing port, with an active harbour and many notable monuments and traditions;
Parts of the surviving town walls date to 1206 with a medieval Tower of Llanes remaining. There is a romanic-gothic Basilica dedicated to the Virgin Mary. One plaque commemorates the 65 sailors from Llanes who sailed on the three ships it fitted out for the Spanish Armada in 1588 (the Santa Ana, the San Nicolas, and the Santelmo). Another plaque commemorates the September 26, 1517 visits of Emperor Charles V who stayed for two nights, when on his way to Valladolid to be crowned King of Castile.
In the 1990s the landmark old Theatre (Teatro Benevente), built as part of the main bridge over the river, was pulled down.
Llanes economy is boosted by tourists mostly from the rest of Spain in the summer. The town has traditional shops and restaurants, both in and around the town, and the zona de copas is lively at night in summer. Three beaches and a cliff-top walk, the Paseo de San Pedro, add to the coastal atmosphere. Nearby is the Playa de Gulpiyuri.
Parishes
Llanes is divided into 28 parishes:
Andrín
Ardisana
Barro
Caldueñu
Carranzo
Celorio
Cue
Hontoria
La Borbolla
Llanes
Los Callejos
Los Carriles
Malatería
Meré
Naves
Nueva
Parres
Pendueles
Po
Porrúa
Posada de Llanes
Pría
Purón
Rales
San Roque del Acebal
Tresgrandas
Vibaño
Vidiago
Mountains
From all of the district of Llanes the view to the south is dominated by the limestone mountain wall, which rises steeply to 744 m at L'Abá.
The ridge forming the wall shields the view of the higher Sierra del Cuera above, of which the highest point (in Llanes) is La Peña Blanca, 1177 m. Between the two ridges there are hidden valleys, draining into cave systems. The largest of these valleys is La Llosa de Viango. Unlike the heights of the Picos de Europa further to the south, these valleys are green and pastoral. The mountains are part of the Cordillera Cantábrica, which runs across most of the north and northwest of Spain.
From September 6, 1937 to September 22, 1937, 5,000 men of the Republican forces held off over 33,000 Nationalists, in this area, in an epic resistance which became known as the Battle of El Mazuco.
Caves
The district contains numerous caves, including a site of archaeological interest at Nueva, and the Cueva Bolado () near La Pereda which also contains ancient art as well as open passages.
There are also several significant 'wild' cave systems, including
the Bolugo-Caldueñín system under El Mazuco (the Río Belugas, which sinks at () and resurges at )
the Rales system ()
El Cuevón de Pruneda, near Purón ().
These systems were first systematically explored by speleologists from the Oxford University Cave Club and from Speleogroup.
In addition, it is suspected that there is a significant cave system underlying La Llosa de Viango.
Fiestas
In Llanes itself, the patron saint of the town, Nuestra Señora del Conceyu, is celebrated with a Fiesta on 15 August. In addition, there are three big summer Fiestas in the town: 22 July La Magdalena, 16 August San Roque, and 8 September La Guía. These Fiestas are independently organized by three groups, known as "Bandos", with followers in the Llanes population; these have a long and well-known rivalry, and each tries every year to outdo the others and stage the best festivities.
Outside the town, the various parishes and localities in the district celebrate the usual diversity of Fiestas in honour of their patron saints, with emphasis on La Hoguera ("The bonfire"), which consists of the felling of a mountain eucalyptus which is then erected in the village after removing the branches and bark. This is celebrated in several villages, including Celorio, Balmori, and Pancar (where they carry out the entire ritual without the help of their neighbours).
Also famous is the Noche de las Brujas of Barro (a very traditional and popular celebration centred on Asturian mythology), as is the celebration of Santa Ana, the patron saint of Naves, thanks to the free concert given by popular musicians.
Sport
See also
Iglesia de la Virgen de la Guía (Llanes)
References
External links
Llanes official portal
llanes.as
Guide to Llanes
A guide to Asturias in English
A virtual tour of Llanes
LLANESNET Portal sobre Llanes y sus gentes
Ayuntamiento de Llanes
Information about Llanes concejo
Photos about Llanes
Municipalities in Asturias
Shulem Lemmer (born November 6, 1989), known professionally simply as "Shulem," is an American Belz Hasidic singer from Borough Park, Brooklyn, in New York City. He is the first born-and-raised Charedi Jew to sign a major record contract with a leading label, Universal Music Group, under its classical music Decca Gold imprint.
Early life
Lemmer was born and raised in Borough Park, Brooklyn, in New York City. He is a fifth-generation American, from a Hasidic family of the Belz movement. Belz is a town in Galicia, in eastern Europe, where the Belz dynasty originated. Lemmer is the youngest of eight children.
Lemmer studied at the Belzer Cheder in Borough Park, and attended the Mir Yeshiva in Jerusalem, living in Israel for six and a half years. He began performing at small family events when he was 10 years old; when he was 13 his sister Tzippy, who later died at 23 years of age in a car accident a few weeks after she was married, encouraged him to perform on stage at a brother's wedding. His older brother, Yanky, is the cantor in Manhattan's Lincoln Square Synagogue. The Lemmers are second cousins once removed of Harvard Law Prof. Alan Dershowitz.
Before becoming a full-time singer, Lemmer was the director of marketing at a technology firm start-up based in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. He also still works as a cantor during the High Holidays at Congregation Ahavath Torah, a Modern Orthodox synagogue in Englewood, New Jersey.
Musical career
Lemmer is a tenor. He has not had any formal training; he researched vocal training on YouTube and Google, and learned how to perform "on the job". He released an album in 2015 entitled Shulem.
He is the first born-and-raised Hasidic Jew to sign with a major record label, having signed with Universal Music Group under its classical music Decca Gold imprint. Lemmer consults with a team of rabbinic advisors; his contract stipulates that he can refuse a performance for any reason.
In April 2019, Lemmer sang “God Bless America” at Citi Field. He has toured in American and Israeli cities, and sung in London, Krakow, Frankfurt, and Zurich.
The music on his November 2019 major label debut album, The Perfect Dream, is produced by Jon Cohen and accompanied by London's Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. It consists of English, Hebrew, and Yiddish songs, including the Israeli song “Jerusalem of Gold,” and “Bring Him Home” from the Broadway musical “Les Misérables.” The title track of the album, "The Perfect Dream," is an original song written for Lemmer by lyricist Don Black.
During the coronavirus pandemic, Lemmer was recruited by the Department of Health and Human Services to raise awareness about the virus to Orthodox Jewish communities.
On Holocaust Memorial Day, Shulem Lemmer sang at the United Nations.
Discography
Shulem (2017)
The Perfect Dream (2019)
Personal life
Lemmer lives in the North Dover section of Toms River, New Jersey, having moved there with his family in 2017. He is married, and has three children.
In 2019, he was awarded a Jew in the City All-Star Award.
His brother Yaakov Lemmer is a hazzan (cantor) and performing artist who currently serves as Head Cantor of Lincoln Square Synagogue, a Modern Orthodox congregation in New York City. Lemmer and his brother have performed and recorded music together (as "Shulem and Yanky Lemmer"), including a live performance of "Lo Sachmod" with Shira Choir in 2016 and the 2021 studio release "The Man From Vilna'".
References
External links
"Shulem Lemmer singing with Shira, 'Chad Gadyu,'" June 13, 2015
"Yossi Zweig interviews Shulem Lemmer, Simcha Leiner, and Eli Levin," The Lakewood Scoop, January 2020.
Living people
1989 births
American Orthodox Jews
Jewish American musicians
Jewish songwriters
Hasidic entertainers
Yiddish-language singers
Hebrew-language singers
Hasidic singers
People from Borough Park, Brooklyn
People from Toms River, New Jersey
Musicians from Brooklyn
Singer-songwriters from New Jersey
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
Singers from New York City
Mir Yeshiva alumni
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Orthodox pop musicians
Manishajith is an Indian actress who works in Tamil-language films.
Career
Manishajith made her debut with Gambeeram (2004) in which she played Sarath Kumar's daughter. She played a child artist in nearly forty films. She made her debut as a heroine with Nanbargal Kavanathirku starring Sanjeev. In 2015, she starred in Vindhai opposite former child actor Mahendran and the horror film Kamara Kattu. She starred in several low-budget films including Thirappu Vizha, which was based on the TASMAC protests, and Enakku Innum Kalyanam Aagala starring Jagan. In 2020, she portrayed the lead role in the television serial Uyire; howveer, she was replaced by Shree Gopika after she fell unconscious on the sets. In July 2022, her film Kichi Kichi was released, co-starring with television anchor Azhar.
Filmography
All films are in Tamil, unless otherwise noted.
Television
References
External links
Living people
Actresses from Tamil Nadu
Indian film actresses
Actresses in Tamil cinema
21st-century Indian actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
Actresses in Tamil television
Football Club Messina was an Italian football club based in Messina, Sicily, formerly known as S.S.D. Città di Messina and U.S.D. Camaro Messina, and disbanded in 2021.
History
Foundation
The club is the direct heir of U.S.D. Camaro Messina, an amateur football club from the Messina neighbourhood of Camaro that was founded in 1969.
Città di Messina
In 2010 the club was renamed to S.S.D. Città di Messina, as one of the phoenix club of F.C. Messina Peloro.
In the season 2011–12 the team was promoted from Eccellenza Sicily Group B to Serie D after playoffs.
However, they were then relegated twice, and won two straight promotion in 2017 from and 2018 from to find themselves back to Serie D for the 2018–19 Serie D, at the same level with the historical main team in the city, ACR Messina. The club escaped relegation in 2019 after winning a playoff against Locri.
Football Club Messina
In the summer of 2019, the club was acquired by supermarket entrepreneur Rocco Arena, who was also the owner of Spanish club CF Independiente Alicante (heir of Alicante CF).
On 13 July 2019, the Italian Football Federation approved a change name request for the club, which was renamed Football Club Messina, reminiscent of the similar denomination of "Football Club Messina Peloro" club between 1997 and 2008, when they also played at Serie A level.
In the 2020–21 Serie D season, FC Messina ended in second place, behind crosstown rivals ACR Messina. They later won the Serie D Girone I playoffs, defeating Acireale in the semifinal and Gelbison in the final, thus ensuring them the right to be admitted to Serie C in case of a league vacancy.
In July 2021, following Serie D Girone A champions Gozzano's withdrawal, FC Messina applied to be readmitted to Serie C. However, the request to be readmitted was denied by the Lega Pro committee, and successively also on appeal, due to the club's inability to provide a valid surety in time.
The 2021–22 Serie D campaign saw club owner Rocco Arena relinquishing from investing in the club during the season. In December the club released most of its players and failed to show up at two consecutive league games, thus being excluded from the league with immediate effect.
Colors and badge
Its colors are yellow and red. They usually play with blue kit, to avoid getting confused with the principal team of the city, ACR Messina.
Stadium
The club originally played its home games in the old stadium of the city, the 11,900 seater Stadio Giovanni Celeste.
In 2018 the club announced their relocation to the newly rebranded "Despar Stadium" in the outskirts of the city, a football field owned by local amateur football club Camaro. However, as the stadium did not meet the minimum requirements to host Serie D games, Città di Messina is currently using the city's main venue Stadio San Filippo as its home for the beginning of the season.
References
External links
Messina
Messina
Association football clubs established in 1969
Association football clubs disestablished in 2021
1969 establishments in Italy
2021 disestablishments in Italy
Sport in Messina
Ponnu Vilayum Bhoomi () is a 1959 Indian Tamil language film directed by A. Bhimsingh. The film stars Gemini Ganesan and Padmini.
Plot
Nagan is a farmer who owns a fertile farming land in Vayalur. Nagan is an honest and hardworking person who considers his farming land as his temple. Though the land is fertile, at times the yield is not so good. He has a son called Nallaan who is a brave and fearless young lad. Nagan decides to marry Nallaan to a girl called Muthamma. She is a pretty girl who works as a housemaid in the house of a rich man called Balakotinathar. Her father has left her in that position and had run away to Malaysia. Nagan had to borrow money from the rich man Balakotinathar for the wedding ceremony of Nallaan and Muthamma. As the days pass by, Nallaan and Muthamma are blessed with a son. They name him Inban. Nagan is unable to settle the loan. Balakotinathar threatens to sue the family. So, the family decides to abandon the village and migrate to Chennai in search of employment. They hand over their properties in lieu of the loan. Nallan tells Balakotinathar that he will pay the balance money some day and recover the land. Balakotinathar's benevolent wife gives them an amount of money for them to survive in Chennai. However, when the family arrives in Chennai some cheaters take all their money. Left with nothing the family gets dissipated. The child gets lost. Nallaan goes away in search of earning money. Muthamma and Nagan are left alone. How the family is reunited and recovers their land forms the rest of the story.
Cast
Male cast
Gemini Ganesan as Nallan
T. S. Balaiah as Rathnam
J. P. Chandrababu as Samadharmam
S. V. Subbaiah as Nagan
D. Balasubramaniam as Balakodi Mudaliar
Master Sridhar as Husband
Female cast
Padmini as Muthamma
Ragini as Roopa
Sukumari as Kala
Lakshmikantham as Sundari
P. Chandra as Thayamma
K. S. Angamuthu as Gundamma
Support cast
P. K. Satyapal, Rama Rao, M. N. Krishnan, Nellai Azhagiyasundaram, G. N. Mahalingam, Gemini Balu, V. K. Achari, and Nambirajan.
Production
The film was produced by P. K. Sathyapal under the banner Oriental Movies and was directed by A. Bhimsingh who also wrote the screenplay and edited the film. The story and dialogues were penned by Erama. Arangannal. G. Vittal Rao handled the cinematography. Choreography was done by Hiralal, Sohanlal, Chinnilal and Sampath. The film was shot at Newtone and Neptune studios.
Soundtrack
Music was composed by K. H. Reddy while the lyrics were penned by Kannadasan, Pattukkottai Kalyanasundaram, A. Maruthakasi, Thiruchi Thiyagarajan and K. S. Gopalakrishnan. Playback singers are C. S. Jayaraman, T. M. Soundararajan, Sirkazhi Govindarajan, Jikki, K. Jamuna Rani, P. Susheela and S. Janaki. The song "Sollaamathaan Purinjikalaame" and "Ulagam Nappathellaam.... Naattu Nadappu Ellam" did not take place in the film. The title song deals with the plight of farmers.
References
External links
Indian drama films
Films directed by A. Bhimsingh
1950s Tamil-language films
Rhododendron cuneatum (楔叶杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to northern and western Yunnan and southwestern Sichuan in China, where it grows at altitudes of . It is an erect evergreen shrub that grows in height, with leaves that are narrowly to broadly elliptic or oblong-lanceolate, 1–7 × 0.5–2.8 cm in size. The flowers are usually a deep rose colour.
References
W. W. Smith 1914. Notes Roy. Bot. Gard. Edinburgh. 8(38): 200-201
cuneatum
Jack Kerouac Alley, formerly Adler Alley or Adler Place, is a one-way alleyway in San Francisco, California, that connects Grant Avenue in Chinatown, and Columbus Avenue in North Beach. The alley is named after Jack Kerouac, a Beat Generation writer who used to frequent the pub and bookstore adjacent to the alley.
History
The alley had commonly been used for garbage dumping and a shortcut for trucks before poet Lawrence Ferlinghetti, who was the co-founder of City Lights Bookstore, presented his idea in 1988 to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors to transform the alleyway. The project involved repaving the alley, making it a pedestrian walkway, and installing new street lights. The new-look alley was reopened to the public in March 2007 and a ceremony was held in April 2007 to celebrate the reopening. The alley is now known for its engraved Western and Chinese writing, by such writers as John Steinbeck, Maya Angelou, Ferlinghetti, and Kerouac himself.
References
External links
Chinatown, San Francisco
Jack Kerouac
Landmarks in San Francisco
North Beach, San Francisco
Streets in San Francisco
Loango is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States.
History
A post office operated under the name Loango between 1856 and 1907. The maternal great-great-grandparents of Bill Clinton are buried in the Old Loango Cemetery.
Name
The local explanation for the town name, is that it comes from a combination of the words load, and, and go. A more probable source is the Loango Coast and the port of Loango, Republic of Congo, a major source of slaves before the outlawing of the trans-Atlantic slave trade. (See: Louisiana State Penitentiary, also known as Angola.)
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
The Tarlac Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Tarlac.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into three districts, with the first and third districts sending three members each, while the second district sending four members to the provincial board; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Tarlac.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Carlito David (NPC)
References
Politics of Tarlac
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Rwamagana is a district (akarere) in Eastern Province, Rwanda. Its capital is Rwamagana city, which is also the provincial capital.
Sectors
Rwamagana district is divided into 14 sectors (imirenge): Fumbwe, Gahengeri, Gishari, Karenge, Kigabiro, Muhazi, Munyaga, Munyiginya, Musha, Muyumbu, Mwulire, Nyakariro, Nzige and Rubona.
Rwamagana is 'a place of a hundred things' in Kinyarwanda, as it contains the word 'magana' a word meaning 'one-hundred' in many bantu dialects. The district's name 'Rwamagana' was meant to imply a place of abundance.
External links
Rwamagana District government website
Districts of Rwanda
WBTM (1330 AM) is a classic hits formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Danville, Virginia, serving Southern Pittsylvania County in Virginia and Northern Caswell County in North Carolina. WBTM is owned and operated by Piedmont Broadcasting Corporation.
Translator
In addition to the main station, WBTM is relayed by an FM translator to widen its broadcast area.
History
On January 1, 1940, after Lynchburg Broadcasting Corporation gained managerial control of WBTM it began exchanging programs with WLVA in Lynchburg, Virginia, for four hours daily via newly installed lines that connected the two.
References
External links
Big Hits 102.5 and 1330 WBTM Online
1930 establishments in Virginia
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1930
BTM
Strellc i Epërm (in Albanian) or Gornji Streoc (), meaning "Upper Streoc", is a village in the Deçan municipality of western Kosovo, located between Deçan and Pejë along the mountainous border with Albania. The majority of inhabitants are ethnic Albanians.
Geography
The village is a rural settlement of the half-scattered type. It is located on the eastern slopes of the Streoc mountain (2336 m).
History
The village of Strelac (Стрѣльц; Стрелац) was first mentioned in Serbian medieval documents. Ruins of a medieval fort (known in Serbian as gradište) exist below the village, on the Çeçan mountain. The settlement was later divided into two parts, Gornji- (Upper) and Donji (Lower) Streoc. The village name was also spelled Gornje Streoce (Горње Стреоце), Streovce, and Strovce.
During the Crimean War (1853–56), many Serbian families left the kaza (district) of Ipek and Yakova; 20 Serbian families left the village of Streoce.
In 1901, an Albanian from Streoce tried to steal cattle from the Visoki Dečani, and was executed by Ottoman askeri; the mutesarif of Ipek welcomed their act, but his family threatened with vengeance towards the yüz başa of that crew. After some days, an Ottoman crew of 25 was ambushed in Streoce.
Both Gornji Streoc and Donji Streoc were featured in an Episode of the Australian Series Foreign Correspondent prior to the Kosovo War.
Demographics
The village had a total population of 3,347 inhabitants according to the 2011 census. The majority of inhabitants are ethnic Albanians.
Anthropology
The village's Albanians hail from Krasniqe.
References
Sources
Villages in Deçan
Diomaténé is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 96 square kilometers and includes four villages. In the 2009 census, it had a population of 4,274. The village of Diomaténé, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 11 km north of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Sheads House, also known as Oak Ridge Seminary, is a historic home located at Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1862, and is a -story, "T"-shaped brick dwelling in the Gothic Revival style. It sits on a granite foundation and has a cross gable roof. It features an ornamental fascia board and porches with ornamental balustrades. Shortly after it was built it housed Oak Ridge Seminary, a girls' school. During the Battle of Gettysburg, it was used as a hospital for Confederate States Army wounded.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. It is located in the Gettysburg Battlefield Historic District.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Adams County, Pennsylvania
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Gothic Revival architecture in Pennsylvania
Houses completed in 1862
Houses in Adams County, Pennsylvania
1862 establishments in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Adams County, Pennsylvania
Channel 4's Comedy Gala of 2010 was a British comedy benefit show organised by Channel 4. It was the inaugural Channel 4 Comedy Gala, an annual charity event held O2 Arena in London in aid of Great Ormond Street Children's Hospital. Filmed live on 30 March 2010, a two and a half-hour highlights show was broadcast on Channel 4 on 5 April 2010. Billed by Channel 4 as "the biggest live stand up show in UK history" it featured seventeen comedians performing stand-up, as well as a number of others performing live and pre-recorded sketches, to an audience of 16,000. It raised nearly £1 million to open a new anaesthetic room.
Beneficiary
All profits from ticket and DVD sales of the Comedy Gala were to go to Great Ormond Street Hospital Children's Charity. All performers waived their fees for the show. The money was to be used towards the provision of two new anaesthetic rooms, allowing parents to remain with their children up until the time they enter the operating theatres.
Katie Price made an appearance at the gala, mentioning that her disabled son Harvey is a regular visitor to the hospital. At the end of the performance, Jack Dee presented Lee Evans with a Channel 4 lifetime achievement award, which he auctioned on the spot for £5,000 for the charity, selling it to a member of the audience. Evans told the audience of his personal connection to the hospital, through the loss of his brother's eight-year-old son. Jack Dee's son was also once a patient at the hospital.
The 2010 gala ultimately raised nearly £1 million, enough to open a new anaesthetic room.
History
The Comedy Gala was commissioned by Channel 4 Entertainment commissioning editor, Syeda Irtizaali. Promoted by Off the Kerb Productions, it was to be filmed by Open Mike Productions.
14,000 tickets went on sale on 12 February 2010 for the live show at the O2 Arena, scheduled for 30 March 2010. 2,000 more tickets were released on 26 February. With over 25 performers taking part, Channel 4 promoted the show as "the biggest live stand up show in United Kingdom history", and "the comedy event of the year". All tickets for the show were sold in advance according to promoters Off the Kerb.
The live show was to be opened by Alan Carr, and would feature live stand-up from several comedians, with other artists contributing additional sketches and filmed inserts, in addition to celebrity appearances from the likes of Katie Price and Alex Reid, and Christine Bleakley, as well as musicals performances by Stomp and Bill Bailey. Channel 4 was to screen 2 hours of highlights from the show at 9pm on bank holiday Easter Monday, 5 April 2010. It was announced on 1 April that the Channel 4 broadcast would also feature a special advert break, with Jimmy Carr mocking a selection of willing advertisers.
The live-show went ahead, finishing at 11pm. The Channel 4 programme aired on 5 April, running for an extra 30 minutes over the advertised length. There was a hint at the second gala to come, when Jack Dee closed the first show stating "we'll see you next year, thank you and goodnight". A second gala was duly announced on 10 March 2011.
Cast
Stand up performers
The following people appeared, performing live stand-up:
Jo Brand
Bill Bailey
John Bishop
Kevin Bridges
Alan Carr
Jack Dee
Lee Evans
Noel Fielding
Rich Hall
Shappi Khorsandi
Patrick Kielty
Sean Lock
Jason Manford
Michael McIntyre
Andy Parsons
Mark Watson
Jack Whitehall
Other in person appearances
The following people also appeared live, either as hosts, special guests, or in sketches or musical performances:
Christine Bleakley
Rob Brydon
Fonejacker
James Corden
Peter Dickson (voice)
Kevin Eldon
Ruth Jones
David Mitchell
Katie Price
Alex Reid
Jonathan Ross
Stomp
Catherine Tate
Gok Wan
Pre-recorded appearances
The following people appeared during the live show in pre-recorded parts, either in special messages or sketches:
Kevin Bishop
Derren Brown
Alan Carr
Jimmy Carr
Johnny Depp
Ricky Gervais (voice)
Kyle MacLachlan
Stephen Merchant (voice)
David Mitchell
Sharon Osbourne
Karl Pilkington (voice)
Patrick Stewart
Rihanna
Gok Wan
Robert Webb
Notes
Jo Brand performed despite suffering from norovirus. Omid Djalili was due to appear according to some Channel 4 publicity before the show, although he did not ultimately feature. Christine Bleakley, having appeared in her regular role as presenter of The One Show broadcast live from 7pm, ultimately took part in the show accompanying Fonejacker as a host, although she did not ultimately perform any stand-up.
Show elements
The majority of the show was live stand-up, although it also included some musical performances and in-character performances.
Running order
Stand-up acts, sketches and other pre-recorded parts were broadcast in the Channel 4 show in the following order (minus hosts):
Stomp
Alan Carr
Jason Manford
Jo Brand
Apology sketches
ad-break
Sean Lock
Short film about Great Ormond Street
Special message from Johnny Depp
Kevin Bridges
special ad break featuring Jimmy Carr
Patrick Kielty
Special message from The Ricky Gervais Show
First The Kevin Bishop Show television sketch
ad-break
Andy Parsons
Mark Watson
ad-break
Michael McIntyre
Bill Bailey
ad-break
Jack Dee
Shappi Khorsandi
Peep Show television sketch
ad-break
Noel Fielding
Gavin & Stacey live sketch
John Bishop
Jack Whitehall
Rich Hall
ad-break
Second The Kevin Bishop Show television sketch
Lee Evans as 'The Lee Evans Trio'
ad-break
Lee Evans's main act
Hosts and special guests
All the stand-up acts were given 4–5 minutes to perform, with longer performances from Michael McIntyre and Lee Evans. To gel the stand-up acts and sketches together, the show used several hosts presenting in turn, which split the show into different notional sections; as well as using special guests and in-character acts for other one-off introductions for other acts. Alan Carr and Jack Dee acted as both hosts and stand-up performers, while some other hosts had short 1 minute acts too.
Alan Carr was the first host, introducing Jason Manford, Jo Brand, the apology sketches and Sean Lock, before appearing in the short film about the hospital. Jonathan Ross then took over as host, introducing the message from Johnny Depp, then the acts by Kevin Bridges, the special ad-break, Patrick Kielty, and the special sketch by The Ricky Gervais Show. Rob Brydon and Gok Wan then introduced the first Kevin Bishop Show sketch and Andy Parsons, while Brydon then went on to do a short Tom Jones impression before then introducing Mark Watson. Michael McIntyre was introduced by the celebrity couple Katie Price and Alex Reid, while Fonejacker, appearing in character as 'Terry Tibbs' and accompanied by celebrity guest and BBC presenter Christine Bleakley, then introduced Jack Dee's act. Following his own act, Dee went on to introduce Shappi Khorsandi and the Peep Show sketch. Catherine Tate then appeared in character as Joanie Taylor ("Nan") from The Catherine Tate Show, to introduce Noel Fielding. The Gavin & Stacy sketch was not announced, while its characters Corden and Jones then introduced John Bishop. David Mitchell then took over as host, introducing Jack Whitehall, Rich Hall and the second Kevin Bishop Show sketch.
The hosts themselves were introduced by the voice of Peter Dickson, with the exception of David Mitchell who was introduced by the previous act, John Bishop. Dickson also introduced Bill Bailey and Lee Evans as the only other acts not introduced in person by somebody. For comedic effect, the start of the Gavin & Stacey sketch was not announced at all.
Other live acts
The show opened with a performance by the musical troupe Stomp who make music using plastic and metal bins and barrels, and oil drums. Alan Carr was then revealed to have been in one of their wheelie bins for the entire performance. Tipped out of the bin, he begins the stand-up show with his own act, before acting as host for the first segment.
Bill Bailey performed a short stand-up before going on to perform various musical comedy shorts on the keyboard, with additional vocals by Kevin Eldon.
James Corden and Ruth Jones appeared in character as Smithy and Nessa from their television sit-com Gavin & Stacey, carrying forward the plot from the final episode by pretending to be visiting London on a day trip from Barry Island. Lost and late, they appear on stage looking for their seats, before realising they're on stage and carrying on in character.
In 'The Lee Evans Trio', Lee Evans appears on his own, spotlighted in turn, miming playing three different instruments, drums, double bass and piano.
Pre-recorded sketches
Various performers provided special shorts of their television shows for the Gala. A special message from the animated show The Ricky Gervais Show featured the voices of Ricky Gervais, Stephen Merchant & Karl Pilkington in a sketch about giving to charity and swimming with dolphins. In the first The Kevin Bishop Show sketch, Bishop appears as 'Rok Wan' alongside Gok Wan as Gok's younger brother, for a make-over. In his second sketch, in a notional More4 programme 'Celebrity Siblings Reunited', Bishop appears as 'Darren Brown', meeting his twin brother Derren Brown on their birthday. In the Peep Show sketch, David Mitchell and Robert Webb perform a sketch in a restaurant about donating to charity.
Actors Sir Patrick Stewart and Johnny Depp, singer Rihanna, actor Kyle MacLachlan, celebrity Sharon Osbourne, all appeared during the show to give notional pre-recorded messages of apology for not being able to attend. However, these were all in fact comedy spoofs. Johnny Depp and Rihanna joked that Jonathan Ross was the reason they weren't appearing, Osbourne play-acted that she had been snubbed by Channel 4, while Stewart and MacLachlan sent-up the general idea of celebrities being less than committed to making appearances at charity galas.
Pitched by Carr as the 'serious bit' in the mould of Comic Relief type information films inserted between the comedy acts, the short film broadcast early in the show about the Great Ormond Street Hospital featured instead, Alan Carr touring the hospital meeting staff and patients, making various comic gaffes.
During the special ad-break featuring Jimmy Carr, Carr appeared either in specially filmed inserts, or in walkover shots, mocking adverts for Gocompare.com, Churchill car insurance, Specsavers, PokerStars.com, Kerry Low Low cheese and Guinness
Reception
The live show was greeted with average to good reviews, with The Daily Telegraph and the London Evening Standard giving it 4 out of 5 stars, while The Times and The Independent gave it 3 stars. The length of the show and size of the arena were pointed out as detracting points. Michael McIntyre and Lee Evans were universally recognised as being the best acts of the show. Other noted acts were Jack Dee, John Bishop, Rich Hall, Noel Fielding, and a musical routine by Bill Bailey and Kevin Eldon. With McIntyre being closer of the first half, and Evans closing the show, they had both been given longer than the 5 minutes given to most acts, leading to observations that this meant the intervening acts had neither the time to die a death, or heat up the performance beyond being just enjoyable. The inclusion of Katie Price and Alex Reid was questioned; they were roundly booed by the audience. Media outlets picked up on Patrick Kielty and Sean Lock's inclusion of gags about Michael Jackson, who had been planning to stage his farewell concerts at the arena before his shock death nine months previously.
The Channel 4 broadcast on 5 April was to be the highlight of the Channel 4 Easter programming, going up against the Guardian's other Easter Monday TV highlight selections of the final ever episode of A Touch of Frost on ITV, and the UK premiere of the long-awaited series The Pacific, on Sky Movies. The broadcast ultimately came third in the terrestrial viewer ratings in its time slot. It registered 2.172 million viewers, a 9.9% audience share, between 9 pm and 11.05 pm, with a further 254,000 viewers watching on the timeshift service, Channel 4 +1. This was behind the 8.338 million viewers (34%) registered by A Touch of Frost, and the 4.321 million (16.1%) who watched MasterChef on BBC One. The Pacific registered 631,000 viewers on the digital-only channel Sky Movies.
DVD release
An uncut version of the full 3-hour show was released on DVD by Universal Pictures on Monday 26 April 2010.
See also
2010 in British television
List of stand-up comedians
References
External links
Channel 4's Comedy Gala microsite
Channel 4's Comedy Gala programme guide
Great Ormond Street Hospital
Off the Kerb Productions
2010 television specials
Channel 4 comedy
Health-related fundraisers
Great Ormond Street Hospital
Stand-up comedy concert films
Stand-up comedy on DVD
2010 in London
X series or xSeries or Series-X or variation, may refer to:
Nokia Xseries, a family of mobile phones.
Sony X series
Sony Ericsson X series, a series of cell phones
Sony Vaio X series, a series of laptops
Fujifilm X series, a series of digital cameras
Yamaha's X-series motorcycles
BMW X-series vehicles, see List of BMW vehicles
IBM/Lenovo X series
IBM System x, previously eServer xSeries
ThinkPad X series, a series of laptops
Intel Core X-Series, a series of computer CPUs, under the Core brand from Intel
X (video game series), a space combat and trading game series
X the album, a series of Christian rock compilation albums
X-Men (film series) (2000-2020, FOX), frequently called the "X" films, both X2 and X3 being so named
Northgate SeriesX, a line of computers from Northgate Information Solutions
Xbox Series X, 9th generation videogame console from Microsoft
See also
W series (disambiguation)
Y series (disambiguation)
Series (disambiguation)
X (disambiguation)
Belpınar is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Robin Gerald Walden Room (born 28 December 1939) is an Australian sociologist and researcher who studies the health effects of alcohol and other drugs. From 2015 - 2017 he was the director of the Centre for Alcohol Policy Research at La Trobe University, formerly at Turning Point Alcohol and Drug Centre in Fitzroy, Victoria, Australia, as well as the Professor of Alcohol Policy Research at the School of Population Health of the University of Melbourne, since March 2006. He is also a professor at the Centre for Social Research on Alcohol and Drugs at Stockholm University.
Education
Room received his B.A. from Princeton University in English in 1960, and his two M.A.'s (the first in English, the second in sociology) from the University of California, Berkeley in 1962 and 1967, respectively. He later received his PhD in sociology from Berkeley in 1978.
Career
Room began working at the National Alcohol Research Centre in Berkeley, California in 1963 and remained there until 1991. He became the centre's scientific director in 1977. From 1991 to 1998, he worked at the Addiction Research Foundation in Canada, as their vice president for research. In 1999, he was appointed professor and founding director of the Centre for Social Research on Alcohol and Drugs at Stockholm University, where he is still a professor as of December 2010. In 2006, he joined both the Centre for Alcohol Policy Research and the University of Melbourne in 2006.
Research
Room's research pertains to alcohol, illegal drugs, and gambling behavior. For example, in a 2005 study, Room and his co-authors Thomas Babor and Jurgen Rehm found that about 4% of the global burden of disease was attributable to alcohol consumption, about the same amount as tobacco consumption.
Editorial activities
Room is the editor-in-chief of the peer-reviewed journal Drug and Alcohol Review.
Honors and awards
Room received the Alfred R. Lindesmith Award for Achievement in the Field of Scholarship from the Drug Policy Alliance in 2015. He has also received the Jellinek Award for Alcohol Studies in 1983, the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Alcohol, Tobacco and Other Drugs Section of the American Public Health Association in 2002, and the Prime Minister's Award for Excellence in Drug and Alcohol Endeavours in 2012.
References
External links
Living people
1939 births
Researchers in alcohol abuse
Australian sociologists
Princeton University alumni
Academic journal editors
University of Melbourne faculty
Stockholm University faculty
Vance Bluff () is a small ice-covered eminence near the polar plateau, 10 nautical miles (18 km) north of Laird Plateau. Its flat summit merges with the ice sheet to the north and west, but there is a steep cliff along the south side. Black Icefalls run northeast from Vance Bluff to Mount Massam. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for the USS Vance, an ocean station ship in support of aircraft flights between New Zealand and McMurdo Sound during U.S. Navy Operation Deepfreeze 1962.
Cliffs of Oates Land
William John Quinn (May 8, 1911 – October 24, 2015) was a 20th-century American railroad executive. He was an attorney for the Soo Line before joining the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad in 1954, later serving as its President from 1957 to 1966. In 1966, he became president of the Burlington Railroad. He later returned to the Milwaukee Road, where he was chairman from 1970 until shortly after it went bankrupt in December 1977.
Early life and education
Born in St. Paul, Minnesota, Quinn earned an undergraduate degree from the University of St. Thomas in 1933 and then earned a law degree from the University of Minnesota Law School in 1935.
Career
After law school, Quinn worked in private law practice in Minnesota and as an assistant U.S. attorney. He then took a job with the Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie Railroad as an in-house attorney. During World War II, Quinn was posted to work for the Federal Bureau of Investigation as a counterespionage agent. After the war, he returned to the Soo Line.
In 1954 the Milwaukee Road recruited Quinn to join the railroad as a general solicitor. By 1958 he had risen up to become the railroad's president. Quinn left the Milwaukee Road in 1966 to become president of the Chicago, Burlington & Quincy. He returned to the Milwaukee Road in 1970 as chairman, shortly after the CB&Q merged with several related lines. Quinn was the last leader of the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad and was involved in its notorious scheme of de-electrification in 1972, right before the 1973 oil crisis. This and the general collapse of the road in the 1960s led to the final bankruptcy of the famous Milwaukee Road.
Quinn retired in 1978. He died in Glenview, Illinois at the age of 104.
References
Milwaukee Road in the 70's: What really happened? from Trainweb
Presidential Turntable (Time Magazine article from Oct. 21, 1966
Biography of William John Quinn
1911 births
2015 deaths
American centenarians
Men centenarians
Illinois lawyers
American people in rail transportation
American railroad executives
University of Minnesota Law School alumni
Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad
Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad people
20th-century American businesspeople
Beeston railway station (West Yorkshire) was a railway station situated on the Great Northern Railway on the southern outskirts of Leeds, England.
History
Beeston railway station was south of Leeds Central and was opened by the Bradford, Wakefield and Leeds Railway in 1860. The line opened to traffic in 1857 and Beeston was opened 3 years later. The heavily engineered branch to Batley was built south of Beeston in 1890 (it crossed the Wakefield line twice and had a flying junction for Leeds bound traffic) and provided Tingley with a four way junction.
The station was built in the middle of a very elongated four way junction with trains able to go north to Leeds Central via Holbeck or Bradford Exchange via Bramley. Southwards directions were to Tingley as described above and to Ardsley then Wakefield Westgate.
In pre-Beeching days, the station was served by the Leeds Circular service that left Leeds Central calling at Holbeck, Beeston, Ardsley, Lofthouse & Outwood, Alverthorpe, Flushdyke, Ossett, Earlsheaton, Dewsbury, Batley Carr, Batley, Woodkirk, Tingley, Beeston, Holbeck and back to Leeds Central. These services amounted to seven trains daily in each direction and lasted between 1890 and 1938.
The station closed on 2 March 1953, some four months before the Tingley line succumbed to closure.
The route is still open as part of the Leeds arm of the East Coast Main Line, Cross Country line and local services on the Wakefield Line.
References
Bibliography
Disused railway stations in Leeds
Former Great Northern Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1860
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1953
1860 establishments in England
Pterosaurs
New taxa
See also
1843
References
1840s in paleontology
Paleontology
Acrolepia niphosperma is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Argentina.
References
Moths described in 1931
Acrolepiidae
Danger List is a 1959 British short film directed by Leslie Arliss for Hammer Film Productions. It stars Philip Friend, Honor Blackman and Mervyn Johns. It was photographed by Arthur Grant, and has a score by Edwin Astley. The running time is 22 minutes.
Plot
A nurse in the dispensary of an English hospital is suffering with a migraine, and accidentally dispenses the wrong medicines to three patients. The police and doctors have little time to locate the patients before the consequences are fatal.
All three patients are located. However, the husband (Johns) of the third uses the pills to kill his wife, who is already suffering from a terminal illness, and takes one himself to join her in death.
Cast
Philip Friend as Dr. Jim Bennett
Honor Blackman as Gillian Freeman
Mervyn Johns as Mr. Ellis
Constance Fraser as Mrs. Ellis
Alexander Field as Mr. Carlton
Muriel Zillah as Mrs. Coombe
Amanda Coxell as Laura Coombe
Everley Gregg as Neighbour
Pauline Olsen as Young Nurse
Jeremy Longhurst as Mobile Policeman
Patricia Cree as Audrey
External links
BFI.org
1959 films
British drama short films
Films directed by Leslie Arliss
Hammer Film Productions films
1950s English-language films
The Burgery Ambush was an ambush carried out by the Irish Republican Army (IRA) on 18–19 March 1921, during the Irish War of Independence. It took place near Dungarvan, County Waterford.
Ambush
On the night of 18–19 March 1921, IRA volunteers of the West Waterford flying column ambushed a British military convoy at the Burgery, about a mile and a half northeast of Dungarvan. The convoy included Black and Tans and a Royal Irish Constabulary Sergeant, named Michael Hickey. In overall command of the IRA unit was IRA GHQ Officer George Plunkett. Also present were West Waterford Brigade Commandant Pax Whelan, ASU leader George Lennon, and Mick Mansfield. A British Crossley tender was set on fire and prisoners taken by the IRA, including Sergeant Hickey. Hickey was later killed by an IRA firing squad with a sign reading "police spy" affixed to his tunic. He was later buried in an unmarked grave. Other prisoners including Captain DV Thomas, the commander of the British garrison, were released.
After the ambush, a group of volunteers under Plunkett returned to search for any armaments left behind by the British forces. Crown forces who were now searching the area engaged the IRA party; IRA volunteers Seán Fitzgerald and Pat Keating were shot dead. A Black and Tan, Constable Sydney R. Redman was shot dead during the return fire.
References
Sources
Rebel Heart: George Lennon: Flying Column Commander, Mercier 2009,
Conflicts in 1921
1921 in Ireland
Military actions and engagements during the Irish War of Independence
Dungarvan
History of County Waterford
March 1921 events
Ambushes in Europe
John Francis O'Neil (April 19, 1920 – April 18, 2012) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball who played briefly during the season. Listed at , 155 lb, he batted and threw right-handed.
Born in Shelbiana, Kentucky, John O'Neil was involved in professional baseball for more than 45 years spanning 1939–1986 as player, manager, player/manager, general manager and scout, while participating in over 1,800 minor league games.
O'Neil appeared in 32 games for the 1946 Philadelphia Phillies as a replacement for everyday shortstop Skeeter Newsome, being also used in pinch-hitting and pinch-running situations in 14 games.
In a 46-game career, O'Neil posted a batting average of .266 (25-for-94) with three doubles, driving in nine runs while scoring 12 times without any stolen base.
From 1964 through 1984 he scouted for several major league teams, including the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves teams and Los Angeles Dodgers. Two of the players he scouted and signed were catcher Mike Scioscia and outfielder Bill Robinson.
O'Neil was honored by the Chautauqua Sports Hall of Fame at Russell Diethrick Park in the summer of 2011 with a white Jamestown Falcons uniform top with No. 1 on his back, similar to the uniform he wore back in the 1940s. It was during the 70th anniversary of the park, previously known as Municipal Stadium, and O'Neil, lone survivor of the 1941 Jamestown club, was honored by throwing out the inaugural first pitch. He later received honors as the oldest Chautauqua Sports Hall of Fame Inductee at the organization's 31st annual induction dinner on February 20, 2012.
Outside of baseball, he was an avid golfer and fisherman with memberships at Chautauqua and Corry Hills golf clubs, and was also a member of Lakewood Rod and Gun Club.
O'Neil died in Jamestown, New York, one day short of reaching his 92nd birthday.
Sources
Major League Baseball shortstops
Philadelphia Phillies players
Minor league baseball managers
Bristol Twins players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Elmira Pioneers players
Greeneville Burley Cubs players
Hollywood Stars players
Jamestown Falcons players
Jamestown Tigers players
New Orleans Pelicans (baseball) players
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
Pittsfield Electrics players
Portland Beavers players
Salinas Packers players
San Francisco Seals (baseball) players
Seattle Rainiers players
Tallahassee Capitals players
Winston-Salem Twins players
Baseball players from Kentucky
People from Pike County, Kentucky
Atlanta Braves scouts
Los Angeles Dodgers scouts
Milwaukee Braves scouts
1920 births
2012 deaths
Manuel Pereiras García (born 1950) is the author and translator of numerous plays in English and Spanish.
Biography
Pereiras García was born in Cifuentes, Cuba, in 1950. His works have been performed at Mercy College, Dumé Spanish Theatre, Stonewall Repertory Theatre, Theater for the New City, and INTAR Theatre. Pereiras García has also written about the history of theater with a focus on Cuban and Spanish drama. In 1998, his complete plays were published by Presbyter's Peartree. He currently resides in New York City.
Works or publications
References
External links
The Manuel Pereiras García playscripts are available at the Cuban Heritage Collection, University of Miami Libraries. This collection consists of playscripts authored or translated by Cuban-born playwright Manuel Pereiras García between 1977 and 1991.
Creator page for Manuel Pereiras García in the Cuban Theater Digital Archive.
1950 births
Cuban dramatists and playwrights
Cuban male writers
American male dramatists and playwrights
American dramatists and playwrights
Hispanic and Latino American dramatists and playwrights
Living people
Cuban translators
The Entertainers are a one-hour American variety show which aired on CBS from September 25, 1964 through March 27, 1965.
Produced by Joe Hamilton, the series featured three hosts:
Hamilton's then-wife Carol Burnett, Bob Newhart, and Caterina Valente. In order to serve as a regular host, it was necessary for Burnett to leave her role in the Broadway musical Fade Out - Fade In, and she was summarily sued by the show's producers for breach of contract, resulting in her return to the musical in February 1965 for what turned out to be its final weeks.
Broadcast weekly from New York, where it was taped Friday evenings at CBS Studio 50 (now the Ed Sullivan Theater), the variety show format was typical of the period. It contained a mix of comedy sketches, musical numbers performed by a regular group of series artists and having one or two guest stars (such as Boris Karloff, Phil Silvers, and Chita Rivera) who hosted, alongside Burnett and Valente each week. It initially aired Friday nights at 8:30pm ET/PT, but after not doing well in the ratings the show was moved, in January 1965, to Saturdays at 9:00pm ET/PT, with the format slightly altered: Newhart and a few of the series' regulars left the cast, Burnett and Valente assumed co-hosting duties for the remainder of the series' run, and new theme music was created.
Repertory company
The repertory company included:
Art Buchwald
Ruth Buzzi (joined in 1965)
Don Crichton
John Davidson
Dom DeLuise
Tessie O'Shea
The Ernie Flatt Dancers
The Peter Gennaro Dancers
The Harry Zimmerman Orchestra
Notable episodes
25 September 1964: The show premiered on CBS the same week The Cara Williams Show, The Munsters, The Baileys of Balboa, Gomer Pyle-U.S.M.C., The Reporter, Gilligan's Island, Mr. Broadway, and My Living Doll debuted on the network.
13 November 1964: The show abandoned its usual format to present a full-hour documentary about the Beatles' American tour. The Entertainers had premiered the same week the Beatles film A Hard Day's Night opened in theatres.
11 December 1964: Thelma Ritter joined series regulars Newhart, Valente, and Dom DeLuise.
25 December 1964: Burnett, Valente, Buchwald and Newhart performed in a Christmas special.
16 January 1965: Burnett and Valente co-hosted, with Boris Karloff and Chita Rivera as guest stars. The kinescope copy of this episode is the most viewed episode outside of its original broadcast, being widely circulated amongst collectors.
References
External links
CBS original programming
Television series by CBS Studios
1960s American variety television series
1960s American sketch comedy television series
1964 American television series debuts
1965 American television series endings
Black-and-white American television shows
English-language television shows
Television shows filmed in New York (state)
United Airlines Flight 696 was a flight from San Francisco International Airport in San Francisco, California, to Seattle, Washington, with 75 people in board. After takeoff from San Francisco, Clay Thomas, claiming to have a bomb, hijacked the Boeing 727-222, demanding the plane land in Oakland, California, and fuel up for a flight to Cuba. The crew negotiated the release of all the passengers and cabin crew while on the ground in Oakland waiting for fuel. Panicked by the sight of police vehicles, Thomas cut the fueling short and demanded an immediate departure to Cuba. Once the plane was airborne, the pilot explained that the aircraft still did not have enough fuel to reach Cuba, and Thomas agreed to land in Denver, Colorado, for more fuel. About 90 minutes after landing, the three members of the cockpit crew all jumped to safety from the open cockpit windows, all suffering injuries in the jump. Within five minutes of the escape and without hostages, Thomas meekly surrendered to the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation.
See also
TWA Flight 106
List of Cuba–United States aircraft hijackings
References
Aviation accidents and incidents in the United States in 1978
Aircraft hijackings in the United States
Accidents and incidents involving the Boeing 727
696
Airliner accidents and incidents in Tennessee
Airliner accidents and incidents in Colorado
1978 in Tennessee
1978 in Colorado
Sankt-Peterburg () is a Russian rock band, formed in 1969 in Leningrad. It is one of the oldest rock bands of the USSR. It was the first Soviet rock band to perform a program entirely of their own songs in Russian. At the time, the majority of Soviet rock bands were covering Anglo-American rock songs. The founder, leader, and only permanent member of the group is .
Background
Sankt-Peterburg's lead singer, Vladimir Rekshan, was a pioneer of Russian language rock and roll songwriting in the early 70s. He was also criticized by audiences for singing in Russian. The group was also unfairly accused by propagandists of being monarchists.
References
External links
Official Website
Сайт, посвящённый творчеству группы «Санкт-Петербург»
История группы «Санкт-Петербург» на сетевом издании о рок-музыкe
Deezer: Vladimir Rekshan and Band "Sankt-Peterburg"
Russian rock music groups
Musical groups from Saint Petersburg
Musical groups established in 1969
1969 establishments in the Soviet Union
Soviet rock music groups
Charles Benvignat (24 December 1805, Boulogne-sur-Mer, Pas-de-Calais – July 1877, Lille) was a French architect, especially active in Lille, then undergoing major urban expansion.
Life
Benvignat moved to Lille as a young man. As a brilliant student in the architecture class at the Ecoles académiques, he was sent to the Beaux-Arts in Paris, where he studied as a painter as well as an architect. Returning to Lille, he was entrusted with several private projects and church restorations. In 1833 he was made the Ecoles académiques's professor of architecture and held the post for 30 years. From 1842 he was responsible for several major public works:
Expansion of the old théâtre Lequeux (1842)
Restoration of the Vieille Bourse and restoration of its decor (1842)
Column of the Goddess, a 2-stage project (1845)
Sugar and wheat hall (initial project now mutilated) (1848)
Palais Rihour, base of the mayor and museums (1849)
Lycée making up the medicine school and sciences faculty (1844–55)
Several churches, such as in the Moulins and Esquermes suburbs
He died without issue in 1877 and his tomb was paid for by the town council of Lille.
See also
Tournai Cathedral
References
1805 births
1877 deaths
19th-century French architects
People from Boulogne-sur-Mer
École des Beaux-Arts alumni
The Kyffhäuserbund () is an umbrella organization for war veterans' and reservists' associations in Germany based in Rüdesheim am Rhein. It owes its name to the Kyffhäuser Monument (), a memorial built on the summit of the 473 m high Kyffhäuser mountain near Bad Frankenhausen in the state of Thuringia in central Germany.
History
The Kyffhäuserbund's origins lie in a section of the Deutscher Kriegerbund () that established a league in 1900 that would unite the formerly scattered German war veterans' associations. Some of these organizations had been already administrating the maintenance of the memorial together. The league was initially named Kyffhäuser League of the German Countries' Warriors Associations (), a name that became later abbreviated to Kyffhäuserbund. By 1913, this umbrella organization had already 2.8 million war veterans as its members and it had become one of the largest societies in Germany. During the time of the German Empire, the Kyffhäuserbund was instrumentalized against the growing social democratic movement in Germany.
The difficult circumstances of World War I's postwar years led to a significant shrinking of the veterans' associations and their role. During the Weimar Republic in 1921, this organization shed its federal structure and centralized itself under a common leadership. Following this step, it changed its name to German Warriors Association Kyffhäuser (). In the name of Gleichschaltung, the Kyffhäuserbund was nazified after the Nazi takeover of power in 1933. Five years later, its name was altered to Nationalsocialist Reich Warriors Association Kyffhäuser (), becoming the sole and exclusive organization representing the veterans' interests in the Third Reich.
The Kyffhäuserbund was swiftly and unceremoniously disbanded during World War II in March 1943 by Adolf Hitler himself. Apparently, the reason was the German defeat in the Battle of Stalingrad. Its assets in the whole Reich were transferred to the Nazi Party. All its surviving local associations, which in the last phase of the war effort became the breeding ground for Volkssturm units, were also placed under the direct orders of the Nazi Party. After Nazi Germany's defeat in World War II, the Allied military governments issued a special law, Kontrollratsgesetz Nr. 2, for the disbandment and liquidation of the Nazi organizations (Auflösung und Liquidierung der Naziorganisationen) on 10 October 1945. This denazification decree outlawed the Nazi Party and all of its branches, effectively disbanding the Kyffhäuserbund's avatar that had been established during the Third Reich.
The disbandment of the Kyffhäuserbund meant that it had to be established anew during the postwar reconstruction of both West and East Germany.
The reestablishment of the Kyffhäuser organization with federal state branches began in 1952 in West Germany. The present-day Kyffhäuserbund emphasizes its role as a shooting sports association.
Uniforms and Insignia
Like with many other nazi paramilitary organizations they to had ranks and uniforms.
Notable Kyffhäuserverband members
Ludwig Bergsträsser
F. K. Otto Dibelius
Martin Dibelius
Johannes Dieckmann
Hermann Ehlers
Ferdinand Friedensburg
Hans Fritzsche
Heinrich George
Hellmut von Gerlach
Leo Geyr von Schweppenburg
Helmut Hasse
Richard Heinze
Rudolf Heinze
Otto Hoetzsch
Hubertus, Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Freudenberg
Gerhard Kittel
Werner Kollath
Wilhelm Kube
Hanfried Lenz
Max Maurenbrecher
Joachim Mrugowsky
Ludwig Müller
Friedrich Naumann
Karl Ernst Osthaus
Otto Peltzer
Kurt Scharf
Gustav Adolf Scheel
Percy Ernst Schramm
Rudi Stephan
Otmar Freiherr von Verschuer
Ernst Wahle
Kuno von Westarp
See also
List of veterans organizations
National Socialist War Victim's Care
Der Stahlhelm
Notes and references
Kyffhäuserbund e.V.
Kyffhäuser-Bund der Deutschen Landeskriegerverbände e.V. (Historisches Lexikon Bayerns).
Dieter Fricke et al.: Kyffhäuser-Bund der Deutschen Landeskriegerverbände (KB) 1900-1943. In: Dieter Fricke (Hrsg.): Die bürgerlichen Parteien in Deutschland. Berlin 1968, S.296–312.
Karl Saul: Der "Deutsche Kriegerbund". Zur innenpolitischen Funktion eines nationalen Verbandes im kaiserlichen Deutschland. In: Militärgeschichtliche Mitteilungen (MGM). 2/1969. S.95–159.
Karl Führer: Der "Deutsche Reichskriegerbund Kyffhäuser" 1930-1934. Politik, Ideologie und Funktion eines "unpolitischen" Verbandes. In: Militärgeschichtliche Mitteilungen (MGM). 2/1984. S.57–76.
Heinz Kleene Das Kriegervereinswesen im Emsland zur Zeit des Kaiserreiches In: Jahrbuch des Emsländ. Heimatbundes Sögel 2005. S.137–159.
German veterans' organisations
Kyffhäuser
Non-profit organisations based in Hesse
Shooting sports organizations
Candidatus scientiarum (male), or candidata scientiarum (female), abbreviated as cand.scient., is an academic degree currently awarded in Denmark and formerly awarded in Norway.
In Denmark, cand.scient. is a higher-level degree awarded as a Kandidat (Candidate) degree by Danish universities to graduate students in the mathematics and natural sciences. The study requires 120 ECTS, and normally requires two years study in addition to a completed bachelor's degree. The title is officially translated to English as Master of Science.
In Norway, cand.scient. was a higher-level degree awarded in the fields of mathematics and natural sciences. It was introduced in 1985, replacing the more rigorous cand.real. degree. Completion required 1.5–2 years study in addition to a completed cand.mag. degree of 3.5 year. In 2003, the cand.scient. degree was replaced in Norway by the Master of Science degree as part of the adoption of the Bologna Process.
References
Master's degrees
Academic degrees of Denmark
Academic degrees of Norway
The 2015 Vietnamese National U17 Football Championship is the 12th edition of the Vietnamese National U17 Football Championship, the annual youth football tournament organised by the Vietnam Football Federation (VFF) for male players under-17
Qualification
Qualified teams
Venue
Two football stadiums were hosted matches of the football competition:
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Semi-finals
Final
References
2015 in Vietnamese football
Doss is an unincorporated community in Cass County, Texas, about 12 miles from Hughes Springs. It is located on Farm To Market Road 1399.
References
Unincorporated communities in Cass County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Arkel is a railway station, located in Arkel in the Netherlands. The station is located on the Qbuzz line between Dordrecht and Geldermalsen. It was opened on 1 December 1883, was closed on 15 May 1938 and was reopened on 10 June 1940. Originally, Arkel had two tracks, in the 1980s this was reduced to a single track. Train services are operated by Qbuzz. The station building is now in use as an office.
Train services
Bus services
External links
Arriva website
Dutch Public Transport journey planner
Railway stations in South Holland
Railway stations opened in 1883
Railway stations closed in 1938
Railway stations opened in 1940
Railway stations on the Merwede-Lingelijn
Molenlanden
Clarke v Dickson (1858) EB & E 148 is an English contract law case concerning misrepresentation. It stands as an example of the restrictive approach common law courts took to rescission for misrepresentation before the leading case of Erlanger v New Sombrero Phosphate Co held only substantial counter restitution was needed.
Facts
Mr Clarke said he was induced by the three defendants' statements to take shares in The Welsh Potosi Lead and Copper Mining Company, formed for working on a mine on the cost-book principle. Dividends were declared in 1854-6. Then Mr Clarke accepted fresh allotments in lieu of dividends. In 1857 the company's performance was poor and it was liquidated under the Winding-up Act 1855. Then Mr Clarke discovered that the representations about its cost-book practices were false and fraudulent. He sued to recover deposits for the shares.
Judgment
Crompton J held that the contract could not be rescinded, since the shares were now worthless. He said where someone wants to exercise the voidable option,
Erle J and Lord Campbell CJ concurred.
See also
English contract law
Misrepresentation in English law
UK company law
Notes
English misrepresentation case law
1858 in case law
1858 in British law
United Kingdom company case law
Jayge Carr is the pen name of American science fiction and fantasy author Margery Ruth Morgenstern Krueger (July 28, 1940 – December 20, 2006), also known as Margery Krueger and Marj Krueger, a former nuclear physicist for NASA. She is best known for her "Rabelais" series.
Life
Carr was born on the 28th of July 1940 in Houston, Texas, where she was also raised. As an adult she lived in Texas and in other states. She studied physics at Carnegie Institute of Technology, Wayne State University, and Case Western Reserve University, which she left before achieving her doctorate to raise a family and write.
On 20 December 2006, Carr died of cancer, leaving a husband, two daughters, two granddaughters, and three sisters. Carr's remains were launched into orbit by Celestis.
Writing career
Carr's first published story, "Alienation" appeared in the science fiction magazine Analog in 1976, and she continued writing through the remainder of her life. She tried to inject a sense of fun into her writing. Regarded by some as a feminist writer, she considered herself more as a "peoplist," dealing with such themes as bigotry and pollution in her fiction.
Bibliography
Nonfiction
Ages of Plutonium-Beryllium Neutrons in Tungsten-Water Media (November 1966)
Rabelais series
Navigator's Sindrome (1983)
The Treasure in the Heart of the Maze (1985)
Rabelaisian Reprise (1988)
Other novels
Leviathan's Deep (1979)
Short stories
"Alienation" (1976)
"The Ax" (1977)
"Right of Passage" (1978)
"Inky" (1978)
"In Adam's Fall" (1979)
"Malthus's Day" (1979)
"The Pavilion Where All Times Meet" (1979)
"Sanctuary" (1979)
"Does Not a Statistic Bleed?" (1979)
"Star Spats" (1980)
"The King Is Dead! Long Live -" (1980)
"Child of the Wandering Sea" (1980)
"The Selfish Genie" (1980)
"The False-True Heir" (1980)
"Hillsong" (1980)
"Mustard Seed" (1981)
"Blind Spot" (1981)
"The Pacifists" (1981)
"Measurement" (1982)
"Lungfish" (1982)
"The Wondrous Works of His Hands" (1982)
"Reunion" (1982)
"Hippocampocracy" (1982)
"The Kidnapped Key" (1983)
"The Spoils of Victory" (1983)
"Monolyth" (1983)
"The Tempest Within" (1983)
"Pieces of Eight" (1984)
"The Piper's Pay" (1984)
"Mudlark and Sky" (1984)
"The Heart in the Egg" (1984)
"Webrider" (1985)
"Finnegan's Wake" (1985)
"Immigrant" (1985)
"Catacombs" (1985)
"Webrider" (1985)
"Drop-Out" (1986)
"Rainbow's End" (1986)
"The Price of Lightning" (1986)
"Inky" (1987)
"Hitchhiker" (1988)
"Chimera" (1989)
"Wart" (1989)
"A Thief in the Night" (1989)
"The Icarus Epidemic" (1990)
"Plumduff Potato-Eye" (1990)
"Computer Portrait" (1990)
"The Kingdom of the Blind Eye" (1991)
"Castles in the Air" (1992)
"The War of '07" (1992) (collected in Mike Resnick's anthology Alternate Presidents)
"Mourning Blue" (1993)
"When Johnny Comes Marching Home Again - And Again - And Again" (1993)
"The Lady or the Tiger" (1993)
"Flea Powder" (1994)
"Roots and Forbidden Fruit" (1994)
"The Widower's Wife" (1996)
"Circus" (1996)
"Ram in Wolf's Clothing" (1997)
"Puss" (1999)
"Reflections" (2000)
"The Queen's Jewels" (2000)
"The Walls That Bind" (2001)
"The Lone Granger" (2002)
"Wimpin' Wady" (2005)
Notes
References
"Margery Ruth Morgenstern Krueger," obituary in the Houston Chronicle, Friday, December 22, 2006, Section B, Page 5.
External links
1940 births
2006 deaths
20th-century American novelists
American fantasy writers
American science fiction writers
American women short story writers
American women novelists
People from Houston
Wayne State University alumni
Novelists from Texas
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American women
Lam Thap (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Krabi province, southern Thailand.
History
The minor district (king amphoe) Lam Thap was established on 30 June 1984, when the two tambons Lam Thap and Din Udom were split off from Khlong Thom district. It was upgraded to a full district on 4 November 1993.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise): Khlong Thom and Khao Phanom of Krabi Province; Thung Yai and Bang Khan of Nakhon Si Thammarat province; and Wang Wiset of Trang province.
Administration
The district is divided into four sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 27 villages (mubans). Lam Thap is a township (thesaban tambon) and covers parts of tambons Lam Thap and Thung Sai Thong. There are a further four tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
References
External links
amphoe.com
Districts of Krabi province
The Centro Andaluz de la Fotografía, created in 1992, is a photographic institution based in Almería, Spain. In 1996 this center was placed under the Directorate General of Historical Heritage Institutions (Dirección General de Instituciones del Patrimonio Histórico).
The foundation is a permanent institution which approaches photography from an interdisciplinary perspective. It currently offers exhibitions, workshops, photographic catalogs issues, research, dissemination, and retrieval of knowledge related to Andalusian photographic heritage.
References
External links
Official site
Institutions of Andalusia
Arts organizations established in 1992
Photography museums and galleries in Spain
1992 establishments in Spain
Museums in Andalusia
Art museums and galleries in Spain
Buildings and structures in Almería
Usmar is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Usmar Ismail (1921–1971), Indonesian film director
Victor Darley-Usmar (born 1956), English biologist and biochemist
William Usmar (1812–1879), English cricket player
Karan Sharma (born 31 October 1998) is an Indian cricketer. He made his Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Uttar Pradesh in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. He made his List A debut on 20 February 2021, for Uttar Pradesh in the 2020–21 Vijay Hazare Trophy. In February 2022, he was bought by the Lucknow Super Giants in the auction for the 2022 Indian Premier League tournament. He made his first-class debut on 17 February 2022, for Uttar Pradesh in the 2021–22 Ranji Trophy.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Uttar Pradesh cricketers
Lucknow Super Giants cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Levanger Fotballklubb is a Norwegian football club located in Levanger. The club currently plays in the 2. divisjon, the third tier of the Norwegian football league system. Founded 20 May 1996, Levanger FK is the result of a merger between SK Nessegutten and IL Sverre.
Recent history
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
!
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Cup
!Notes
|-
|2006
|2. divisjon
|align=right |12
|align=right|26||align=right|7||align=right|8||align=right|11
|align=right|48||align=right|50||align=right|29
|Third round
|
|-
|2007
|2. divisjon
|align=right |10
|align=right|26||align=right|8||align=right|6||align=right|12
|align=right|44||align=right|61||align=right|30
|First round
|
|-
|2008
|2. divisjon
|align=right |5
|align=right|26||align=right|14||align=right|2||align=right|10
|align=right|47||align=right|49||align=right|44
||Second round
|
|-
|2009
|2. divisjon
|align=right |11
|align=right|26||align=right|10||align=right|2||align=right|14
|align=right|26||align=right|58||align=right|32
||Second round
|
|-
|2010
|2. divisjon
|align=right |10
|align=right|26||align=right|8||align=right|5||align=right|13
|align=right|46||align=right|50||align=right|29
||Second round
|
|-
|2011
|2. divisjon
|align=right |7
|align=right|26||align=right|12||align=right|3||align=right|11
|align=right|52||align=right|45||align=right|39
||Second round
|
|-
|2012
|2. divisjon
|align=right |8
|align=right|26||align=right|10||align=right|4||align=right|12
|align=right|53||align=right|48||align=right|34
||First round
|
|-
|2013
|2. divisjon
|align=right |3
|align=right|26||align=right|13||align=right|5||align=right|8
|align=right|61||align=right|43||align=right|44
||Third round
|
|-
|2014
|2. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor=#DDFFDD|1
|align=right|26||align=right|16||align=right|6||align=right|4
|align=right|64||align=right|29||align=right|54
||Second round
|Promoted to 1. divisjon
|-
|2015
|1. divisjon
|align=right |9
|align=right|30||align=right|10||align=right|6||align=right|14
|align=right|48||align=right|53||align=right|36
||Third round
|
|-
|2016
|1. divisjon
|align=right |8
|align=right|30||align=right|13||align=right|6||align=right|11
|align=right|52||align=right|46||align=right|45
||Second round
|
|-
|2017
|1. divisjon
|align=right |7
|align=right|30||align=right|10||align=right|12||align=right|8
|align=right|39||align=right|36||align=right|42
||Third round
|
|-
|2018
|1. divisjon
|align=right bgcolor="#FFCCCC"| 16
|align=right|30||align=right|3||align=right|6||align=right|21
|align=right|32||align=right|71||align=right|15
||Third round
|Relegated to 2. divisjon
|-
|2019
|2. divisjon
|align=right |5
|align=right|26||align=right|13||align=right|2||align=right|11
|align=right|38||align=right|40||align=right|41
||Third round
|
|-
|2020
|2. divisjon
|align=right |8
|align=right|13||align=right|5||align=right|4||align=right|4
|align=right|20||align=right|18||align=right|17
||
|
|-
|2021
|2. divisjon
|align=right |4
|align=right|26||align=right|13||align=right|4||align=right|9
|align=right|65||align=right|41||align=right|43
||Second round
|
|-
|2022 (in progress)
|2. divisjon
|align=right |5
|align=right|16||align=right|7||align=right|4||align=right|5
|align=right|31||align=right|20||align=right|25
||
|
|}
Current squad
References
External links
Official website
TOBB Arena Levanger - Nordic Stadiums
Football clubs in Norway
Sport in Trøndelag
Levanger
Association football clubs established in 1996
1996 establishments in Norway
Smiles is a 1919 American silent war comedy film directed by Arvid E. Gillstrom and starring Jane Lee, Katherine Lee, Ethel Fleming, Val Paul, and Carmen Phillips. The film was released by Fox Film Corporation on February 23, 1919.
Plot
Cast
Jane Lee as Jane
Katherine Lee as Katherine
Ethel Fleming as Lucille Forrest
Val Paul as Tom Hayes
Carmen Phillips as Madame Yelba
Charles Arling as Wagner
Katherine Griffith as Housekeeper
Barbara Maier as Little Girl
Preservation
The film is now considered lost.
See also
List of lost films
1937 Fox vault fire
References
External links
1910s war comedy films
American war comedy films
1919 films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Fox Film films
Lost American films
1919 comedy films
1910s American films
Silent American comedy films
Silent war films
Blaine is a historic community located in Anderson County, South Carolina.
Sources
Von Hasseln, J.H. Map of Anderson County, South Carolina. Anderson, South Carolina, 1897.
Blaine, South Carolina. Geographic Names Information System, U.S. Geological Survey.
Former populated places in South Carolina
Populated places in Anderson County, South Carolina
Volodymyr Pryjma () was a Ukrainian Greek Catholic choir director and martyr.
Pryjma was born on 17 July 1906 in the village of Stradch, Yavoriv District. He graduated from a school for cantors, which was at that time under the care of Metropolitan Andrey Sheptytsky. He was made the cantor and choir director in the local village church in Stradch. Prijma was married with two young children.
On 26 June 1941, four days after the start of the German-Soviet War, agents of the Soviet Union's NKVD mercilessly tortured and murdered him, along with Mykola Konrad, in a forest near Stradch as they were returning from the house of a sick woman who had requested the sacrament of reconciliation. His body had not been found until a week after the murder. He had been stabbed multiple times in the chest with a bayonet.
He was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 27 June 2001.
On Saturday, November 2nd 2019, Volodymyr Pryjma's relics were placed in Holy Eucharist Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral, New Westminster, British Columbia Canada.
Influence
Yurii Sakavronskyi in an interview recounted the martyrdom:
"Fr Konrad went with the holy sacraments to fulfill his sacred obligation, hearing a woman's confession in the neighboring village. He felt he had to go, though he was stopped. I know that they stopped him and said; 'Father, don't go. Look what's happening;the war has started, anything could happen.' He said that this was his sacred duty and that he had to go. He got dressed and left together with Volodymyr Pryjma, the cantor. They didn't come back. After a week, they were found there, murdered. People thought something was wrong. So they went to look for them and found them there. It was awful. The cantor's wife had two children. One was three, the other was four. Momma told how when they were found everyone was overcome by what they saw. The cantor was especially cut up, his chest stabbed with a bayonet many times."
References
Biographies of twenty five Greek-Catholic Servants of God at the website of the Vatican
Beatification of the Servants of God on June 27, 2001 at the website of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church
Alan Butler, Paul Burns. Butler's lives of the saints. Continuum International Publishing Group, 2005. p76
1906 births
1941 deaths
People from Lviv Oblast
People from the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Ukrainian Austro-Hungarians
Members of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church
Ukrainian beatified people
Catholic people executed by the Soviet Union
Ukrainian people executed by the Soviet Union
People executed by stabbing
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Michael Gabriel Martínez Tiburcio (born September 16, 1982) is a Dominican professional baseball utility player for the High Point Rockers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Philadelphia Phillies, Pittsburgh Pirates, Cleveland Indians, Boston Red Sox, and Tampa Bay Rays.
Professional career
Washington Nationals
Martínez began in the Washington Nationals organization, commencing his professional career in 2006. That year, he played for the Vermont Lake Monsters, Savannah Sand Gnats and Potomac Nationals, hitting a combined .265 with 11 stolen bases in 82 games. In 2007, he played for the Hagerstown Suns and hit .250 with 13 stolen bases in 116 games. He played for the Potomac Nationals and Harrisburg Senators in 2009, posting a .259 batting average with 10 steals. In 2010, he played for the Senators and Syracuse Chiefs, hitting a combined .272 with 11 home runs and 23 stolen bases.
Philadelphia Phillies
The Philadelphia Phillies selected Martínez from the Nationals after the 2011 season as a Rule 5 draft pick. He made the Phillies' Opening Day roster as a reserve player. He made his major league debut on April 3 against the Houston Astros and recorded his first major league hit and RBI. He hit his first major league career home run on July 17 against the New York Mets. He spent the season acting as a utility infielder and outfielder, recording a .196 batting average with 3 home runs and 24 RBI in 89 games. Due to his remaining on the club's roster for the entire regular season, he remained in the organization thereafter per Rule 5 regulations.
Martínez opened the 2012 year on the Disabled List due to a broken foot suffered during Spring Training. He joined the Lehigh Valley IronPigs, the Phillies' Triple-A affiliate, in early June. After playing only one game with Lehigh Valley, Martínez returned to the Phillies' 25-man roster following an injury to second baseman Freddy Galvis. On June 27, Martínez was optioned to Lehigh Valley to make room for Chase Utley. Martínez was called up again when Mike Fontenot was designated for assignment.
Martínez began 2013 at Triple-A, but his contract was purchased on May 24 because Chase Utley was placed on the 15-day DL. He was designated for assignment on June 22, and outrighted off the roster on October 3. He elected free agency on October 8. In 29 games for the Phillies in 2013, he hit .175 with 3 RBI.
Pittsburgh Pirates
On December 18, 2013, the Pittsburgh Pirates signed Martínez to a minor league deal. His contract was selected from the Triple-A Indianapolis Indians on June 12, and he was optioned back to Indianapolis on August 19. He was designated for assignment on September 2, 2014, when the contract of Chase d'Arnaud was selected and was added to the 40-man roster. Martínez elected free agency in October 2014.
Cleveland Indians
Martínez signed a minor league deal with the Cleveland Indians on February 11, 2015. On April 9, 2015 he was assigned to the Triple-A Columbus Clippers. The Indians purchased his contract from Columbus on September 4, 2015 and added him to the major-league roster. On July 2, 2016, Martínez was designated for assignment to make room on the 25-man roster for Shawn Morimando after a 19-inning game the day before that exhausted the entire bullpen. He hit .283 in 60 at-bats for the Indians. He was the final out of the 2016 World Series against the Chicago Cubs.
Boston Red Sox
On July 8, 2016, Martínez was traded to the Boston Red Sox in exchange for cash. During his time with Boston, Martínez hit .167/.286/.167 with no home runs and no RBI in 6 at bats. Martínez appeared in 4 games and starting in one game, playing in right field.
Second stint with the Indians
After being designated for assignment by the Red Sox on August 2, 2016, Martínez was claimed by the Indians off waivers on August 4. Martínez hit into the final out to Kris Bryant in the Indians' Game 7 loss in the 2016 World Series to the Chicago Cubs, which was their first World Series championship in 108 years. On November 23, 2016, he was outrighted to Triple-A. He signed a new minor league contract with the Indians organization on December 1.
The Indians purchased Martínez's contract on April 2, 2017, adding him to their 2017 opening day roster. Martínez was designated for assignment on May 14, 2017.
Tampa Bay Rays
On May 18, 2017, the Tampa Bay Rays acquired Martínez in exchange for cash considerations. He was designated for assignment on June 19 to create room for Trevor Plouffe. He became a free agent on June 23, 2017.
Third stint with the Indians
Martínez signed a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians on June 25, 2017. He elected free agency on November 6, 2017, and signed a minor league contract with the Indians on December 2 with an invitation to spring training in 2018. He elected free agency on November 3, 2018.
Lancaster Barnstormers
On March 11, 2019, Martínez signed with the Lancaster Barnstormers of the independent Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He became a free agent after the 2020 season.
High Point Rockers
On March 9, 2021, Martínez signed with the High Point Rockers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He became a free agent following the season. On February 8, 2022, Martínez re-signed with the Rockers for the 2022 season.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Boston Red Sox players
Clearwater Threshers players
Cleveland Indians players
Columbus Clippers players
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in the United States
Estrellas Orientales players
Hagerstown Suns players
Harrisburg Senators players
High Point Rockers players
Indianapolis Indians players
Lancaster Barnstormers players
Lehigh Valley IronPigs players
Major League Baseball players from the Dominican Republic
Philadelphia Phillies players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Potomac Nationals players
Savannah Sand Gnats players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Tampa Bay Rays players
Vermont Lake Monsters players
Yaquis de Obregón players
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Sportspeople from Santo Domingo
Mount Glendowan is a summit in Alberta, Canada. Its name comes from the Glendowan Mountains, in Ireland.
References
Glendowan
Alberta's Rockies
Marka Coungo is a small town and seat of the commune of Zan Coulibaly in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.
References
Populated places in Koulikoro Region
John Mavor was a pioneer in the design of MOS transistors and Charge-Coupled Devices (CCDs) for signal processing. During his career as an educator and researcher at the University of Edinburgh he was appointed Professor before becoming Dean of the Faculty of Science and Engineering. He was subsequently appointed as Principal and Vice-Chancellor at Edinburgh Napier University.
Education
Born in Ayrshire, Scotland, John Mavor was educated in London. He gained a BSc (Hons) from City University and PhD and DSc (Eng) degrees also from London and, later, Honorary DSc (Eng) awards from both City and Greenwich Universities.
Career
Following his PhD in Metal-Oxide Silicon (MOS) transistors, in 1968 he joined Texas Instruments before moving to the Glenrothes subsidiary of Hughes Aircraft Company, a key centre for microelectronics in Silicon Glen.
He was appointed lecturer at The University of Edinburgh by Ewart Farvis in 1971 where he held two consecutive chairs: the Lothian Chair of Microelectronics (1980–85); and the Chair of Electrical Engineering (1986-1994). He became Dean of Science and Engineering in 1989 after being Head of Electrical Engineering from 1984. Although a prominent academic, he consulted with many companies including Plessey, ICI, Thorn-EMI and General Instruments.
Mavor's most active research was in MOS transistors and Charge-Coupled Devices (CCDs) for signal processing, in conjunction with a number of research students, notably: Don MacLennan, Neil Weste, Peter Denyer, Colin Cowan, Colin Carruthers and Neil Petrie. Together with John Arthur from Wolfson Microelectronics they designed analogue miniature monolithic correlators with up to 256-point capability. These were later extended into CCD adaptive filters. He also researched on the companion switched capacitor techniques. He held several contracts with the MOD at RSRE Malvern (radar) and AUWE Portland (sonar). In 1980 he initiated collaborative research with Philips Components Ltd. (Mullard), Southampton, on MOS/CCD signal processing for infrared sensors. These focal plane arrays exceeded 64x64 pixels and were employed in commercial and military systems. His research cooperation led to the International Charge-Coupled Devices Conference Series, co-organised by Isaac Lagnado of NOSC, San Diego and Dennis Buss of Texas Instruments.
From 1994-2002 Mavor was appointed Principal and Vice-Chancellor of Edinburgh Napier University. Here he formed ‘research pillars' to strengthen interdisciplinarity, e.g. the Transport Research Institute, coordinating activity in this area across the university. He developed each of the campuses: at Craighouse with a new teaching building; at Craiglockhart with a new Business School lecture theatre; and at Merchiston a 500-seat student computing facility. In 1995 the Scottish Office decided to place the Health Board Colleges into the higher education sector with Mavor securing the largest Napier contract to create a new Faculty, and form the biggest health studies unit in Scotland. Mavor was Principal in 2000 when the university was accused, by student leaders, of allowing the institution to slide into crisis.
After Mavor retired he pursued a post-graduate degree at The University of Edinburgh in Social & Economic History. This resulted in an MPhil on Walter Montgomerie Neilson, who was a Victorian businessman and, arguably, the father of steam locomotive production in Glasgow who founded the North British Locomotive Company Ltd.
Recognition
He achieved several distinctions: Fellow of the IEEE; Chartered Engineer and Chartered Physicist; Fellow of both the Institution of Electrical Engineers and the Institute of Physics. In 1989 he was elected Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh becoming Vice-President for Physical Sciences, and in 1994 a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Scottish engineers
20th-century Scottish educators
20th-century British engineers
British electronics engineers
Academics of Edinburgh Napier University
The Brunei Darussalam Red Crescent Society was established in 1997. It has its headquarters in Bandar Seri Begawan
External links
IFRC profile page
Official Red Cross Web Site
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
Organizations established in 1997
1997 establishments in Brunei
Medical and health organisations based in Brunei
The Meiji Yasuda J.League KONAMI Monthly MVP is an association football award that recognises the best player each month of the season in the J1 League, J2 League, and J3 League.
The first awards were given in the 2013 season to J1 League and J2 League players. The J3 League was created in 2014, but they weren't included in the awards until the 2019 season.
The winners are chosen by a selection committee currently made up of a mix of J.League officials, commentators and some members of the media. A selection committee meeting is held each month where the members cast their votes for the winners of the MVP award. The winners receive prize money (J1: 300,000 yen, J2: 200,000 yen, J3: 100,000 yen) and their award is presented on the player's first home game following the announcement.
It has been previously known as the Coca-Cola J.League Monthly MVP (2013-2014), Meiji Yasuda J.League Coca-Cola Monthly MVP (2015), Meiji Yasuda J.League Monthly MVP (2016), Meiji Yasuda J.League Mastercard priceless japan Monthly MVP (2017–2018); since the 2019 season, it has been known as the Meiji Yasuda J.League KONAMI Monthly MVP.
Takashi Usami has been named Monthly MVP the most, winning 5 awards across both the J1 and J2 League. No player has ever won consecutive J1 or J3 League awards, but three players have won consecutive J2 League awards: Akihiro Ienaga, Jong Tae-se and Leonardo. Jong won three J2 MVP awards in the 2016 season, the most of any player in a single season across all three leagues.
J1 League
List of winners
Multiple winners
Awards won by nationality
Awards won by club
J2 League
List of winners
Multiple winners
Awards won by nationality
Awards won by club
J3 League
List of winners
Multiple winners
Awards won by nationality
Awards won by club
References
External links
MVP of the month
J.League trophies and awards
Association football player non-biographical articles
Edward "Ted" Campbell (third ¼ 1943 – 27 July 2015) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s. He played at club level for Wakefield Trinity (Heritage № 680) (two spells), and York, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Background
Ted Campbell's birth was registered in Wakefield, West Riding of Yorkshire, England, and he died after a long illness aged 71 in Royston, South Yorkshire, England.
Playing career
Championship Final appearances
Ted Campbell played right-, i.e. number 10, in Wakefield Trinity's 21-9 victory over St. Helens in the Championship Final replay during the 1966–67 season at Station Road, Swinton on Wednesday 10 May 1967.
County Cup Final appearances
Ted Campbell played left-, i.e. number 8, in Wakefield Trinity's 18-2 victory over Leeds in the 1964 Yorkshire County Cup Final during the 1964–65 season at Fartown Ground, Huddersfield on Saturday 31 October 1964.
Club career
Ted Campbell made his début for Wakefield Trinity during August 1962, he made his last appearance for Wakefield Trinity (in his first spell) during February 1970, made his début for Wakefield Trinity (in his second spell) during February 1973, he made his last appearance for Wakefield Trinity (in his second spell) during the 1975–76 season, he appears to have scored no drop-goals (or field-goals as they are currently known in Australasia), but prior to the 1974–75 season all goals, whether; conversions, penalties, or drop-goals, scored 2-points, consequently prior to this date drop-goals were often not explicitly documented, therefore '0' drop-goals may indicate drop-goals not recorded, rather than no drop-goals scored.
References
External links
Search for "Campbell" at rugbyleagueproject.org
RIP TED CAMPBELL (1943-2015)ĎŔƑ
1943 births
2015 deaths
English rugby league players
Rugby league players from Wakefield
Rugby league props
Wakefield Trinity players
York Wasps players
Tiriolo is a town and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. It was the birthplace of Renaissance painter Marco Cardisco.
"The houses in the historic center, perched like in a nativity scene, make up the old part of the town, while the new buildings extend along the foot of the hill, nestled between the mountain and the valleys.
Legend traces the origins of the settlement of Tiriolo back to Hellenic people six centuries before the Trojan War or even identifies it with the mythical Scherìa, the happy homeland of the Homeric people of the Phaeacians. Archaeological findings, however, support the hypothesis of the existence of a dwelling nucleus since the Neolithic, as revealed by finds such as polished axes, rudimentary chisels and obsidian scrapers. The subsequent Roman presence finds its most relevant testimony in the famous bronze tablet engraved with a text concerning the Senatus Consultum de Bacchanalibus, a decree of the second century. AC. with which the Roman senate prohibited the Bacchanalia, orgiastic rites in which even the elites participated and therefore considers it the context of possible conspiracies against the state. The artefact, found in 1640, is now in the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna, offered in 1727 as a tribute to the Emperor Charles VI of Habsburg."
Geography
The town is bordered by Catanzaro, Gimigliano, Marcellinara, Miglierina, San Pietro Apostolo and Settingiano.
Gallery
Notes and references
External links
Tourist Association
Cities and towns in Calabria
Solvent degreasing is a process used to prepare a part for further operations such as electroplating or painting. Typically it uses petroleum, chlorine, dry ice or alcohol based solvents to dissolve the machining fluids and other contaminants that might be on the part.
Process
To begin with, a cleaning agent is applied directly to the surface by spraying, brushing, blasting or wiping. This process removes oil, grease, dirt, loose particles, and any other contaminants that may exist on the surface of the material.
Characteristics include: cleans almost all electronic assemblies, electrical components, and almost all metals. Parts are usually dried at an elevated temperature, however usually not below room temperature. However if you're cleaning by dry ice blasting objects are left dry and clean. Almost any size or shape of a part can be cleaned.
Spraying
The most common cold solvent operation, this is usually used in small maintenance degreasers using a petroleum or mineral solvent. Usually to remove the bulk of the material, and prepare it for the cleaning tank. Although if the part does not need to be perfectly clean, then the operation can be ended after spraying. Spraying can also be used as a prequel other degreasing operations such as vapor degreasing which gives a better clean.
Immersion
The part is immersed in a tank of solvent and usually agitated like a washing machine for clothes to get all of the contaminant off. It is then hung on a rack over the tank to allow drying. This is not to be confused with pickling, during which the part would be soaked in the bath for an extended period of time. This operation covers a relatively short period and doesn't clean as deeply as pickling.
Soaking is typically the most common application of this process. The material is left to soak until all the dirt or contaminates are removed from the surface. However, the work piece may also be sprayed or have solvent directly wiped on it. These two applications are typically used for spot cleaning
Due to the ability of the solvent to reach in all places, virtually all parts of any shape or size can be cleaned using solvent degreasing. The only restriction lies in the size of equipment available. Solvent degreasing equipment is available in a wide variety of sizes and shapes and mainly consists of a submersion tank. However, some degreasing equipment has a circulation and filtering system or some sort of elevation mechanism.
Design considerations
Benefits
The emissions are reduced when compared with vapor degreasing operations.
Not as much venting is required, so it is easier to quickly set up a small degreasing operation.
Liquid solvents are safer to deal with than vapor degreasing agents.
Challenges
There is a high danger of fire when using petroleum and mineral solvents.
The emissions from this type of operation, although less than those of other operations, are still considerable, and solvent degreasing has an environmental impact.
Solvents are difficult to dispose of, and there are many government regulations on them.
References
See also
Parts cleaning
Industrial processes
Metalworking
Bobrow may refer to:
Bobrów, Legnica County, village in Gmina Miłkowice, Legnica County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (SW Poland)
People
Andy Bobrow, American television writer and producer
Daniel G. Bobrow (1935–2017), American computer scientist
Martin Bobrow (born 1938), British geneticist
Mitchell Bobrow (born 1950), American martial arts fighter
Warren Bobrow, American mixologist and chef
See also
Bobrowski
The 2010 Canada Cup of Curling was held December 1–5, 2010 at the Medicine Hat Arena in Medicine Hat, Alberta. The Glenn Howard rink won their first Canada Cup on the men's side while Stefanie Lawton won her second cup. Glenn Howard's win marks the first time that a non-Alberta men's team won a Canada Cup.
Qualification
Woman 's
Defending champion: Shannon Kleibrink
2010 Scotties Tournament of Hearts champions: Jennifer Jones
Canadian Olympic Team: Cheryl Bernard
2010 Players' Champion: Cheryl Bernard (replaced by next best team on the 2009-10 CTRS ranking list, Kelly Scott)
2010 Curlers Corner Autumn Gold Curling Classic winner: Bingyu Wang (ineligible; replaced by next best team on the CTRS, Heather Nedohin)
2010 Manitoba Lotteries Women's Curling Classic winner: Chelsea Carey
2010 Southwestern Ontario Women's Charity Cashspiel winner: Shelley Nichols
2009-10 CTRS team: Amber Holland
2009-10 CTRS team: Stefanie Lawton
2009-10 CTRS team: Krista McCarville
Man 's
Defending champion: Kevin Martin
2010 Tim Hortons Brier champion: Kevin Koe
Canadian Olympic Team: Kevin Martin (replaced by next best team on the 2009-10 CTRS ranking list, Glenn Howard)
2010 Players' Champion: Brad Gushue
2010 Westcoast Curling Classic winner: Kevin Martin (replaced by Mathew Camm)
2010 Cactus Pheasant Classic winner: Kevin Martin (replaced by Brent Bawel)
2010 Challenge Casino Lac Leamy winner: Serge Reid
2009-10 CTRS team: Jeff Stoughton
2009-10 CTRS team: Randy Ferbey (replaced by Rob Fowler)
2009-10 CTRS team: Mike McEwen
Man 's
Teams
Round Robin Standings
Round Robin Results
Draw 2
Wednesday, December 1, 12:30 pm
Draw 4
Wednesday, December 1, 8:30 pm
Draw 5
Thursday, December 2, 9:00 am
Draw 6
Thursday, December 2, 1:30 pm
Draw 7
Thursday, December 2, 6:00 pm
Draw 8
Friday, December 3, 9:00 am
Draw 9
Friday, December 3, 1:30 pm
Draw 10
Friday, December 3, 6:00 pm
Tiebreaker
Friday, December 3, 9:30 pm
Playoffs
1 vs. 2
Saturday, December 4, 8:30 am
3 vs. 4
Saturday, December 4, 8:30 am
Semifinal
Saturday, December 4, 6:30 pm
Final
Sunday, December 5, 12:30 pm
Woman 's
Teams
Round Robin Standings
Round Robin Results
Draw 1
Wednesday, December 1, 8:30 am
Draw 3
Wednesday, December 1, 4:30 pm
Draw 5
Thursday, December 2, 9:00 am
Draw 6
Thursday, December 2, 1:30 pm
Draw 7
Thursday, December 2, 6:00 pm
Draw 8
Friday, December 3, 9:00 am
Draw 9
Friday, December 3, 1:30 pm
Draw 10
Friday, December 3, 6:00 pm
Playoffs
1 vs. 2
Saturday, December 4, 8:30 am
3 vs. 4
Saturday, December 4, 8:30 am
Semifinal
Saturday, December 4, 1:30 pm
Final
Sunday, December 5, 11:00 am
External links
Event site
Canada Cup Of Curling, 2010
Canada Cup (curling)
Sport in Medicine Hat
December 2010 sports events in Canada
Curling in Alberta
2010 in Alberta
"Borderline" is a song by British producer Michael Gray featuring Shelly Poole of Alisha's Attic. It was released in August 2006 as Gray's second single. While "Borderline" failed to match the success of its predecessor, "The Weekend", it entered the top 50 on various record charts, including those of Australia, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, and the United Kingdom.
Content
The song contains a sample replay of Chapter 8's 1979 R&B hit "Ready for Your Love".
Music video
The music video does not include Michael Gray or Shelly Poole. It features dancer Keeley Malone lying on a sun chair touching another dancer and lipsynching parts of the song - this scene switches back and forth through others which are of female dancers (including Shelina Gallacher among others) on rooftops of buildings in London (St. Paul's Cathedral can be seen at times in the background, and at least one location is believed to be 8-10 New Fetter Ln, EC4). The outfits in the video consist of what looks like; a white schoolgirl top and black tie, a black coat, a black bikini bottom, black stockings and black heels (as seen in the video screenshot). The video has been banned on 3 UK TV channels as a result. It was directed by Phil Griffin.
Track listings
UK CD single
"Borderline" (radio edit) – 3:15
"Borderline" (original mix) – 7:35
"Borderline" (vocal club mix) – 6:25
"Borderline" (Dennis Christopher's Vocal Mix) – 7:06
"Borderline" (Spencer & Hill Mix) – 5:58
"Borderline" (video)
UK and US digital download
"Borderline" (radio edit) – 3:15
"Borderline" (club mix) – 6:09
"Borderline" (Disciples of Sound Vocal Mix) – 8:28
"Borderline" (Disciples of Sound dub mix) – 8:27
"Borderline" (Spencer & Hill Mix) – 5:56
"Borderline" (Spencer & Hill Dub Mix) – 5:57
"Borderline" (Michael's Neon Wave Vocal Mix) – 7:10
"Borderline" (Michael's Neon Wave Dub Mix) – 5:54
"Borderline" (Dennis Christopher's Vocal Mix) – 7:06
"Borderline" (Dennis Christopher's Dub Mix) – 6:51
"Borderline" (Dennis Christopher's Alternative Dub Mix) – 7:06
European CD single
"Borderline" (radio edit) – 3:15
"Borderline" (vocal club mix) – 5:54
"Borderline" (Michael Gray's Neon Wave Vocal Mix) – 7:10
"Borderline" (Lee "Muddy" Baker Acoustic Mix) – 3:12
Australian CD single
"Borderline" (radio edit) – 3:15
"Borderline" (Lee "Muddy" Baker Acoustic Mix) – 3:12
"Borderline" (Ian Carey Mix) – 6:55
"Borderline" (original mix) – 7:20
"Borderline" (vocal club mix) – 6:09
"Borderline" (Dennis Christopher's Vocal Mix) – 7:05
"Borderline" (Spencer & Hill Mix) – 5:57
Australian and New Zealand digital download
"Borderline" (radio edit) – 3:14
"Borderline" (Lee "Muddy" Baker Acoustic Mix) – 3:11
"Borderline" (Ian Carey Mix) – 6:54
"Borderline" – 7:19
"Borderline" (vocal club mix) – 6:09
"Borderline" (Dennis Christopher's Vocal Mix) – 7:05
"Borderline" (Spencer & Hill Mix) – 5:56
"Borderline" (Neon Wave Vocal Mix) – 7:14
"Borderline" (Disciples of Sound Vocal Mix) – 8:32
"Borderline" (Gianluca Motto "Soho" Mix) – 8:27
"Borderline" (Pain & Rossini Mix) – 6:40
Credits and personnel
Producer, mixing, keyboards, programming: Michael Gray
Vocals: Shelly Poole
Sample replay: Mark Summers, Scorccio.com
Bass: James Winchester
Photography: Luciana
Photography, Video Director: Phil Griffin
Recorded at Sultra Studios UK
Charts
Release history
References
2005 songs
2006 singles
Songs written by Shelly Poole
Universal Music Group singles
Türker Özenbaş (born 1936) is a Turkish former sports shooter. He competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1936 births
Living people
Turkish male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Turkey
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Istanbul
Alexander Sokolov 1955-2022 was a direct-carving or taille directe marble sculptor. He spent time working and exhibiting in Ireland, France and Spain, which has led to the distribution of his more central continental style within Iberia. The book Sokolov by the renowned Basque poet and critic Marrodán is to be found at the libraries of the many Spanish Universities and Royal Academies of Fine Art.
The sculptor studied and lived in the studios of Miklos Dallos at his outset in Paris in the mid-1970s. Sokolov was seen by Marrodán as emanating from the French School of sculpture and there is a chain of teaching influence through Miklos Dallos and Marcel Gimond back to Antoine Bourdelle and Aristide Maillol. Sokolov, who in French manner elicits response within the bare subject of the torso and the nude, as does Dallos, also has, like Gimond, a strength for portraiture.
That specification of sculpture as tension of force between the under-lying helicoidal axis and superposed rhythm of planes in Sokolov is tempered by the artist's choice to work, free from preparatory modelling, in direct-carving. The modernism of the French school of Sculpture developed in modelling but Sokolov's direct-carving is informed by the revolutionary carving influences of Brâncuși and the later Henry Moore. As a portraitist, Sokolov is unusual as working by taille directe, but the helicoidal axis teaching shapes the majority of his large body of work in the human figure and nude. Such movement about the axis would be a continuation of the Italian Art termed Mannerist.
Alexander Sokolov, who has worked between studios in Ireland and Olula del Rio in Spain, has exhibited seventeen one man shows in European cities.
External links
Archive
Biography
Live
References
Mario Ángel Marrodán, Sokolov: esculturas, La Gran Enciclopedia Vasca, 1993, link :
Spanish sculptors
Spanish male sculptors
1955 births
Living people
Wark Forest is the name of the southern part of Kielder Forest in Northumberland England. Wark Forest is found within the south-west tip of Northumberland National Park. It is near the village of Wark on Tyne to the south.
Forests and woodlands of Northumberland
The Man from Music Mountain may refer to one of two films:
The Man from Music Mountain (1938 film), American western film starring Gene Autry
The Man from Music Mountain (1943 film), American western film starring Roy Rogers and Trigger
NHL 2013 may refer to:
2012–13 NHL season
2013–14 NHL season
NHL 13, video game
2013 National Hurling League
Harry D. Harootunian (born 1929) is an American historian of early modern and modern Japan with an interest in historical theory. He is Professor Emeritus of East Asian Studies, New York University, and Max Palevsky Professor of History and Civilizations, Emeritus, University of Chicago.
Harootunian edited volumes on 20th-century politics in Japan, but is best known for a series of wide-ranging monographs on the development of Japanese social and intellectual thought from late Tokugawa period through the middle of the 20th century.
Career
Harootunian took his Ph.D. in History in 1958 from University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, where he studied under John Whitney Hall, after earning a master's degree there in Far Eastern Studies in 1953. He is a 1951 graduate of Wayne State University. He has taught at University of Rochester, University of Chicago, University of California, Santa Cruz, where he was Dean of Humanities, and New York University.
He was Editor, Journal of Asian Studies, Coeditor, Critical Inquiry, and with Rey Chow and Masao Miyoshi, co-edited the Asia-Pacific series for Duke University Press.
Scholarship on Japanese intellectual history
Harootunian's first monograph, Toward Restoration; the Growth of Political Consciousness in Tokugawa Japan (1970), deals with the period when a stable feudal Japan began to show tensions, leading up to the opening of the country in the 1850s and the Meiji Restoration in 1868. Kenneth Pyle, reviewing the book in the American Historical Review, wrote that many historians saw the Meiji Restoration not as a revolution but as a change carried out in the name of tradition by men who did not foresee its social ramifications. Harutoonian, said Pyle, “has little patience with this view.” The book attacked the “inordinate effort to minimize the revolutionary dimensions of the Meiji Restoration and argued instead that the activists were “no less eager to repudiate history than French revolutionaries in 1789. The values they espoused were traditional in name only.” Only the vocabulary was traditional. Pyle adds that “this is not an easy book” but the approach to intellectual history is “nonetheless intelligent and imaginative.”
Things Seen and Unseen: Discourse and Ideology in Tokugawa Nativism (1988) focuses on Kokugaku, which Harootunian translates as "nativist," a loosely related group that resisted Sinocentric, or Chinese, traditions and developed new frameworks which emphasized home-grown thought. Their ideas were then used by groups, especially agrarian elites, outside the capital and major cities to assert their legitimacy on the basis of Japanese traditions. The thinkers included such men as Kamo Mabuchi (1697-1769), Motoori Norinaga (1730-1801), and their successors, such as Hirata Atsutane (1776-1843). Samuel H. Yamashita, writing in the Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies, said “without a doubt" this is "an extraordinary book... offering nothing less than a reinterpretation of the kokugaku movement, one that diverges in content and form from the existing scholarship, both Western and Japanese.” Yamashita saw echoes of Michel Foucault in Harootunian's drive to uncover the rules, rituals, and education that determine what is right and what is wrong and what it is possible to think. He also saw the influence of Hayden White in Harootunian's attention to language and formal structure, Harootunian, wrote Yamashita, wants to show how kokugaku scholars resisted and contested the prevailing "official culture and ideology." The last chapters of the book show that this kokugaku thought was misappropriated by political figures in the early 20th century for chauvinistic purposes. Yamashita added that this “is not, by conventional standards, a very readable book, but the puzzling and occasionally obtuse prose was partly intended" and that "readers unfamiliar with the issues being discussed and the theoretical material invoked will miss the main points of the book.”
Overcome by Modernity (2000) deals with the artists, critics, philosophers, poets, and social scientists of the 1920s and 1930s, a period when Japan had entered into the “heroic phase of capitalism.” They were caught in the dilemma of explaining why Japan had to overcome “modernity” while explaining why it could not. Jeffrey Hanes of the University of Oregon, wrote in the American Historical Review, that “this is a formidable book” that is a “challenging sometimes maddening read, but one that rewards us with a terrifically insightful and poignant evocation of Japan's attempts to come to grips with the modern world into which it was thrust and into which it then threw itself.”
Cultural studies, critical theory, and critique of Area Studies
Harootunian was a proponent of the movement to adapt and apply critical theory in a way that would put Japan in the same frame of analysis as other capitalist countries rather than making it exotic. John Lie, a University of California, Berkeley sociologist, reviewed the use of cultural studies in the Japan field and saw Harutoonian and his University of Chicago colleague Tetsuo Najita as pioneers whose impact spread from Chicago through their example and the graduate students they trained. Lie referred to the two collectively as "Najitunian" The University of Hawaii historian Patricia G. Steinhoff talked of the "paradigm shift" in the 1980s in which the field of Japanese studies learned to "speak Najitunian."
Both Lie and Steinhoff showed caution. Lie in particular objected to the influence of Edward Said's Orientalism and used the "University of Chicago School" as an example. Lie's objection was that this approach put all Asian countries into one category, did not give enough weight to historical change, and did not place enough emphasis on class differences. In reply to a review by Ian Buruma, however, Harutoonian stated "I am not now nor have I ever been either a 'deconstructionist' or for that matter a Maoist."
Harootunian deplored the overuse of modernization theory in the development of the field, especially the involvement and distorting influence of government agencies and private foundations such as the Rockefeller Foundation and the Ford Foundation. The volume Harutoonian edited with Masao Miyoshi in 2002, Learning Places: The Afterlives of Area Studies is a collection of essays that critically examine the rise of Area Studies during the Cold War, then analyze the late 20th century, post-Cold War "need of foreign governments, mostly outside Euro-America, to pay American universities and colleges to teach courses on their histories and societies." The Japanese, Korean, and Taiwanese governments especially felt this need. The editors argue that Area Studies movement was based on the wartime need to study the enemy, but "fifty years after the war's end, American scholars are still organizing knowledge as if confronted by an implacable enemy and thus driven by the desire to either destroy it or marry it." Universities seek to maintain this structure by soliciting these foreign donations. The Association for Asian Studies, continue Harutoonian and Miyoshi, therefore missed the opportunity to make the study of Asia into a part of the general learning of the world rather than closing off the study of individual nations. Area Studies also suffers from accepting the traditional disciplines. The newer cultural studies, on the other hand, rise above national borders or dissolve disciplinary boundaries.
In Marx after Marx: History and Time in the Expansion of Capitalism (2015) Harootunian argues that "Western Marxism" should not be allowed to offer a purely European explanation of capitalism, since Marx himself offered a "deprovincialized" analysis rooted in Asia, Africa, and Latin America.
Selected publications
History's Disquiet: Modernity, Cultural Practice and the Question of the Everyday Life, Columbia University Press, 2000. .
Overcome by Modernity: History, Culture and Commodity in Interwar Japan, Princeton University Press, 2000. ()
with Masao Miyoshi, Japan in the World, ed., Duke University Press, 1993. ()
with Masao Miyoshi, Postmodernism in Japan, Duke University Press, 1989. ()
Things Seen and Unseen: Discourse and Ideology in Tokugawa Nativism, University of Chicago Press, 1988. ()
with Bernard S. Silberman, and Gail Lee Bernstein. Japan in Crisis: Essays on Taisho Democracy. (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1974). ISBN
with Bernard S. Silberman. Modern Japanese Leadership; Transition and Change. (Tucson: University of Arizona Press, 1966). ISBN
with Vera Micheles Dean, West and Non-West: New Perspectives, an Anthology. (New York: Holt, Contemporary Civilizations Series, 1963). ISBN
Notes
References
External links
Texts on Harry D. Harootunian Compiled by Eddie Yeghiayan, University of California, Irvine, Critical Theory Resource.
Harootunian, Harry D. 1929- WorldCat Authority Page.
Living people
New York University faculty
University of Chicago faculty
1929 births
American Japanologists
American historians of philosophy
Wayne State University alumni
University of Michigan alumni
1138 is the natural number following 1137 and preceding 1139.
George Lucas references
Filmmaker George Lucas places the number 1138 into many of his Lucasfilm productions and LucasArts games. It was first referenced in Lucas' college short film Electronic Labyrinth: THX 1138 4EB, later remade into the 1971 feature film THX 1138.
References in Lucas's films
American Graffiti (1973): The number-plate of Paul Le Mat's deuce coupe is THX 138.
Star Wars (1977): 1138 is the number of the cell block on the Death Star that Luke Skywalker claims to be transferring Chewbacca from. Additionally, the Imperial Stormtrooper suit Luke Skywalker stole in the Death Star belongs to a Stormtrooper with the registration TK-421, but this was scripted and appears in the novelization as THX 1138. Finally, when C-3PO asks Han and Luke what they should do if they are discovered in the hangar control of the Death Star, the monitor behind the robots shows "THX/1138".
The Empire Strikes Back (1980): In an approximation of the 1138 meme, General Rieekan issues the following order: "Send Rogues 10 and 11 to Station 3-8".
Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981): The number is heard spoken through an intercom in German, "Eins-eins-drei-acht". The wing number on a plane also reads THX-1138.
Return of the Jedi (1983): The number 1138 is inscribed on the side of Boushh's helmet.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade (1989): 1138 is shown in Roman numerals (MCXXXVIII) in Dr. Jones' notebook in the library scene.
Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace (1999): 1138 can be seen on the back of the battle droid that Jar Jar Binks hits over the head after the destruction of the droid control ship.
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones (2002): When Mace Windu orders a clone pilot to land in an assembly area, 1138 can be seen on the back of the pilot's helmet in LED lights. Later, when Padmé tumbles down a sand dune, 1138 can be briefly seen inscribed in the sand.
Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith (2005): Although not spoken or seen in the final film, CC-1138 is the numerical designation for Commander Bacara, one of the clone troopers seen in the Order 66 sequence. The DVD release contains an Easter egg where a short video clip of Yoda break dancing is shown when the numbers 1-1-3-8 are entered on a remote control.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull (2008): A 1932 Ford Roadster in the opening scene has a license plate reading THX 138, as tribute to American Graffiti.
In other media and films
Maniac Mansion: The number-plate of the Edison's Edsel car is THX 1138. The code for the safe is 1138. It is also one of the randomly chosen numbers for the Meteor Police in the NES and Commodore 64 versions.
Zak McKracken and the Alien Mindbenders: The phone bill says Zak owes $1138.
Outlaws: The train in the introduction has the number 1138 on its front.
Escape from Monkey Island: When Guybrush meets with his future self in the Mists O' Tyme Marsh, he asks him "If you really are me, then what number am I thinking right now?" One of the answers his alter ego might give is "1138". Later in the game, Guybrush meets a ghostly priest who has deified LeChuck, and also believes in "the Anti-LeChuck", a demonized version of Guybrush with 1138 tattooed on his forehead.
Star Tours: When a guest is waiting in this Disney attraction's spaceport, various announcements can be heard over a PA system in between R2-D2 and C-3PO's conversations—one says: "will the owners of a red-and-black landspeeder, vehicle ID THX-1138, please return to your craft. You are parked in a no-hover area."
Star Wars: The Clone Wars: In Episode 1, Season 3, the final test for the clone cadets is retrieved from file THX, variable 1138.
Star Wars: The Force Unleashed: Stormtroopers in the medical room refer to Starkiller as subject 1138.
Star Wars: Republic Commando: The lead character's codename is RC-1138
Star Wars: The Force Unleashed II: The clearance code to dock on the Salvation is 'Talus Haroon 10-11-38'. Since 10 is X in Roman numerals, the code can be read as 'TH X-11-38'.
Star Wars: Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast: In the cutscene preceding the first of the Cairn levels, an imperial voice is heard saying "Automated Transport 1-138".
Star Wars: Galactic Battlegrounds: When selecting an Trooper unit with the Imperial design (a Stormtrooper), he will sometimes say "THX-1138 ready, Sir."
Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015): A stormtrooper is referred to by the designation 1138 during the battle at Maz Kanata's castle.
Other references
Even in media unrelated to Lucasfilm, the number is occasionally featured (generally without the prefix THX), sometimes to popularize the injoke or to tribute Lucas and/or Lucasfilm media.
Film
Absolon, the number of the address on the computer screen, when Christopher Lambert's character is tracked down by satellite, is 1138
The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension, the number 11-1-38 is mentioned by the Hong Kong Cavaliers in a conversation in the middle of the movie, while they discuss the identity of the Yoyodyne company.
Agent Cody Banks, at the end, Arnold Vosloo's character Francois Molay wears orange prison garb with the inmate number AR 1138
Continental Divide, when John Belushi pulls away from the curb in a taxi, the one behind him is number 1138.
Crash and Burn, a Charles Band film & Full Moon production - when the robot is damaged the pilot sees on the screen a message: ERROR 1138
Mandroid, another Charles Band film - the character gets on a train, the train car is numbered 11 38
Follow That Bird, Big Bird flies to Oceanview, Illinois on Flight CTW 1138
George Lucas in Love, 1138 appears in the last seconds of the film as Lucas' college dorm room address.
Mission: Impossible, Ethan Hunt's clearance code for the secure call is Bravo Echo One One. BE11, when mirrored, becomes 1138
Monsters, Inc., one of the CDA (Child Detection Agency) agents near the end of the movie (when Roz, agent 001, enters the room) has the number on the uniform. Also, one of the agents coming out of the toilet has the number. These are different characters in appearance even though they share the same number.
Ocean's Eleven, the code Linus uses to unlock the security door leading to the safe is 1138
Reign Over Me, the number of Dr. Oakhurst's office
Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow, when Polly Perkins and Joe Sullivan arrive at the laboratory of Dr. Walter Jennings, the address on the front door is numbered 1138.
Sneakers, at the very beginning, the access code entered ends in 1138
Storm, 1138 is used as a door code to a building where a LAN party is held
The Lawnmower Man, the test chimp from the beginning of the movie is later referred as Rosco 1138
The Matrix, at the end, when Neo places a call from a phone booth, the cascading digits freeze and the number 1138 can be seen brighter than the rest in the bottom-right corner
District 9, during the first opening shot of the alien mother ship, 11:38 is the time recorded on the camera.
In Bitch Slap, during the flashback titled "7 weeks ago", one of the two lesbian cellmates' prisoner number is 1138, as mentioned by the prison guard.
In the short film Where Is Your Head (2010), and its alternative black-and-white version Sleepyhead by Bulgarian writer/director Nenko Genov, the main character inputs the code 1-1-3-8 on the dial of his alarm just before leaving his home.
Iron Sky (2012), when Renate Richter returns to destroyed moon base, her space suit has "SS-1138" in the chest.
Riddick (2013), when examining the area where Riddick has set the traps, one of the bounty hunters reports "Right here! 13-8!
In The Asylum film American Warships, a crate containing 16-inch shells on the Battleship USS Iowa, has 8311-XHT printed on it.
In Spaceballs, Princess Vespa is being held in cell 8311.
Fifty Shades Darker (2017), Christian Grey's Audi Q7 has the license plate CGQ-1138.
In The Lego Batman Movie, the flight at the beginning of the movie is "flight 1138."
Television
Dancouga - Super Beast Machine God Super Robot anime series, the code THX-1138 was used to activate the combination sequence for the Jyusenki Tai to combine their respective mecha into the gigantic robot Dancouga for the first time in Episode 15.
Dark Angel episode "Heat", the odometer on Max's bike reads 113.8.
Dexter's Laboratory episode "Blackfoot and Slim", the tag that the observation team places on Dexter's ear at the end of the episode reads 1138.
Firefly episode "The Train Job", the number A:1138 is written on top of the train being robbed as Jayne jumps onto it from Serenity.
Futurama episode "Leela and the Genestalk", the Planet Express crew visit a 'redneck' bar called TEX 1138'S.
Giri/Haji in the first episode, the electronic code to the door of murder victim Saburo Endo's home is 1138.
Graceland episode "Pawn", the case number for Paul Briggs is TX1138.
Magnum, P.I. episode "Don't Eat the Snow in Hawaii", when Magnum is trying to steal the Ferrari and needs to disarm the code, the first combo he puts in is 1138.
Pinky and the Brain, in one version of the opening song, the Brain is seen writing an equation on a chalkboard, where he writes "THX=1138".
ReBoot, Used as a heading for spacecraft in Episode 1 (v1.1) - The Tearing. Used again as the approach vector for the remains of the CPU defense force in Episode 24 (v3.1.1).
Robot Chicken episodes:
"Junk in the Trunk", the cell behind a Cylon in the 'Bloopers' skit is marked 1138.
"Toy Meets Girl", Panthro of the ThunderCats is incarcerated in cell 1138.
"Adoption's an Option", when Skynet takes control of Inspector Gadget, in his goggles he sees Penny as "Target: 1138".
"Star Wars" Special, the address number above Ponda Baba's door is 1138.
Star Wars Episode III, IG-88 takes his cousin called THX-1138 to a party.
Smallville, Lex Luthor is working on a project entitled Project 1138 (see the episode "Thirst"). NB: Carrie Fisher appears in the episode
Supernatural, in Season 8 Episode 22 Sam and Dean are working on case number 1138, they find a short film in the evidence files for case 1138.
The West Wing, in the season 2 episode "Bad Moon Rising" when C.J. asks her assistant, Carol, how many more interviews she has left to find the source of a press leak; the answer is 1138.
Chuck, Episode 58 "Chuck vs. the Coup D'Etat", the number on the nuclear missile control panel is 01138.
Chuck, Episode 83 "Chuck vs. the Hack Off", Morgan requests a prisoner transfer from the cell block "CB11, section 3 8".
X-Men, in "Beyond Good and Evil Part 2", the license plate on Psylocke's car reads "THX 1138".
BoJack Horseman, in season 3, episode 1: "Start Spreading the News", the address on the house of Oxnard, Mr. Peanutbutter's accountant is 1138.
Dragon Ball GT, in "Discovering the Truth", the flight that Baby uses to get off-world is "Flight 1138".
Josh Kirby... Time Warrior!, one of the main characters is named Irwin 1138.
The Big Bang Theory, in "The Convention Conundrum", when Sheldon and James Earl Jones go to prank Carrie Fisher, her house number is shown to be 138.
Criminal Minds, Season 7, Episode 5 "From Childhoods' Hour", when the "unsub" logs off his computer a log screen pops up that says "OPERATOR 1138".
Doctor Who: In the Series 9 episode "The Magician's Apprentice", the Doctor travels to Essex in 1138 A.D.
Legends, in "Identity", Martin discovers that he has an infrared tattoo on his arm reading 02TH-X11-38C3.
Arrow, Season 5, Episode 4, Diggle is being held in cell 1138.
Young Sheldon, pilot episode, the bus in the parking lot when Sheldon arrives at school for the first day is #1138.
The Office: In the 2012 episode "The Boat", Angela Martin refers to being out of "1138 forms".
Peacemaker, in the first episode the title character's home has address numbers 1138 on it.
Other
Adventures in Odyssey, in the "Wonderworld" episode of the radio series, Jimmy Barclay and Lawrence Hodges pretend to be secret agents with code names Agent THX1138 and Agent NCC-1701.
Batman comic, Hush story arc, issue #611, Clark Kent changes into Superman in the Daily Planet room #1138.
Dark Claw Adventures #1 comic, Talia summons Agent THX-1138.
Bully video game, the code used to unlock the security door leading to the observatory is 1138.
"Robot Chicken", a Magic: The Gathering promo card, has a fake 1138 collectors number.
"We Are 138", the Misfits song similarly about a dystopian future where the question is asked, "Is it time to be an android not a man?" may be a reference to THX1138, singer Glenn Danzig having removed the first digit to fit the words into the rhythm of the song.
"Time of Eve", featured a robot called THX and mentioned a rule #1138.
"Back to the Future", The Ride — the number 1138 is featured on one of the videos broadcast from Doc Brown's laboratory.
L.A. Noire video game - Patrol Desk - Handgun Clue - Browning Gun Model 01138.
Duke Nukem Forever video game - When you get in the turret, he keys in 1138 on his keypad.
Mr. Robot video game - Model number of the protagonist robot "Asimov", addressed by HEL as said number.
Isaac Asimov's Robots VCR Mystery Game includes one robot with the serial number 1138.
Payday 2 - the code for the door in the First World Bank heist and the code for the shutters in the Ukrainian Job heist is always 1138.
The Madagaskar Plan, alternate history novel, the number of Madeleine's house in Antzu, that both the hero and villain are looking for, is 1138.
Linux Format magazine - Tux appears on the cover of issue 226 (August 2017) in an orange prison jumpsuit with the number TUX1138 on the lapel.
1138 is the official team number designation for Eagle Engineering, an award-winning robotics team from Chaminade College Preparatory High School in West Hills, CA.
In the 2017 point and click adventure game Thimbleweed Park, 1138 is the lucky number of Uncle Chuck, the number that won him the lottery, and the number used to decode his will. Also, a certain carney needs $1138 that Ransome the Clown has to pay up to get his joke book back. Thimbleweed Parks main developers were Ron Gilbert and Gary Winnick, creating the game as an homage to the classic LucasArts titles they had worked on many years prior.
References
External links
Welcome to TK-421's post
George Lucas
Integers
In-jokes
Kisnána is a village in Heves county, Hungary, located from Gyöngyös to the northeast.
There is a castle in the village that was built in the 11th or 12th century.
Sightseeing for visitors
The village has an interesting assembly of buildings worth visiting. There is the old castle and the old Árpád age church inside the castle.
Castle
In the Árpád age the region was in the possession of the Aba Genus, who was related to the king of Hungary. The leader of the Genus, Aba Sámuel married the sister of king Saint Stephen. In 1044 Aba Sámuel became King of Hungary. Later descendants of the Genus were smaller families and one of them, the Kompolti family became the landowner of Kisnána. Kompolti János built the first part of the castle, as mentioned in the charters from 1445 about the „castrum” (fortress). In 1521 the landowner of the castle was István Losonczy who defended Temesvár against the Türks. The last owner was László Móré, who alternately supported the two kings of the early Turkish times: János Szapolyai or Habsburg Ferdinánd. But the Turks defeated him and László Móré died in the prison of Seven Towers in Istanbul, capital of the Osman Turk Empire.
Church
In the old castle of the Kompolti family there is another, even older architectural heritage building from the early Árpád ages. It is a gothic church, originally built in the romanesque style. The excavations of the ruins of this church revealed the foundations of an ancient rotunda. Originally this rotunda had been built first on the hill and later it was gradually extended. When the Kompolti family surrounded it by walls, they developed it as the castle-church and rebuilt it finally in the gothic style in the 14th century.
Sources
Gerő, L. (1984): Magyar műemléki ABC. (Hungarian Architectural Heritage ABC.) Budapest
Gervers-Molnár, V. (1972): A középkori Magyarország rotundái. (Rotunda in the Medieval Hungary). Akadémiai, Budapest
Henszlmann, I. (1876): Magyarország ó-keresztyén, román és átmeneti stylü mű-emlékeinek rövid ismertetése, (Old-Christian, Romanesque and Transitional Style Architecture in Hungary). Királyi Magyar Egyetemi Nyomda, Budapest
References
Populated places in Heves County
Romanesque architecture in Hungary
Betty Jackson King (Feb 17, 1928 – June 1, 1994) was an American pianist, singer, educator, choral conductor, and composer. She was best known for her vocal works.
Biography
King was born in 1928 in Chicago. She first started learning music from her mother, Gertrude Jackson Taylor. King's father, a pastor at the Community Church of Woodlawn, helped expose her to church hymns and spirituals. Along with her mother and sister Catherine, she sang in the Jacksonian Trio.
She was married to Vincent King and had a daughter, Rochelle.
King died on June 1, 1994 in Wildwood, New Jersey.
Education
Betty Jackson King studied throughout her life. She began at Wilson Junior College studying under Ester Goetz Gilliland. She then went to the Chicago Musical College of Roosevelt University where she earned a bachelor's degree in piano and a master's degree in composition from the Chicago Musical College of Roosevelt University. Here she studied different aspects of music: voice with the highly respected Thelma Waide Brown, composition with Hans Tischler and Karel Jirak, and piano with Saul Dorfman.
She also studied music at Glassboro College in New Jersey, Oakland University in Michigan, Westminster Choir College in Princeton, New Jersey, and the Peabody Conservatory in Baltimore, Maryland.
King went on to teach at the University of Chicago Laboratory School, Roosevelt University, Dillard University, and Wildwood High School., where she received the Teaching Recognition Award from governor Thomas Kean.
She was president of the National Association of Negro Musicians from 1970-1984.
King retired from teaching in 1989.
Selected works
King's compositions were often vocal in nature. Her music is part of the "early Chicago classical music tradition" and similar to Margaret Bonds. King wrote arrangements of spirituals, operas (Saul of Tarsus, My Servant Job), a cantata (Simon of Cyrene) and a requiem. She wrote a ballet, Kids in School With Me, and various other chamber and choral compositions. Her works for organ include Nuptial Suite and Meditation. Saul of Tarsus has had several performances since it was premiered in 1952.
References
External links
Betty Jackson King, "Way By an' By"
1928 births
1994 deaths
20th-century American composers
20th-century American women pianists
20th-century American pianists
20th-century classical composers
20th-century classical pianists
20th-century women composers
African-American classical composers
African-American classical pianists
American classical pianists
African-American women classical composers
African-American music educators
American classical composers
American women classical composers
American women music educators
Dillard University faculty
Musicians from Chicago
People from Wildwood, New Jersey
Roosevelt University alumni
African-American women musicians
Classical musicians from Illinois
Classical musicians from New Jersey
Aleksandr Sergeyevich Sapeta (; born 28 June 1989) is a Russian footballer who plays as central midfielder for Volga Ulyanovsk.
Club career
He has been playing in the Saturn system throughout his youth years. He made his debut for the main Saturn team on 26 October 2008 when he was a starter in the Premier League match against FC Moscow.
In winter 2011 Sapeta was signed by FC Dynamo Moscow.
On 9 August 2012, he came off the bench to score a brace in a 5-0 win against Dundee United in the second leg of their third qualifying round tie in the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League.
On 22 February 2018, he signed a 2-year contract with FC Rostov. He was released from his Rostov contract by mutual consent on 21 August 2018.
On 27 January 2022, he joined FC Kuban Krasnodar on loan.
International career
Sapeta was one of the members of the Russian U-17 squad that won the 2006 UEFA U-17 Championship.
Career statistics
References
External links
Player page on the official FC Saturn Moscow oblast site
1989 births
People from Engels, Saratov Oblast
Sportspeople from Saratov Oblast
Living people
Russian footballers
Russia youth international footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Russia national football B team footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Saturn Ramenskoye players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
FC Ural Yekaterinburg players
FC Rostov players
FC Nizhny Novgorod (2015) players
FC Urozhay Krasnodar players
FC Volga Ulyanovsk players
Russian Premier League players
Russian First League players
The Mo'Nique Show is an American talk show hosted by comedian and actress Mo'Nique. Aired on BET, the series began October 5, 2009. The show's second and final season premiered on Monday, October 4, 2010.
Overview
The show ran all-new episodes Monday through Thursday at 11PM ET, featuring celebrity guests and musical performances. The hour-long program also featured a "resident deejay." Although aired on BET, it was recorded at Turner Broadcasting in Atlanta, Georgia. After being cancelled, The Mo'Nique Show is now on repeat from its final season and airs at 3 a.m.
Premiere episode
On the debut episode, celebrity guests included:
Steve Harvey, promoted his book Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment.
Monica, promoted her BET show, Monica: Still Standing.
Live performance by Jeremih, performing Imma Star (Everywhere We Are).
Format
The show begins with the theme song accompanied by an announcer announcing the featured guests.
Mo'Nique appears from an 'elevator', and is walked down the stairs by Rodney Perry. Mo'Nique proceeds to center stage and begins her monologue. At the conclusion of each show, Mo'Nique gives her final thoughts; these final thoughts usually pertain to the monologue from the beginning of the show and/or the guests that appeared on the episode. Following her final thoughts, she instructs her studio audience as well as home viewers to "take their arms and wrap them around themselves and squeeze real tight, because we've all just been hugged."
Ratings
The debut episode attracted over 1.5 million viewers, 850,000 of which were said to have come from the 18–49 demographic.
Awards and nominations
NAACP Image Awards
2010 Award for Outstanding Talk Series
2011 Nomination for Outstanding Talk Series
References
2009 American television series debuts
2011 American television series endings
2000s American late-night television series
2010s American late-night television series
2000s American television talk shows
2010s American television talk shows
English-language television shows
BET original programming
Television shows filmed in Atlanta
Gonzalo de Carbajal (c.1590 –1661) was a Spanish nobleman. He occupied military and political positions during the Viceroyalty of Peru, being Mayor of Buenos Aires, and Lieutenant governor of Santa Fe Province.
Biography
Carbajal was born in Ciudad de los Reyes, (Lima, Perú), son of Pedro López Valero and María de Carbajal, belonging to a noble family of Conquistadors from Extremadura. He was married to María Salas, daughter of Francisco de Salas Reynoso and Leonor Correa, a family of Castilian and Andalusian roots.
Carbajal took part in military expeditions commanded by Hernandarias de Saavedra, Governor of Río de la Plata. He also had served in expeditions against the Aboriginal tribes, in almost all provinces including Salta, Corrientes and Santa Fe Province. And served as a leader of armed contingents in support of Juan de Garay (son of the founder) against Indian tribes in the city of Concepción de Buena Esperanza.
In 1612 Carbajal dedicated himself to inspection and control of the commercial activity of the Río de la Plata, when he was appointed as Faithful Executor of the Cabildo de Buenos Aires. Later in 1617, he served as Alcalde of 2nd vote of the City. That same year he held the honorary position of Alférez Real, being responsible for carrying the Royal Standard, during the day of St. Martin, and in official ceremonies.
In 1628, Carbajal was appointed as Mayor of first vote of Buenos Aires, and Pedro Sánchez Garzón, held the position of the second vote. On September 6, 1628 the City Council, gave debate about a skirmish that occurred with a Dutch warship on the shores of the Río de la Plata.
Gonzalo de Carbajal served since May 21, 1622 as Lieutenant Governor of Santa Fe Province. Some time later he served as Lieutenant Governor and General in Buenos Aires. He also fulfilled the functions of Treasurer, Council and Royal Official in the Río de la Plata. And on November 9, 1631, he was appointed Judge Campaign.
He had owned one of the first pulperías, in the Río de la Plata. His establishment was administered by a black woman named Catalina. His daughters, Leonor and María were married to Diego Gutiérrez de Humanes and Cristóbal Cabral de Melo, belonging to families of noble lineage of Spanish and Lusitanian origin.
References
External links
www.santafe.gov.ar
Year of birth unknown
1661 deaths
People from Buenos Aires
Explorers of Argentina
Spanish colonial governors and administrators
People from Santa Fe, Argentina
Peruvian people of Spanish descent
Mayors of Buenos Aires
Natalie Claire Snodgrass is an American ice hockey forward, currently playing for the Minnesota Whitecaps in the Premier Hockey Federation. Before signing with the Whitecaps during the summer of 2022, she was a two-year captain for the UConn Huskies women's ice hockey team.
Career
During her teenage years, she captained the girls' hockey team at Eastview High School, finishing as the school's all-time leading scorer. She was named Pioneer Press Metro Player of the Year in 2016.
In 2017, she began attending the University of Connecticut, playing for the university's women's ice hockey programme. She scored 38 points in 38 games in her rookie NCAA season, leading Connecticut in points and being named to the Hockey East All-Rookie Team. Her point production dipped slightly the following year, down to 29 points in 36 games, however she finished as the university's leading scorer for the second consecutive year. She was named an assistant captain for the team ahead of the 2019–20 season, where she would again lead Connecticut in scoring. She notched her 100th career collegiate point with a game-winning goal in the Hockey East Quarterfinals, the fifth player in Connecticut history to reach the mark.
International career
Snodgrass represented the United States at the 2015 and 2016 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship, scoring a total of seven points in ten games as the country won gold both times.
When the players of the senior American national team went on strike over pay and working conditions in 2017, she was invited to join the roster for the 2017 IIHF World Championship as a replacement for the striking players. She refused the invitation, standing in solidarity with the players.
Style of play
Snodgrass has been described as a power forward with deceptive speed, but with a tendency to be undisciplined on the ice.
Personal life
Snodgrass studied health sciences at the University of Connecticut. Her sister, Emily Snodgrass, also played hockey for Connecticut from 2011 to 2015, and played in the European Women's Hockey League with the EV Bozen Eagles.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
American women's ice hockey forwards
21st-century American women
UConn Huskies women's ice hockey players
Minnesota Whitecaps players
Premier Hockey Federation players
Lockheed Martin Missiles and Fire Control (MFC) is one of the four core business areas for American company Lockheed Martin.
MFC provides air and missile defense systems; tactical missiles and air-to-ground precision strike weapon systems; logistics; fire control systems; mission operations support, readiness, engineering support and integration services; manned and unmanned ground vehicles; and energy management solutions. MFC also has contracts with the U.S. Government for various classified programs.
MFC has approximately 15,500 employees. It based in the Dallas suburb of Grand Prairie, Texas. Major LM MFC facilities are located in Orlando, Florida; Grand Prairie, Texas; Archbald, Pennsylvania; Chelmsford, Massachusetts; East Camden, Arkansas; Horizon City, Texas; Lufkin, Texas; Ocala, Florida; Santa Barbara, California; Troy, Alabama and Ampthill Bedfordshire (a part of Lockheed Martin UK).
Financials
MFC made $1.4 billion in operating profit on sales of $10.1 billion in 2019. This was out of total Lockheed Martin profits of $6.6 billion on sales of $59.8 billion. Lockheed Martin projects MFC's 2020 profits will be $1.5 billion on sales of $11.0-11.3 billion. For context, based on 2019 sales, this would put MFC at No. 314 on the 2019 Fortune 500 were it a stand-alone corporation.
History
MFC became a Lockheed Martin business area on December 31, 2012, when the Lockheed Martin Electronic Systems business area was split into two new business areas: MFC and Mission Systems and Training (MST was later renamed Rotary and Mission Systems with the acquisition of Sikorsky). Prior to that, MFC was a business unit operating within the Electronic Systems business area. In 2012, the MFC business unit was a recipient of the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award.
The Grand Prairie facility dates back to being a major component of the now defunct LTV Corporation, as LTV Aerospace and Defense with "Vought" Division names, and later became part of Loral as Loral Vought Systems, before Loral's merger with Lockheed Martin.
Programs
Major programs include: the Patriot Advanced Capability-3 (PAC-3) and Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) air and missile defense
programs; the Multiple Launch Rocket System (MLRS), Hellfire, Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile (JASSM) and Javelin tactical
missile programs; the Apache, SNIPER and Low Altitude Navigation and Targeting Infrared for Night (LANTIRN) fire control systems
programs; and the Special Operations Forces Global Logistics Support Services (SOF GLSS) program.
Primary MFC customers include the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, NASA and U.S. allies. MFC also has customers in the global civil nuclear power industry.
One of Missiles and Fire Control's most lucrative program is the TADS/PNVS (Target Acquisition Designation Sight, Pilot Night Vision System) program for the AH-64 Apache helicopter. The second generation M-TADS (also known as Arrowhead) is now being fielded to United States Army and foreign customers. The company also is a major supplier of Electro-Optic systems to the Joint Strike Fighter (JSF), officially known as the F-35 Lightning II. The company has a long history from the Vought years (later half of the 20th century) of being the number-one supplier of missiles and advanced weapon systems to the US Army, which continues to this day.
Major products
Air and Missile Defense
PAC-3 Missile
THAAD System
Miniature Hit-to-Kill Missile (MHTK)
Strike Weapons
JASSM
AGM-183 ARRW
Tactical Missiles
Hellfire Missile
Javelin Missile
Joint Common Missile
Longbow Missile
HIMARS
ATACMS
MLRS
Long Range Land Attack Projectile
Sensors and Fire Control
Sniper targeting pod for U.S. Air Force aircraft
References
External links
MFC home page
Lockheed Martin
Andrew Greta (born August 1969) is an author, business executive, finance professional and a current vice president at Busey Bank.
Life
In 2011, Greta wrote I Am John Galt: Today's Heroic Innovators Building the World and the Villainous Parasites Destroying It with co-author Donald L. Luskin. The 307-page book was published in May of that year by John Wiley & Sons.
Greta was formerly Director, Business Development at CME Group in Chicago and was previously General Manager, Asset Intelligence for GE Equipment Services in Stamford, Connecticut. He is a former contributing editor for TheStreet.com. His articles on finance and investing have appeared in numerous national publications including SFO Magazine, DSNews.com, ABCNews.com, Online Investor, and Individual Investor.
Greta holds an MBA with a concentration in Finance from Purdue University's Krannert Graduate School of Management. He is a former associate director of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign's student-run Illinois Business Consulting and sits as a member of the Board of Directors for the Krannert School Alumni Association.
References
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign people
American business executives
Living people
1969 births
Liliana Lewińska (born 2 November 2008) is a Polish rhythmic gymnast.
Personal life
Lewińska is the daughter of Krystyna Leskiewicz, 1996 Olympian who's her current coach. She has a three years younger sister, Laura, also a rhythmic gymnast.
Career
Junior
She debuted into major competitions at the 2021 international tournament in Moscow in February, winning bronze in the All-Around, 5th with hoop, ball, clubs and 12th with ribbon. In April he participated to the Sofia Cup in Bulgaria, topping the All-Around, she started to be a known name in the rhythmic gymnastics world. In May she came second in the All-Around and ball, and 3rd with clubs and topping hoop at the Irina Deleanu cup in Bucharest. In September she shone at the Gydnia Cup.
In 2022 she returned to the Moscow Grand Prix winning silver in all events. She won the All-Around at the Gydnia Cup, doing the same in all the apparatus finals except hoop, where she finished in 2nd. The following week she attended the World Challenge Cup in Portimão, getting bronze with hoop, silver with clubs and gold with ribbon. Liliana was then selected for the 2022 European Championship in Tel Aviv, Israel, she was the only junior gymnast representing Poland in the competition, she nonetheless managed to qualify for all four event finals and won two silvers with hoop and clubs and bronze with ribbon.
Routine music information
References
Living people
2008 births
Polish rhythmic gymnasts
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics European Championships
Manfred on the Jungfrau is an 1842 oil-on-canvas painting by Ford Madox Brown. It is inspired by Act I Scene II of Lord Byron's dramatic poem Manfred, probably most particularly the following:
The painting depicts the central character of the poem, Manfred, who is a noble and wealthy aristocrat, about to toss himself from the heights of the Jungfrau mountain. Manfred is, however, saved from death by a chamois hunter who happens upon him, and who is seen approaching in the background of the painting, clad in fur.
The detail seen on Manfred's face shows his deep psychological agony, and the reason for his desire for suicide.
In 1837, John Martin painted an artwork of the same name. Martin's version was a watercolour, and focused more on the Jungfrau mountain than on the detail of Manfred and the hunter.
References
Piper, David. The Image of the Poet: British Poets and their Portraits (1982). Oxford: Clarendon P .
Swinglehurst, Edmund. The Art of the Pre-Raphaelites (1994). New York: Shooting Star P.
Encyclopædia Britannica
1842 paintings
Paintings by Ford Madox Brown
Collection of Manchester Art Gallery
Paintings about suicide
Ziemnice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
The village has a population of 304.
References
Ziemnice
Dragon Centre is a nine-storey shopping centre in the Sham Shui Po area of Kowloon, Hong Kong. It was the largest in West Kowloon until the Elements opened above the Kowloon MTR station.
History
Located beside the historic Sham Shui Po Police Station, the centre was built on part of the site of the former Sham Shui Po Camp, a prisoner-of-war camp for Commonwealth forces captured during the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong, which was also used to house Vietnamese refugees in the late 1970s and 1980s.
Features
The leading tenant is Sincere, a department store. Sunlight shines from the skylight through to the first floor. A bus terminus is located on the ground floor.
The ninth floor features Sky Fantasia (), a children's entertainment centre, and an indoor roller coaster, the Sky Train (). This hangs from the roof and was the second indoor roller coaster in Hong Kong (the first was located in the Wonderful World of Whimsy in Cityplaza), but it has been closed since the mid-2000s. The eighth floor features an ice skating rink, the Sky Rink (), and a food court.
The Dragon Centre won the Hong Kong Institute of Architects 1994 Certificate of Merit Award.
Anchors and retailers
Sixty Eight Store
Apple Mall (), a mall-within-a-mall, split into 3 levels on the 5th, 7th, and 9th floors
Baleno
Bossini
BSX
City Chain
Fortress World
Pizza Hut
McDonald's
KFC
Yoshinoya
Ajisen Ramen
Pokka Cafe
Kee Wah Bakery
Aji Ichiban Co., Ltd
Bank of China
HSBC ATM
7-Eleven
Watsons
Sincere
Mannings
ParknShop Superstore
Lenscrafters
Jumpin Gym USA
Fairwood
Cafe 360
Kumon
Transport
The Dragon Centre is served by the Sham Shui Po station of the MTR.
References
External links
Dragon Centre website
Pictures of the roller coaster
1994 establishments in Hong Kong
Sham Shui Po
Shopping malls established in 1994
Shopping centres in Hong Kong
"Shadows and Symbols" is the second episode of the seventh season of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 152nd overall, premiering the week of October 5, 1998. The episode's premiere received Nielsen ratings of 4.2 points corresponding to over 4.1 million viewers. This episode was written by Ira Steven Behr and Hans Beimler, and directed by Allan Kroeker.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the crew of the Starfleet-managed Bajoran space station Deep Space Nine. The station is adjacent to a wormhole leading to the distant Gamma Quadrant; the wormhole is home to powerful alien beings worshiped by the Bajorans as the "Prophets", who have made station commander Benjamin Sisko their "Emissary". The later seasons of the series follow a war between the United Federation of Planets and the Dominion, an expansionist empire from the Gamma Quadrant. This episode resolves Sisko's crisis of faith in the wake of the events of the sixth season finale, "Tears of the Prophets", and establishes the status quo for the remainder of the seventh season.
Background
In "Tears of the Prophets", the Prophets came under attack by their ancient enemies, the Pah-wraiths, sealing the wormhole and incidentally killing Sisko's friend Jadzia Dax, who was a symbiotic relationship between the sluglike creature Dax and the humanoid Jadzia. The loss of the wormhole, combined with Jadzia's death, caused Sisko to experience a crisis of faith, leading him to take a leave of absence from Deep Space Nine and visit his father Joseph in New Orleans. While visiting his father in the following episode, "Image in the Sand", Sisko experienced visions convincing him that he must seek the mysterious "Orb of the Emissary" on the planet Tyree. Meanwhile, Colonel Kira Nerys, left in command on Deep Space Nine, came into conflict with the Romulans, powerful but untrustworthy allies of the United Federation of Planets, as they attempted to install weapons on the Bajoran moon of Derna; Jadzia's husband Worf planned a dangerous mission in order to secure a place for Jadzia in the Klingon afterlife, Sto-Vo-Kor; and the surviving Dax symbiont was transplanted into a new humanoid host, Ezri Dax, who arrived in New Orleans to visit Sisko.
The episode also returns to the scenario of the earlier episode "Far Beyond the Stars", in which Sisko imagined himself as Benny Russell, a science fiction writer in the 1950s.
Plot
The Siskos are surprised by the young woman introducing herself as Ezri Dax, explaining she was the only unjoined Trill aboard the starship transporting the injured Dax symbiote back to Trill when it needed to be implanted immediately to survive. Benjamin Sisko invites Ezri to join him, his father Joseph, and his son Jake as they travel to Tyree to seek the Orb of the Emissary. Back at Deep Space Nine, Kira prepares a blockade to stop the Romulans from arming the weapons they have placed on Derna. Worf is joined by Jadzia's friends Miles O'Brien, Julian Bashir, and Quark on a mission led by the Klingon General Martok to destroy a Dominion shipyard in Jadzia's name.
The Siskos and Ezri arrive on Tyree. Guided by his visions, they begin a long trek across the desert. Eventually, Benjamin stops and digs on a seeming whim, while his father, son, and Ezri can only watch. He eventually unearths the Orb ark, but hesitates from opening it; he experiences visions of Benny Russell confined in a psychiatric hospital, as a doctor tries to persuade him to end the story of Benjamin Sisko. Sisko begins to bury the Orb, but Ezri convinces him to open it. When he does, an energy vortex is unleashed which re-opens the wormhole and expels the Pah-wraiths from it. Sisko experiences a vision in which one of the Prophets explains that she merged with Sisko's mother years ago to ensure Sisko's birth and the fulfillment of his destiny.
Against the advice of the Federation's Admiral Ross, Kira blockades Derna with old Bajoran ships, vastly outmatched by the firepower of the Romulans. Neither Kira nor the Romulans appear willing to back down, and seeing the wormhole reopen strengthens Kira's resolve. When he sees that Kira will not surrender, Ross persuades the Romulans to retreat.
On the Klingon ship, Worf is annoyed by the presence of O'Brien, Bashir, and Quark; eventually Martok reminds him to be grateful that Jadzia had such loyal friends, and he apologizes to them. When they reach the Dominion shipyard, they execute a plan to fly dangerously close to the sun and trigger a plasma ejection that will destroy the shipyard and illuminate the gates of Sto-vo-kor for Jadzia. The plan seems to fail when they are unable to trigger the plasma ejection, but they succeed on their second try and demolish the shipyard.
When Sisko returns to Deep Space Nine, the Bajoran people praise him for reopening the wormhole. His crew welcome him back, and are perplexed at the arrival of Ezri Dax.
Production
Outdoor scenes in the desert landscape were filmed at sand dunes in Palmdale, California in the United States.
Guest stars include:
Casey Biggs as Damar and Wykoff
Megan Cole as Cretak
Jeffrey Combs as Weyoun
Deborah Lacey as Sarah
J.G. Hertzler as Martok
Barry Jenner as Admiral Ross
Brock Peters as Joseph Sisko
Avery Brooks, in addition to Sisko, portrays Benny Russell, a 20th-century writer of whose life Sisko has visions. The writing in Benny's cell in Sisko's vision consists of summaries of the first six seasons of Deep Space Nine.
Reception
In 2015, Geek.com recommended this episode as "essential watching" for their abbreviated Star Trek: Deep Space Nine binge-watching guide.
Keith R.A. DeCandido, reviewing the episode in 2014 for Tor.com, gave it a rating of 6 out 10. He felt the episode was a strong followup to "Image in the Sand". He felt the Kira and Worf plots were straightforward, and was happy to see the return of Benny Russell, but felt the Prophets story was silly. However, he did feel it was a good introduction to Ezri Dax. Zack Handlen, reviewing the episode in the same year for The A.V. Club, also gave it a mixed review; he appreciated the relationship between the episode's three main plot lines and said the characters' victories felt earned, but found the introduction of Ezri Dax awkward and disliked the focus on the Prophets and Pah-wraiths.
In 2020, Den of Geek listed the three-episode sequence from "Tears of the Prophets" to "Shadows and Symbols" as one of the best stories of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
References
External links
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (season 7) episodes
1998 American television episodes
The April 2012 Afghanistan attacks took place on Sunday, 15 April 2012, at around 13:00 local time (08:30 UTC) when heavily armed Taliban insurgents and suicide bombers launched multiple coordinated attacks throughout Afghanistan. Insurgents launched the 2012 spring offensive on multiple locations, including government buildings, military bases, and embassies. Attacks occurred in four Afghan provinces, including Kabul and Paktia. Different reports attribute responsibility for the attacks to either Taliban or the Haqqani network although the Taliban have claimed responsibility.
Background
Between 1996 and 2001, the Taliban controlled large portions of Afghanistan following their emergence as a power bloc in 1992. The majority of Taliban political control centered on Kandahar, although the executive government remained based in the capital, Kabul. During the early parts of the war in Afghanistan, the International Security Assistance Force established a presence in Afghanistan, predominantly around Kabul.
Following a period of stabilization in Afghanistan, attacks started to increase with a growth in suicide bombings since 2006. In 2007, the number of Afghan civilian deaths stood at more than 230. In 2008, there were about 1,000 civilian deaths attributed to the Taliban. In 2011, the number of civilians killed rose 8% from 2010, with over 3,000 civilian deaths. The vast majority of the casualties were due to activities by insurgents. According to the Associated Press, there are around 25,000 Taliban soldiers in Afghanistan in 2012.
Insurgent activities follow an annual pattern with members of the various insurgent groups migrating out of Afghanistan in the winter months. The Spring Offensive is the yearly increase in offensive activity, related to the improving weather, which increases the insurgent groups' ability to maneuver around the country.
Attacks
In the capital of Kabul, many foreign embassies are located in the so-called "Green Zone" of the capital. Since NATO took control of the ISAF in 2003, their headquarters is also in the Green Zone.
Major General Carsten Jacobson, the spokesperson for the International Security Assistance Force, said that militants attacked the United States, German, and British embassies in Kabul. The Iranian embassy was also attacked, as was the newly built Kabul Star hotel. The governor of Laghman Province, Lutfullah Mashal, said that men plotted to kill Karim Khalili, the second Vice President of Afghanistan. Within hours, Afghan security forces and Norwegian special forces captured or killed almost all of the militants.
The British SBS were crucial in fighting the terrorists.
Norwegian special forces from the Hærens Jegerkommando was crucial in fighting back the attack.
Throughout the offensive on the embassies and government buildings in Kabul, members of the Afghan military, Afghan National Police, and National Directorate of Security repelled attacks from the Taliban, including suicide bombers. During early Monday morning, NATO helicopters searched for militants hiding in buildings near the ISAF headquarters and multiple embassies. The attack on Kabul lasted 18 hours. At the end of the siege on Kabul, almost 40 militants and eight Afghan soldiers were killed. In addition, four civilians were killed and 25 were injured across the country. The Taliban militants reportedly wore suicide vests and carried both rocket-propelled and hand grenades.
A lone suspected attacker captured by Afghan forces reportedly confessed Taliban assailants who waged the co-ordinated attacks across Afghanistan were part of a 200-member suicide squad trained in Pakistan.
According to Taliban spokesperson Zabiullah Mujahid, the attacks were "well-coordinated and planned for almost two months".
Aftermath
General John R. Allen, the commander of the International Security Assistance Force, praised the Afghan military's ability to repel the Taliban attacks, saying "They [Afghan security forces] were on scene immediately, well-led and well-coordinated." President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai applauded the actions by Afghan security forces. He told CNN that "the Afghan forces will be able to defend their country as they demonstrated yesterday". However, Karzai said that the attacks were a result of an "intelligence failure for us [Afghanistan] and especially NATO" and called for an investigation.
Bismillah Khan Mohammadi, the Interior Minister of Afghanistan, said the attackers belonged to the Haqqani Network, an insurgency group based in Afghanistan and Pakistan. A spokesperson for the Foreign Ministry of Iran, Ramin Mehmanparast, denounced the attacks, saying ""The Islamic Republic of Iran condemns the recent terrorist attacks in the capital and certain other provinces of Afghanistan, particularly the attacks on diplomatic centers based in Kabul, and believes that dialogue is the only solution to Afghanistan's security problems." The United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Foreign Minister of Pakistan Hina Rabbani Khar condemned the attacks in Afghanistan in a joint statement. The Pakistani Foreign Minister also called the Foreign Minister of Afghanistan Zalmai Rassoul to express her condolences. Prime Minister of Australia Julia Gillard said that Australian forces in Afghanistan will be returning home in the upcoming months, with most troops coming home at the end of 2013. On Tuesday, 17 April, Karzai said the Taliban attacks "prolong foreign presence in Afghanistan".
References
See also
War in Afghanistan (2001–present)
War on Terror
Iraq War
Taliban insurgency
2012 murders in Afghanistan
April 2012 crimes
April 2012 events in Afghanistan
Mass murder in 2012
Terrorist incidents in Afghanistan in 2012
War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Terrorist incidents in Kabul
Ronald Florijn (born 21 April 1961) is a former rower from the Netherlands and two-time Olympic gold medallist.
Florijn won the gold medal in the men's double sculls at the 1988 Summer Olympics, alongside Nico Rienks. At the 1996 Summer Olympics, he repeated his gold medal performance winning the eight with coxswain event with the Holland Acht (Holland Eight). He also won five medals at the world championships in 1978–1995 in double, four and eight-manned boat races.
He studied industrial and organizational psychology at the Leiden University and then worked for Arbo Unie, one of the biggest occupational health organizations in the Netherlands. Since 2004 he runs his own company. He is a knight of the Order of Orange-Nassau.
References
1961 births
Living people
Dutch male rowers
Rowers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Olympic gold medalists for the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Leiden
Olympic medalists in rowing
World Rowing Championships medalists for the Netherlands
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
20th-century Dutch people
21st-century Dutch people
Laryne () may refer to the following places in Ukraine:
Laryne, Crimea, village in Dzhankoi Raion
Laryne, Donetsk Oblast, urban-type settlement in Donetsk Municipality
Banalek is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3812 living in 608 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
The 1988 State of Origin series was the seventh annual three-game series between the New South Wales and Queensland representative rugby league football teams to be contested entirely under 'state of origin' selection rules. Queensland enjoyed their first ever 3–0 series whitewash, mirroring a feat New South Wales had first achieved two years earlier. The series produced an ugly and enduring Origin image when in Game II the parochial Queensland crowd showered the Lang Park playing arena with beer cans in protest at the sin-binning of their captain Wally Lewis.
New South Wales had a new home for Origin football in 1988. The AU$68 million, 40,000 capacity all-seat Sydney Football Stadium, a rectangular stadium more suited to rugby league than the round Sydney Cricket Ground, had been built in 1987 and opened in time for the 1988 NSWRL season. The SFS was described in its early days as a white elephant and lacking in the character and history of its predecessor, the SCG. Queensland players described playing at the SFS in 1988 as like playing on neutral ground.
Game I
Coming into the 1988 opener, Queensland had not yet experienced an Origin match without Wally Lewis. Supporters were stunned when he was ruled out of game I with a shoulder injury. He had captained the Maroons on 20 occasions (out of 21 appearances) and won eight man-of-the-match awards, establishing himself as an Origin great. The selectors' answer to his absence was Peter Jackson the Canberra Raiders' resident comic who prided himself on wisecracks and high jinks. However Jackson had honed his organisational and kicking skills at Canberra and was ready to fill Lewis' role. Captaining the Maroons for the first time was Manly-Warringah's 1987 Premiership winning captain Paul Vautin.
After 42,048 fans had attended the only Origin game in Sydney at the SCG in 1987, the Sydney fans voted with their feet at the new SFS when only 26,441 attended Game 1. The low crowd number was largely due to the NSWRL charging $34 per seat as pointed out by Channel 9 match commentator Darrell Eastlake. His fellow Ch.9 commentator, Supercoach Jack Gibson replied to his comments that with an hour wait fans could watch the game at home on television for free rather than pay the high ticket price.
With Queensland missing their captain and the world's best footballer Wally Lewis, New South Wales had expected to dominate in the encounter but were flat from the outset. In the first-ever Origin game held at the newly built Sydney Football Stadium and in front of a less than capacity crowd (the seats at the in-goal ends of the stadium were virtually empty), the Maroons seized upon what Vautin termed the "neutral atmosphere".
New five-eighth Jackson played well and fullback Gary Belcher provided support with general play kicking while pint-sized Allan Langer provided the attacking thrust. Jackson was a natural tackler and together with Paul Vautin led with words of inspiration. For the Blues, both Peter Sterling and Cliff Lyons tried hard but unlike Langer and Jackson had very little support from the Blues forwards.
Langer scampered across the line twice to give Queensland a 12-6 lead at half-time and after the break the procession of Queensland tries continued. Jackson, Belcher and Origin debutant Alan McIndoe all scored (despite television replays showing that McIndoe didn't ground the ball and had actually knocked-on) to give the Maroons an unassailable 26-6 lead before two late tries to Andrew Ettingshausen and Mark McGaw earned New South Wales some respectability on the scoreboard. Arguably the best of the Blues on the night was their longest serving outside back, dual-international Michael O'Connor who looked dangerous whenever he touched the ball, while Ettingshausen got through a mountain of work trying to get NSW out from being pinned deep in their own half.
Game II
New South Wales played with passion, looked the better side in game II and were leading 6-4 with 18 minutes to go. Then Wally Lewis was sentenced to 5 minutes in the sin-bin by referee Mick Stone for dissent after a scuffle between Phil Daley and Greg Conescu developed into an all-in brawl. The parochial Queensland crowd was outraged and with their hero Lewis in the sheds the ground was showered with beer cans amid chants of "send Stone off".
After order was restored the complexion of the game changed. The Blues were visibly rattled and a minute after play resumed big Maroon prop Sam Backo crashed over to give Queensland a 10-6 lead. When Allan Langer later clinched the game at 16-6 and the series by taking an inside pass from Conescu to score, Lewis by now back from his exile, carried Langer back from the Blues' tryline in jubilation.
Game III
Game III of 1988 was barely a contest and the feeble Sydney crowd of 16,910 reflected as much. With the series already decided, both teams opened up in a game of entertaining, free-flowing football. Queensland were unstoppable and Sam Backo grabbed a try double as the Maroons raced in seven tries to whip the Blues 38–22. Queensland had swept New South Wales 3–0 in their maiden whitewash.
Teams
New South Wales
Queensland
Aftermath
Following Queensland's first ever 3-0 Origin series whitewash, a record 9 Maroons were chosen for the first Ashes series test against the touring Great Britain Lions with the only Blues selected being  Garry Jack, winger Andrew Ettingshausen, centre Michael O'Connor, halfback Peter Sterling, front rower Phil Daley, the only NSW player in an almost all Queensland forward pack, and reserve forward Steve Folkes.
References
Footnotes
Big League's 25 Years of Origin Collectors' Edition, News Magazines, Surry Hills, Sydney
External links
1988 State of Origin at sportsphotography.net
State of Origin 1988 at rugbyleagueproject.org
State of Origin series
State of Origin series
La Salle School, Kota Kinabalu (Malay: Sekolah Menengah La Salle Kota Kinabalu) is a co-educational secondary school for boys and girls (mostly boys) and one of the oldest schools in Kota Kinabalu on the coast of Borneo in East Malaysia.
It was established in 1953 by Rev. Fr. Bernard Davies, a Mill Hill Missionary. Despite being an all-boys mission school, the students consist of all races regardless of religion.
La Salle Secondary School, Kota Kinabalu is divided into two pieces of land. The Senior Block (form 4 to Form 6), remains at its current location. The Junior Block (Form 1 to Form 3) has been relocated to the new ground to accommodate the increase in student enrolment.
The single-session secondary school is located in Tanjung Aru. It is a few minutes walk from Pekan Tanjung Aru. Next to the Senior Block is SM Stella Maris.
History
La Salle Secondary School Kota Kinabalu was established in July 1903 as Sacred Heart Primary School by Father Van Der Heyden. The school began with the vision to give wholesome learning to cater to the need of the growing young population. By June 1913, the school had around 50 students which increased to 215 by the year 1923. Between 1941 and 1945, a wooden school building with eight classes was built on the site where the current Sacred Heart Primary School stands.
As the growing interest in education was made aware of, the enrolment of pupils began to increase. The school was registered officially with the North Borneo Education Department on 24 September 1947.
In the early 1950s, the Catholic Mission started the Sacred Heart secondary school and Father Bernard Davies who served as its first principal. In 1953, the Catholic Mission obtained 3 hectares of land in Tanjung Aru and moved the school to its present location.
By 1958, the La Salle Brothers took over the management of the school with Brother Raphael Egan being the first principal. On 22 May 1958, Sacred Heart Secondary School was subsequently renamed La Salle Secondary School. This name was derived after the founder, Jean Baptiste de La Salle whose dream for social change to touch the youthful heart was conceptualised.
Around 1951/52, the Catholic Mission established the Sacred Heart Secondary School with Father Davies as the first principal of the school. In 1953, the Catholic Mission obtained 7.6 acres of land in Tanjung Aru, thus, moving the school to the current site.
The school is affiliated to other Lasallian educational institutions in Malaysia.
School Badge and Rally
The badge of La Salle School, has the shape of a shield. It is divided into three sections. The upper section is dominated by a Star. The crest has close connections with the La Salle Order.
The seal of the Order is a Star on an azure (blue) field (background). The Star, while conveying light, causes us to raise our sights aloft. It has been symbolic of the high ideals we should strive to attain in life. It is a reminder of the star that guided the Three Wise men to Bethlehem when Jesus was born.
On the right side of the wearer of the badge is a small lamp and an open book. The lamp is a symbol of the light of knowledge and the lamp together with the book may be taken as a compound of study or the process of learning.
On the left side or the “Sinister” side, there are three bent bars or chevrons, resembling inverted V's. The chevrons are the coat of arms of the La Salle family, which refers to an ancestor of the La Salle family whose legs were broken in battle while fighting for his king.
Finally, the motto "Beriman dan Beramal or “Fides et Opera” – i.e. ‘By Faith and Deeds' reminds us to prove our belief in God and righteousness by doing good.
Principals
Rev. Fr. Bernard Davies, M.H.M. (1952–1954)
Rev. Fr. Arthur Crowther, M.H.M. (1955–1958)
Bro. Raphael Eagan, FSC (1958–1966)
Bro. Brendan Dunne, FSC (1966–1968)
Bro. Datuk Charles Michael O'Leary, FSC, PGDK (1968–1985)
Mr. Stanley Liew Hyuk Hiong (1986–1999)
Dr. Edward Miku Tionsu (2000–2003)
Mdm. Katherine Philip (2004–2006)
Mdm. Julia Willie Jock, ADK, ASDK (2006–2016)
Mdm. Mary Macdalena A. Komuji (2016–present)
Notable alumni
Tan Sri Bernard Dompok – former state chief minister
Datuk James Wong – former Malaysian footballer
Datuk Peter Mojuntin – late former state cabinet Minister who perished in the Double Six Crash
Archbishop Emeritus John Lee – Retired Archbishop of Kota Kinabalu Archdiocese
Tan Sri Richard Malanjum – Chief Justice of Malaysia from 2018 to 2019
Datuk Salleh Sulong – late former state cabinet Minister who was also a victim of the Double Six Crash
Peter Rajah – former Malaysian goalkeeper
Tan Sri Joseph Pairin Kitingan – former Chief Minister of Sabah
Tun Ahmadshah Abdullah – State Governor from 2003 to 2010
See also
List of schools in Sabah
Lists of schools in Malaysia
References
External links
De La Salle Brothers Sabah
Buildings and structures in Kota Kinabalu
Schools in Sabah
Lasallian schools in Malaysia
Secondary schools in Malaysia
Catholic schools in Malaysia
Sportskeeda is a sports and esports news website, founded in 2009. The website has news, features, commentary and videos on sports like Cricket, Football, WWE, Tennis, NFL, NBA, and also video games such as Minecraft, Fortnite, PUBG, Valorant, CS:GO, Free Fire and GTA. Operations are managed by the incorporated organisation Absolute Sports Private Limited. The website registered a 433% user growth with in monthly average users increasing from 15 million to 80 million from 2020 to 2022.
History
Sportskeeda was founded by its current Chief Executive Officer Porush Jain in association with his fellow sports enthusiasts Srinivas Cuddapah. The name of the website is derived from a colloquial Hindi term that is the sporting equivalent of the word 'bookworm'; 'Sportskeeda' literally translates to 'sports worm' in English.
The website was initially run from the office of Jain's father in Noida, but moved its operations to Bengaluru in 2011. Sportskeeda was backed by venture capital funding in its initial years. Seedfund, an organisation that funds early-stage ventures, had invested ₹2.8 crore into Sportskeeda in 2011. The Company turned profitable in 2014. Seedfund exited in 2019 when majority stake in the website was acquired by the gaming firm Nazara Technologies in 2019 at a valuation $10M.
Wrestling coverage
Sportskeeda has developed a following in the USA through its pro wrestling content. The website covers promotions like WWE, New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), All Elite Wrestling (AEW), Impact Wrestling, Ring of Honor (ROH), and smaller independent promotions.
Some of the notable pro wrestling names that have been interviewed by the website include Braun Strowman, Triple H, Kenny Omega, Kane, Drew McIntyre, Matt Hardy, Jinder Mahal and the irrelevant opinions of Vince Russo. Sportskeeda also produces a weekly podcast called Dropkick DiSKussions which features exclusive interviews with top WWE, Impact and AEW stars.
Esports coverage
Esports and gaming form a significant part of Sportskeeda's content, particularly since the halt in sporting action due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Sportskeeda covers several mobile games like PUBG Mobile, Free Fire, and COD Mobile.
The site also has content on some of the games such as Fortnite, GTA, and Valorant. Their coverage of well-known streaming personalities such as Pokimane, Corpse Husband, Dr. Disrespect, and others is designed to cater to the gaming pop culture market in india.
Reach
The site's monthly user base is approximately 60 million. Sportskeeda also has partnerships with browsers and mobile OEMs, which publish the website's content on their platforms.
See also
Bleacher Report
CBS Sports
ESPNcricinfo
Yahoo! Sports
Fandom (website)
IGN
References
External links
Sport websites
Sport Internet forums
The Deceivers are a 1988 adventure film directed by Nicholas Meyer, starring Pierce Brosnan, Shashi Kapoor and Saeed Jaffrey. The film is based on the 1952 John Masters novel of the same name regarding the murderous Thuggee of India.
Plot
The film takes place in India in 1825. The country is being ravaged by Thuggees, a Kali-worshiping cult also known as "Deceivers", who commit robbery and ritualistic murder. Captain William Savage, an honorable district administrator for the East India Company, is informed by his subjects in Madhia about the Thugees' murder raids, and appalled, he opens a manhunt on them. He manages to capture a Thugee named Hussein and win his cooperation, but for acting on his own initiative, Savage's chief officer and father-in-law, Colonel Wilson, stubbornly adhering to Company protocol, dismisses his report and relieves him of his duty.
Chagrined but determined, Savage decides to disguise himself as an imprisoned native outlaw, Gopal the Weaver, and get introduced into the Thugee cult by Hussein, with only his wife Sarah knowing about his plan. He is accepted, and after a period of training he is forced to participate in their raids. One day, however, Gopal appears at the fortress, revealing himself as a Thuggee, and in order to avoid being exposed, Savage is forced to kill him. This awakens in him a dark, ecstatic fascination for killing. Savage also discovers that certain East Indian Company officials know about the Thuggees' activities but let them pass through their districts in exchange for a share of their ill-gotten plunder.
Fearing for Savage's safety, Hussein flees to inform Sarah of her husband's situation; but Thuggee infiltrators in the Company overhear them and capture Hussein before he can return to the fortress. With Savage's secret thus exposed, but with the Thuggees willing to accept him as one of their own, Savage is instructed to kill Hussein. Taking one of the Thuggees' children hostage, he forces his way out of the fortress, but Hussein is shot dead before he can get away. Savage flees into a field of reeds, where the Thuggees encircle him; but before they can kill him, East India Company troopers, alerted by Sarah's servant, arrive and defeat the Thuggees. Rehabilitated and promoted to colonel, Savage receives the official task of eradicating the Thuggee cult throughout India, although Savage must now struggle with the mental scars his time with the Thuggees and their bloodthirsty ways have left on him.
Cast
Pierce Brosnan as William Savage
Shashi Kapoor as Chandra Singh
Saeed Jaffrey as Hussein
Shanmukha Srinivas as Hira Lal
Helena Michell as Sarah Wilson
Keith Michell as Colonel Wilson
David Robb as George Anglesmith
Tariq Yunus as Feringea
Jalal Agha as the Nawab
Manmohan Krishna as Old Rajput
Ramesh Ranga as Rajput's Son
Gary Cady as Lt. Maunsell
Salim Ghouse as Piroo
Neena Gupta as Gopal's Wife/the Widow
Kanwaljit Singh as Gopal
Nayeem Hafizka as Sepoy
Bijoya Jena as Harlot
H.N. Kalla as The Nawab's Servant
Rajesh Vivek as Priest
Kammo as Official
Original Novel
John Masters' original novel was published in 1952. It was his second novel, following Nightrunners to Bengal.
"It offers color and violence in large gobs" said the Washington Post. The New York Times called it "an unfocused work that never comes to grips with its material."
The novel was adapted for radio by the BBC in 1984.
Production
Development
In 1957 it was announced John Bryan would produce a film of the novel for the Rank Organization with Masters writing the screenplay. The film was not made. In 1974 Stanley Donen announced he had the rights and wanted to make "the kind of movie I've never made before – a big sprawling epic." He did not make it either.
Film rights passed to Merchant Ivory Productions. "It's completely different for us", said producer Ismail Merchant. "We're known for doing E.M. Forster and Henry James. Deceivers are in the same genre as Raiders of the Lost Ark. Which is certainly a switch." Merchant later said he made it to "keep the production company moving". In 1984 Michael White was reportedly working on the film.
Development took ten years. Original directors were Marek Kanievska and Stephen Frears. Then Merchant approached writer and director Nicholas Meyer—fresh off his work on Volunteers and Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home—through Meyer's agent about directing The Deceivers. Meyer reportedly agreed to a substantial pay cut in order to direct the film, remarking, "Hollywood is making films I have no interest in seeing, machined tooled, packaged, with a lot of numbers after their names. The studios don't just want home runs. They want grand slams. Anything less than $100 million is not interesting to them." "It's strictly action-adventure = a 'cavalry to the rescue' type film", said Meyer.
Casting
Christopher Reeve and Treat Williams were originally considered for the part of William Savage, but Meyer successfully lobbied to have an actual Englishman in the role. In his memoir The View from the Bridge, Meyer wrote, "'Here's a story about an Englishman who disguises himself as an Indian,' I reasoned. 'If you cast this actor, you will have an American disguising himself as an Englishman, disguising himself as an Indian. We will be lost in the stunt, even if he pulls it off, and not pay attention to the story and the things we want to take for granted, i.e., that it concerns an Englishman.'"
The part ultimately went to Pierce Brosnan, whom Meyer fondly described as "Errol Flynn—with talent." Brosnan had just missed the chance to play James Bond due to his commitments to Remington Steele. His casting was announced in April 1987. "I play an Englishman, a glorified accountant working for the East India Trading Co.", said Brosnan. "He discovers this cult and disguises himself as an Indian. He goes on the road with the Thugs, who kill people by strangulation."
Filming
Shooting took place over a four-month period in India, in Jaipur, Agra and Khajuraho, while post-production was completed in London. Filming started 21 September 1987.
Filming was marred with difficulties from the onset. According to Meyer, the production was subject to frequent disruption from the local Jaipur mafia for declining to make any dealings with their leader. Meyer wrote, "Scores of hooligans stormed through our sets while we were rolling; equipment was sabotaged or stolen; 'cultural' societies were founded for the sole purpose of suing us, alleging pornographic distortions of Indian culture."
The filmmakers were criticised by social and political groups who felt it distorted Hindu religion and culture. The producers argued it was "a pure and simple thriller".
At one point, Ismail Merchant and co-producer Tim Van Rellim were arrested for "obscenity and misrepresentation of Hindu culture." Among the allegations was that the production filmed a sati as one really happened. Merchant responded to the allegations with disgust, saying, "What happened was a mockery—people taking advantage of democratic principles in order to whip up a frenzy."
Associate producer Paul Bradley said the charge came from a politically well-connected Jaipur businessman who was unhappy at the depiction of Kali and the subplot about suttee. "The script has already been submitted to and passed by the Indian government", said Bradley. "Any film made in India, certainly by a foreign company, has to be vetted and passed by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting." Bradley said the businessman and some film workers had been "pressuring the production company to employ them at exorbitant rates."
Despite the disruptions, Meyer spoke highly of his Indian production crew, stating, "One day when we needed our tulip crane for a big shot, I was flummoxed to learn that four of its bolts had been stolen, incapacitating a vital piece of equipment. I don't deal well with last minute alterations to The Plan, but my Indian crew managed to mill four new bolts by the time we were ready to roll."
Reception
Box office
The Deceivers were a box office failure. The film earned only $346,297 in the North American market against an estimated $5–6 million budget.
Critical response
The Deceivers were released on 2 September 1988 and received mostly negative reviews from film critics. The film has a 33% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 6 reviews.
Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film a mediocre review and stated that, "Despite the film's claims to be based on fact, I didn't believe it for a moment. I did, however, enjoy it at various moments. Brosnan disappears so completely into the leading role that he hardly seems present in the movie, and the film's portrait of Victorian India is a triumph (the production was designed by the British master of period atmosphere, Tony Adams). It looks great even at its most incredible." Janet Maslin of The New York Times also thought negatively of the film, stating "The tinniness of Michael Hirst's screenplay (It's older than time and just as mysterious) hardly helps bring this material to life, any more than Mr. Brosnan's unconvincing and (despite several episodes in which he proves himself capable of violent killing) rather passive performance." Maslin then went on to say that, "In its own way, The Deceivers is oddly old-fashioned." Hal Hinson of The Washington Post called it "an adventure epic with a pretty measly sense of adventure." He added, "There are a few patches of exotic fun, like the opening murder scene, and there's a seductive campfire dance by a young boy that's creepy enough to send chills (though perhaps inadvertently). But for the most part all we react to is the squandering of a good idea."
Conversely, Jay Boyar of the Orlando Sentinel gave the film modest praise, saying it "casts quite a spell, combining supernatural overtones with scenes of shootings, stabbings and (especially) strangulations. Without being crude or exploitative it tells its story in a modest, old-fashioned way with no reliance on gratuitous gore."
Home media
The Deceivers were released on DVD through The Criterion Collection.
See also
List of historical drama films of Asia
References
External links
The Deceivers at TCMDB
1988 films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Nicholas Meyer
Films scored by John Scott (composer)
1980s adventure films
Merchant Ivory Productions films
Films set in 1825
Films set in India
Films set in the British Raj
Films shot in Rajasthan
Films about cults
Films shot in Uttar Pradesh
1980s English-language films
Robert Gerwig (1820–1885) was a German civil engineer.
Gerwig was born on 2 May 1820 in Karlsruhe, in the Grand Duchy of Baden, and attended the Großherzogliches Polytechnikum (now known as Karlsruhe Institute of Technology) where he studied civil engineering, primarily road construction.
In the 1860s, Gerwigs attention and professional skills turned toward rail transport. He was one of the principal designers of the Black Forest Railway, which avoided steep grades through the use of numerous loops and curved tunnels. He applied the principle again for the Gotthard Railway at the double loop of Wassen. His last rail project was the Höllental Railway, also in Germany's Black Forest region.
Later in life, Gerwig turned to politics. He was active in the government of Baden. He also served as the first director (1850-) of the Clockmakers School (Uhrmacherschule) in Furtwangen. In 1852 he began collecting clocks; his collection formed the basis for 'Study Collection" of the school and eventually became the German Clock Museum (Deutsches Uhrenmuseum). Gerwig died on 6 December 1885.
References
External links
1820 births
1885 deaths
Engineers from Karlsruhe
People from the Grand Duchy of Baden
German Protestants
National Liberal Party (Germany) politicians
Members of the Second Chamber of the Diet of the Grand Duchy of Baden
Members of the 3rd Reichstag of the German Empire
Members of the 4th Reichstag of the German Empire
Members of the 5th Reichstag of the German Empire
German civil engineers
German railway mechanical engineers
The Kaiserpreis for aircraft engines, or more precisely Kaiserpreis für den besten deutschen Flugzeugmotor (), was an aircraft engine competition
endowed by Emperor Wilhelm II with 50,000 Mark in 1912. The price money was supplemented to a total of 125,000 Mark by various institutions of the German Empire and the Prussian State.
The prize was awarded in 1913 to the Benz FX four-cylinder engine produced by Benz & Cie., Rheinische Automobil- und Motorenfabrik AG, Mannheim.
History
On 27 January 1912, his birthday, Emperor Wilhelm II enacted that on his next birthday prize money of 50,000 Mark should be paid to the manufacturer, whose engine had been ruled the best German aircraft engine after a trial.
The initiative for this engine contest originated at his brother Prince Henry of Prussia, and Emperor Wilhelm II endowed the prize with his private money.
Various institutions of the German Empire and the Prussian State supplemented the money so that also the 2nd though 5h place could be remunerated with a price money.
After the Kaiserpreis aircraft engine contest was announced in April 1912, a committee was established and a prize jury of seven experts, consisting of six professors and one expert of the German Imperial Naval Office, was formed.
A newly formed independent institution, the Verein Deutsche Versuchsanstalt für Luftfahrt e. V. (DVL) in Berlin-Adlershof, was tasked with conducting the engine trials.
The exact terms and regulations for the contest as well as the amount of the prize money were then published on 7 May 1912.
The price money and the prospect of lucrative government contracts attracted much interest.
Beginning with July 44 engines from 26 contenders were submitted and many contenders also submitted replacement engines, which were allowed to be used in case an engine failure occurred without the contenders fault.
Altogether 65 engines, including the replacement engines, were admitted to the contest, but only 26 engines and 17 replacement engines from 14 contenders were delivered by the deadline of 25 October.
The engine trials were conducted by the DVL beginning with mid of November 1912.
Results
The Kaiserpreis, with prize money of 50,000 Mark, was awarded to the 100 hp Benz FX four-cylinder engine produced by Benz & Cie., Rheinische Automobil- und Motorenfabrik AG, Mannheim.
The second prize, the Reichskanzlerpreis () with prize money of 30,000 Mark, was awarded to the 90 hp six-cylinder Mercedes engine of the Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft.
the third prize, with prize money of 25,000 Mark, was awarded to the 97 hp four-cylinder engine of the Neue Automobil-Gesellschaft (NAG).
the fourth prize, with prize money of 10,000 Mark, was awarded to the 72 hp four-cylinder Mercedes engine, again by Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft.
the fifth prize, with prize money of 10,000 Mark, was awarded to 98 hp four-cylinder Argus-engine from the Argus Motoren Gesellschaft.
References
Bibliography
1912 in aviation
Aviation competitions and awards
Krakatit is a 1948 Czechoslovak science fiction mystery film directed by Otakar Vávra, starring Karel Höger as a chemist who suffers from delirium and regret after inventing a powerful explosive. The film is based on Karel Čapek's novel with the same title, written in 1922. The name is derived from the volcano Krakatoa.
Plot
A barely conscious, unidentified man is given intensive care by a doctor and a nurse. The man's hands are badly burned and cut. The doctor tells the nurse to give the man oxygen.
A sequence begins where the man walks along a street in delirium. An old classmate, Jiří Tomeš, greets him and we learn that the man's name is Prokop. He speaks incoherently about an explosion and something he calls krakatit. Jiří brings him home and puts him in bed. In a dream, a university professor asks Prokop about krakatit. He answers that it is a powerful explosive, named after the volcano Krakatoa, and explains its formula. As the dream ends we see that Jiří has written the formula down. Prokop wakes up alone in Jiří's apartment. He finds a note which says that Jiří has gone to his father. Prokop opens the door when a veiled woman rings the bell. She begs Prokop to deliver a letter to Jiří. Prokop, still not recovered, decides to visit Jiří's father, a countryside doctor. An old, horse-powered mail carrier gives Prokop lift. Upon arriving he learns that Jiří has not visited his father in a long time. Prokop collapses.
Tended by the doctor and his daughter Anči, Prokop slowly recovers, but cannot recall what has happened. One day he reads in a newspaper about krakatit, which is being promoted by someone named Carson, and Prokop suddenly remembers the explosion in his laboratory. He rushes to the laboratory where he meets Carson, a representative from Balttin Works, a foreign weapon manufacturer. Carson explains that Jiří had sold them Prokop's stock of krakatit and the formula, and that their experiments with krakatit have shown that it is a highly deadly explosive which can be detonated with high-frequency radio signals. However while they have the formula, they have failed to figure out the production procedure, and offer Prokop to work for them. Prokop declines but is brought to the Balttin palace by force.
At the palace Prokop begins a romance with a princess. Meanwhile, he realizes he actually is in love with the veiled woman from Jiří's apartment. The Balttin executives offers him to marry the princess if he gives them krakatit. In anger, Prokop blows up the laboratory where he has been held captive, and with his coat loaded with explosives he confronts the princess, whose face dissolves. Prokop is helped to escape from the palace by an ambassador named d'Hémon, who brings him to a secret society of former world leaders and weapon dealers, who worship war and hail Prokop as Comrade Krakatit. As tumult breaks out, a can of krakatit, originally from Prokop's old laboratory, is emptied and the members fight to gather some of the powder for themselves. Prokop and d'Hémon leave and briefly run into the veiled woman.
D'Hémon brings Prokop to the top of a hill made of magnetite, where Prokop's old laboratory has been relocated and turned into a secret radio station. They enter and d'Hémon makes Prokop push a button. All remaining krakatit, scattered around European capitals, then explode in the far distance. D'Hémon explains that the explosions are certain to trigger a great war which can be controlled from the radio station with krakatit. Prokop becomes furious and screams at d'Hémon, who disappears before his eyes.
Prokop finds himself in a desolate, concrete landscape. He comes upon an enclosed factory, where he asks to see Jiří Tomeš. His requests are rejected, but he is allowed to meet a lab assistant, to whom he gives the letter from the veiled woman. Prokop walks away from the factory. After a while he sees it explode in the distance. The old mail carrier appears and gives Prokop a lift. The driver suggest Prokop should invent something that makes people's lives easier instead of killing people. Back at the hospital from the first scene, the doctor says that the patient now is breathing normally and the oxygen mask can be removed.
Cast
Karel Höger as Prokop
Florence Marly as Princess Wilhelmina Hagen
Eduard Linkers as Carson
Jiří Plachý as d'Hémon
Nataša Tanská as Anči Tomeš
František Smolík as Dr. Tomeš
Miroslav Homola as Jiří Tomeš
Vlasta Fabianová as the veiled woman / the revolutionist woman
Jaroslav Průcha as old mail carrier
Jiřina Petrovická as the nurse
Jaroslav Zrotal as the doctor
Bedřich Vrbský as Baron Rohn
Bohuš Hradil as Holz
Reception
The film premiered in Czechoslovakia on 9 April 1948. In 1951 it was released in the United States by Artkino Pictures. In The New York Times, the film was called "a strident preachment for peace and against destructive nuclear fission, but basically it is clouded and halting drama."
The critic wrote favourably about the performances of Höger, Marly, Tanská and Linkers, but felt: "Despite the adequate English subtitles, the rest of the cast moves through the scientist's dream world much like the robots invented by Čapek in R. U. R. They can't be blamed however, for Krakatit is sapped by a surfeit of symbolism."
"Wear." of Variety found Florence Marly's performance "especially good" and the supporting cast was "unusually strong" while finding Vavra's direction "uneven, being routine in earlier passages and near the climax, but topnotch on the straight melodramatics." The review also praised the camera work of Vaclav Hanus and Kiri Srnka's musical score as "weird and unusual enough to fit the subject matter."
References
Sources
External links
1948 mystery films
1948 films
Czechoslovak black-and-white films
1940s Czech-language films
Czechoslovak science fiction adventure films
Films directed by Otakar Vávra
1940s science fiction adventure films
Czech science fiction adventure films
Czech mystery films
Czechoslovak mystery films
Adaptations of works by Karel Čapek
Cyphocottus is a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Cyphocottus eurystomus (Taliev, 1955)
Cyphocottus megalops (Gratzianov, 1902)
References
Abyssocottidae
Scorpaeniformes genera
Mikaela Johanna Emilia Ingberg (born 29 July 1974 in Vaasa) is a female javelin thrower from Finland. Her personal best throw is 64.03 metres, achieved in September 2000 in Berlin. She was nicknamed "Mikke" during her career.
Her achievements include bronze medals at the 1995 World Championships, 1998 and 2002 European Championships. She has been coached by Tapio Korjus.
Achievements
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Vaasa
Finnish female javelin throwers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Finland
Swedish-speaking Finns
World Athletics Championships medalists
European Athletics Championships medalists
Goodwill Games medalists in athletics
Competitors at the 2001 Goodwill Games
20th-century Finnish women
21st-century Finnish women
Marasmiellus ramealis is a species of mushroom-forming fungus of the family Marasmiaceae.
External links
Fungi described in 1788
Marasmiaceae
Midlands Gateway, also known as Lake-Counties Gateway, is an area centered between the Irish airports, of Dublin, Shannon, and Knock. According to the Irish National Development Plan, the objectives of the Midlands Gateway are to "reinforce and further develop strong links between the towns in the area and the neighbouring urban centres, by means of infrastructure and services in order to maximise internal and external accessibility as a location for investment business development and tourism". The principle urban centres in the Midlands Gateway include Athlone, Tullamore and Mullingar. The counties covered in the plan include County Offaly and County Westmeath.
Objective
The proposed combined County council strategy aspires to provide the basis for the development of a "world class, knowledge-based and competitive gateway". The strategy is designed to create an integrated linked Gateway comprising Athlone, Tullamore and Mullingar together with the other surrounding towns in the region with the objective of developing an "internationally competitive Gateway".
The designation and development of the Midlands gateway is aimed at providing the basis to develop a range of high quality employment and educational opportunities centred on first-rate accessibility and mobility. The Irish government strategy, combined with the associated councils has been formulated with the intention of ensuring the availability of choice in residential, retail, leisure and tourist facilities based on the principles of quality of life and environmental enhancement.
Background
The background to the Midlands Gateway project is the Irish government's National Spatial Strategy, which was launched in 2002 with the objective of engendering a "more balanced approach to regional development across the State".
The purpose of this strategic framework is to focus more directly on the role of the Midlands Gateway within this strategy in acting as the economic driving force for the development of the Midlands region.
Goals
In order to ensure that the vision for the Midlands Gateway is achieved, a number of partners were identified as of importance to the Midlands gateways success. These included a number of Government departments, the Industrial Development Authority (Ireland), National Roads Authority NRA, Higher Education Authority (HEA), Science Foundation Ireland (SFI) and local agencies.
One of the most essential requirements that will ensure the successful operation of a Gateway is the provision of high quality transport infrastructure so as to provide the necessary levels of internal and external accessibility and mobility. Currently, the Gateway does not have direct access to complete Inter-Urban Motorways/Dual-Carriageways, both internally and externally. The Gateway, and in particular the three principal Gateway towns of Athlone, Tullamore and Mullingar, is served by main line inter-urban rail and bus networks, with direct access to urban centres of Dublin, Galway and Sligo, and limited local bus services. However, there is poor rail connection within the gateway.
In addition, the Gateway is not directly served by an inland port and, of critical importance, is not currently within one-hour drive time of an international airport. There is poor road linkage between the Gateways towns, with limited rail and bus service links. If developed as proposed, the road development proposals announced in the Transport 21 Government Proposal (November 2005) would mean that the Midlands Gateway would attain improved access to Galway, Dublin and Sligo, and therefore also to ports and airports. The plan also identified a need to "considerably improve the road infrastructure within and adjacent to the Gateway", as the "existing status is significantly insufficient".
Report
A report by Indecon, concluded that the "scale of the economic challenges facing the Midlands Gateway is very large". The analysis in the Strategic development Framework for the Midlands Gateway report highlighted the following challenges:
The absence of a critical mass of population, employment and infrastructure in the Gateway;
The extremely low levels of value-added and productivity in the existing manufacturing base in the region, which leaves the Gateway vulnerable to significant further job losses;
The persistence of socio-economic barriers, including noticeably higher unemployment, lower educational attainment, and social deprivation/exclusion in certain areas in the Midlands counties;
The failure of the region to capture a higher share of tourism activity and to develop higher value tourism product areas; and
The absence of a strong, identifiable ‘brand' for the Midlands Gateway, which gives the Gateway and surrounding region strong visibility as an attractive location for live and work.
The reporters Simpson and Associates, strongly believe that unless the strategies recommended in this report are implemented, the potential for the area to develop as a significant Gateway is limited and this, like all the other elements of the (original National Spatial Strategy), now called the National Development Plan, would remain aspirational.
If, however, the recommendations in this report are implemented, we believe there is a real opportunity for significant progress to be made.
See also
Irish National Development Plan
Platform 11
Transport 21
Midland Railway Action Group
References
External links
Midlands Gateway (archived 2008)
Finance Ministers Mr. Brian Cowen's Speech 2 March 2007 (archived 2011)
Strategic Development Framework For The MIDLANDS GATEWAY (archived 2007)
Rail transport in Ireland
Athlone
Mullingar
Transport in County Westmeath
Transport in County Offaly
Economy of the Republic of Ireland
The 2016 Westmeath Senior Football Championship is the 112th edition of the Westmeath GAA's premier club Gaelic football tournament for senior graded teams in County Westmeath, Ireland. The tournament consists of 12 teams, with the winner going on to represent Westmeath in the Leinster Senior Club Football Championship. The championship starts with a group stage and then progresses to a knock out stage.
St. Loman's Mullingar were the defending champions after they defeated Castledaly in the previous years final.
This was Athlone's return to the senior grade after claiming the 2015 Westmeath Intermediate Football Championship title. The county's most successful club made the straight bounce back up from the middle after being relegated for the first time in their history in 2014.
St. Malachy's were relegated to the I.F.C. for 2017 after three seasons in the top flight of Westmeath football.
Team changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2015 championship season.
To S.F.C.
Promoted from I.F.C.
Athlone – (Intermediate Champions)
From S.F.C.
Relegated to I.F.C.
Bunbrosna
Group stage
There are 2 groups called Group A and B. The top finisher in each group qualify for the Semi Finals directly. The second and the third-placed finishers in both groups will qualify for the Quarter Finals. The bottom finisher in each group will qualify for the Relegation Final.
Group A
Round 1
Garrycastle 0-14, 1-4 Castledaly, 16/4/2016,
Killucan 2-11, 2-10 Maryland, 16/4/2016,
The Downs 1-6, 0-5 Mullingar Shamrocks, 17/4/2016,
Round 2
Mullingar Shamrocks 1-17, 0-8 Castledaly, 14/5/2016,
Killucan 3-9, 1-12 Garrycastle, 15/5/2016,
Maryland 1-9, 0-10 The Downs, 15/5/2016,
Round 3
Killucan 4-7, 1-16 Mullingar Shamrocks, 10/9/2016,
Garrycastle 2-10, 0-4 Maryland, 11/9/2016,
Castledaly 2-11, 1-13 The Downs, 11/9/2016,
Round 4
Killucan 3-6, 0-10 Castledaly, 13/8/2016,
The Downs 5-11, 2-11 Garrycastle, 13/8/2016,
Mullingar Shamrocks 0-19, 1-8 Maryland, 13/8/2016,
Round 5
Killucan 1-11, 1-10 The Downs, 27/8/2016,
Mullingar Shamrocks 0-13, 0-10, 28/8/2016,
Castledaly 1-15, 1-10 Maryland, 28/8/2016,
Quarter-final playoffs:
Garrycastle 1-17, 0-10 Castledaly, 17/9/2016,
Garrycastle 4-11, 0-9 The Downs, 25/9/2016,
Group B
Round 1
Athlone 0-13, 1-9 St. Malachy's, 17/4/2016,
Tyrrellspass 1-13, 0-13 St. Loman's Mullingar, 17/4/2016,
Caulry 0-11, 1-6 Coralstown/Kinnegad, 17/4/2016,
Round 2
Athlone 2-10, 1-10 Tyrrellspass, 14/5/2016,
St. Malachy's 2-10, 0-7 Caulry, 14/5/2016,
St. Loman's Mullingar 3-19, 1-7 Coralstown/Kinnegad, 15/05/2016
Round 3
Athlone 3-19, 0-10 Coralstown/Kinnegad, 10/9/2016,
St. Loman's Mullingar 2-12, 0-11 Caulry, 10/9/2016,
Tyrrellspass 2-14, 0-7 St. Malachy's, 10/9/2016,
Round 4
Coralstown/Kinnegad 2-8, 0-10 St. Malachy's, 13/8/2016,
St. Loman's Mullingar 0-19, 0-13 Athlone, 14/8/2016,
Tyrrellspass 0-20, 2-5 Caulry, 14/8/2016,
Round 5
Tyrrellspass 3-11, 1-8 Coralstown/Kinnegad, 26/8/2016,
Caulry 0-15, 1-9 Athlone, 28/8/2016,
St. Loman's Mullingar 4-16, 2-10 St. Malachy's, 28/8/2016,
Knock-out stages
Relegation final
The bottom finisher from both groups qualifies for the Relegation final. The loser will be relegated to the 2017 Intermediate Championship.
Maryland 1-9, 0-11 St. Malachy's, Tubberclair, 23/9/2016,
Finals
There are 2 groups called Group A and B. The top finisher in each group qualify for the Semi Finals directly. The second and the third-placed finishers in both groups will qualify for the Quarter Finals.
Quarter-Finals:
St. Loman's Mullingar 2-13, 1-8 Garrycastle, Cusack Park, 1/10/2016,
Athlone 1-7, 1-7 Mullingar Shamrocks, Cusack Park, 1/10/2016,
Athlone 2-9, 1-10 Mullingar Shamrocks, Tubberclair, 5/10/2016
Semi-Finals:
St. Loman's Mullingar 2-14, 0-12 Killucan, Cusack Park, 16/10/2016,
Tyrrellspass 1-8, 1-6 Athlone, Cusack Park, 16/10/2016,
Leinster Senior Club Football Championship
References
Westmeath Senior Football Championship
Westmeath Senior Football Championship
The Asian Football Confederation's 1981 AFC Women's Championship was the fourth AFC Women's Championship. It was held from 7 to 17 June 1981 in Hong Kong. The tournament was won by for the third consecutive time by Chinese Taipei in the final against Thailand.
Stadiums
Government Stadium
Mong Kok Stadium
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knock-out stage
Semi-final
Third place match
Final
Winner
External links
RSSSF.com
Women's Championship
AFC Women's Asian Cup tournaments
International association football competitions hosted by Hong Kong
Afc
AFC
AFC Women's Championship
AFC Women's Championship
The British Legion Volunteer Police Force was a very short lived police force established in response to the outcome of the Munich Agreement in September 1938. The force was formed on 6 October 1938 and disbanded on 15 October 1938, only ten days later.
Origins
During the Sudeten Crisis of 1938 when the threat of war in Europe was rising, the President of The Royal British Legion, Sir Frederick Maurice volunteered the services of the members of the British Legion to the British Government "in the event of a national emergency arising ... in such way as its activities could be most usefully employed." The offer was acknowledged by the Prime Minister, Neville Chamberlain who expressed his "earnest hope that such an emergency will not arise". On 25 September Germany was demanding the secession of the Sudetenland by 1 October but agreed to a plebiscite being held to determine the frontier. As part of the German demand was that Czech troops were withdrawn there was a need for the region to be policed and Chamberlain proposed that this was a role that could be fulfilled by the British Legion. This was an offer that Germany acceded to. Accordingly, Maurice visited Berlin to discuss arrangements, and the result was a call for volunteers to act as a police force in the plebiscite areas. On 4 October it was reported that a 1,200 volunteers (1000 operational and 200 support staff) had been selected and would travel to the Sudetenland, over 10,000 having volunteered. A communiqué issued by the Foreign Office "The British Legion recently offered to place its entire organization at the disposal of his Majesty's Government for any service that might be required in connexion with the settlement to be arrived at in Czechoslovakia. His Majesty's Government, in accepting that offer, have decided to ask the Legion to make itself responsible for providing a force of 1,000 volunteer police, for special duties in the plebiscite areas." This was the first mention of calling this body of men a police force.
The force mustered at Olympia in London on 7 October, were sworn in as special constables on 8 October, and entrained to Tilbury on 12 October where they boarded the recently retired P&O liner and the troopship HMT Dunera to sail to Bremen. On 13 October, before either ship sailed, the International Commission meeting in Berlin decided that no plebiscite was needed and therefore the force was redundant. As a result, the force disbanded on 15 October and the men returned to their homes.
Only three members of the force ever travelled to Czechoslovakia when an advance party flew via Brussels to investigate billeting arrangements in the Sudetenland.
Organisation, leadership and equipment
Commander of the force was the Legion's national chairman Major Sir Francis Fetherston-Godley. His subordinate commanders were Lieutenant-General Sir James O'Dowda, Brigadier-General E.R. Fitzpatrick and Colonel W. Wilberforce. The force even had its own chaplain, a role filled by the Bishop of Truro, Joseph Hunkin.
The force was unarmed with each man carrying only a walking stick and a police whistle. Each was given a double breasted blue suit, a police overcoat, peaked cap of the type issued to special constables, boots and leggings. To identify them each man was to wear the British Legion badge, the Legion tie and an arm brassard embossed British Legion. On disbandment the cap and overcoat had to be returned but each man was entitled to retain the rest of the equipment.
Regardless of his role within the force each man was paid the same rate of £3 15s per week for married men and £3 per week for single men.
The force was organised into a Headquarters and two divisions "easily sub-divisible into self-contained units".
References
Defunct police forces of the United Kingdom
The Royal British Legion
1938 in the United Kingdom
Vitorino Francisco da Rocha e Silva (born on 19 April 1971), popularly known as Tino de Rans, is a Portuguese paver, television personality and politician.
Biography
Vitorino Silva was born in the small village of Rans in Penafiel; the sixth of eight siblings born to a ropemaker father and a smallholder and poultry farmer mother. His father died when he was eight years old.
He became President of the Parish Council of Rans in the 1993 local elections, where he was running for the Socialist Party; he was reelected in the 1997 elections and served until 2002. He became famous nationwide in February 1999, when he delivered an enthusiastic speech during the 11th National Congress of the Socialist Party that drew applause and laughter from the audience at the Coliseu dos Recreios; the speech ended with Silva hugging the party's secretary-general and incumbent Prime Minister António Guterres.
He enjoyed some fame as a media personality; in 2001 he released a music album (Tinomania, which included the popular hit "Pão Pão, Fiambre Fiambre"), and participated in SIC entertainment show Noites Marcianas and, in 2005, was a contestant in TVI reality show Quinta das Celebridades. Later still, in 2013, Silva was a contestant in the TVI celebrity reality show Big Brother VIP. In 2011, Silva, playing a fictionalised version of himself, participated in the acclaimed comedy show Último a Sair, spoofing Big Brother-like reality television shows.
Silva left the Socialist Party and unsuccessfully ran as an independent for Mayor of Valongo in the 2009 local elections, and for Mayor of Penafiel in the 2017 local elections.
In 2019, he founded React, Include, Recycle, a political party presenting itself as outside the conventional left–right political spectrum. The party was on the ballot for the first time in that year's legislative election, but failed to secure any seats in the Assembly of the Republic, with only 0.67% of the vote.
Silva was a candidate for President of the Republic in the 2016 presidential election and polled 6th place with 3.28% of the vote, a surprisingly good result for a candidate with no direct or indirect party support (very close to the results of Edgar Silva, the candidate supported by the Portuguese Communist Party, and of Maria de Belém Roseira, former President of the Socialist Party and twice government minister).
Vitorino Silva was a candidate for President of the Republic in the 2021 Portuguese presidential election. For the first time Vitorino was able to debate live on national television with the other candidates and was invited to debate in the final debate with every candidate. Silva gained notoriety for confronting the far-right candidate and Chega leader, André Ventura. The candidate offered André Ventura pebbles of all colours, claiming that “the sea brings pebbles of all colours, like the sea, Portugal has people of all colours” and if he was elected he would “be the president of the entire population”, unlike his rival.
References
1971 births
20th-century Portuguese politicians
21st-century Portuguese politicians
Living people
People from Penafiel
Candidates for President of Portugal
The Taipei Metro Qilian station (formerly transliterated as Chili An Station until 2003) is located in the Beitou District of Taipei, Taiwan. It is a station on the Tamsui Line (Red Line). In the past, the station belonged to the now-defunct TRA Tamsui Line.
Station overview
The two-level, elevated station structure with one island platform and one exit. The station is situated between Donghua Street and Xian Street, near the entrance of Gongguan. The washrooms are inside the entrance area.
History
The station was a station on the defunct TRA Tamsui Line. It was initially called "Chili An Station" as well, but was later renamed to "Shihpai Station". It was opened on 28 March 1997.
Station layout
References
1997 establishments in Taiwan
Railway stations opened in 1997
Tamsui–Xinyi line stations
Iwye District () is a district (rajon) in Grodno Region of Belarus.
The administrative center is Iwye. Another notable settlement is Hieraniony (Gieraniony), a small historic town with two Category II objects of national cultural heritage (the castle and the parish church).
Notable residents
Jan Pazniak (1887 or 1895, Subotniki - after October 1939), Belarusian politician and publisher, victim of Soviet repressions
Zianon Pazniak (born 24 April 1944), Belarusian politician, one of the founders of the Belarusian Popular Front and leader of the Conservative Christian Party – BPF
Districts of Grodno Region
Conor Clancy (born 1993) is an Irish hurler who plays for Offaly Senior Championship club St Rynagh's and at inter-county level with the Offaly senior hurling team. He usually lines out as a goalkeeper.
Honours
St Rynagh's
Offaly Senior Hurling Championship: 2016, 2019 (c)
Offaly
Christy Ring Cup: 2021
References
1993 births
Living people
St Rynagh's hurlers
Offaly inter-county hurlers
Hurling goalkeepers
The 2015 San Diego Toreros football team represented the University of San Diego during the 2015 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by third-year head coach Dale Lindsey and played their home games at Torero Stadium. They were a member of the Pioneer Football League. They finished the season 9–2, 7–1 in PFL play to share the league championship with Dayton. Due to their head to head loss to Dayton, they did not receive the PFL's automatic bid to the FCS Playoffs and did not receive an at-large bid.
Schedule
Game summaries
at San Diego State
Western New Mexico
at Valparaiso
Marist
at Dayton
Drake
Warner
at Stetson
Campbell
at Davidson
Butler
References
San Diego
San Diego Toreros football seasons
Pioneer Football League champion seasons
San Diego Toreros football
The 70-acre Burlington Northern (Brainerd/Baxter Plant) is a former railroad tie treatment plant by Burlington Northern Railroad in northern Minnesota, USA. The unlined creosote and fuel oil lagoons, which had been used to treat the ties contaminated groundwater. In 1985, the site was listed as a United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Superfund. Contaminated soils were excavated and capped and a groundwater gradient pump -out well is in place.
Location
Burlington Northern (Brainerd/Baxter Plant) is located on the boundary between the cities of Brainerd and Baxter, in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, in an area south of the Paul Bunyan State Trail and State Highway 210 and north of West Laurel Street (formerly Florence Street). The Mississippi River flows approximately 3,000 feet east of the site. The site is bordered by commercial and light industrial areas to the north and southwest and by residential areas to the south and southeast.
History
The site was operated by Burlington Northern Railroad and historical usage included railroad tie treatment, loading and unloading of ties and timbers, and timber storage. Several rail lines are still active through the area. The tie treating plant operated on the property between 1907 and 1985 and treated railroad ties with creosote and fuel oil. Wastewater generated from the wood-treating process was sent to two shallow, unlined ponds. This created a sludge which contaminated both the underlying soils and the groundwater with creosote and polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
Threats and contaminants
Prior to the operation of the groundwater treatment system, contaminated groundwater threatened private water wells, and surface water was at risk from contamination with carcinogenic and noncarcinogenic PAHs, oil and grease, salts, and phenols. Soils at the site were also heavily contaminated prior to removal and treatment.
Cleanup
Burlington Northern signed an administrative order on consent with the U.S. EPA and the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA) in 1985. Prior to that time, wastewater and liquid creosote had been removed from a lagoon and transported to a wastewater treatment plant and additional creosote was reused by an on-site plant. The remedy selected by EPA included on-site treatment and capping of remaining contaminated soils and sludges, and a groundwater gradient control system to address contaminated groundwater by using groundwater pump-out wells.
Visibly contaminated soils and sludges were excavated from the site and placed in the on-site treatment area. After a pilot study was completed, Burlington Northern operated the soil treatment area from 1987 to 1994. After treatment, about 14,000 cubic yards of contaminated soil were placed in a lined cell onsite which was closed in 1995. The containment cell currently operates under a Resource Conservation and Recovery Act permit issued by MPCA.
The groundwater pumpout system was constructed in 1985 and pumped contaminated groundwater from three wells to a storm sewer. A pilot groundwater aeration (air injection) system was added in 1992 to augment the pumpout system. Additional air injection wells were placed in operation in 1995 to aerate the width of the contaminant plume while pumping continued. From 2001 to 2008, various combinations of pumping and air injection were used to control groundwater. Since 2008, an expanded air injection system has been used alone to control and treat contaminants in groundwater.
The Superfund program conducts periodic Five-Year Reviews to evaluate whether the remedy remains protective. The latest Five Year Review, completed in December 2011, documented that the remedy as currently operating is protective in the short-term and that the groundwater plume which exceeds drinking water standards has decreased significantly in size. However, the 2011 review also raised issues should be addressed to ensure long-term protection related to soil, groundwater, and the containment unit. EPA has been reviewing how the issues are best to be addressed at the site.
See also
List of Superfund sites in Minnesota
Burlington Northern Railroad
References
Geography of Crow Wing County, Minnesota
Superfund sites in Minnesota
Cuthbert and the Nightwalkers are a seven-piece pop band from Sydney. They have released two albums and were winners of a Triple J Unearthed competition.
Discography
"Love Needs Us" (2007)
"Mr Pickwick's Camera" (2009)
Awards and nominations
J Award
The J Awards are an annual series of Australian music awards that were established by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's youth-focused radio station Triple J. They commenced in 2005.
|-
| J Awards of 2007
|themselves
| Unearthed Artist of the Year
|
References
External links
New South Wales musical groups
Borrelia turicatae is a bacterial species of the spirochaete class of the genus Borrelia. It is one of the relapsing fever spirochaetes, which are globally distributed yet understudied agents of tick-borne relapsing fever. The tick vector Ornithodoros turicata transmits B. turicatae, which causes relapsing fever, an arthropod-borne infection of humans and other mammals caused by different Borrelia species. B. turicatae is long and spiral-shaped, as is typical for all spirochaetes. It is a Gram-negative bacterium and visible with light microscopy. Few epidemiological studies have been performed and few molecular data exist for B. turicatae and its arthropod vector O. turicata.
Distribution
Borellia turicatae is predominant in the Southwestern United States. Endemic foci for B. turicatae occur in Texas and Florida, where clinical isolates have been obtained from sick dogs, suggesting a role for wild canids in the maintenance of the spirochaetes in nature. O. turicata has also been reported to be distributed in Mexico and Central and South America, yet given the absence of Latin American isolates for B. turicatae, the identification of endemic foci is unclear.
Host species
Currently, the only known isolates of B. turicatae originate from argasid soft ticks and sick dogs, although the mammalian hosts for most species of relapsing fever spirochaetes include rodents and insectivores. The epidemiological evidence for B. turicatae causing human infections is strong.
History
Borellia turicatae was first described by Émile Brumpt in 1933 and later described by Edward Arthur Steinhaus in his book Insect Microbiology, published in 1946. Its vector O. turicata was first described by Eugenio Dugès in 1876.
Relapsing fever
Symptoms
Along with fever, patients may experience an incredible range of nonspecific symptoms. The clinical features of relapsing fever may include recurring febrile episodes, chills, nausea, headache, muscle and joint aches, vomiting, lethargy, thrombocytopenia, spirochetemia, anemia, facial paralysis, neutrophilia, lymphopenia, anorexia, dry cough, light sensitivity, rash, neck pain, eye pain, confusion, dizziness, eosinopenia, myocarditis, dermatitis, brain infection, lymphoid hyperplasia, and pregnancy complications. The neurological complications of Borrelia infections are referred to as neuroborreliosis, and the most common manifestations of neuroborreliosis in relapsing fever include meningitis, facial nerve palsy, radiculitis, and encephalopathy. The severity of the disease depends on the infecting serotype. The incubation period typically lasts 7 days, while the symptomatic periods tend to last 3 days, and the afebrile periods tend to last 7 days. Each febrile episode ends with a sequence of symptoms collectively known as a "crisis". During the "chill phase" of the crisis, which lasts 10 to 30 minutes, patients develop very high fever (up to 106.7 °F or 41.5 °C) and may become delirious, agitated, tachycardic, and tachypneic. This phase is followed by the "flush phase", characterized by drenching sweats and a rapid decrease in body temperature and transient hypotension. Generally, patients who are not treated will experience one to four episodes of fever before illness resolves. TBRF contracted during pregnancy can cause spontaneous abortion, premature birth, and neonatal death. The maternal-fetal transmission of Borrelia is believed to occur either transplacentally or while traversing the birth canal. In general, pregnant women have higher spirochaete loads and more severe symptoms than nonpregnant women.
Diagnosis
The definitive diagnosis of TBRF is based on the observation of Borrelia spirochaetes in smears of peripheral blood, bone marrow, or cerebrospinal fluid in a symptomatic person. B. turicatae is best seen by dark-field microscopy, but the organisms can also be detected using acridine orange or Wright's stain. The organisms are best detected in blood obtained while a person is febrile. With subsequent febrile episodes, the number of circulating spirochaetes decreases, making detecting spirochetes on a peripheral blood smear more difficult. Even during the initial episode, spirochaetes can only be seen 70% of the time.
Especially in resource-poor areas, people continue to be afflicted by undiagnosed febrile illnesses, which pose a significant health burden. However, the ecology, pathogenesis, and distribution of B. turicatae remains understudied, and regions of endemicity not previously known to exist continue to be identified. Because relapsing fever has such nonspecific clinical manifestations, the disease is likely underreported, thus improved diagnostic tools for relapsing fever spirochaetes are needed to better identify the endemic foci and to ensure proper treatment.
A limitation in defining the distribution of B. turicatae has been the absence of diagnostic antigens specific for the species. A spirochaete antigen designated the Borrelia immunogenic protein A (BipA) has been identified in B. turicatae. As antibody responses generated against recombinant BipA appear to be unique to infections caused by B. turicatae, these immune responses generated against BipA suggest that it may be a species-specific antigen that could be used to identify additional vertebrate hosts, define endemic foci for B. turicatae, and increase the awareness of the disease to improve healthcare.
Prevention
To prevent infection of B. turicatae, an individual should avoid tick exposure. To prevent tick bites, use insect repellent containing DEET on skin or clothing or permethrin on clothing or equipment. Wear clothing that fully covers arms and legs when outdoors. Avoid sleeping in caves in the Southwestern US, where the tick vector O. turicata can be found. Use tweezers to remove a tick by its mouthparts from skin, not by its body. Identification of the tick species may assist in diagnosis, so removed ticks should be kept.
Treatment
Treatment for relapsing fever can include various antibiotics. TBRF spirochaetes are susceptible to penicillin and other β-Lactam antibiotics, as well as tetracyclines, macrolides, and possibly fluoroquinolones. Although the CDC has not yet developed specific treatment guidelines for TBRF, experts generally recommend tetracycline 500 mg every 6 hours for 10 days as the preferred oral regimen for adults. If tetracyclines are contraindicated, erythromycin, 500 mg (or 12.5 mg/kg) every 6 hours for 10 days is an effective alternative. For patients with central nervous system involvement, parenteral therapy with ceftriaxone 2 g/day for 10–14 days is preferred. All patients treated with antibiotics should be observed during the first 4 hours of treatment for a Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction, which is a worsening of symptoms characterized by rigors, hypotension, and high fever. The reaction occurs in over 50% of cases and may be difficult to distinguish from a febrile crisis. Given appropriate treatment, most patients recover within a few days.
Genetics
The outcome, including disease severity and tissue tropism, of RF can vary significantly depending on the infecting serotype due to a difference in variable major proteins (VMPs), which include variable small proteins (Vsps) and variable large proteins. B. turicatae has two antigenically distinct isogenic serotypes, Bt1 and Bt2, which differ only in their expressed Vsps, thus in their degree of virulence and tropism, or the location of the infection. Infection with serotype 1 can cause severe vestibular dysfunction and increased morbidity and mortality. Coinfection with serotype 2 reduces the severity of vestibular dysfunction and prevents early mortality. Infection with serotype 2 causes severe arthritis, but coinfection with serotype 1 has little effect on this. This shows that the combination of serotype present during mixed infection significantly influences the manifestations of infection with B. turicatae. Bt2 (20-kDa Vsp2) causes higher spirochetemia and neonatal mortality, as well as severe arthritis, while Bt1 (23-kDa Vsp1) is more neurotropic. Bt1 localizes to the brain in five- to 10-fold higher numbers than Bt2, while Bt2 features five- to 10-fold higher pathogen load in the blood, joints, heart, and skin than Bt1. Additionally, Bt2 causes more severe systemic disease than Bt1, including conjunctivitis, ruffled skin, tibiotarsal arthritis, reduced spontaneous activity, and neonatal mortality. As significant differences exist in the ability of the individual serotypes to enter the brain, and the only difference between the serotypes is their VMPs, expressing certain VMPs (such as Vsp1) may facilitate brain invasion. Additionally, RF borreliae tend to persist in the brain after they disappear from the blood, a phenomenon referred to as residual brain infection.
The ability to mount a specific antibody response is the main determinant of susceptibility to RF. The target of antibody-mediated clearance is the major outer membrane lipoproteins, which are highly variable in sequence and define the serotype. In the RF spirochaete B. turicatae (Bt), these proteins occur in two sizes, variable small proteins (Vsp) around 22 kDa and variable large proteins (Vlp) around 37 kDa. Relapsing fever spirochaetes have a unique process of DNA rearrangement that allows them to periodically change the expression of the VMPs in their outer membrane, which results in the generation of multiple serotypes. This process, called antigenic variation, allows the spirochaete to evade the host's immune response and cause relapsing episodes of fever and other symptoms. Antibodies in the blood that bind to and clear spirochaetes expressing the old VMP do not recognize spirochaetes expressing the new VMP. This results in the characteristic pattern of febrile relapses and remissions.
The vector
The vector, Ornithodoros turicata, is an extremely fast feeder among ticks, requiring a 5- to 60-minute blood meal, and is not likely to be collected from the host, making it difficult to track transmission. O. turicata can be found in caves and ground squirrel or prairie dog burrows in the Plains regions of the Southwest. The ticks emerge at night and feed on the rodent or other mammal as it sleeps. The bites are painless, and most people are unaware they have been bitten. The ticks become infected by feeding on infected wild rodents. Once infected, the ticks remain infected for the rest of their lives, which can be up to 10 years. Individual ticks take many blood meals during each stage of their lifecycle. Although soft ticks prefer to feed on rodents, they may seek out humans if rodents are scarce.
References
turicatae
Bacteria described in 1946
The fire-tufted barbet (Psilopogon pyrolophus) is a species of bird in the Asian barbet family Megalaimidae. It is native to Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra, where it inhabits tropical moist lowland and montane forests. It has been listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List since 2004.
Its scientific name was proposed by Salomon Müller in 1836, who described a barbet from Sumatra.
Description
The moderately large bird (28 cm), the adult birds are overall green in appearance and have a brownish-maroon nape, grey lores, white band on the forehead, throat green, followed by a bright yellow band before a black band, appearing like a necklace separates the belly. The bill is fawn colored with a black vertical band. Tufts of feathers at the base of beak. Upper tufts fiery orange in males.
Distribution and habitat
The fire-tufted barbet inhabits broad-leaved evergreen montane forests between on the Malay Peninsula and Sumatra.
Behaviour and ecology
The fire-tufted barbet is a resident bird and feeds on figs, other fruits, arthropods and insects. Its call is very similar to that of cicadas.
Threats
The primary threat to this species appears to be illegal capture and trade as a pet.
References
External links
fire-tufted barbet
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
Birds of Malaysia
Birds of Sumatra
Taxa named by Salomon Müller
fire-tufted barbet
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Joshua Bishop (born 30 May 2000) is a Barbadian cricketer. He made his List A debut for the West Indies Under-19s in the 2016–17 Regional Super50 on 25 January 2017. In July 2017, he was named U-19 Cricketer of the Year by the West Indies Players' Association. In August 2019, Cricket West Indies named him as the Under-19 Player of the Year. He made his Twenty20 debut on 20 September 2019, for the Barbados Tridents, in the 2019 Caribbean Premier League. In October 2019, he was selected to play for Barbados in the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament.
In July 2020, he was named in the Barbados Tridents squad for the 2020 Caribbean Premier League.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Barbadian cricketers
Barbados cricketers
Barbados Royals cricketers
West Indies under-19 cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Hamilton City Council is the governing body of the City of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Since November 21, 1960, Council has met at Hamilton City Hall at 71 Main Street West.
The current council consists of the mayor plus fifteen councillors, one elected from each of the city's wards. The incumbent council was elected in a Hamilton municipal election on October 22, 2018.
Council members
Hamilton City Councils Post Amalgamation (2000–present)
Hamilton City Councils Post Board of Control (1980–2000)
Hamilton City Councils and Boards of Control (1910–1980)
References
External links
Hamilton, Ontario City Council
Citizens at City Hall watchdog group
Municipal councils in Ontario
Municipal government of Hamilton, Ontario
SEK Agiou Athanasiou is a Cypriot football club based in Ayios Athanasios, Limassol. Founded in 1956, was playing sometimes in Second and sometimes in the Third and Fourth Division.
Honours
Cypriot Third Division:
Champions (2): 2002, 2005
Cypriot Fourth Division:
Champions (1): 1997–98
References
Football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1948
1948 establishments in Cyprus
Welcome Home, Loser is the second full-length album by British group The Broken Family Band. It was released in 2005 by the Track & Field Organisation.
Track listing
Happy Days Are Here Again – 2:54
Living in Sin – 3:10
O Princess – 3:15
Where the Hell Is My Baby? – 3:43
Yer Little Bedroom – 5:19
John Belushi (Adams, Williams) – 4:18
Cocktail Lounge – 3:10
Honest Man's Blues – 2:08
We Already Said Goodbye – 3:43
A Place You Deserve (Adams) – 3:32
Roman Johnson One (Johnson, Roman) – 0:36
The Last Song – 3:43
Wherever You Go – 3:12
Coping with Fear (Adams, Williams) – 6:00
All songs written by Adams/Broken Family Band, except where noted
Credits
Steven Adams – guitar, vocals
Gavin Johnson – bass guitar
Micky Roman – drums
Jay Williams – guitar
Timothy Victor – banjo, vocals
Owen, Stacy and Andrew
2005 albums
The Broken Family Band albums
Robert Bamford (16 June 1883 – 16 April 1942) was an English engineer, who with Lionel Martin (1878–1945), founded a company in January 1913 that became Aston Martin. Before his career in the car industry he was active as a racing cyclist.
Early life
He was born on 16 June 1883 at Lamarsh in Essex to the Rev. Robert Bamford (1854–1898) and Blanch Edith Bamford (née Porter) (1856-1936).
The Rev. Robert Bamford served as curate of Thornbury, Gloucestershire (1880-1881), curate of St John's, Ladywood, Birmingham (1881-1882), curate of Lamarsh, Essex (1882-1885), curate of Holy Trinity, Lambeth (1885-1886). In about 1892, he resigned his curacy due to ill health and settled in Sherborne, Dorset, living at Lynton House (now Abbot's Litten) in Long Street, Sherborne. From 1895 to 1898 he served as secretary to the Yeatman Hospital, Sherborne, and died at Sherborne on 9 November 1898, aged 44, and was buried in Sherborne Cemetery. After the Rev. Bamford's death Blanch married the Rev. Thomas Myers and lived at 89, Bloomfield Avenue, Bath, later at Milking Close, Ditchling, East Sussex, where she died and was buried.
He had two brothers, Edward Bamford DSO VC (1887-1928) and Arthur Bamford (1889-1915), and a sister Rachel Bamford (1885-1974).
Edward Bamford DSO VC (1887–1928), who was educated at Sherborne Preparatory School, and Sherborne School as a day boy 1900–1902. In 1905 he joined the Royal Marine Light Infantry and served in HMS Bulwark, HMS Magnificent, HMS Britannia, HMS Chester, HMS Royal Sovereign, and HMS Highflyer. During the First World War as Brevet Major on HMS Royal Sovereign. He was mentioned in despatches and awarded the DSO, Order of St Anne (3rd Class, Russian), the Légion d'Honneur, and the Victoria Cross ‘For conspicuous gallantry at Zeebrugge. April 1918. This officer landed on the Mole from “Vindictive” with Nos. 5, 7 & 8 platoons of the Marine Storming Force in the face of great difficulties. When on the Mole under heavy fire, he displayed the greatest initiative in the command of his company, and by his total disregard of danger, showed a magnificent example to his men. He first established a strong point on the right of the disembarkation, and when that was safe, led an assault on a battery to the left with the utmost coolness and valour. Captain Bamford was selected by the officers of the R.M.A & R.M.L.I. detachments to receive the Victoria Cross under Rule 13 of the Royal Warrant, dated 26 January 1856.'. He died at Shanghai in 1928. On 17 April 2018, Haringey Council unveiled a paving stone in memory of Edward Bamford VC at 151 Park Road, London N8 8JD.
Rachel Bamford (1885-1974). In 1911, Rachel was a student at the Colonial Training College at Stoke Prior, Bromsgrove, Worcestershire. During the First World War she served in the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps (WAAC).
Arthur Bamford (1889-1915), was educated at Sherborne School as a day boy 1903–1905. He went to Australia in 1910–1912, and in 1913 was employed as a professional musician. During the First World War he served as a Private in the Grenadier Guards. He was killed near Loos on 11 October 1915 and is commemorated at St Mary's A.D.S. Cemetery, Haisnes, IX.D.13, and on the Sherborne School War Memorial
Robert Bamford attended Sherborne School as a day boy from May 1897 to April 1900. During the First World War he served for one year as private in The London Regiment, 25th (County of London) Cyclist Battalion, and then as a lieutenant with the Army Service Corps (RASC), Mechanical Transport.
Bamford, historically, is a Lancashire surname.
Career
Aston Martin
Bamford & Martin Ltd was founded at 16 Henniker Place in West Kensington (off Fulham Road – the A308) on 15 January 1913. They produced their first Aston-Martin car, the Coal Scuttle, in March 1915. Robert Bamford was the engineer of the partnership.
In 1920 he retired from Bamford & Martin; Lionel Martin left in 1926. In the mid-1920s the company would undergo many changes of ownership. It would be largely through the ownership of David Brown Ltd. of Huddersfield that Aston-Martin would become the company renowned during the 1950s, who bought Aston-Martin for £20,500 (£,000 current value) in 1947.
He was inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame in 2013.
Personal life
In 1911 he was living at 41 Twickenham Road in Teddington. He became engaged to fashion designer Muriel Matilda Etches (born 1898) in May 1918, the eldest daughter of C.T.W. Etches. They were married in 1919 in Newton Abbot in Devon. They had a daughter, Patricia, born in Brentford in Middlesex in 1921, and she married the illustrator Robin Jacques in 1943.
By 1939, Robert had retired to South Street, Ditchling, East Sussex Sussex, where he died on 16 April 1942, aged 59. He was buried at St Margaret's, Ditching. The inscription on his headstone reads: ‘Motor Engineer Founder of Bamford & Martin later to become Aston Martin. Also his mother Blanche Edith Myers 26 May 1856–5 Mar 1946 [Around the edge] The clocks, folk and pubs of Ditchling will miss him.'
References
External links
Grace's Guide
1883 births
1942 deaths
Aston Martin
British automotive pioneers
British founders of automobile manufacturers
People from Braintree District
People from Ditchling
Royal Army Service Corps officers
British Army personnel of World War I
Codename MAT is a space combat simulator published in 1984 by Micromega for the ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC. It was written by Derek Brewster. The game is similar to Atari, Inc.'s Star Raiders. Both games include the ability to switch between front and aft-facing views and have strategic chart and scan modes. While Star Raiders has the player fighting Zylons, in Codename MAT the enemies are Myons.
Plot
The Solar System is under threat from Myon invaders. MAT ("Mission: Alien Termination") is a teenager implanted with all the combined tactical skills of the planetary leaders. MAT pilots a prototype spacecraft, the USS Centurion, in an attempt to defend the system from the alien's all-out attack.
Gameplay
The game's action takes place in a realtime 3D representation of MAT's view from the ship. The player has access to forward and rear views, which switch automatically if the tracking computer is active. Threats come in the form of Myon Fighters which engage the player immediately, Cruisers which only engage at short range, and Starbases which also attack immediately but withdraw when their shields are damaged.
The player's ship can suffer damage. If the Centurions energy is reduced to zero, it is destroyed and the game ends. The ships instrument, engines and weapons can also be damaged; these can be repaired if the ship docks at a planet.
The strategy element of the game arises through use of the "solar chart" and "sector scan" modes. The Myon progress independently through the Solar System, starting with Pluto and working their way inwards. The sector scan shows a planetary system, displaying the planet, moons, Myon units, defensive units and warpgates. The player may travel between sectors in a planetary system using warpgates and between planetary systems using stargates, in order to contain the Myon's movement through the system. If Codename MAT is being played in "Commander" setting, the player also has control of the Planetary Defense Fleets.
Development
Codename MAT, described as a "mammoth space arcade strategy epic", was developed early in 1984 under the working title of Invasion 2000. Micromega, having never used Brewster's names in the past, were struggling to find a title for it, even calling the game Hank at one point.
Codename MAT was written using Brewster's own polar 3D graphics engine, the code for which is only 200 bytes long.
Reception
CRASH reviewed Codename MAT, rating it at 93% and a "CRASH Smash" award. The reviewers highlighted the fast 3D graphics, damage system (allowing a ship to limp back to a planet for repairs if the engine is stuttering) and balanced combination of strategy and action.
C&VG awarded 8 out of 10, initially finding the control system to be daunting but concluding "...it would probably be the best £5.50 you could spend on your Spectrum".
Both C&VG and Sinclair User compared Codename MAT with Atari's Star Raiders.
Legacy
Codename MAT II, also written by Brewster, was published later in 1984 by Domark for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC. It has a new ship, the Centurion II with two different weapons and a more complex damage system where onboard droids can be assigned repair tasks by the player. The inclusion of ship batteries, directional shields and reactors requires the player to consider energy management in addition to the overall strategy of defending the system from Myon invaders.
Codename MAT II received mixed reviews. CRASH awarded 81%, again highlighting the mix of arcade action and strategy, but criticizing the average graphics and confusing instructions. Sinclair User awarded 3 out of 5, whilst Your Spectrum's average rating was only 6 out of 10, finding that whilst better than the original Codename MAT, it did not compare favourably with Elite or Starion.
References
1984 video games
ZX Spectrum games
Amstrad CPC games
Space combat simulators
Video game clones
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
The Braille pattern dots-1246 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with both top, the middle left, and bottom right dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with both top, the upper-middle left, and lower-middle right dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+282b, and in Braille ASCII with the dollar sign: $.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-1246 is used to represent a voiced dental or alveolar plosive, such as /d/ or /d̪/ when multiple letters correspond to these values, and is otherwise assigned as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-1246 are Braille patterns 12467, 12468, and 124678, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 2358, 12358, 23458, and 123458 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-1246, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 01246, 12467, and 012467 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 2358, 12358, 23458, or 123458
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-1246 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 犬
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + け/犬 = 天
- selector 2 + け/犬 = 太
- selector 3 + け/犬 = 夫
- selector 4 + け/犬 = 夭
- selector 5 + け/犬 = 咢
- selector 6 + け/犬 = 失
- selector 6 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 夸
- け/犬 + selector 4 = 鼬
- け/犬 + selector 5 = 鼡
- け/犬 + selector 6 = 猫
- 比 + け/犬 = 大
- そ/馬 + け/犬 = 美
Compounds of 犬
- な/亻 + け/犬 = 伏
- 心 + な/亻 + け/犬 = 茯
- ね/示 + な/亻 + け/犬 = 袱
- け/犬 + 火 = 然
- 火 + け/犬 = 燃
- て/扌 + け/犬 + 火 = 撚
- へ/⺩ + け/犬 = 状
- み/耳 + け/犬 = 献
- み/耳 + み/耳 + け/犬 = 獻
- う/宀/#3 + け/犬 = 突
- め/目 + け/犬 = 臭
- も/門 + め/目 + け/犬 = 闃
- し/巿 + け/犬 = 黙
- し/巿 + し/巿 + け/犬 = 默
- け/犬 + れ/口 = 器
- け/犬 + け/犬 + れ/口 = 噐
- け/犬 + 龸 = 獣
- け/犬 + け/犬 + 龸 = 獸
- な/亻 + 龸 + け/犬 = 倏
- け/犬 + 宿 + れ/口 = 吠
- れ/口 + 宿 + け/犬 = 哭
- れ/口 + と/戸 + け/犬 = 唳
- て/扌 + と/戸 + け/犬 = 捩
- せ/食 + 宿 + け/犬 = 猷
- い/糹/#2 + と/戸 + け/犬 = 綟
- む/車 + 宿 + け/犬 = 飆
Compounds of 天
- な/亻 + selector 1 + け/犬 = 俣
- 日 + selector 1 + け/犬 = 昊
Compounds of 太
- け/犬 + そ/馬 = 駄
Compounds of 夫
- て/扌 + け/犬 = 扶
- 日 + け/犬 = 替
- 氷/氵 + け/犬 = 潜
- 氷/氵 + 氷/氵 + け/犬 = 潛
- selector 1 + 氷/氵 + け/犬 = 濳
- な/亻 + 日 + け/犬 = 僣
- 仁/亻 + 日 + け/犬 = 僭
- え/訁 + 日 + け/犬 = 譛
- を/貝 + け/犬 = 賛
- を/貝 + を/貝 + け/犬 = 贊
- て/扌 + を/貝 + け/犬 = 攅
- い/糹/#2 + を/貝 + け/犬 = 纉
- え/訁 + を/貝 + け/犬 = 讃
- か/金 + を/貝 + け/犬 = 鑚
- け/犬 + 宿 = 規
- 心 + け/犬 + 宿 = 槻
- け/犬 + ぬ/力 = 券
- け/犬 + け/犬 + ぬ/力 = 劵
- き/木 + け/犬 + ぬ/力 = 椦
- け/犬 + さ/阝 = 巻
- け/犬 + け/犬 + さ/阝 = 卷
- な/亻 + け/犬 + さ/阝 = 倦
- る/忄 + け/犬 + さ/阝 = 惓
- て/扌 + け/犬 + さ/阝 = 捲
- い/糹/#2 + け/犬 + さ/阝 = 綣
- む/車 + け/犬 + さ/阝 = 蜷
- け/犬 + て/扌 = 拳
- け/犬 + ほ/方 = 奉
- な/亻 + け/犬 + ほ/方 = 俸
- て/扌 + け/犬 + ほ/方 = 捧
- け/犬 + け/犬 = 奏
- に/氵 + け/犬 + け/犬 = 湊
- む/車 + け/犬 + け/犬 = 輳
- け/犬 + 日 = 春
- る/忄 + け/犬 + 日 = 惷
- 心 + け/犬 + 日 = 椿
- せ/食 + け/犬 + 日 = 鰆
- け/犬 + に/氵 = 泰
- ら/月 + け/犬 + に/氵 = 滕
- け/犬 + の/禾 = 秦
- 心 + け/犬 + の/禾 = 榛
- ゆ/彳 + け/犬 + の/禾 = 臻
- く/艹 + け/犬 + の/禾 = 蓁
- た/⽥ + selector 3 + け/犬 = 畉
- 心 + selector 3 + け/犬 = 芙
- み/耳 + selector 3 + け/犬 = 趺
- む/車 + selector 3 + け/犬 = 輦
- す/発 + selector 3 + け/犬 = 麸
- ら/月 + け/犬 + ゐ/幺 = 縢
- め/目 + 宿 + け/犬 = 眷
- け/犬 + selector 6 + ぬ/力 = 舂
- け/犬 + 宿 + そ/馬 = 豢
- す/発 + 宿 + け/犬 = 麩
Compounds of 夭
- け/犬 + る/忄 = 忝
- れ/口 + け/犬 = 咲
- ら/月 + け/犬 = 朕
- ち/竹 + け/犬 = 笑
- ひ/辶 + け/犬 = 送
- か/金 + ひ/辶 + け/犬 = 鎹
- も/門 + け/犬 = 関
- も/門 + も/門 + け/犬 = 關
- け/犬 + 囗 = 呑
- り/分 + け/犬 = 兼
- よ/广 + け/犬 = 廉
- に/氵 + よ/广 + け/犬 = 濂
- ち/竹 + よ/广 + け/犬 = 簾
- ゑ/訁 + け/犬 = 謙
- け/犬 + ふ/女 = 嫌
- る/忄 + り/分 + け/犬 = 慊
- ん/止 + り/分 + け/犬 = 歉
- 心 + り/分 + け/犬 = 蒹
- を/貝 + り/分 + け/犬 = 賺
- ふ/女 + 宿 + け/犬 = 妖
- ほ/方 + 宿 + け/犬 = 殀
- に/氵 + 宿 + け/犬 = 沃
- せ/食 + 龸 + け/犬 = 飫
Compounds of 咢
- せ/食 + け/犬 = 鰐
- る/忄 + 宿 + け/犬 = 愕
- け/犬 + ん/止 + の/禾 = 齶
- く/艹 + 宿 + け/犬 = 萼
- く/艹 + 龸 + け/犬 = 蕚
- え/訁 + 宿 + け/犬 = 諤
- さ/阝 + 宿 + け/犬 = 鄂
- か/金 + 宿 + け/犬 = 鍔
- け/犬 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鶚
Compounds of 失 and 夸
- の/禾 + け/犬 = 秩
- え/訁 + け/犬 = 誇
- は/辶 + け/犬 = 迭
- か/金 + け/犬 = 鉄
- か/金 + か/金 + け/犬 = 鐵
- な/亻 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 佚
- し/巿 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 帙
- み/耳 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 跌
- む/車 + selector 6 + け/犬 = 軼
Compounds of 鼬 and 鼡
- け/犬 + ろ/十 = 猟
- け/犬 + け/犬 + ろ/十 = 獵
- け/犬 + け/犬 + selector 5 = 鼠
- う/宀/#3 + け/犬 + selector 5 = 竄
- と/戸 + け/犬 + selector 5 = 鬣
Compounds of 猫 and ⺨
- た/⽥ + け/犬 = 猥
- け/犬 + は/辶 = 犯
- け/犬 + へ/⺩ = 狂
- え/訁 + け/犬 + へ/⺩ = 誑
- け/犬 + こ/子 = 狐
- け/犬 + も/門 = 狗
- け/犬 + う/宀/#3 = 狙
- け/犬 + す/発 = 狢
- け/犬 + し/巿 = 狩
- け/犬 + む/車 = 独
- け/犬 + け/犬 + む/車 = 獨
- け/犬 + な/亻 = 狭
- け/犬 + け/犬 + な/亻 = 狹
- け/犬 + や/疒 = 狼
- け/犬 + ⺼ = 猛
- け/犬 + り/分 = 猪
- に/氵 + け/犬 + り/分 = 潴
- け/犬 + せ/食 = 猶
- 心 + け/犬 + せ/食 = 蕕
- け/犬 + え/訁 = 猿
- け/犬 + ゑ/訁 = 獄
- け/犬 + ら/月 = 獅
- け/犬 + く/艹 = 獲
- け/犬 + selector 6 + そ/馬 = 狃
- け/犬 + ろ/十 + selector 4 = 犲
- け/犬 + 宿 + 仁/亻 = 犹
- け/犬 + 宿 + 火 = 狄
- け/犬 + 比 + 宿 = 狆
- け/犬 + 数 + こ/子 = 狎
- け/犬 + 宿 + め/目 = 狒
- け/犬 + 日 + selector 1 = 狛
- け/犬 + selector 3 + や/疒 = 狠
- け/犬 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 狡
- け/犬 + 宿 + ら/月 = 狷
- け/犬 + 比 + り/分 = 狸
- け/犬 + 宿 + を/貝 = 狽
- け/犬 + 宿 + 宿 = 猊
- け/犬 + り/分 + 日 = 猖
- け/犬 + し/巿 + せ/食 = 猜
- け/犬 + お/頁 + ろ/十 = 猝
- け/犬 + 日 + い/糹/#2 = 猩
- け/犬 + 宿 + の/禾 = 猯
- け/犬 + 仁/亻 + や/疒 = 猴
- け/犬 + か/金 + ら/月 = 猾
- け/犬 + 宿 + く/艹 = 獏
- け/犬 + ん/止 + selector 1 = 獗
- け/犬 + り/分 + え/訁 = 獪
- け/犬 + 宿 + て/扌 = 獰
- け/犬 + お/頁 + 数 = 獺
Compounds of 大
- 囗 + け/犬 = 因
- ふ/女 + け/犬 = 姻
- け/犬 + 心 = 恩
- れ/口 + 囗 + け/犬 = 咽
- も/門 + 囗 + け/犬 = 氤
- 火 + 囗 + け/犬 = 烟
- く/艹 + 囗 + け/犬 = 茵
- け/犬 + か/金 = 奇
- つ/土 + け/犬 = 埼
- や/疒 + け/犬 = 崎
- 心 + け/犬 = 椅
- ぬ/力 + け/犬 = 契
- き/木 + ぬ/力 + け/犬 = 楔
- ね/示 + ぬ/力 + け/犬 = 禊
- な/亻 + け/犬 + か/金 = 倚
- ぬ/力 + け/犬 + か/金 = 剞
- て/扌 + け/犬 + か/金 = 掎
- ん/止 + け/犬 + か/金 = 欹
- け/犬 + け/犬 + か/金 = 猗
- た/⽥ + け/犬 + か/金 = 畸
- selector 1 + け/犬 + か/金 = 竒
- い/糹/#2 + け/犬 + か/金 = 綺
- す/発 + け/犬 + か/金 = 羇
- け/犬 + け/犬 + か/金 = 猗
- と/戸 + け/犬 = 戻
- に/氵 + け/犬 = 涙
- け/犬 + お/頁 = 央
- ほ/方 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 殃
- に/氵 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 泱
- の/禾 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 秧
- と/戸 + け/犬 + お/頁 = 鞅
- け/犬 + 仁/亻 = 奈
- て/扌 + け/犬 + 仁/亻 = 捺
- け/犬 + と/戸 = 奔
- く/艹 + け/犬 + と/戸 = 莽
- む/車 + け/犬 + と/戸 = 蠎
- け/犬 + い/糹/#2 = 奪
- け/犬 + た/⽥ = 奮
- き/木 + け/犬 = 権
- き/木 + き/木 + け/犬 = 權
- け/犬 + ね/示 = 勧
- け/犬 + け/犬 + ね/示 = 勸
- け/犬 + ん/止 = 歓
- け/犬 + け/犬 + ん/止 = 歡
- け/犬 + め/目 = 観
- 心 + け/犬 + め/目 = 欟
- け/犬 + け/犬 + め/目 = 觀
- え/訁 + 比 + け/犬 = 奕
- せ/食 + 比 + け/犬 = 奠
- そ/馬 + 比 + け/犬 = 尖
- ぬ/力 + 宿 + け/犬 = 刳
- け/犬 + も/門 + selector 2 = 匏
- け/犬 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 夲
- け/犬 + 宿 + つ/土 = 奎
- け/犬 + 宿 + と/戸 = 套
- け/犬 + へ/⺩ + つ/土 = 奘
- け/犬 + と/戸 + 日 = 奢
- け/犬 + も/門 + selector 3 = 奩
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + け/犬 = 嵜
- る/忄 + 龸 + け/犬 = 懽
- き/木 + 龸 + け/犬 = 桍
- け/犬 + き/木 + き/木 = 樊
- 氷/氵 + 宿 + け/犬 = 潅
- 氷/氵 + 龸 + け/犬 = 灌
- け/犬 + 心 + つ/土 = 瓠
- け/犬 + 宿 + た/⽥ = 畚
- ま/石 + 宿 + け/犬 = 碕
- ⺼ + 宿 + け/犬 = 胯
- ね/示 + 宿 + け/犬 = 袴
- え/訁 + 龸 + け/犬 = 讙
- み/耳 + 宿 + け/犬 = 跨
- か/金 + 龸 + け/犬 = 鑵
- お/頁 + 宿 + け/犬 = 顴
- そ/馬 + 宿 + け/犬 = 驩
- け/犬 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鸛
Other compounds
- 仁/亻 + け/犬 = 傑
- ゆ/彳 + け/犬 = 径
- ゆ/彳 + ゆ/彳 + け/犬 = 徑
- る/忄 + け/犬 = 怪
- い/糹/#2 + け/犬 = 経
- い/糹/#2 + い/糹/#2 + け/犬 = 經
- く/艹 + け/犬 = 茎
- く/艹 + く/艹 + け/犬 = 莖
- む/車 + け/犬 = 軽
- む/車 + む/車 + け/犬 = 輕
- ⺼ + け/犬 = 脛
- お/頁 + け/犬 = 頚
- ん/止 + け/犬 = 罐
- む/車 + け/犬 + ほ/方 = 蚌
- け/犬 + 宿 + ね/示 = 剄
- け/犬 + 宿 + ぬ/力 = 勁
- け/犬 + 宿 + う/宀/#3 = 尨
- け/犬 + 宿 + す/発 = 彗
- け/犬 + 宿 + 心 = 慧
- き/木 + 宿 + け/犬 = 桀
- や/疒 + 宿 + け/犬 = 痙
- ⺼ + 囗 + け/犬 = 臙
- け/犬 + う/宀/#3 + り/分 = 豬
- け/犬 + す/発 + れ/口 = 貉
- ひ/辶 + 宿 + け/犬 = 逕
- か/金 + う/宀/#3 + け/犬 = 鐡
- お/頁 + 龸 + け/犬 = 頸
Notes
Braille patterns
Sir William Alexander Denny (born 5 August 1943) is a New Zealand medicinal chemist, noted for his work investigating drugs for the treatment of cancer.
Early life and education
Denny was born in Malvern, Worcestershire, England, on 5 August 1943. His parents were Norah May () and Alexander William Denny. The family emigrated to New Zealand in 1946. He received his education at Patumahoe Primary School and Te Awamutu College where he was dux in 1961. At the University of Auckland, he obtained a Bachelor of Science in 1966, a Master of Science in 1967, a Doctor of Philosophy in 1969, and a Doctor of Science in 1986. He had an ICI (Imperial Chemical Industries) post-doctoral fellowship at Oxford University from 1969 to 1972.
Career
From 1972 to 1979, he was a senior research fellow at the Auckland Cancer Research Laboratory. He was visiting professor at the University of California in San Diego from 1979 to 1981. He then returned to the Cancer Research Laboratory and from 1988, was their director. In 2011 Denny was made a Distinguished Professor at the University of Auckland.
Honours and awards
Denny won a Union for International Cancer Control International Travel Fellowship in 1984. In 1986, he won the ICI New Zealand prize for excellence in research.
Denny was elected a Fellow of the New Zealand Institute of Chemistry in 1981 and a Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand in 1988. In 1995, he was awarded the society's Rutherford Medal, alongside the Auckland Cancer Research Laboratory, for innovation in the development of new anti-cancer drugs.
In the 2003 Queen's Birthday Honours, he was appointed an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to cancer research. He was promoted to Knight Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to medical research, in the 2021 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Denny was inducted into the American Chemical Society Division of Medicinal Chemistry Hall of Fame in 2016.
References
1943 births
Living people
People from Malvern, Worcestershire
New Zealand chemists
New Zealand medical researchers
University of Auckland faculty
Knights Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit
University of Auckland alumni
English emigrants to New Zealand
Fellows of the New Zealand Institute of Chemistry
Fellows of the Royal Society of New Zealand
Recipients of the Rutherford Medal
The Rosselin Glacier () is a glacier flowing southwest from the southern extremity of the Rouen Mountains into Palestrina Glacier in the northern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica. The glacier was first surveyed by the British Antarctic Survey in 1975–76. The feature was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in late 1980 after F. Rosselin, Chief Engineer, FAE, 1908–10, in association with other FAE names in this area.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Coulter Glacier
Gerontius Glacier
Paulus Glacier
Glaciers of Alexander Island
The , or officially Todoroki Athletics Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium located in Todoroki Ryokuchi in Kawasaki, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Kawasaki Frontale. Until the early 2000s it also hosted major clubs in the city, such as Verdy Kawasaki (Tokyo Verdy), Toshiba (Consadole Sapporo) and NKK S.C. The stadium has also played host to multiple IAAF competitions, most recently in 2017, and will play host to the British Olympic Association's Pre-Games Training Camp in the lead up to the 2020 Tokyo Olympic and Paralympic Games.
The stadium holds 26,232 people and was built in 1962. The stadium hosted the 2007 IFAF World Championship Opening Match and Final. The closest train station is Musashi-Nakahara on the Nambu line. There are bus routes to this station and special services on game days.
References
External links
J. League stadium guide
Football venues in Japan
American football venues in Japan
Athletics (track and field) venues in Japan
Sports venues in Kawasaki, Kanagawa
Kawasaki Frontale
Multi-purpose stadiums in Japan
In enzymology, chorismate mutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction for the conversion of chorismate to prephenate in the pathway to the production of phenylalanine and tyrosine, also known as the shikimate pathway.
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, chorismate, and one product, prephenate. Chorismate mutase is found at a branch point in the pathway. The enzyme channels the substrate, chorismate to the biosynthesis of tyrosine and phenylalanine and away from tryptophan. Its role in maintaining the balance of these aromatic amino acids in the cell is vital. This is the single known example of a naturally occurring enzyme catalyzing a pericyclic reaction. Chorismate mutase is only found in fungi, bacteria, and higher plants. Some varieties of this protein may use the morpheein model of allosteric regulation.
Protein family
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases that transfer functional groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is chorismate pyruvatemutase. Chorismate mutase, also known as hydroxyphenylpyruvate synthase, participates in phenylalanine, tyrosine and tryptophan biosynthesis. The structures of chorismate mutases vary in different organisms, but the majority belong to the AroQ family and are characterized by an intertwined homodimer of 3-helical subunits. Most chorismate mutases in this family look similar to that of Escherichia coli. For example, the secondary structure of the chorismate mutase of yeast is very similar to that of E. coli. Chorimate mutase in the AroQ family are more common in nature and are widely distributed among the prokaryotes. For optimal function, they usually have to be accompanied by another enzyme such as prephanate dehydrogenase. These chorismate mutases are typically bifunctional enzymes, meaning they contain two catalytic capacities in the same polypeptide chain. However, the chorismate mutase of eukaryotic organisms are more commonly monofunctional. There are organisms such as Bacillus subtilis whose chorismate mutase have a completely different structure and are monofunctional. These enzymes belong to the AroH family and are characterized by a trimeric α/β barrel topology.
Mechanism of catalysis
The conversion of chorismate to prephenate is the first committed step in the pathway to the production of the aromatic amino acids: tyrosine and phenylalanine. The presence of chorismate mutase increases the rate of the reaction a million-fold. In the absence of enzyme catalysis this mechanism proceeds as a concerted, but asynchronous step and is an exergonic process. The mechanism for this transformation is formally a Claisen rearrangement, supported by the kinetic and isotopic data reported by Knowles, et al
E. coli and Yeast chorismate mutase have a limited sequence homology, but their active sites contain similar residues. The active site of the Yeast chorismate mutase contains Arg16, Arg157, Thr242, Glu246, Glu198, Asn194, and Lys168. The E. coli active site contains the same residues with the exception of these noted exchanges: Asp48 for Asn194, Gln88 for Glu248, and Ser84 for Thr242. In the enzyme active site, interactions between these specific residues and the substrate restrict conformational degrees of freedom, such that the entropy of activation is effectively reduced to zero, and thereby promotes catalysis. As a result, there is no formal intermediate, but rather a pseudo-diaxial chair-like transition state. Evidence for this conformation is provided by an inverse secondary kinetic isotope effect at the carbon directly attached to the hydroxyl group. This seemingly unfavorable arrangement is achieved through a series of electrostatic interactions, which rotate the extended chain of chorismate into the conformation required for this concerted mechanism.
An additional stabilizing factor in this enzyme-substrate complex is hydrogen bonding between the lone pair of the oxygen in the vinyl ether system and hydrogen bond donor residues. Not only does this stabilize the complex, but disruption of resonance within the vinyl ether destabilizes the ground state and reduces the energy barrier for this transformation. An alternative view is that electrostatic stabilization of the polarized transition state is of great importance in this reaction. In the chorismate mutase active site, the transition-state analog is stabilized by 12 electrostatic and hydrogen-bonding interactions. This is shown in mutants of the native enzyme in which Arg90 is replaced with citrulline to demonstrate the importance of hydrogen bonding to stabilize the transition state. Other work using chorismate mutase from Bacillus subtilis showed evidence that when a cation was aptly placed in the active site, the electrostatic interactions between it and the negatively charged transition state promoted catalysis.
Additional studies have been done in order to support the relevance of a near attack conformer (NAC) in the reaction catalyzed by chorismate mutase. This NAC is the reactive conformation of the ground state that is directly converted to the transition state in the enzyme. Using thermodynamic integration (TI) methods, the standard free energies (ΔGN°) for NAC formation were calculated in six different environments. The data obtained suggests that effective catalysis is derived from stabilization of both the NAC and transition state. However, other experimental evidence supports that the NAC effect observed is simply a result of electrostatic transition state stabilization.
Overall, there have been extensive studies on the exact mechanism of this reaction. However, the relative contribution of conformational constraint of the flexible substrate, specific hydrogen bonding to the transition state, and electrostatic interactions to the observed rate enhancement is still under discussion.
Notes
References
EC 5.4.99
Enzymes of known structure
Microschedia is an enigmatic fossil bilaterian known from four specimens from Lower Cambrian Amouslek Formation deposits in Morocco.
Morphology
The fossils are approximately discoid, and covered with a net-like pattern. Fine hair-like projections extend beyond the edge of this almost-flat, firm (but non-mineralized) "shell", which bears no trace of muscle scars.
Affinity
Although there are problems with both brachiopod and cnidarian interpretations, no other animal group provides a good match for these fossils. An affinity with the stem-group brachiopod Mickwitzia is currently considered to be the most likely interpretation for this fossil.
The enigmatic Cambrian and Ordovician animals Heliomedusa, Marocella and Conchopeltis warrant comparison, although again large differences exist between these taxa.
References
Enigmatic prehistoric animal genera
Cambrian invertebrates
Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea is a 2008 best-selling book by Chelsea Handler that was released on April 22, 2008, by Simon Spotlight Entertainment, an imprint of Simon & Schuster. The book is a collection of humorous and mostly autobiographical essays about her life. Handler has stated in an interview with Barnes & Noble that she waited to write a book with such stories with no concrete theme and wrote My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands with the theme of one-night stands to get her enough popularity for this sort of book to do well. The title is satirically modeled after the Judy Blume novel Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret. As of 2008, with the release of Vodka, sales of her first book have since rocketed; the two titles have sold a combined 1.7 million copies, according to Nielsen BookScan and have both topped several bestseller lists.
In 2011, a television pilot for NBC loosely based on the book was announced, starring Laura Prepon as Chelsea. It was eventually picked up as a series for the 2011-12 television season, with its title eventually shortened to Are You There, Chelsea?
Plots
Blacklisted
In order to impress a fifth grade boy and to gain the respect of the girls at her school, Chelsea concocts a tall tale in which she is co-starring in a movie with Goldie Hawn. The lie quickly gets blown out of proportion, and things get even more complicated when Chelsea's father forces her to reveal the truth.
Chelsea in Charge
During her summer vacation on Martha's Vineyard, Chelsea pretends to be older than she is so that parents would allow her to babysit for money. After a few attempts, she gains renown as a babysitter, and the calls come pouring in. One of her calls, however is to look after a fourteen-year-old (even though Chelsea is really only twelve) and his "72-month-old" brother. She accepts, and chaos ensues.
Prison Break
Chelsea gets pulled over after drinking and driving, and is arrested and sent to the Sybil Brand Institute.
Bladder Stones
Chelsea returns home to find her father having urinary issues, conning people via his used car company and Chelsea's books.
Big Red
Chelsea somehow finds herself falling for a red head, even though she doesn't exactly have an affinity for men of that hair color.
Dining in the Dark
Chelsea is asked to go to London for the UK release of her book, and she decides to bring her recently single and unemployed friend along. Her friend makes reservations for the both of them at a restaurant where you dine completely in the dark, and when they arrive, they realize they've gotten more than they bargained for. After an unpleasant experience at the restaurant, they duck out to a nearby pub, where they meet what they assume to be a former rock star.
Dim Sum and Then Some
Chelsea and a friend retreat to a sketchy part of town in hopes of finding a massage place with openings. They come across a small shack operated by an Asian woman, and Chelsea assumes that it's a whorehouse. After a few minutes of a less than satisfactory massage, Chelsea complains, and trouble ensues.
Barking Up the Wrong Tree
Chelsea and her Persian boyfriend get stuck dog sitting for their friends. After they have sex on their friends' bed, her boyfriend lies naked watching TV and one of the friends' dogs comes up and begins licking his penis. Chelsea becomes very uneasy about it. They go to a party later and her Persian boyfriend holds that same dog in his arms the entire time. Later, they go to eat at his parents' home and Chelsea can't get over the fact that his mother is rude and looks like a man. They break up and he is understandably upset calling her spoiled among other things. She later sees him with the same type of dog that licked his penis and a new girlfriend, and alludes to the penis licking incident and leaves happily.
Re-Gift
Chelsea finds herself stuck going to the birthday party of someone she barely knows, and has no choice but to re-gift a used, but hardly played, board game. She also finds herself bartending at the dinner because the restaurant lacks one of her requirements: a full bar.
Jumped
Chelsea decides she needs to lose weight before her birthday and signs up for a private kickboxing class. After losing enough weight to be proud, she decides to treat herself and pigs out on a mountain of junk food from Starbucks. After eating it all at her apartment, and taking out her energy with cleaning, Chelsea falls asleep and wakes up exhausted. Her friend calls and yells at her for not picking her up at the airport and Chelsea leaves to get her. On the way, she nearly drives into a group of fourteen-year-old girls, one of whom calls her a cunt. She gets out to yell at them for calling her this and they attack her.
Mini Me
Chelsea meets a little person who looks and acts a lot like her and they become instant friends. Soon she learns that her friend needs her help.
Costa Rica
Chelsea gets dragged into going on vacation in Costa Rica with her father. The entire time she keeps emailing her brothers and sisters to get them to come and help her.
References
Essay collections
2008 non-fiction books
Books by Chelsea Handler
Eubranchus adarensis is a species of sea slug or nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae. Members of the species are hermaphrodites. The species deposits their eggs on a substratum, where they eventually hatch into a larval stage, ultimately reaching adulthood.
Distribution
This species was described from Cape Adare at the mouth of Robertson Bay, Antarctica in 82–92 m of water.
References
Eubranchidae
Gastropods described in 1934
Eleutherius (died 620) was the exarch of Ravenna from 615 until 619. A eunuch, he succeeded John I as exarch.
Early in his reign, nearly the entire exarchate was unstable. In Ravenna, there was obvious discontent with the Byzantines; in Naples, a certain John of Conza separated the city from the exarch's control. Eleutherius arrived in Ravenna and immediately put to death "all who had been implicated in the death of Exarch John and the judges of the State." Then, after making a courtesy visit to Pope Deusdedit, Eleutherius marched on Naples, and captured that city, killing the rebel John and his supporters. However, soon after the Lombards threatened war. Eleutherius was able to sue for peace, promising a yearly tribute.
Finding the situation in Italy to be unsatisfactory and taking advantage of the Byzantine Emperor Heraclius' preoccupation with the Sassanids, Eleutherius proclaimed himself emperor in 619, with the intent of setting up his capital in Rome. The following year, while on his way to Rome and still deciding how to convince Pope Boniface V to grant him a crown, he was murdered by his soldiers at the fortress of Luceoli, and his head was sent to Heraclius.
References
620 deaths
7th-century exarchs of Ravenna
Byzantine usurpers
Byzantine eunuchs
Assassinated Byzantine people
Year of birth unknown
Pedobarography is the study of pressure fields acting between the plantar surface of the foot and a supporting surface. Used most often for biomechanical analysis of gait and posture, pedobarography is employed in a wide range of applications including sports biomechanics and gait biometrics. The term 'pedobarography' is derived from the Latin: pedes, referring to the foot (as in: pedometer, pedestrian, etc.), and the Greek: baros meaning 'weight' and also 'pressure' (as in: barometer, barograph).
History
The first documented pedobarographic study was published in 1882 and used rubber and ink to record foot pressures. Numerous studies using similar apparatus were conducted in the early- and mid-twentieth century, but it was not until the advent of the personal computer that electronic apparatus were developed and that pedobarography became practical for routine clinical use. It is now used widely to assess and correct a variety of biomechanical and neuropathic disorders.
Hardware
Devices fall into two main categories: (i) floor-based, and (ii) in-shoe. The underlying technology is diverse, ranging from piezoelectric sensor arrays to light refraction,
but the ultimate form of the data generated by all modern technologies is either a 2D image or a 2D image time series of the pressures acting under the plantar surface of the foot. From these data other variables may be calculated (see Data analysis).
There are a few differences between the types of information you will receive from these two systems, so depending on the application one system might be a better fit. For example, a floor-based system will provide spatial temporal information, like stride length that an in-shoe system cannot provide. Platform systems (or floor-based systems) will also allow for testing of patients with walking aids for assistive devices. However, there is some controversy about evaluating natural gait with a platform system due to patients potentially targeting the platform when walking. This is where an in-shoe system provides an advantage as it reduces the risk of targeting. Users should evaluate carefully the differences between the systems, the patients they will be evaluating and the type of data they are interested in when selecting a system.
The spatial and temporal resolutions of the images generated by commercial pedobarographic systems range from approximately 3 to 10 mm and 25 to 500 Hz, respectively. Finer resolution is limited by sensor technology. Such resolutions yield a contact area of approximately 500 sensors (for a typical adult human foot with surface area of approximately 100 cm2). For a stance phase duration of approximately 0.6 seconds during normal walking, approximately 150,000 pressure values, depending on the hardware specifications, are recorded for each step.
Data analysis
To deal with the large volume of data contained in each pedobarographic record, traditional analyses reduce the data to a more manageable size in three stages: (1) produce anatomical or regional masks, (2) extract regional data, and (3) run statistical tests. Results are typically reported in tabular or bar graph formats. There are also a number of alternative analysis techniques derived from digital image processing methodology. These techniques have also been found to be clinically and biomechanically useful, but traditional regional analyses are most common.
The most commonly analyzed pedobarographic variable is 'peak pressure', or the maximum pressure experienced at each sensor (or pixel, if the sensors fall on a regular square grid) over the duration of the step. Other variables like contact duration, pressure-time integral, center of pressure trajectory, for example, are also relevant to the biomechanical function of the foot.
Clinical use
The most widely researched clinical application of pedobarography is diabetic foot ulceration, a condition which can lead to amputation in extreme cases but for which even mild-to-moderate cases are associated with substantial health care expenditure. Pedobarography is also used in a variety of other clinical situations including: post-surgery biomechanical assessment, intra-operative assessment, orthotics design and assessment of drop-foot surgery. In addition to clinical applications, pedobarography continues to be used in the laboratory to understand the mechanisms governing human gait and posture.
The use of pedobarographs in clinical settings is supported by researchers. According to Bowen, et al., "Pediobarograph measurements can be used to monitor and quantitatively assess the progressive changes of foot deformity over time. Pedobarograph is a reliable measurement that shows little variability between measurements at the same occasion and between measurements on different days."
Terminology
Dynamic pedobarography refers to the collection and analysis of time series pedobarographic data during dynamic activities like gait.
Static pedobarography refers to the collection and analysis of time series pedobarographic data during postural (i.e. quasi-static) activities.
References
Podiatry
Walking
Anthropometry
Biomechanics
ZBB is a three-letter abbreviation with multiple meanings, as described below:
Zero Bug Bounce, a measure of software quality assurance
Zero-based budgeting, an alternative to traditional budget planning
Zac Brown Band, a country music band founded out of the heart of Atlanta
Zompist Bulletin Board, a forum for constructed worlds and languages
ZBB may also be:
the IATA code for the Esbjerg Rail Station operated by DSB in Esbjerg, Denmark
part of CZBB, the ICAO code for Boundary Bay Airport in British Columbia, Canada
the call sign of a 2 kW navigation beacon on 396 kHz that was located on South Bimini Island within the nation of The Bahamas.
the postcode of Żebbuġ, Gozo, Malta
"Crush" is a 1987 single by Grace Jones.
Background
The song was the third single from Grace Jones' album Inside Story, chosen for the North America whereas Europe opted for "Victor Should Have Been a Jazz Musician". The single was also released in an extended 12" version, yet to be released on CD, with "White Collar Crime" on the B-side.
Track listing
7" single
A. "Crush" – 3:22
B. "White Collar Crime" – 4:59
12" single
A. "Crush" (extended remix) – 8:09
B1. "Crush" (dub) – 6:21
B2. "White Collar Crime" – 4:59
12" promotional single
A. "Crush" (extended remix) – 8:09
B1. "Crush" (dub) – 6:21
B2. "Crush" (7" version) – 4:59
Chart performance
References
1987 singles
Grace Jones songs
Song recordings produced by Nile Rodgers
Songs written by Bruce Woolley
Songs written by Grace Jones
1986 songs
Manhattan Records singles
Freestyle music songs
Rugby Leonessa 1928 is a former Italian rugby union club based in Brescia, Lombardy.
The team was formed in 2001 after the merger of A.S. Rugby Brescia and Rugby Rovato. Rugby Brescia was founded as XV Legione Leonessa d'Italia in 1928, while Rovato was founded in 1976.
The newly merged team, coached by Mathew Vaea and Frank Bunce, started in Serie A gaining the promotion to Super 10 with a record number of points (111 points) and 19 straight wins. In the 2003–04 season they played in Super 10 (now Top12), but were relegated the following 2004–05 season, under the technical guide of Lynn Howells.
In 2008 the club was disbanded while Rugby Brescia and Rugby Rovato went their separate ways.
Honours
Italian championship
Champions (1): 1974–75 (as Rugby Brescia)
Notable former players
Kris Burton
Massimo Cuttitta
Alberto Di Bernardo
Ignacio Fernández Rouyet
Alberto Di Bernardo
Rima Wakarua
Italian rugby union teams
Brescia
Sport in Lombardy
Leszek Jan Sibilski (born April 1, 1958) is a Polish-American sociologist, track cyclist, and originator of the World Bicycle Day.
Education and professional career
Leszek Sibilski graduated from Education and Sport Science at the Academy of Physical Education in Poznań. In 2000, he earned Ph.D. in Sociology in Social Inclusion and Social Movements from the Jagiellonian University in Kraków, Poland. As a sociologist, he focuses on climate change, the environment, family, public policy, global poverty, youth, and role of women in contemporary society.
In the 1980s, Sibilski worked for Przegląd Sportowy daily and Sportowiec weekly as a reporter and photographer, carrying out interviews, among others, with Lech Wałęsa and Eddy Merckx. He has been also a physical education teacher at schools in Witaszyce and Jarocin. In 1987, Sibilski decided to move from Poland, when during business trip to the United States, he was offered post at the Achilles Track Club, New York City. Between 1989 and 1993, he served as the Director for International Affairs there. He has been also working for the World Bank, and the United Nations. Later, he became professor at the Catholic University of America, Montgomery College, and Marymount University.
Cyclist
From 1971 to 1983, he trained in track cycling. He was national junior champion in sprint as well as on the 500 and 1000 metres distances. He was member of a national team. In 1976, Sibilski was chosen Cyclist of the Year by the Polish Olympic Committee. Though he did not continue his professional career as a senior, he remained active in promoting sport. He became engaged especially in improving the status of athletes with disabilities in developing countries and minority participation in sport. He took part in the 2010 Winter Paralympics torch relay. In 2015, publishing an article titled "Cycling is Everyone's Business", Sibilski started a grassroots campaign to establish a World Bicycle Day. He received the formal support of the Turkmenistan Representation to the United Nations. On April 12, 2018, the resolution establishing June 3 as World Bicycle Day was supported by 193 countries of which 56 were co-sponsors. On 15 March 2022, following similar campaign by Sibilski, UN General Assembly adopted a resolution on integration of mainstream bicycling into public transportation systems for sustainable development.
Sibilski is also engaged in commemoration of the 1978 air crash near Gabare, Bulgaria in which five Polish cyclists died. He was not a member of the team thanks to his commitments at the university.
Sibilski received several awards, e.g. from the Mayors of New York City, Boston, the China Disabled Persons' Federation, president Bill Clinton, Inspiring Jewish Journeys Award for Education (2012), Leo Foley Award for Outstanding Educator at the Catholic University of America (2007), the Trailblazer Award by the World Bicycle Relief. He was a Kosciuszko Foundation and Harvard Kennedy School scholar.
Private life
Sibilski grew up in Jarocin, Poland. He is married to Krystyna and is father to Jakub and Agnieszka. He lives in Washington, D.C. He holds both Polish and American citizenships.
References
1958 births
American sociologists
American sports executives and administrators
Catholic University of America School of Arts and Sciences faculty
Marymount University faculty
Montgomery College faculty
People from Jaworzno
Polish emigrants to the United States
Polish schoolteachers
Polish sociologists
Polish sports journalists
Polish track cyclists
Living people
Pseudocleopatra is a genus of freshwater snails in the family Paludomidae (subfamily Cleopatrinae).
Species
, four extant and seven extinct species are accepted in the genus Pseudocleopatra:
Pseudocleopatra broecki
† Pseudocleopatra carinata
Pseudocleopatra dartevellei
† Pseudocleopatra glaubrechti
† Pseudocleopatra likeae
† Pseudocleopatra musiimei
† Pseudocleopatra rotunda
Pseudocleopatra togoensis
Pseudocleopatra voltana
† Pseudocleopatra wamalai
† Pseudocleopatra wilsoni
References
Further reading
Brown, D. S. (1980). Freshwater snails of Africa and their medical importance. Taylor & Francis, London. 1-487
Paludomidae
Staka may refer to:
Roux#Cretan staka, a Cretan roux dish made from goat milk fat
Andrea Štaka, a Swiss film director
Chip Staka, a fictional character in a children's book Turntable Timmy
Staka Skenderova, a Bosnian Serb teacher, social worker, writer and folklorist
Dystasia niasensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1943.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1943
Mina Hashemi () is an Iranian former footballer who played as a forward. She has been a member of the Iran women's national team.
References
Living people
Iranian women's footballers
Women's association football forwards
Iran women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Unified threat management (UTM) is an approach to information security where a single hardware or software installation provides multiple security functions. This contrasts with the traditional method of having point solutions for each security function. UTM simplifies information-security management by providing a single management and reporting point for the security administrator rather than managing multiple products from different vendors. UTM appliances have been gaining popularity since 2009, partly because the all-in-one approach simplifies installation, configuration and maintenance. Such a setup saves time, money and people when compared to the management of multiple security systems. Instead of having several single-function appliances, all needing individual familiarity, attention and support, network administrators can centrally administer their security defenses from one computer. Some of the prominent UTM brands are Cisco, Fortinet, Sophos, Netgear, FortiGate, Huawei, WiJungle, SonicWall and Check Point. UTMs are now typically called next-generation firewalls.
Features
UTMs at the minimum should have some converged security features like
Network firewall
Intrusion detection service (IDS)
Intrusion prevention service (IPS)
Some of the other features commonly found in UTMs are:
Gateway anti-virus
Application layer (Layer 7) firewall and control
Deep packet inspection
Web proxy and content filtering
Email filtering for spam and phishing attacks
Data loss prevention (DLP)
Security information and event management (SIEM)
Virtual private network (VPN)
Network access control
Network tarpit
Additional security services against Denial of Services (DoS), Distributed Denial of service (DDoS), Zero day, Spyware protection
Disadvantages
Although an UTM offers ease of management from a single device, it also introduces a single point of failure within the IT infrastructure. Additionally, the approach of a UTM may go against one of the basic information assurance / security approaches of defense in depth, as a UTM would replace multiple security products, and compromise at the UTM layer will break the entire defense-in-depth approach.
References
Computer network security
Computer security procedures
The Ford Rotunda was a tourist attraction that was originally located on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, and later was relocated to Dearborn, Michigan. At one point in the mid-20th century, it was the fifth most popular tourist destination in the United States. The futuristic structure received more visits in the 1950s than did the Statue of Liberty. The Rotunda was built for the 1933 World's Fair—“A Century of Progress International Exposition”—in Chicago. After the World's Fair, the Rotunda was dismantled and rebuilt in Dearborn, serving as the visitor center for what was then the equivalent of Ford Motor Company's world headquarters. Albert Kahn, who designed the Rotunda for Ford's exposition at the World's Fair, was also called upon to update the design for its new purpose. Its ultramodern design, elaborate shows, and spectacular Christmas displays contributed to the Rotunda's extreme popularity among tourists during its existence. The Rotunda was destroyed on Friday, November 9, 1962, by a fire.
1933–1934 Chicago World's Fair
The Ford Rotunda (also referred to as the Ford Pavilion, and the Ford Exposition Building) was built by the Ford Motor Company for the Century of Progress International Exposition (the Chicago World's Fair) held in 1933 and 1934 to house installations depicting man's developments in transportation. The Rotunda was situated within of the Lake Michigan shoreline on the South Side of Chicago, where Burnham Park is now. Ford did not participate in the 1933 World's Fair. This building was constructed for the 1934 World's Fair.
Relocating to Dearborn
Late in 1934 it was announced that, following the World's Fair, the Ford Rotunda would be dismantled and shipped to Dearborn, Michigan where it was to act as a visitor center and be reconstructed using more permanent materials. It was constructed on a site across Schaefer Rd. from the original Ford Administration Building and near the later Ford World Headquarters. It was constructed with a steel framework weighing with of Indiana limestone attached to it, matching the administration building. It stood 10 stories high and measured at the base and had a center courtyard with a diameter of . Two additional wings were also added to the permanent location in Dearborn that anchored the center section.
The Rotunda had a completely new look after being reassembled at its new location; the building resembled four gears stacked in decreasing sizes. Inside the Rotunda were murals showing the River Rouge assembly line. On the grounds of the Rotunda was a track were 19 reproductions of what Ford called the Roads of the World, including the Appian Way, the Grand Trunk Road, the Oregon Trail, and Detroit's Woodward Avenue where visitors would be driven in the latest Ford vehicles. The Rotunda was reopened to the public on May 14, 1936 after more than a year of construction. Fred Waring's band played for more than 22,000 visitors at the grand opening. Movie stars, celebrities, business leaders, heads of state, and millions of people came to learn about and celebrate the Ford Motor Company.
It became the fifth most popular tourist destination in the 1950s, after Niagara Falls, the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, the Smithsonian Institution and the Lincoln Memorial. It was more popular than Yellowstone Park, Mount Vernon, the Washington Monument and the Statue of Liberty. During World War II, attendance dwindled due to gas rationing so the Rotunda was closed to the public and served as office space and a school for the Army Air Corps, with barracks set up across Rotunda Drive. The theatre inside the Rotunda was used as a movie hall to entertain soldiers. In 1946, ten young army officers, soon to be known as the Whiz Kids, first met Henry Ford II over lunch at the Rotunda.
In anticipation of re-opening in 1952, the Rotunda underwent extensive remodeling. Seeking to enclose the open center court with a roof, Ford engineers calculated the weight of a conventional steel-framed dome at , which the Rotunda structure could not support. In its first real-world application, inventor R. Buckminster Fuller designed a lightweight geodesic dome weighing , solving the problem, and becoming a tourist attraction in its own right. On June 16, 1953, the rotunda was reopened to the public as a part of Ford's 50th Anniversary celebration and as a highlight included 50 huge birthday candles, mounted and lit along the rim of the rotunda.
Ford utilized the Rotunda's popularity to call attention to new model introductions, and was used as a venue to photograph its automobiles and hold special events. The Rotunda was used for dealer presentations, press events and other business meetings. In the first 12 months of re-opening nearly 1.5 million people visited the Rotunda to see the displays, ride the cars, and tour the Rouge. In 1958 the new Lincoln Continental was introduced to the press under a model of the Eiffel Tower and in 1959 just after Alaska became the 49th state, a display was built featuring mountains, fisherman and a stuffed grizzly bear in the Rotunda. Flower shows and custom car shows were also held in the Rotunda.
One of the brands introduced at the Rotunda was the ill-fated 1958 Edsel, introduced during the late 1950s, a depressed economic period where buyers wanted smaller, more economical cars. This was the start of the American compact car race and the Edsel division was discontinued shortly after the 1960 models and a production run of two years.
In 1953, the annual Christmas Fantasy was held for the first time at the Rotunda and nearly half a million people visited that year. A Christmas tree was displayed. An elaborate Santa's workshop and a life-size nativity scene that the National Council of Churches called the “largest and finest” in the country, as well as animated characters from children's stories, a per scale 15,000-piece miniature circus with 800 animals, 30 tents, and 435 toy figurines of circus performers and customers. The Christmas Fantasy was held for nine years at the Rotunda and in that time nearly 6 million people visited.
Destruction
On Friday, November 9, 1962, shortly after 1pm, a fire began on the roof of the Rotunda. The fire started as workers were waterproofing the building in preparation for that year's Winter Spectacular. The alarm rang at 1:12pm and, despite efforts of the entire Dearborn fire brigade, the walls of the Rotunda collapsed at 1:55pm. The official report from the Dearborn Fire Department read: "Plastic dome on light aluminum construction over interior court of building collapsed spreading fire to combustible content (Christmas Fantasy display).".
A group of 118 schoolchildren from South Bend, Indiana, had just exited the building and, from the parking lot across the street, witnessed the first flames as they appeared; also present were two truant students from Detroit who were arrested at the scene. Around 60 employees escaped safely, with the only casualty being John Riley, 58, of Dearborn, a building engineer, who suffered a burn on his arm and shoulder and was treated for smoke inhalation.
It was estimated that damages totaled over $15 million (equivalent to nearly $115.5 million in 2013 when adjusted for inflation). Along with the destruction of the Rotunda, the fire consumed each of the 1963 Ford models which were on display, several one-of-a-kind “dream cars,” each valued at $100,000 in 1962, and $250,000 worth of Christmas decorations intended for the Winter Spectacular. The Ford Rotunda also housed the Ford Archives, which survived the blazes intact due to a special carbon dioxide (cardox) fire protection system. These archives – then considered the most complete single collection of its kind – consisted of over 14 million items, including business papers, memorabilia, and over 250,000 photographs. A year later, in December 1963, these archives were donated to the Edison Institute (known today as the Henry Ford Museum).
The site of the Ford Rotunda was left empty until the Michigan Technical Education Center (M-TEC) opened on the site in 2000.
The road in front of the Rotunda's former location retains its name, Rotunda Drive.
Second Ford Rotunda at 1964 New York World's Fair
The building itself was a 900-foot-long building with a 12-story glass rotunda at its center, hence the name. The building also contained 65 towering pylons at one end and a large exhibition hall at the other, requiring enough steel to erect a skyscraper 125 feet square and 22 stories high. Since the emphasis was on the automobile, part of the tour of the Rotunda took place in automatically operated Ford-built convertibles riding on a special roadway. The pavilion featured a number of exhibits designed by Walt Disney.[2] This exhibit was seen by over 12 million visitors.[3]
Rides/exhibits
Magic Skyway: Fair-goers, seated in convertibles, were first taken for a ride through plastic tunnels around the outside of the Rotunda for a sweeping view of the grounds, then onto the exhibit building and the fantasy-land within.[2]
City of Tomorrow: a futuristic city with towering metal spires and the glittering glass of bubble-shaped buildings.[2]
Hall of Science: highlighted Philco-Ford laboratory research projects, like laser light, sound of stars being picked up with a radio, and a display of new materials Ford would use in later cars.[2]
Ford World: a 20-foot-diameter, 12-ton, rotating globe highlighting the Ford Motor Company's operations around the world.[2]
Drama of Transportation: a collection of chronologically-arranged vehicles–from an Egyptian chariot, to horse-drawn carriages, to the latest automobiles of the day.[2]
References
External links
The Ford Rotunda
Century of Progress
Demolished buildings and structures in Michigan
Ford Motor Company facilities
Infrastructure completed in 1933
Star Trek Generations: Beyond the Nexus is a Star Trek video game released for the Nintendo Game Boy and Sega Game Gear in 1994. It was developed and released by Absolute Entertainment, who back in 1993 released "Star Trek: The Next Generation - The Advanced Holodeck Tutorial". The space combat was adapted for the new game and further gameplay modes were added. The new game was developed for the film Star Trek Generations.
Plot
The game loosely followed the plot of the then-recently released Star Trek Generations motion picture. Notable departures included an additional battle against Tholian forces, a Romulan ambush involving both space and ground combat at Amargosa Station, and a different resolution to the capture of Geordi La Forge.
Gameplay
The game combines three different styles of play with minor differences from level to level. Spaceflight is done in a primitive pseudo-3D environment. Players steer their ship from a first-person point of view, moving between markers or using phasers and later photon torpedoes to attack enemy vessels. On-foot levels are played from a top-down perspective and involve either phaser combat or labyrinth-like pathfinding. The remaining levels consist of simple puzzles such as symbol matching.
Differences between platforms
The Game Boy and Game Gear versions of the game are identical, save for their colour palette: while the GB version is limited to monochrome graphics (or a limited palette when played through a Super Game Boy adapter), the Game Gear version features full colour visuals.
Reception
GamePro panned the Game Boy version, saying that the mediocre controls make the opening combat sequence so frustratingly difficult that most players will give up before seeing the bulk of the game. They also criticized the graphics.
References
External links
1994 video games
Absolute Entertainment games
Game Boy games
Game Gear games
Beyond The Nexus
Video games scored by Mark Van Hecke
Video games developed in the United States
Harald Sunde (born 9 March 1954 in Hurdal) is a Norwegian military officer. He has served as the head of the Norwegian Armed Forces from 1 October 2009 through November 2013.
References
1954 births
Living people
People from Hurdal
Norwegian Army generals
Chiefs of Defence (Norway)
Bundeswehr Command and Staff College alumni
Raoul de Warren (born 5 September 1905 in Lyon - d. 5 March 1992 in Paris) was a writer, historian, genealogist and lawyer.
He was the President of the Evidence Commission for the Association d'entraide de la noblesse française (Mutual Aid Association of the French nobility).
Family
Raoul de Warren's father, William de Warren, was a descendant of a Jacobite family that moved to Nancy in 1692, after the deposition of king James II of England.
His mother, Marie Seguin, was the granddaughter of Marc Seguin, a member of the Institut de France, builder of the first steamship in France, inventor of boilers, railroads and suspension bridges.
Raoul de Warren married Marie de Montrichard.
Career
Raoul de Warren obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in history and geography, and became a Doctor of Law, specializing in agricultural issues.
His honors thesis, Ireland and its political institutions (1928) won an award from the Institut de France.
However, the Irish minister in Paris did not consider the thesis of any great value.
His first work of fiction was a short psychological drama published in 1926, while he was studying at Nancy. In 1934 he published a new novel entitled Un jour comme tous les autres (A day like any other) developing the theme of premonition.
Raoul de Warren has been recognized as a leading authority on the French nobility.
He became Secretary General of the Federation of French Heraldry and Genealogy.
The Genealogy Society of Loir-et-Cher was created in 1966 by Raoul de Warren and Michael de Sachy. It is the oldest genealogical society in France, after Paris.
Reception
The Romanian poet and novelist Jean Parvulesco has described de Warren's works of fiction as inspiring and "mediumistic".
A review of his novel L'insolite aventure de Marina Sloty, which involves time travel and romance, describes the novel as "a true success" and "excellent".
Bibliography
Historical works
With Aymon de Lestrange
Fiction
Other
Social insurance and the allowance for elderly employed in agriculture, the agricultural social Publications, 1943.
References
1905 births
1992 deaths
Heraldists
The , also known as the Ashikaga Pretenders or Northern Pretenders, were a set of six pretenders to the throne of Japan during the Nanboku-chō period from 1336 through 1392. The present Imperial House of Japan is descended from the Northern Court emperors.
The Northern dynasty is also referred to as the "senior line" or the ; Jimyō-in was a temple and retirement residence of this line's emperors Go-Fukakusa and Fushimi.
Nanboku-chō overview
The origins of the Northern Court go back to Emperor Go-Saga, who reigned from 1242 through 1246. Go-Saga was succeeded in turn by two of his sons, Emperor Go-Fukakusa and Emperor Kameyama. On his death bed in 1272, Go-Saga insisted that his sons adopt a plan in which future emperors from the two fraternal lines would ascend the throne in alternating succession. This plan proved to be unworkable, resulting in rival factions and rival claimants to the throne.
In 1333, when the Southern Emperor Go-Daigo staged the Kenmu Restoration and revolted against the Hōjō Kamakura shogunate, the newly minted shōgun Ashikaga Takauji (ironically, by Emperor Go-Daigo himself) responded by declaring Emperor Kōgon, Go-Daigo's second cousin once removed and the son of an earlier emperor, Emperor Go-Fushimi of the Jimyōin-tō, as the new emperor. After the destruction of the Kamakura shogunate in 1333, Kōgon lost his claim, but his brother, Emperor Kōmyō, and two of his sons were supported by the new Ashikaga shōguns as the rightful claimants to the throne. Kōgon's family thus formed an alternate Imperial Court in Kyoto, which came to be called the Northern Court because its seat was in a location north of its rival. Cloistered Emperor Go-Daigo failed to control succession to the Imperial throne, whereby the Ashikaga shōguns were able to wrestle any remaining power away from position of Emperor. Shōguns ruled Japan until 1867.
Southern Court
The Imperial Court supported by the Ashikaga shoguns was rivaled by the Southern Court of Go-Daigo and his descendants. This came to be called the Southern Court because its seat was in a location south of its rival. Although the precise location of the emperors' seat did change, it was often identified as simply Yoshino. In 1392, Emperor Go-Kameyama of the Southern Court was defeated and abdicated in favor of Kōgon's great-grandson, Emperor Go-Komatsu, thus ending the divide.
The Northern Court was under the power of the Ashikaga shoguns and had little real independence. Partly because of this, since the 19th century, the Emperors of the Southern Imperial Court have been considered the legitimate Emperors of Japan. Moreover, the Southern Court controlled the Japanese imperial regalia. The Northern Court members are not considered legitimate Japanese emperors. They are called "Northern Court Emperors" now.
One Southern Court descendant, Kumazawa Hiromichi, declared himself to be Japan's rightful emperor in the days after the end of the Pacific War. He claimed that Emperor Hirohito was a fraud, arguing that Hirohito's entire line is descended from the Northern Court. Despite this, he was not arrested for lèse majesté, even when donning the Imperial Crest. He could and did produce a koseki detailing his bloodline back to Emperor Go-Daigo in Yoshino, but his claims and rhetoric failed to inspire anything other than sympathy.
Re-unification of Imperial courts
Go-Kameyama reached an agreement with Go-Komatsu to return to the old alternations on a ten-year plan. However, Go-Komatsu broke this promise, not only ruling for 20 years, but being succeeded by his own son, rather than by one from the former Southern Court.
During the Meiji period, an Imperial decree dated March 3, 1911, established that the legitimate reigning monarchs of this period were the direct descendants of Emperor Go-Daigo through Emperor Go-Murakami, whose Southern Court had been established in exile in Yoshino, near Nara.
Northern Court emperors
These are the Hokuchō or Northern Court emperors:
Emperor Kōgon 1331–1333.
–
Emperor Kōmyō 1336–1348.
Emperor Sukō 1348–1351.
–
Emperor Go-Kōgon 1352–1371.
Emperor Go-En'yū 1371–1382.
Emperor Go-Komatsu 1382–1392 (then went on to reign as legitimate emperor 1392–1412)
Southern Court emperors
These are the Nanchō or Southern Court emperors:
Emperor Go-Daigo 1336–1339.
Emperor Go-Murakami 1339–1368.
Emperor Chōkei 1368–1383.
Emperor Go-Kameyama 1383–1392.
Notes
References
Dower, John W. (1999). Embracing Defeat: Japan in the Wake of World War II. New York: W. W. Norton. ;
Mehl, Margaret. (1997). History and the State in Nineteenth-Century Japan. New York: St Martin's Press. ; OCLC 419870136
Nussbaum, Louis Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan Encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ; OCLC 48943301
Ponsonby-Fane, Richard Arthur Brabazon. (1959). The Imperial House of Japan. Kyoto: Ponsonby Memorial Society. OCLC 194887
Thomas, Julia Adeney. (2001). Reconfiguring Modernity: Concepts of Nature in Japanese Political Ideology. Berkeley: University of California Press. ;
Titsingh, Isaac, ed. (1834). Nipon o daï itsi ran; ou, Annales des empereurs du Japon. (écrit par Hayashi Gahō en 1652). Paris: Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland.
Varley, H. Paul, ed. (1980). A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns: Jinnō Shōtōki (écrit par Kitabatake Chikafusa en 1359). New York: Columbia University Press. ; OCLC 311157159
14th century in Japan
Former countries in Japanese history
Japanese nobility
1330s establishments in Japan
1331 establishments in Asia
1336 establishments in Asia
1390s disestablishments in Japan
1392 disestablishments in Asia
Pretenders
Area 12 can refer to:
Brodmann area 12
Area 12 (Nevada National Security Site)
Area 12 (band)
Henry (Henri, Hendrik) Bredemers (Bredeniers) (c. 1472 – May 20, 1522) was a South Netherlandish organist and music teacher. No compositions by him survive, and his historical importance lies chiefly in his activities as a teacher.
The first recorded reference to Bredemers is in a 1488 document which lists him as one of the singers of Cathedral of Our Lady (Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekathedraal), Antwerp. In 1491–1492 he served as organist of Saint James' Church (Sint-Jacobskerk) of the same city, and in 1493 he occupied a similar position at the Confraternity of Our Lady at Our Lady's church. Bredemers must have attained a considerable reputation in the following years: by 1501 he was distinguished enough to enter the chapel of Philip the Handsome as organist.
The chapel, known then as Grande chapelle, was the main musical establishment of the Burgundian-Habsburg court, and one of the most important court chapels of the Renaissance: it had a long and illustrious history associated with composers of the Burgundian School, particularly Guillaume Dufay. And at the time Bredemers joined it, members of the chapel included important composers such as Pierre de la Rue and Alexander Agricola. He was charged with performance duties as well as organisation of the chapel. Bredemers and other musicians of the chapel travelled with the court on multiple occasions: there were two voyages to Spain (in 1501–1503 and 1505–1506) and one to Heidelberg (in 1503). On the latter occasion Bredemers must have met Arnolt Schlick, court organist to the Electoral Palatinate.
When Philip died in 1506 at Burgos, Spain, it was Bredemers who arranged for the transport of the chapel's liturgical and music books to Antwerp. Philip's eldest son, Charles, was too young to succeed his father, and so Margaret of Austria was appointed regent. At her court in Mechelen, Bredemers was chosen in 1507 as music teacher of Philip's children (Charles and his sisters Eleanor, Mary and Isabella) and organist of Charles' domestic chapel. He was also to instruct court entertainers and choirboys, as well as purchase and maintain instruments. Bredemers taught Charles and his sisters clavichord daily, as well as other instruments.
Bredemers' influence was spread far by Philip's children. Isabella's lessons came to an end in 1514 when she married Christian II of Denmark, and Eleanor left in 1518, after marrying Manuel I of Portugal (and after Manuel died, she married Francis I). Before leaving, both sisters asked Bredemers to buy them clavichords to take with them; Eleanor was known as a particularly fine performer. Bredemers retired to Lier in 1518, but continued assisting at Margaret's private chapel, and accompanied Charles during his visit to England in 1520–1521. He probably attended Charles' coronation in 1520. In May 1521 Bredemers was made provost at St Aubin's Cathedral, Namur. However, he resigned this position after only a year, in April 1522. He died the following month.
No compositions by Bredemers are known, although two were mentioned by Fétis in his Biographie universelle in the second half of the 19th century. Bredemers' importance lies in the influence he must have exerted over European keyboard music during his voyages to Spain, England and Germany, as well as through his pupils.
Notes
References
Brauchli, Bernard. 1998. The Clavichord, Cambridge University Press, ,
Keyl, Stephen Mark. 1989. Arnolt Schlick and Instrumental Music circa 1500. Diss. Duke University.
1470s births
1522 deaths
Dutch organists
Male organists
The Quantum Cloud is a contemporary sculpture, designed by Antony Gormley, located next to The O2 in London. The sculpture was commissioned for the site and was completed in 1999.
At high, it is Gormley's tallest sculpture to date (taller than the Angel of the North). It is constructed from a collection of tetrahedral units made from long sections of steel. The steel sections were arranged using a computer model with a random walk algorithm starting from points on the surface of an enlarged figure based on Gormley's body that forms a residual outline at the centre of the sculpture.
In designing Quantum Cloud, Antony Gormley was influenced by Basil Hiley, quantum physicist (and long-time colleague of David Bohm). The idea for Quantum Cloud came from Hiley's thoughts on pre-space as a mathematical structure underlying space-time and matter, and his comment that “algebra is the relationship of relationships.” The comment was made during a conversation between Gormley, Hiley and writer David Peat at a 1999 London gathering of artists and scientists, organized by Peat.
The sculpture's structural design was by Elliott Wood Partnership while the foundation design was by Beckett Rankine. Fabrication was by Tubeworkers (Structures) Ltd.
Gormley's Quantum Cloud is part of The Line, a series of art works that follow the Greenwich Meridian, through the London Boroughs of Greenwich, Tower Hamlets and Newham.
See also
List of public art in Greenwich
References
External links
Design study from LUSAS software including finite element analysis of the sculptures structure and site construction photographs.
Project description and photographs by Elliott Wood Partnership, the structural engineering firm that assisted with the design and construction of the structure.
Interview with Antony Gormley
Outdoor sculptures in London
1999 sculptures
Sculptures by Antony Gormley
Buildings and structures in the Royal Borough of Greenwich
Tourist attractions in the Royal Borough of Greenwich
Steel sculptures in the United Kingdom
Colossal statues in the United Kingdom
Zumaglia Castle () is a medieval castle located at the top of on the borders of the communes of Zumaglia and Ronco Biellese in the Province of Biella.
History
The castle was built in 1291 on the site of a previous construction. It was reinforced around 1329 by order of the bishop of Vercelli Lombardo della Torre. It was destroyed in an attack by Henry II of France in 1556, and rebuilt in 1937 by count Vittorio Buratti. The surrounding areas of Brich di Zumaglia and Mont Prève were established in 1995.
Area
The building is accessible on foot from 2 cobbled paths and a dirt road that go up either side from the Ronco Biellese sports center, or from the area separating Brich di Zumaglia from Mont Prevè. The , a 234 km hiking trail, also passes through the area.
The castle, which has been managed since June 2013 by a.r.s. Teatrando (a theater company), is used for events, exhibitions, receptions, music and cultural activities, including a touring theater festival by the company itself each summer.
See also
List of castles in Italy
References
Castles in Piedmont
Buildings and structures in the Province of Biella
The following is a list of Hamilton Academical F.C. players who have played a first team league game for Hamilton Academical.
Current players
Former players
Notes
Sources
Soccerbase
Hamilton Academical Memory Bank
Players
Hamilton Academical
Association football player non-biographical articles
Players
Colin Munro MacLeod (January 28, 1909 – February 11, 1972) was a Canadian-American geneticist. He was one of a trio of scientists who discovered that deoxyribonucleic acid, or DNA is responsible for the transformation of the physical characteristics of bacteria, which subsequently led to its identification as the molecule responsible for heredity.
Biography
MacLeod was born in Port Hastings, Nova Scotia, Canada, one of eight children of a schoolteacher and a Scottish Presbyterian minister. He entered McGill University at the age of 16 after skipping three grades in primary school, and completed his medical studies by age 23.
In his early years as a research scientist, MacLeod, with Oswald Avery and Maclyn McCarty, demonstrated DNA is the molecule responsible for bacterial transformation — and in retrospect, the physical basis of the gene. In 1941, Avery and MacLeod separated a crude extract from smooth ('S') strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae, the most common cause of bacterial pneumonia. The S strain extract could convert the more benign rough ('R') strains of pneumococci into the disease-causing S form. Later that year, McCarty joined the Avery laboratory, and in 1942, the group began to focus on DNA as the elusive ingredient in the S strain extract as the factor responsible for transformation of R pneumococci into S pneumococci. By early 1943, Avery, MacLeod, and McCarty had shown that DNA was the transforming factor, and in February 1944, published the first of a series of scientific papers in the Journal of Experimental Medicine demonstrating that DNA was the transforming principle. Subsequent experiments confirmed DNA as a universal bearer of genetic information. However, despite the enormous scientific importance of this work, which became known as the Avery–MacLeod–McCarty experiment, the trio did not win a Nobel Prize for their discovery.
MacLeod was diverted from research on Streptococcus pneumoniae and DNA to health and science issues related to the Second World War. At the time, microbial diseases such as typhus fever, malaria, and pneumonia posed significant threats to the health of U.S. military personnel. During the war, MacLeod was one of many university-based scientists and physicians who advised the federal government on medical matters "when asked." In 1941, he was appointed Chairman of the Department of Microbiology at New York University School of Medicine, and worked as a consultant to the U.S. Secretary of War. He became an official member of the Army Epidemiological Board, which in 1949 was enlarged to include all the armed forces and renamed the Armed Forces Epidemiological Board. MacLeod became president of the board in 1947, a position he held until 1955. The organization of the AFEB into twelve disease-related commissions foreshadowed the organization of the US-Japan Cooperative Medical Science Program into its disease-related panels.
At the end of World War II, Congress gave the National Institutes of Health authority to make external research awards, thereby creating its extramural programs, which nowadays constitutes almost 90 percent of its funding. The NIH took over the funding of various research projects that had begun during the war, and MacLeod, from 1946 to 1949, served as a member of the first NIH study section, the Antibiotics Study Section. With his background in the newly renamed Department of Defense, MacLeod grew into the role of informal advisor to several NIH directors and served on various grant committees, commissions, and task forces. Thus, MacLeod had entered the third phase of his highly successful career—the first two being a laboratory research scientist and academic department head—with multiple forays into the realm of science policy and international health.
MacLeod was elected to membership in the National Academy of Sciences in 1955. In 1956, he gave up his position as head of microbiology at NYU, spent several years at the University of Pennsylvania, and then returned in 1960 to NYU as a professor of medicine. The same year, NIH Director James Shannon asked MacLeod to work with the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization to find ways to address the problem of cholera. Other scientists on the project were Joseph Smadel of the NIH, and Theodore Woodward and Fred L. Soper. (Woodward served as a U.S. delegation member from 1965 to 1995, and is now emeritus member.) MacLeod, Smadel, Woodward, Soper, and the other scientific advisors to SEATO recommended the establishment of a laboratory in Dacca, East Pakistan (now Dhaka, Bangladesh), that could conduct field research on cholera. Soper became the first director of the facility, initially called the Cholera Research Laboratory, and later renamed the International Centre for Diarrhoeal Disease Research, Bangladesh (ICDDR,B). Several years later, the newly formed USJCMSP Cholera Panels coordinated their cholera research and treatment activities with the Cholera Research Laboratory.
In 1961, MacLeod became the chairman of the Life Sciences Panel of President John F. Kennedy's Science Advisory Committee. In 1963, Kennedy appointed MacLeod as Deputy Director of the Office of Science and Technology, Executive Office of the President (now the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy). MacLeod was the first person to hold the position of deputy director of OST and remained there until 1966, serving as an advisor to President Lyndon B. Johnson after Kennedy's assassination. It has not been possible to find documents that confirm who conceived of a collaborative medical research enterprise between the United States and Japan. However, the idea is often attributed to MacLeod, who became chairman of the first U.S. delegation to the USJCMSP in 1965.
MacLeod was an elected member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the American Philosophical Society. He was named President of the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation in 1970. He remained in that position until his death in 1972.
References
This article is based on a public domain US government source ()
External links
National Academy of Sciences Biographical Memoir
1909 births
1972 deaths
American geneticists
Canadian emigrants to the United States
McGill University Faculty of Medicine alumni
New York University faculty
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Pajtás was a steam-powered passenger ship manufactured in 1918, by Schlick-Nicholson shipyard in Budapest. It was designed to carry passengers on the Danube, and its first name was "2nd boat." In 1945, during World War II she ran into an underwater mine in Budapest, and sank. After the end of the war, it was raised, and turned back to service.
Later it was commissioned to Lake Balaton with a lot of modifications (e.g. expanding capacity from 150 to 200), but without any official stability test or approval. At that time, she was given the name Pajtás (Hungarian for "mate").
Disaster
On 30 May 1954 a lot of people were celebrating children's day. Pajtás was starting from Balatonfüred to Siófok with 178 passengers. Shortly after departure, the ship tilted to port then starboard. The captain tried to restore stability but the third tilt (again to port) was deadly, and the ship capsized. The steam was emergency released by the boiler room operator, which cost him his life but prevented more casualties by explosion of the boiler.
The exact number of casualties is still a matter of discussion. The official report by communist newspapers counted 12 people. The list made by survivors on the 45th anniversary of the sinking counted 23 names. One witness said, he counted 43 bodies after the accident.
After the accident, the ship was raised, turned into a motorship, and got the name Siófok. In 1957, she sailed back to the Danube, and she was given the name Dömsöd. The ship was finally withdrawn from service in 1987. Now she's laid up in the bay of Pilismarót.
References
1918 ships
Maritime incidents in 1954
Lake Balaton
Passenger ships
Taylor Media is an Australian film and television production company founded in 1991 by Sue Taylor. The company has produced children's dramas (Minty, Southern Cross, Time Trackers), mini-series (The Shark Net), documentaries (Courting With Justice), feature films (Last Train to Freo, Looking for Grace, The Tree and Three Summers.)
Founder
Sue Taylor has been a filmmaker for over twenty five years, She established her own company, Taylor Media in Australia in 2001. A graduate in Anthropology from London University, she began her career as a journalist in the UK before moving to Perth, Australia and into television production in the early 1980s.
Documentary
Sue Taylor later produced a book documenting the recollections from childhood to old age of Ethel May Elvin who was born in 1906 in a poor working-class family and lived to the start of the 21st century.
References
External links
Official site
Taylor Media at the Internet Movie Database
See also
List of film production companies
List of television production companies
Film production companies of Australia
Dr. Charles Alexander Warfield (1751–1813) was a prominent American in the Howard District of Anne Arundel County Maryland. He was president of the board of regents of the Maryland Agriculture College from 1812 to 1813.
Early life
Warfield was born in Anne Arundel County, Maryland on December 3, 1751, and was the son of Azel Warfield and Sarah A Griffith
He attended the University of Philadelphia without graduation. He was a leader of the Whig Club at the beginning of the American Revolution. His members wore hats inscribed "Liberty and Independence, or the Death in pursuit of it". On October 19, 1774, was one of the leaders that burned the Peggy Stewart in retaliation to sanctions on Americans following the Boston Tea Party. A painting of the incident resides in the State House at Annapolis and the Court House at Baltimore. In 1776 Warfield became the First Major of the Elk Ridge Battalion and began manufacturing saltpetre. In 1777 he became a judge of the Anne Arundel County court.
In 1803, he granted the 510-acre Paternal Gift Farm, Maryland to his son Gustavius Warfield.
"Bushy Park"
Warfield married Elizabeth Ridgley of Laurel in 1771 and settled in a log home at "Bushy Park" in Glenwood, Maryland. The same year he started construction on his slave plantation manor home. The property later was owned by the "Hammond" family of the Major Charles Family line. The manor stood for over 150 years, burning in 1933 and demolished in 1947. A new house was built over the original foundation. In 1978 the property was purchased by the Clevenger family and had been subdivided down to 342 acres, but was still actively farmed. In 1983 it had been subdivided down to a 190-acre parcel named "Bushy Park Farm" and sold again. A portion of the original estate became the Carr's Mill Landfill, which became a site of hazardous waste dumping by Western Electric in the 1970s. Howard County spent millions of dollars to cap the landfill and dispose of hazardous materials after contamination of groundwater on the site. Warfield is buried at Bushy Park. The walled cemetery remains, but the majority of the 1300-acre farm has been redeveloped as the Western Regional Park, operated by Howard County.
References
1751 births
1813 deaths
People from Howard County, Maryland
Charles
Ridgely family
Spacedust were the British production duo of Paul Glancy and Duncan Glasson.
They had a number one hit single in the UK Singles Chart in 1998 with "Gym and Tonic". The track was technically a cover of Bob Sinclar's single "Gym Tonic," although the song only credits Spacedust as the sole writer and producer. A full release of Sinclar's original song was refused by Jane Fonda, who was sampled on the record.
The music video, despite being made in the late 1990s, was made to look cheap even though it cost over £10,000. It regularly features on VH1's "worst videos" lists.
After this number one, they released a further hit "Let's Get Down!", which was based on Chic's "I Want Your Love". Both tracks were released on the East West Records label.
Discography
"Gym and Tonic" - 1998 - UK No. 1
"Let's Get Down!" - 1999 - UK No. 20.
References
English electronic music duos
British record production teams
Record production duos
The 1971 Islington Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Islington London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
Gümüşyaka, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
The 1915 municipal election was held December 13, 1915 to elect a mayor and five aldermen to sit on Edmonton City Council and four trustees to sit on each of the public and separate school boards.
There were ten aldermen on city council, but five of the positions were already filled: Hugh Calder, R N Frith, Joseph Henri Picard, James Ramsey, and Samuel Williamson were all elected to two-year terms in 1914 and were still in office.
There were seven trustees on the public school board, but three of the positions were already filled: Charles Gibbs, J J McKenzie, and William Rea had been elected to two-year terms in 1914. The same was true of the separate board, where A H Esch, Joseph Gariépy, and M J O'Farrell were continuing.
Electoral System
The election of mayor was conducted by First past the post.
The election of aldermen was conducted through Plurality block voting, with each voter having ability to cast as many as six votes, no more than one per candidate.
Voter turnout
There were 7235 ballots cast out of 17990 eligible voters, for a voter turnout of 40.2%.
Results
bold indicates elected
italics indicate incumbent
Data for 1915 is unavailable regarding South Side representatives, instituted after the city of Strathcona, south of the North Saskatchewan River, amalgamated into Edmonton on February 1, 1912.
Mayor
William Thomas Henry was acclaimed for a second term as mayor.
Aldermen
Robert Douglas - 5,488
James Macfie MacDonald - 3,504
Orlando Bush - 3,339
Charles Wilson - 3,300
William Campbell McArthur - 2,933
James Kinney - 2,857
C C Tatham - 2,428
Joseph Clarke - 1,633
Joseph Driscoll - 1,523
Rice Sheppard - 1,379
H H Hull - 1,359
Joseph Adair - 1,146
Adevdat Boileau - 872
Frederick C. Humberstone - 461
Public school trustees
Walter Ramsey - 4180
Samuel Barnes - 3942
Henry Douglas - 3261
J A McPherson - 3200
W A Lewis - 2124
J S Wright - 2010
Avery Smith - 1353
Amy Keane - 601
Marion Seymour - 591
Separate (Catholic) school trustees
Joseph Henri Picard - 444
I. Tremblay - 404
Joseph O'Neill - 389
M. J. Kelly - 359
Referendum
Following the election, city burgesses (property-owners) were asked if they endorsed the city operating the power plant or whether it should go into private hands.
about 7000 voted in favour of privatization, 5000 against.
As by-law did not receive two-thirds support, the city maintained its power plant.
The City created a city-owned corporation, "EPCOR", in 1996.
References
Election History, City of Edmonton: Elections and Census Office
1915
1915 elections in Canada
1915 in Alberta
The North Midlands Vase is an annual rugby union knock-out club competition organized by the North Midlands Rugby Football Union and was first contested during the 2005-06 season when Kings Norton became the first winners when they defeated Oswestry in the final at Stourton Park in Stourbridge. The vase is currently open for clubs ranked in tiers 9-10 of the English rugby union system that fall under the North Midlands RFU umbrella, including sides based in Birmingham and the West Midlands, Herefordshire, Shropshire and Worcestershire, although one club, Dudley Wasps plays in the Midlands Reserve League, and two others, Bredon Star and Ross Wye, are both based in Gloucestershire and play in Gloucester 1 and Gloucester 2 respectively (tiers 9-10). In 2014 the North Midlands RFU introduced a 'Plate' competition for sides eliminated in the early stages of the vase. It is one of three men's club competitions in the region along with the North Midlands Cup (for tier 5-6 sides) and the North Midlands Shield (for tier 7-8 sides).
The current format is as a knock-out cup with a preliminary round, first round, quarter-final, semi-final and final which is held at a neutral venue in May (currently Heathbrook, home of Dudley Kingswinford RFC) along with the cup and shield finals. Due to the disjointed numbers of teams several teams have play in the preliminary round. Teams that lose in either the preliminary or first round stage then contest the plate while winners go on to contest the cup proper.
North Midlands Vase winners
Number of wins
Vase
Ross on Wye (4)
Bredon Star (2)
Evesham (2)
Kings Norton (2)
Dudley Wasps (1)
Edwardian (1)
Old Yardleians (1)
Plate
Aldridge (1)
Church Streeton (1)
Redditch (1)
Yardley & District (1)
Notes
See also
North Midlands RFU
North Midlands Cup
North Midlands Shield
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
External links
North Midlands RFU
Recurring sporting events established in 1972
Rugby union cup competitions in England
Downs is a surname of Old English origin. Notable people with the surname include:
Anthony Downs (born 1930), American economist
Bertis Downs, IV (born 1956), American e–ntertainment lawyer
Bill Downs (1914–1978), American war correspondent
Charles E. Downs (1898–1967), American politician
Cathy Downs (19241976), American actress
Christopher Downs (born 1974), American boxer
C. H. "Sammy" Downs (1911–1985), American lawyer and politician
Dave Downs (born 1952), American baseball player
David Downs (fl. 1970s), British rugby player
Deidre Downs (born 1980), American physician and winner of Miss America 2005
Devante Downs (born 1995), American football player
Donald Downs (born 1948), American professor
Dorothea Downs (1917–1968), American baseball player
Ephraim Downs (1787–1860), American clockmaker
George W. Downs (physicist) (fl. 1946), American businessman
George Woodrow Downs (1946–2015), American political scientist
Georgina Downs, British journalist
Hollis Downs (born 1946), American politician
Hugh Downs (1921–2020), American broadcaster
Jack Downs (born 1995), English rugby player
James Crawford Downs (born 1940), American lawyer and politician
James U. Downs (born 1941), American jurist
Jason Downs (born 1973), American singer
Johnny Downs (1913–1994), American actor
Joseph Downs (1895–1954), American curator
Lila Downs (born 1968), Mexican-American singer
Matt Downs (born 1984), American baseball player
Nicholas Downs (born 1976), American actor
Sally Ward Lawrence Hunt Armstrong Downs (1827–1896), American socialite
Samara Downs, British ballerina
Scott Downs (born 1976), American baseball player
Solomon W. Downs (1801–1854), American politician
Thomas Nelson Downs (1867–1938), American magician
Wilbur Downs (1913–1991), American naturalist and virologist
See also
Down (surname)
References
English-language surnames
Toros (named after the mountain range in which the village has been founded) or Küçüksorgun, as it is popularly called, is a village in the Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. Its distance to Erdemli is and its distance to Mersin is . It is also connected to north (Ayrancı in Karaman Province) over the mountains by a stabilized road through 300-year-old cedar forests. The village is situated in the Taurus Mountains and iIt is one of the highest locations of Mersin Province. In summers it is used as a summer resort so-called yayla. The settled (winter) population of Toros was 162 as of 2012.
Around Toros, there are ruins dating back to the Roman and Byzantine eras and tombstones from the Ottoman era. The main economic activities of the village are vegetable agriculture and beekeeping. The main crops are tomato, cucumber, beans and cabbage.
References
Villages in Erdemli District
Yaylas in Turkey
Graymoor or Greymoor may refer to:
Graymoor, New York, a hamlet in Philipstown, New York, United States
Graymoor-Devondale, Kentucky, a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States
Greymoor, an expansion pack for the massively multiplayer online role-playing game The Elder Scrolls Online
Greymoor Hill Ring, an Anglo-Saxon runic ring
Society of the Atonement (also Graymoor Friars and Sisters), a Franciscan religious congregation in the Latin Rite branch of the Catholic Church
The term bozo bit has been used in two contexts. Initially a weak copy protection system in the 1980s Apple classic macOS, the term "flipping the bozo bit" was later reused to describe a decision to ignore a person's input. It is a whimsical term, possibly derived from the classic children's comedy character, Bozo the Clown.
Weak copy protection
In early versions of Apple's classic macOS, the "bozo bit" was one of the flags in the Finder Information Record (also called the "no copy" flag in some documentation), which described various file attributes. When the bit was set, the file could not be copied. It was called the bozo bit because it was copy protection so weak that only a bozo would think of it, and only a bozo would be deterred by it. After Mac System 4, introduced in early 1987, the Finder ignored this bit.
The cassette and ROM filing systems and the Advanced Disc Filing System of Acorn MOS feature a rudimentary copy protection mechanism where a file with a certain flag set cannot be loaded except to execute it.
The Compact Disc has a similar "no copy" bit in the subcode, but nearly all disc-copying software ignores it, and usually removes it on copies. Consumer-grade dedicated hardware audio disc copiers usually honor the bozo bit, and will refuse to copy a disc with the bit set. Professional disc copiers ignore the bozo bit and will copy a protected disc.
Dismissing a person as not worth listening to
In his 1995 book Dynamics of Software Development, which presented a series of rules about the political and interpersonal forces that drive software development, Jim McCarthy applied the bozo bit notion to the realm of human interaction. The technical issues facing programmers were sufficiently daunting that just getting code written was commonly considered good enough; McCarthy and other authors (Lister & DeMarco, Constantine, McConnell) were just breaking the news that social issues trump technical ones on almost every project.
McCarthy's Rule #4 is "Don't Flip The Bozo Bit". McCarthy's advice was that everyone has something to contribute it's easy and tempting, when someone ticks a person off or is mistaken (or both), to simply disregard all their input in the future by setting the "bozo flag" to TRUE for that person. But by taking that lazy way out, the person poisons team interactions and cannot avail themselves of help from the "bozo" ever again.
See also
Bozo the Clown
Evil bit
References
External links
Setting the Bozo Bit as an Antipattern
Apple Inc. software
Classic macOS
Proprietary software
Computing culture
Copy protection
Anti-patterns
Technology neologisms
Michel Le Clerc (1622, Albi – 8 December 1691) was a French lawyer and dramatist.
Biography
After studying under the Jesuits, he established himself in Paris, where he became a lawyer to the parliament of Paris. Like his co-student Claude Boyer, he wrote tragedies and "pièces des circonstance"; he produced his Virginie romaine in 1645, the same year as Boyer produced his Porcie romaine. He was elected to the Académie française in 1662. His Iphigénie (written with Jacques de Coras) was put on in 1674, the same year as the Iphigénie by Jean Racine.
Le Clerc is best known for his translation of Jerusalem Delivered by Torquato Tasso, but his work was attacked by Nicolas Boileau and suffered from a generally unfavourable reputation. Jean Chapelain wrote of him "He wrote reasonably in French prose and not without wit. In prose, he is well above the mediocre, whether in original creation, or in translation".
Works
La Virginie romaine, tragédie (1645)
La Hiérusalem délivrée, poëme héroïque traduit en vers français (1667)
Iphigénie en Aulide, tragédie (1674)
Orontée, tragédie en musique ornée d'entrées de ballet, de machines et de changemens de théâtre représentée dans le chasteau de Chantilly devant Monseigneur le Dauphin par l'Académie royale de musique (1688)
External links
Académie française
Productions of his works on CÉSAR
People from Albi
1622 births
1691 deaths
Translators to French
Members of the Académie Française
17th-century French lawyers
17th-century French dramatists and playwrights
17th-century French male writers
17th-century French translators
The , is an archaeological site with the ruins of a late Hakuhō period Buddhist temple located in the Shimomisu neighborhood of the city of Tanabe, Wakayama, Japan. The temple no longer exists, but the temple grounds were designated as a National Historic Site in 1935, with the area under protection expanded in 1985.
Overview
The Misuji temple ruins are the southernmost known temple ruins in the Kansai region and are believed to have been the official temple for ancient Muro County. The site is located at the southern foot of Mt. Kinugasa on the right bank of the Hidariaizu River in the southern part of Wakayama Prefecture. During the Hakuhō period, this area was the boundary between the “Kinai culture” of the Yamato Basin and the “Kumano culture” of the southern Kii Peninsula.
The general layout of the temple appears to have been patterned after Hōryū-ji in Ikaruga, Nara, with the Main Hall in the east and a Pagoda in the west, with the monk's quarters located to the north. Historical records of this temple are very scant. The first archaeological excavation was conducted in 1930, with subsequent excavations conducted in 1969, and from 1978 to 1982.
Only the site of the pagoda is covered under the National Historic Site designation. This consists of triangular-shaped sandstone blocks, approximately 1.9 meters on each side, with a concave seat in the center which once supported the central column of the pagoda. There are three steps of natural stones in the center of the front on the south side, which presumably led to the entrance, and from the size of the core foundation, it is estimated that the pagoda was a three-story structure. A large quantity of roof tile shards, including circular eaves tiles and flat tiles have been found in the vicinity. These tiles date variously to the Hakuho, Nara and Heian periods.
The foundation of the Main Hall is uncertain, but the foundations of the monk's quarters have been located 30 meters northeast of the pagoda foundation. This building measured 15 meters east-to-west by nine meters north-to-south.
In addition, the remnants of a moat with a width of about 1.4 meters and depth of 0.45 meters has been found on the western edge of the site.
The ruins are open to the public as an archaeological park and are located about ten minutes by car from Kii-Tanabe Station on the JR West Kisei Main Line.
See also
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Wakayama)
References
External links
Buddhist temples in Wakayama Prefecture
Tanabe, Wakayama
Kii Province
Asuka period
Historic Sites of Japan
Buddhist archaeological sites in Japan
This is a list of the 100 most populous counties in the United States based on the national decennial US census conducted on April 1, 2020 and vintage Census population estimates for July 1, 2021.
Many of the counties on the list include major cities or metropolitan areas in all parts of the United States. Six of the listed counties have consolidated city and county government, namely the City and County of Honolulu, Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, Tennessee, City and County of Philadelphia, City and County of San Francisco, City of Jacksonville and Duval County and City and County of Denver. New York County, Bronx County, Kings County, Queens County and Richmond County are coterminous with the respective boroughs of New York City; they fall under the jurisdiction of the combined city government. Independent cities are not counted.
Many of the most populous counties in the following list are in Southern California, Illinois, Texas and New York and roughly correspond to the most populous cities in the United States. Counties in the Western United States are typically larger, so they often have higher raw populations even with comparable population densities.
List
This list lists the most populous US counties sorted according to both the 2020 official enumeration and 2021 vintage population estimates by the United States Census Bureau (USCB).
Gallery
References
Populous
Counties Most Populous
Counties
"Coming of Age" is the nineteenth episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation. It first aired in broadcast syndication on March 14, 1988. Sandy Fries originally wrote the episode, but Hannah Louise Shearer performed an uncredited re-write. It is the only episode of the series directed by Mike Vejar, who went on to direct episodes of Deep Space Nine, Voyager and Enterprise.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the Starfleet crew of the Federation starship Enterprise-D. In the episode, Wesley Crusher (Wil Wheaton) takes a Starfleet Academy entrance exam while Adm. Gregory Quinn (Ward Costello) and Lt. Cdr. Dexter Remmick (Robert Schenkkan) investigate the senior staff of the Enterprise.
The episode marked the first appearance of a shuttlecraft in the series and the first speaking role for a Vulcan. The events of the episode continued in "Conspiracy" and "Samaritan Snare". 10.1 million viewers watched the episode during the first broadcast, with mixed responses from critics.
Plot
Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) greets his friend Admiral Gregory Quinn (Ward Costello) and his assistant Lt. Commander Dexter Remmick (Robert Schenkkan) aboard the Enterprise. For classified reasons, Quinn has ordered Remmick to perform an investigation of the Enterprise and its crew and expects Picard to fully co-operate. Remmick's inquiry causes tension in the crew, particularly when he questions the trustworthiness of the senior staff based on their personal logs and past actions. A young cadet, having failed the Starfleet Academy entrance examination, attempts to run away in a shuttlecraft but ends up drifting. Picard is able to direct the cadet to pilot the shuttle away from a planet by bouncing off the atmosphere.
The investigation is completed, and Remmick informs both Picard and Quinn that there is no sign of wrongdoing, and expresses his interest in joining its crew in the future. Quinn tells Picard that he feels there is an unknown force that has infiltrated Starfleet, and he was seeking to assure himself of his trust in Picard and the Enterprise crew. To help combat this threat, Quinn offers Picard a promotion to Admiral and a job overseeing Starfleet Academy which would place Picard near Quinn at all times. Picard mulls the offer for some time, but eventually declines.
Meanwhile, Wesley Crusher (Wil Wheaton) prepares to take the Academy entrance exam himself. He succeeds in passing several parts of the exam, and helps Mordock (John Putch), a highly talented Benzite and fellow competitor, to solve a difficult test problem so that they may both advance. Wesley is worried about the psychological part of the exam, and he is directed to a room to wait for the test to start.
While waiting, he hears an explosion nearby, and leaves the room to investigate. He finds two men trapped by fallen components in a fire-engulfed room. Wesley helps to release one man wounded under a heavy pipe, and tries to coax the other man to leave the burning room, but the man is frozen with fear. Wesley is forced to abandon him and drags the other man to safety. Outside the room, he discovers the explosion was fake and this was the psychological test: to see whether he could make a difficult decision in circumstances reminiscent of those that killed his father. (Rescuing either man would pass the test.)
Eventually, the cadets are told of the results, and Mordock is granted admission into Starfleet Academy, while Wesley is encouraged to try again next year. Mordock thanks Wesley for his help and wishes him future success. After Wesley returns to the Enterprise, Picard confides in him that he also failed the examination the first time.
Production
Although Mike Vejar directed only this single episode of The Next Generation, he later directed several episodes of Deep Space Nine, Voyager and Enterprise. Hannah Louise Shearer conducted an uncredited script re-write and left the details of the conspiracy deliberately open as plans were already underway for a follow-up story. "Coming of Age" featured several firsts for The Next Generation, including the first appearance of a shuttlecraft in the series and the first appearance of a Vulcan in a speaking role within the series.
Only a quarter of the shuttlecraft set was built for "Coming of Age" with the set expanded gradually according to the scene requirements in season two. Due to construction errors with the full-scale model, it failed to match the miniature. A smaller shuttlepod with a new shuttle design was later used, first appearing in "Darmok". Several previous episodes are referenced during Remmick's investigation, including "Where No One Has Gone Before", "The Battle", "Angel One" and "Justice". In a scene cut from the episode, the crew celebrate Wesley's 16th birthday early on the presumption that he would be away on the day, due to joining the Academy.
Guest stars included Robert Schenkkan as Remmick, who had been a fan of The Original Series. Robert Ito had previously been a main cast member on Quincy, M.E.. Guest stars Daniel Riordan and John Putch later appeared in the franchise in different roles. Riordan appeared as a Bajoran in the Deep Space Nine episode "Progress". Putch returned as a different Benzite later in The Next Generation episode "A Matter of Honor" and in the film Star Trek Generations. The events of the episode are followed up in "Conspiracy" which also features the return of Costello and Schenkkan as Quinn and Remmick. Wesley would re-take his Starfleet Academy exam in "Samaritan Snare".
Reception
The episode first aired on March 14, 1988. It received Nielsen ratings of 10.1 million on the first broadcast, which was an increase of over a million viewers from the previous episode "Home Soil", which was watched by 9 million viewers some three weeks prior. The following week's episode, "Heart of Glory", was watched by 10.7 million viewers.
Several reviewers re-watched the episode after the end of the series. Writing for Tor.com, Keith DeCandido questioned why the shuttlebay wasn't guarded, comparing it to a similar situation in The Original Series episode, "The Doomsday Machine". He also felt that the sequence where the shuttle is bounced off an atmosphere resembled the "Premiere" episode of Farscape. DeCandido said that the exam made no sense, did not present any genuine suspense for the viewer because it was obvious that Wesley and Picard were not due to leave the series. Despite Remmick representing "the ultimate cliché of the jackass interrogator", DeCandido liked the episode. He credited the strong performance by the cast and called Wheaton's performance the best of the first season. DeCandido gave the episode a score of five out of ten. Zack Handlen of The A.V. Club, thought the episode was like "getting a two-parter with no 'To Be Continued...' in the end credits" and felt the episode was "clunky". He felt that the Wesley storyline was clichéd, and that having two unconnected storylines would never have happened in The Original Series. Handlen gave the episode a grade of C.
James Hunt of Den of Geek said that it was a "very good episode" despite being "Wesley-heavy". He recommended that readers watch the episode and described the Remmick interviews and the shuttlecraft sequence as "fantastic". Michelle Erica Green, writing for TrekNation, described the episode as "craptastic" and Wesley as "intolerable". She said that knowing about the "insane" alien parasite conspiracy in "Conspiracy" ahead of time made her look negatively on the episode.
Home media release
"Coming of Age" was first released on VHS cassette in the United States and Canada on November 11, 1992. The episode was included on the Star Trek: The Next Generation season one DVD box set, released in March 2002. The season one Blu-ray set was released on July 24, 2012.
Notes
Footnotes
References
External links
Star Trek: The Next Generation (season 1) episodes
1988 American television episodes
The Salem Cadets were from Salem, Massachusetts that served in the Union Army between May 26 and October 11, 1862, during the American Civil War. The unit consisted of 123 enlisted men under the command of Major John L. Marks, and six other officers. Their only duty was to serve at Fort Warren, Boston Harbor. They lost one soldier to disease and was mustered out on October 11, 1862.
References
Bibliography
Adjutant-General (1868). Massachusetts Volunteers. Wright & Potter State Printers, Boston, Massachusetts.
Osborn, Francis Augustus (2004). Civil War Regiments From Massachusetts. eBookOnDisk.com Pensacola, Florida. .
Units and formations of the Union Army from Massachusetts
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1862
1862 establishments in Massachusetts
John Davies was an English professional footballer who played for Portsmouth, Scunthorpe United and Walsall.
Honours
with Walsall
Football League Fourth Division champion: 1959–60
References
English footballers
Association football wingers
Portsmouth F.C. players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
English Football League players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Agnes Dawson (7 March 1873 – 20 April 1953) was a British politician and trade unionist.
Life
Dawson was born in Peckham, she became a pupil-teacher in Camberwell before qualifying as a teacher at Saffron Walden Training College. She campaigned for women's suffrage, joining the National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies, and taking part in a boycott of the 1911 UK census.
In 1913, Dawson became a headteacher. She was also heavily involved in the National Union of Women Teachers; a founder member, she was its vice-president in 1918, and its president in 1919/20, leading campaigns for equal pay and for married women to be allowed to teach.
Dawson was also active in the Labour Party. She stood unsuccessfully in the 1922 London County Council election in Westminster Abbey, but won Camberwell North in 1925, and quit teaching to become a full-time politician. She was re-elected in 1928 and 1931, becoming senior whip of the Labour group on the council in 1929, then vice-chair in 1931. In 1932, she was a deputy chair of the council.
In 1934, Dawson was again re-elected to the council, for the first time with a Labour majority. She became chair of its Finance and General Purposes Subcommittee. She also persuaded Herbert Morrison to lift the ban on married women teachers in London. In 1937, she stood down from the council, cut her links with the union, and moved to Newport, Essex, with her long-term companion, Anne Munns, who she described as her "pal and partner". Dawson served as a magistrate and stood for the parish council.
Munns died in 1952, and Dawson died the following year.
References
1873 births
1953 deaths
English suffragists
English trade unionists
Labour Party (UK) councillors
Members of London County Council
People from Peckham
English women trade unionists
People from Newport, Essex
Women councillors in England
Ignác Török (23 June 1795 in Gödöllő – 6 October 1849 in Arad) was a honvéd general in the Hungarian Army. He was executed for his part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, and is considered one of the 13 Martyrs of Arad.
Family
He was born to a minor Hungarian noble family with some significant, although not very large, landholdings.
Life
He received his education at the Royal Grammar Catholic University (now University of Budapest Catholic High School). He next enrolled at the military engineering academy in Vienna, and commissioned into the imperial army as a second lieutenant (1816). In 1839 he joined the noble Bodyguards where he taught siege tactics. He taught many notable people, including Artúr Görgei. Before the revolution, he served as a lieutenant first in Lemberg, then served as a lieutenant colonel in Zagreb.
War of Independence
In October 1848 he served at the castle of Komárom, and joined the full army of waiting for the defense. In the winter of 1848-1849 he was fortified in Komárom castle, building the defences. After Windisch-Gratz's success at Komárom, commander Majthényi along with many of the other officers at the castle were forced to resign, causing Ignác transfer to fill the position. The decision was confirmed by the government, and he was appointed General on 28 January. In April 1849 he was replaced by János Lenkey.
In June, he was ordered by the government to raze the defences of the recently liberated Buda to prevent its recapture. The ramparts at Szeged and to the right bank of the Tisza were razed.
Death
After the surrender of the army at Arad, Török was court-martialed before an Austrian military court and sentenced to death by hanging. He defended himself by stating that "I went with my conscience". He was the sixth to be executed, second to be hanged.
In 1932 his remains were found in the Arad crypt.
References
1795 births
1849 deaths
People from Gödöllő
The 13 Martyrs of Arad
Executed Hungarian people
I'm So Blue may refer to:
"I'm So Blue", song by Melanie from Photograph (Melanie album)
I'm So Blue (Michael Jackson song)
"I'm So Blue", song written by Randy Sharp
"I'm So Blue", song by Katie Thompson
Fred Haughey (born 1921) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left back.
Career
Born in Conisbrough, Haughey played for Halifax Town and Bradford City.
For Bradford City he made 3 appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1921 births
Possibly living people
English footballers
Halifax Town A.F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
Marine Transfer Operations are conducted at many ports around the world between tanker ships, barges, and marine terminals. Specifically, once the marine vessel is secure at the dock a loading arm or transfer hose is connected between a valve header on the dock and the manifold header on the vessel. A marine transfer of petroleum products cannot be conducted unless it is supervised by a person-in-charge (PIC) on the vessel who is seafarer in the Merchant Marine and another person-in-charge on the dock.
Person-in-charge
The person-in-charge on the dock is called a Loading master-PIC and the person-in charge on the barge will be the Tankerman-PIC. The person-in-charge on a tanker ship will be the deck officer who monitors the transfer of product in the cargo control room. All persons-in-charge must have special training in order to obtain the proper credentials such as licensing and endorsement on their merchant mariner documents.
Marine surveyor
Loading Masters work closely with the marine surveyor in agreeing to the sequence of the transfer. Such as whether any product sampling will take place prior to commencement, determining if a line displacement will occur, agreeing on whether the final stop at completion will either be a shore stop or a draft stop on the vessel. The marine surveyor gauges the vessel's tanks and shore tanks to ensure the correct amount of product is transferred. Additionally, the surveyor or inspector will obtain product samples on the marine vessel and shore tank for laboratory analysis to ensure that the product meets all specifications of purity.
Regulations
Transfer operations and commencement of a transfer is highly regulated throughout the world with consideration of the environment with potential of water pollution occurring if petroleum product is released into the water during the transfer. Federal, state, and local laws must be observed during marine transfer operations.
Maritime Security (USCG), occupational safety and health regulations must be adhered to in addition to environmental regulations during marine transfer operations. These regulation's are enforced by local state port control organizations such as the United States Coast Guard in the United States.
Marine transfer operators
A marine transfer operation occurs between three main stakeholders which includes the Loading Master-PIC, Vessel Person-In -Charge PIC, and marine surveyor or inspector. These individuals communicate prior to the transfer agreeing on the sequence of events that will occur before, during, and after the transfer. During the course of the transfer the Loading Master is in continuous two way radio contact with the vessel Person-In-Charge and standing by to stop the transfer immediately if any problems develop such as leaks at the transfer hose or loading arm.
See also
Barge
Tanker
Oil tanker
Marine loading arm
External links
Marine Transfer Operations
Barges News
Google Group Marine Transfer Operations
Water transport
Barges
Water pollution
Criticism is the construction of a judgement about the negative qualities of someone or something. Criticism can range from impromptu comments to a written detailed response.<ref name="Cambridge"> | "the act of giving your opinion or judgment about the good or bad qualities of something or someone or the act of saying that something or someone is bad</ref> Criticism falls into several overlapping types including "theoretical, practical, impressionistic, affective, prescriptive, or descriptive".
Criticism may also refer to an expression of disapproval. When criticism of this nature is constructive it can make an individual aware of gaps in their understanding and it can provide distinct routes for improvement. Research supports the notion that using feedback and constructive criticism in the learning process is very influential.
Critique vs criticism In French, German, or Italian, no distinction is drawn between 'critique' and 'criticism'. The two words both translate as critique, Kritik, and critica, respectively. In the English language, philosopher Gianni Vattimo suggests that criticism is used more frequently to denote literary criticism or art criticism while critique refers to more general and profound writing as Kant's Critique of Pure Reason. Another distinction that is sometimes made is that critique is never personalized nor ad hominem and is presented in a way that encourages rebuttal or expansion of the ideas expressed. Nonetheless, the distinctions are subtle and ambiguous at best.
The term "brickbat" is sometimes used to mean "an unfavourable criticism, unkind remark or sharp put-down". The term originated in the 17th century, derived from the practice of throwing bricks as projectiles at a person who was disapproved of.
Criticism in Academia
Critical Studies and Critical Theory programs teach the method of critique, also known as “criticism.” Both theory and studies programs often sample new works in addition to the classical texts. UC Berkeley, CUNY, and Northwestern University offer programs in Critical Theory, while a number of other colleges and universities offer programs or sole courses in Critical Studies, Critical Theory, and sub-disciplines. Sub-disciplines include Critical Race Studies, Critical Asian Studies, Critical Black Studies, and Critical Disability Studies. The term “critical” can be found in course titles concerning a variety of topics, as the term refers to a method or approach to course materials.
Some claim “critical” studies have a particular focus in their perspective or opinion, confusing the method of critique with individual critiques. The recent appearance of “critical” studies and theory further compounds the conflation of particular authors with the new method and discipline. Additionally, the method and disciplines are distinguished from analysis or traditional objectivist or hard sciences by their allowances for subjectivity in the perspective of the author.
See also
Critique
Literary criticism
Art criticism
Film criticism
Theatre criticism
Criticism of religion
Criticism of science
Self-criticism
Social criticism
References
External links
Philosophical methodology
Literary concepts
William Nairn (1767 – 8 June 1853) was an English-born army officer and farmer in the Swan River Colony (now Western Australia).
Born in England, Nairn was commissioned in the 46th (South Devonshire) Regiment of Foot on 12 May 1800, promoted to captain on 29 June 1809 and major on 30 August 1827. In early 1814 he was sent to Hobart Town in charge of a company. In 1818 Nairn sailed with his detachment for India.
After retiring from the army, he eventually settled in the Swan River Colony in 1833.
Nairn was the original grantee of , known as Grass Valley, east of Northam, Western Australia. He later acquired a further on the Canning River.
Nairn's only son, William Edward Nairn became president of the Tasmanian Legislative Council. Nairn died in Fremantle on 8 June 1853, at the age of 86. Nairn Street in Fremantle is named after him.
References
1767 births
1853 deaths
English emigrants to colonial Australia
46th Regiment of Foot officers
Settlers of Western Australia
English army officers
Museum of Human Beings, included in the National American Indian Heritage Month Booklist, November 2012 and 2013 is a novel written by Colin Sargent, which delves into the heart-rending life of Jean-Baptiste Charbonneau, the son of Sacagawea. Sacagawea was the Native American guide, who at 16 led the Lewis and Clark expedition.
Summary
At the turn of the nineteenth century, the young Indian woman Sacagawea leads Lewis and Clark to the Pacific. But what about that tiny infant in the commemorative engraving, perched on Sacagawea's back? He is her son, Jean-Baptiste Charbonneau, the youngest member of the Expedition, a child caught between two worlds who grow into a man haunted by the mother he barely knew and the wilderness she betrayed.
Sacagawea is only sixteen when she leads the Expedition and catches the eye of William Clark who finds her exotically appealing. Afterwards, Clark takes in Sacagawea and her child, and raises Baptiste as a foster son. When the teenage Baptiste attracts the notice of the visiting Duke Paul, Prince of Wurttemberg, Clark approves of the duke's “experiment” to educate the boy at court. A gleeful Duke Paul exhibits Baptiste throughout Europe as a “half gentleman-half animal.” Eventually Jean Baptiste turns his back on the Old World and returns to the New, determined to find his true place there. He travels deep into the heart of the American wilderness, and into the depths of his mother's soul, on an epic quest for identity that brings sacrifice, loss, and the distant promise of redemption.
Reviews
The expedition papoose Charbonneau appears on the front of the Sacagawea gold one-dollar coin (2000 to 2008) and remains in circulation in the United States today.
Calling the story “heart-wrenching,” Smithsonian Institution has recognized the work of fiction with a publication reading at the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C.
Described by publisher McBooks Press of Ithaca, New York, as “haunting,” the novel tracks the young man's descent into deepest, darkest civilization in a search for his place in the world: At the turn of the nineteenth century, the young Indian woman Sacagawea leads Lewis and Clark to the Pacific Ocean. But what about that tiny infant in the commemorative engraving, perched on Sacagawea's back? He is her son, Jean-Baptiste Charbonneau, the youngest member of the Expedition, a child caught between two worlds who grow into a man haunted by the mother he barely knew and the wilderness she betrayed.
Duke Paul of Wurttemberg's journal Erste Reise nach dem nordlichen Amerika in den Jahren 1822-1824, translated by W. Robert Nitske and edited by Savoie Lottinville as Travels in North America, 1822-1824, includes individual entries documenting the botanist nobleman's taking the precocious young Charbonneau, whom Clark had adopted and educated in St Louis, to Germany with him with the promise of further education, departing New Orleans aboard the brig Smyrna in January 1824. Adept at languages including Mandan, French, Latin, English, German, and Spanish, the young Charbonneau spent over five years at court. In the novel, young Baptiste travels across the Levant with Duke Paul and the prince's painting companion Vogelweide, and performs piano in the presence of Beethoven.
According to Publishers Weekly:
Notes
The Museum of Human Beings in the title alludes to the notorious museum that General William Clark built beside his home in St Louis after he returned from the Lewis and Clark Expedition. Inside, Clark kept relics and specimens related to his various American Indian affairs.
Further reading
Sargent, Colin (2008). Museum of Human Beings. Ithaca: McBooks.
Publishers Weekly, Sara Nelson, ed. September 1, 2008. New York: Reed Business.
Paul, Duke of Wurttemberg (1824). Erste Reise nach dem nordlichen Amerika in den Jahren 1822-1824, W. Robert Nitske, trans., Savoie Lottinville, ed., as Travels in North America, 1822–1824. Norman: University of Oklahoma Press.
References
External links
Museum of Human Beings website
Colin Sargent website
Article, Denver Post
Biography of Jean Baptiste Charbonneau
Journals of Lewis and Clark Expedition
Lewis and Clark guided by Sacagawea
Sacagawea gold one-dollar coin
2008 novels
Historical novels
Museums in popular culture
Fictional museums
Fletcher Christian (1812 – 5 April 1852) served as magistrate of the British Overseas Territory of Pitcairn Island in 1842. Christian was the grandson of Fletcher Christian, the Bounty mutineer, through his son Charles Christian. He was the cousin of Thursday October Christian II. Like Thursday, Christian was of Polynesian descent from 3 of his grandparents. His mother was Sully, the daughter of Teio.
Ancestry
References
Pitcairn Islands people of English descent
Pitcairn Islands people of Manx descent
Pitcairn Islands people of Polynesian descent
Pitcairn Islands politicians
1812 births
1852 deaths
Jonas Nyren is a Swedish metal vocalist. He joined In Thy Dreams in 1996 recording an EP (Stream of Dispraised Souls) and the band's debut album, The Gate of Pleasure, but before the album's release he left the band in 1999. He also recorded the vocals for Armageddon's first album, Crossing The Rubicon.
Discography
Armageddon
Crossing The Rubicon (1997)
In Thy Dreams
(EP) Stream of Dispraised Souls (1997)
The Gate of Pleasure (1999)
References
Living people
Swedish rock singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jorge Osvaldo Bartero (born 28 December 1957 in Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine football goalkeeper. He played for a number of clubs in Argentina.
In 1987, he was a reserve goalkeeper in the Argentina that participated in the Copa América.
Bartero spent the majority of his career with Vélez Sársfield, he also played in the Argentine Primera with Unión de Santa Fe and Racing Club de Avellaneda. Towards the end of his career he played in the Argentine 2nd division with Deportivo Italiano and Chacarita Juniors.
He currently works as a goalkeeping coach in Vélez Sársfield.
References
External links
Argentine Primera statistics (post 1989)
Jorge Bartero at BDFA.com.ar
1957 births
Living people
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Argentine footballers
1987 Copa América players
Association football goalkeepers
Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield footballers
Unión de Santa Fe footballers
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Chacarita Juniors footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Footballers at the 1987 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in football
Martina Bagnoli (born 1964) is an Italian art historian and curator. She is the director of the Gallerie Estensi and chair of the Europeana Foundation. Previously, from 2002 to 2015, Bagnoli was curator of medieval art for the Walters Art Museum in Maryland, United States.
Biography
Bagnoli was born in Bolzano, Italy. She was educated at Downing College, Cambridge, where she earned a BA in art history (1987) and an MA (1991). She completed her PhD at the Johns Hopkins University in 1999. Bagnoli joined the Walters Art Museum in Baltimore, Maryland as assistant curator in 2002. She organised exhibitions such as Treasures of Heaven (2011) and A Feast for the Senses (2017) and ended her tenure as the Andrew W. Mellon Curator and head of the museum's collection of medieval art and manuscripts. During this time she was also employed by the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
In 2015, Bagnoli was named director of the Galleria Estense in Modena, Italy, itself a part of the Gallerie Estensi. Her appointment was part of an international search by the Italian Ministry of Culture to appoint directors for twenty Italian institutions and heritage sites, also including the Uffizi, the Galleria Borghese, and the Gallerie dell'Accademia (Venice). In May 2017, her appointment through the initiative, and that of four other directors, was voided following a ruling by the Lazio regional administrative tribunal. Bagnoli returned to her position a month later after the Council of State, the country's highest administrative court, temporarily suspended the ruling until a public hearing later that year. As director, she oversaw the launch of the Estense Digital Library in 2020.
In 2021, Bagnoli was elected chair of the board of the Europeana Foundation.
References
Living people
1964 births
Directors of museums in Italy
Women museum directors
Italian art curators
Women curators
Italian art historians
Women art historians
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Johns Hopkins University alumni
People from Bolzano
Italian women curators
Capital punishment is a legal penalty in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
Since the reinstatement of the death penalty in the United States in 1976, Wyoming carried out only one execution: that of Mark Hopkinson in 1992 for ordering the murder of four people. As of March, 2022, there are no defendants who are sentenced to death in Wyoming. The last defendant who was sentenced to death, Dale Eaton, had his death sentence was overturned by the federal court of appeals for the tenth circuit, and was resentenced to life imprisonment without parole in March, 2022.
Wyoming does not have a designated execution chamber, but the state has said it will use the parole board meeting room at the Wyoming State Penitentiary in the event an execution by lethal injection does occur in the future. The execution of Mark Hopkinson in 1992 took place in a converted holding cell at the since-closed North Facility of the Penitentiary.
Legal process
When the prosecution seeks the death penalty, the sentence is decided by the jury and must be unanimous.
In case of a hung jury during the penalty phase of the trial, a life sentence is issued, even if only a single juror opposed death (there is no retrial).
Only the Governor of Wyoming may grant commutation of a death sentence. Since 1977, no commutation has been granted.
Death row for men is located at the Wyoming State Penitentiary in Rawlins, and the location for women is at the Wyoming Women's Center in Lusk. , only one person is on death row, and the death sentence is being challenged.
The method of execution is lethal injection. Gas inhalation is provided as backup method if lethal injection should ever be found unconstitutional.
Wyoming is the only state that does not allow news reporters to be execution witnesses, allowing only people authorized by the condemned. Mark Hopkinson did not authorize any to his execution in 1992, so there were no witnesses at all.
Capital crimes
First degree-murder is punishable by death if it involves one of the following aggravating factors:
The murder was committed by a person confined in a jail or correctional facility, on parole or on probation for a felony, after escaping detention or incarceration, or released on bail pending appeal of his conviction.
The defendant was previously convicted of another murder in the first degree or a felony involving the use or threat of violence to the person.
The defendant knowingly created a great risk of death to two or more persons.
The murder was committed while the defendant was engaged, or was an accomplice, in the commission of, or an attempt to commit, or flight after committing or attempting to commit, any aircraft piracy or the unlawful throwing, placing or discharging of a destructive device or bomb.
The murder was committed for the purpose of avoiding or preventing a lawful arrest or effecting an escape from custody.
The murder was committed for compensation, the collection of insurance benefits or other similar pecuniary gain.
The murder was especially atrocious or cruel, being unnecessarily torturous to the victim.
The murder of a judicial officer, former judicial officer, district attorney, former district attorney, defending attorney, peace officer, juror or witness, during or because of the exercise of his official duty or because of the victim's former or present official status.
The defendant knew or reasonably should have known the victim was less than 17 years of age or older than 65 years of age.
The defendant knew or reasonably should have known the victim was especially vulnerable due to significant mental or physical disability.
The defendant poses a substantial and continuing threat of future danger or is likely to commit continued acts of criminal violence.
See also
List of people executed in Wyoming
List of death row inmates in Wyoming
Crime in Wyoming
References
Wyoming
Wyoming law
Nemacerota bacsovi is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Gyula M. László, Gábor Ronkay, László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007.
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
USS Vivace (SP-583) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1918.
Vivace was built as the fast private steam yacht Vixen by the Charles L. Seabury Company and the Gas Engine and Power Company at Morris Heights in the Bronx, New York, in 1904 to a design by the naval architect Charles L. Seabury. She later was renamed Vivace.
Vivace was the property of the two companies that built her when, on 18 June 1917, the U.S. Navy enrolled her in the Naval Coast Defense Reserve and ordered her delivered for Navy use as a section patrol vessel during World War I. Her owners delivered her to the Navy on 29 June 1917, and she was commissioned as USS Vivace (SP-583) on 20 September 1917.
Assigned to the 3rd Naval District, Vivace carried out patrol duties in the New York City area for a year.
Apparently difficult to maintain, Vivace was decommissioned and simultaneously stricken from the Navy List on 28 September 1918, six and a half weeks before the end of the war. She was sold as "junk" to Marvin Briggs, Inc., of Brooklyn, New York, on 16 April 1919.
Notes
References
Department of the Navy Naval History and Heritage Command Online Library of Selected Images: U.S. Navy Ships: USS Vivace (SP-583), 1917-1919. Previously the Civilian steam yacht Vivace (1904)
NavSource Online: Patrol Yacht Photo Archive Vivace (SP 583)
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in Morris Heights, Bronx
1904 ships
Individual yachts
St. James' Church in Entally, Kolkata (Calcutta), India, is one of Kolkata's most elegant churches. Built in 1862, the twin spires of the St. James' Church dominates Kolkata's skyline. It is popularly known as Jora Girja (), literally twin church, for its twin spires.
History
The present church was built to replace an older one of the same name which was situated in Nebutolla Lane, near Amherst Street. This earlier church, built very much after the style and plan of St. Thomas' Church, Free School Street, was consecrated by Bishop Reginald Heber on 12 November 1829. It appears to have fallen into a state of disrepair, due chiefly to white ants having eaten into the beams, and was declared unsafe for divine worship. An attempt was made to repair the building, but while the work was in progress, the roof fell in during the early hours of the morning of 23 August 1859, leaving the church in ruins. It was decided to abandon any further attempts to repair the Church as it was found to be very much out of the way, and in many ways inconvenient for those attending it. The church authorities, therefore, resolved to build a new church in a more convenient locality and, in conjunction with it, a school for the children of the neighbourhood. Prominent vicars of this church in the past include the late Fr Basil Manuel and the Rt Revd Dr John Perumbalath, currently Bishop of Bradwell in the Church of England.
Architecture
The project for building the new church and school had the full support and backing of Archdeacon Pratt, a keen educationist, who, with his influence, was able to acquire the garden house of Mr. Coates together with its spacious grounds for the purpose. At the same time, a smaller house on the grounds was also acquired for the residence of the Chaplain. This property was situated opposite the Female European Orphan Asylum, across the road, which had been founded during July 1815 by Mrs. Thompson, the wife of the Rev. T Thompson.
The foundation stone of the new Church was laid on 7 June 1862, by the Honorable John Peter Grant, acting Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal, at the south-east corner of the foundations. A marble tablet placed on the eastern wall of the south transept reads –
The first stone of this Church dedicated to
St. James, was laid June 7th, 1862.
Consecrated by Bishop Cotton 25th July, 1864.
The Revd. Dr. Jarbo, Chaplain.
Conservation
Address
167, Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road,
Kolkata (formerly Calcutta) - 700 0014.
West Bengal.
India.
References
Churches in Kolkata
1862 establishments in India
Anglican church buildings in India
Riverdale Farm is a municipally operated farm in the heart of Cabbagetown, an urban neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is maintained by Toronto Parks, Forestry and Recreation Division.
History
Between 1888 and 1974, this was the site of the Riverdale Zoo. This zoo began with the donation of deer by Toronto Alderman Daniel Lamb. In 1974, the zoo relocated to a much larger facility in Scarborough and became the Toronto Zoo. In 1978, Riverdale Farm opened on the west bank of the Don River adjacent to Riverdale Park. The main barn was first constructed in 1858 in Markham and moved to the present site and rebuilt in 1977. The farm is open to the public all year round. It specializes in pioneer breeds of farm animals that are hard to find on commercial farms. Animals at the farm include poultry, waterfowl, goats, sheep, pigs, cows, donkeys, and horses.
A 2011 consultant's report recommended the closure of the farm, along with the High Park Zoo, as a means to cut cost for the city.
In 2013, the W. Garfield Weston Foundation made a CAD $25,000 donation to provide funds to keep the farm operating in the short term. Other corporate and private donors have provided substantial financial injections to allow the Farm to continue operations for current and future generations through 2027.
See also
Centreville Far Enough Farm
References
External links
City of Toronto, Riverdale Farm
Riverdale Farm Toronto
History of Toronto
Parks in Toronto
Farm museums in Canada
Museums in Toronto
Zoos in Ontario
Articles needing infobox zoo
History of agriculture in Ontario
Catharine "Kitty" McClellan (March 1, 1921 – March 3, 2009) was an American cultural anthropologist who is known for her documentation of the oral history and storytelling typical of Athabascan speaking, Tlingit and Tagish peoples of the Yukon Territory. Catharine's work extended past her academic research, as she also became an advocate for their rights on issues such as the Mackenzie Valley Pipeline debate in 1976. Her husband was fellow anthropologist John Hitchcock whom she married in 1974; he died in 2001 from natural health complications.
Biography
Catharine was born in York, Pennsylvania, lived throughout the United States and Yukon Territory throughout the course of her life, and died in Peterborough, New Hampshire. She did extensive work in the Yukon from the 1950s to 1980s, where she conducted a detailed research study using their traditional oral stories as research material to study the Aboriginal peoples in the Yukon. For over 30 years she worked as a scholar and close companion with many northern individuals as they used their traditional stories to instruct and guide her work.
Her work became a model for applied anthropology. She was one of the first anthropologists to dedicate research to northern oral tradition, and in doing so, she helped standardize the rules for transcribing oral history. Catharine's attitude towards her Northern research was inherently feminist.
At the age of 52 she married cultural ecologist John Hitchcock. Their scholarly partnership began when they worked at the University of Wisconsin, Madison together, though they were not romantically involved until years later.
Education
Catharine graduated from her undergraduate degree in anthropology from Bryn Mawr College in 1942. From there she moved to California to study at the University of California, Berkeley beginning in 1946 where she was supervised by Robert Lowie. In 1950 Catharine received her PhD from American MidWest University in anthropology.
Fieldwork
Catharine's research in the Yukon was characterized by her forerunner interest as an "outsider" documenting their oral tradition. These initial interviews helped to encourage the precise documentation of particular transcripts of narrative accounts which allowed her to begin to identify the nature of differences among these traditional stories. Her research relied on time-intensive work in the North as used oral interviews and many visits to the communities to gain both a proper relationship with her informants, such as Angela Sidney, as well as to act ethically as a participant observer.
Her work on the manuscript for My People's Stories began in the 1980s, most were taken down between 1948 and 1952 and appear here as a collection of 175 narratives or cycles of narrative. Thirty-five were told by Southern Tutchone speakers. The Inland Tlingit stories or cycles number sixty-two.
Catharine collaborated with Frederica de Laguna in Angoon in 1950 as well as traveling North with her to conduct ethnological investigations at Yakutat in 1952, along with Francis A Riddell. In this ethnological work, the group discovered there were two individuals in the community who were native speakers of the nearly extinct Athabascan language Eyak.
Catharine's early contribution to documenting oral tradition among the Aboriginal people of the Yukon has opened the region up to study from others. This includes Lynn Echevarria's research on storytelling in the Baháʼí Faith. She explores similar stories and myths, though from the perspective of a recently introduced religion. Between 1960 and 1974, 205 people adopted the Baháʼí Faith. Many of the individuals maintained their oral storytelling traditions, and Echevarria's research, published in 2008, worked to document as much of this history as they could. Echevarria credits the forerunner work done by Catharine and Julie Cruikshank, stating "their extensive work with Yukon First nations peoples have done much to show that Aboriginal oral narratives provide types of knowledge different from the western scientific model."
Employment
Catharine was first employed in the U.S. Navy WAVES following graduation from Bryn Mawr for four years until attending University of California, Berkeley. She began working with the University of Washington in 1952 and until 1956 she remained with them while frequently visiting the Yukon as both a friend and scholar. She then held later positions at Barnard College from 1956 to 1961 and then moving to University of Wisconsin-Madison from 1961 to 1983 when she officially retired from professorship. She remained a Professor Emeriti there until her death.
Her teaching style was unique, and though unstructured, it was comprehensive and multisensory in helping her students understand the way of life in the North. To illustrate important elements of the stories from her research, she would bring in tools, clothes, and weapons from both the Tlingit and Athapaskan peoples for her students. She would also insist her graduate students read Kroeber, Lowie, and de Laguna, as she worked closely with all of them in the prime of their careers.
Catharine was also a visiting professor at Bryn Mawr College in 1954, the University of Missouri in 1962, University of Alaska twice in 1973 and again in 1987.
Published works
My Old People's Stories: A Legacy for Yukon First nations. 3 vols. Julie Cruikshank, ed. and additions. Catherine Kernan, illustrations. Occasional Papers in Yukon History 5 (1-3). *Whitehorse: Government of Yukon, Cultural Services Branch (reprinted in 2010) (2007)
Part of the Land, Part of the Water: A History of the Yukon Indians. Vancouver: Douglas and McIntyre. (1987)
History of Research in the Subarctic Cordillera (pp. 35–42): Intercultural Relations and Cultural Change in the Cordillera (pp. 387–401); Inland Tlingit (pp. 469–480); Tagish (pp. 481–492); Tutchone (pp. 493–505); Ahtna (pp. 641–663; with Frederica de Laguna). In Handbook of North American Indians, vol.6: Subarctic. June Helm, ed. Washington, DC: Smithsonian Institution. (1981)
My Old People Say: An Ethnographic Survey of Southern Yukon Territory. 2 vols. Publications in Ethnology 6 (1-2). Ottawa: National Museums of Canada (reprinted in 2001) (1975)
Indian Stories about the First Whites in Northwestern North America. In Ethnohistory in Southwestern Alaska and the Southern Yukon. Margaret Lantis, ed. pp. 103–133. Lexington: University Press of Kentucky. (1970b)
The Girl Who Married the Bear. Publications in Ethnology, 2. Ottawa: National Museums of Canada. (1970a)
Culture Contacts in the Early Historic Period in Northwestern North America. Arctic Anthropology 2(2):3-15. (1964)
Wealth Woman and Frogs among the Tagish Indians. Anthropos 58:121-128. (1963)
Avoidance between Siblings of the Same Sex in Northwestern North America. Southwestern Journal of Anthropology 17(2):103-123. (1961)
Shamanistic Syncretism in Southern Yukon Territory. Transactions of the New York Academy of Science, series 2, 19(2): 130–137. (1956)
The Interrelations of Social Structure with Northern Tlingit Ceremonialism. Southwestern Journal of Anthropology 10(1):75-96 (1954)
Culture Change and Native Trade in the Southern Yukon Territory, Ph.D. dissertation, Department of Anthropology, University of California, Berkeley. (1950)
References
1921 births
2009 deaths
American anthropologists
American women anthropologists
Bryn Mawr College alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
American expatriates in Canada
University of Wisconsin people
United States Navy sailors
WAVES personnel
21st-century American women
Llanrhychwyn is a hamlet in Conwy county borough, Wales. It lies in the Conwy valley, less than a mile south of Trefriw, and a mile north-west of Llanrwst. Today neighbouring Trefriw is a village with a population of around 600, but in the time of Llywelyn Fawr (Llywelyn the Great), and up to the early 19th century, Llanrhychwyn was larger than Trefriw, which consisted simply of "a few houses here and there" (quote from Hanes Trefriw, by Morris Jones). Indeed, even today both Trefriw and Llanrhychwyn lie within the parish of Llanrhychwyn. The area around Llanrhychwyn had a population of only 178 in 2011.
The adjacent Gwydir Forest would have provided work for many of the inhabitants. A number of metal mines were located in the forest, and the heyday of metal mining here was between 1850 and 1919. The forest also provided wood, and both timber and metal were transported from the forest to the quay at neighbouring Trefriw, from where it was shipped downstream to the coast.
Llanrhychwyn takes its name from Saint Rhychwyn (sometimes recorded as Rhochwyn), son of Helig ap Glannog, the prince who lived at Llys Helig before it was inundated by the sea, and now the subject of myth and legend. Rhychwyn had several brothers who established churches and became saints, including Celynin, who established the old church at Llangelynnin, near Henryd, further down the valley.
The church
Llanrhychwyn's main claim to fame is its parish church, which many claims is the oldest in Wales, marking the site where Rhychwyn originally established his church in the 6th century. The church is known locally as Llewelyn's Church, and the oldest part dates from the late 11th century.
Llywelyn Fawr, Prince of Gwynedd and de facto Prince of Wales, had a hunting lodge in Trefriw, close to Llanrhychwyn, known in documents as 'Y Ty Du'. Llywelyn married Siwan or Joan a daughter of King John of England in 1205. In about 1230 Llywelyn endowed another church for the local community living on the valley bottom in the commotal centre, on the site where St Mary's, Trefriw now stands. Llywelyn and Siwan are portrayed in a remarkable stained glass window in the church, as are Rhychwyn and David in a window dating from 1533. An inscription in Latin asks for prayers for the donors.
Set within an ancient churchyard, the church is a good example of early architecture. The east aisle was added in the 13th century, and the north aisle dates from the 16th century. It has a very old square font, as old as the church itself, and an early example of stained glass in the east window. The roof beams, some 800 years old, are the earliest example in Wales. The ancient oak door has wooden hinges, and the bell, which dates from the 13th century, possibly came from Maenan Abbey. The altar rails date from 1616, and the pulpit from 1691. The chalice is dated 1614 and is of an ornate design. The registers date from 1594.
These days, services are only held in Llanrhychwyn church during the summer months, and on special occasions. If locked, the key is available from Tu hwnt i'r Gors Farm, nearby.
Morris Jones also records in Welsh that this church was "built by Llywelyn for [his wife's] use, and for the use of the inhabitants, for their kindness towards him, and that he donated a number of farms from the parish of Llanrhychwyn, naming them as the parish of Tref Rhiw Las. It got this name from the slope on which it stood".
Famous inhabitants
A popular belief, based on a misinterpretation of a line of poetry in the Red Book of Hergest by 18th- and early 19th-century antiquarian scholars, is that Taliesin (c. 534–c.599), the 6th-century Welsh bard and the earliest poet of the Welsh language whose work has survived, was an inhabitant of the area, living on the shores of Llyn Geirionydd and buried there. It has even been claimed that he was also born in this area, but it is far more likely that he was born in Powys, as demonstrated by his poems to Cynan Garwyn, King of Powys.
Robert Williams (Trebor Mai) (1830–77) was born near the parish church and grew up in the village. He later moved to Llanrwst and became one of the most famous poets of his day, being particularly admired for his mastery of the englyn.
John Roberts (1828–1904) was a native of neighbouring Trefriw, and he used that name in his job as a printer and bookseller. In Eisteddfodau he would assume the bardic name of Gwilym Cowlyd, and frequently levelled criticism at the Gorsedd for being too Anglicised. In 1865, he founded a separate festival to rival the big National Eisteddfod, and called it Arwest Glan Geirionydd (‘Music Festival on the Banks of the River Geirionydd'), and the meeting point was the Taliesin Memorial by Llyn Geirionydd.
Richard Owen Roberts, the father of Gwilym Roberts the storyteller, was born in Llanrhychwyn.
A popular walking area
Today many walkers pass through Llanrhychwyn on their way to or from the Gwydir Forest, a popular area of lakes and forest walks. The lane through Llanrhychwyn continues from Trefriw or Llanrwst (via several gates) to Llyn Geirionydd, one of the most popular lakes in the area. Over the hill (Mynydd Deulyn) from Llyn Geirionydd is Llyn Crafnant, reached only by car from Trefriw, and regarded by many as one of the most beautiful spots in Wales. Most of the tourist traffic passing through Llanrhychwyn is totally unaware of the historical significance of the hamlet, and indeed the road itself does not actually pass the old church.
One of the "Trefriw Trail" walks passes Llanrhychwyn Church.
References
The Conwy Valley & the lands of history, by K. Mortimer Hart (published by Gwasg Carreg Gwalch, Llanrwst, 1987)
The Conwy Valley – Its Long History, by Michael Senior (published by Gwasg Carreg Gwalch, Llanrwst, 1984)
Dyffryn Conwy a'r Creuddyn, by E.D. Rowlands (Gwasg y Brython, Lerpwl, 1947)
Hanes Trefriw, by Morris Jones (published by W.J. Roberts, 1879)
Trefriw and Llanrhychwyn churches: a short story. Trefriw: Llanrhychwyn: Saint Mary's Church; Llanrhychwyn Church, (197-?)
A Topographical Dictionary of Wales, by Samuel Lewis (London, 1833)
External links
Trefriw Trails
Trefriw Village website
GENUKI Genealogy site
Trefriw
Villages in Conwy County Borough
Villages in Snowdonia
Hamlets in Wales
Lander Glacier is located in the Wind River Indian Reservation, in the U.S. state of Wyoming, WSW of Mount Lander. Lander Glacier consists of three distinct ice bodies along the north and west slopes of Mount Lander, the largest descending from the west slope, from , immediately east of the Continental Divide.
See also
List of glaciers in the United States
References
Glaciers of Fremont County, Wyoming
Glaciers of Wyoming
Wind River Indian Reservation
Liptovská Teplička is a large village and municipality in Poprad District in the Prešov Region of northern Slovakia.
Geography
The municipality lies at an elevation of 919 metres (3,015 ft) and covers an area of 98.69 km² (38.10 mi²). It has a population of about 2270 people.
History
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1634.
Settled probably before 1612 when the village Pohorelá (with that it shares the origins) was first mentioned in written records. The name Teplička (or its Hungarian transcript Teplicska) used till around 1920 when the adjective Liptovská (related to the Liptov region) had been added to distinguish it from other villages with the same name in Slovakia. A new road connecting the village with Poprad was built after World War II, and in the subsequent change of administrative divisions in 1960, the village has been integrated to the Poprad District of the then Eastern-Slovakian region, since 1996 Prešov Region. (The traditional road connecting the village with the historical Liptov region remains now inaccessible for motor cars.)
The name Teplička comes from Teplica, a small creek flowing through the village that does not freeze even in the coldest winters (teplý means 'warm' in Slovak).
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20080111223415/http://www.statistics.sk/mosmis/eng/run.html
http://www.liptovskateplicka.sk
Villages and municipalities in Poprad District
Olympic Entertainment Group (OEG) is an Estonian concern which focuses on entertainment business. The Group is the leading provider of gaming services in Baltic States and also operates casinos in Italy, Malta and Slovakia.
History
In March 2018, the Luxembourg-based holding Novalpina, through its subsidiary Odyssey Europe AS, offered to buy all the shares of Olympic Entertainment Group. The takeover bid, which reached 288 million euros, was accepted by the board of OEG. The company was delisted from the Nasdaq Tallinn in October 2018, and a new CEO, Corey Plummer, was appointed the following month.
In April 2020, OEG signed an exclusive deal with GGNetwork.
Description
As of December 2018, the Group had a total of 114 casinos and 23 betting points: 24 casinos in Estonia, 52 in Latvia, 17 in Lithuania, 6 in Slovakia, 14 in Italy and 1 in Malta.
As of 2019, by revenue of 30 million euros, the Group is 8th in Estonia.
The Group is employed 2852 people in 6 countries.
The Group has been in main list of Nasdaq Tallinn.
References
External links
Companies of Estonia
Brunswick Golden Isles Airport , previously known as Glynco Jetport, is a county-owned public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) north of the central business district of Brunswick, a city in Glynn County, Georgia, United States. It is mostly used for general aviation, but is also served by one commercial airline.
History
Before 1975 the airport was Naval Air Station Glynco . In August 1942 the U.S. Navy began building the air station on in the northern part of the county. Named NAS Glynco as an abbreviation of Glynn County, it was a base for lighter-than-air airships, known as blimps.
In 1973 Delta Air Lines McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30s flew direct from Glynco to Atlanta and Orlando and nonstop to Augusta, Jacksonville and Macon (the Augusta and Macon flights continued to Atlanta). In the Delta March 1, 1973 timetable, a DC-9-30 was scheduled Chicago O'Hare Airport - Cincinnati - Atlanta - Savannah - Brunswick - Jacksonville - Orlando. By fall 1974 Delta was no longer flying jets from the airport. Atlantic Southeast Airlines (ASA) began serving the airport in 1981 with nonstop flights to Atlanta. In 1984 ASA began code sharing with Delta, operating as the Delta Connection and marking a return of Delta service to Brunswick. ASA flew Embraer EMB-110 Bandeirantes, Short 360s, and Embraer EMB 120 Brasilias nonstop from Atlanta. In 2002 the carrier introduced regional jet service to the airport with the Bombardier CRJ100/200. ASA's service was later replaced by Endeavor Air which continues to provide service as Delta Connection into 2022 using CRJ-200 regional jets.
Earlier, Delta served Brunswick via the McKinnon St. Simons Island Airport from the mid 1940s through the 1960s using Douglas DC-3 and Convair 440 prop aircraft.
As TRAWING 8 was decommissioned and VT-86 transferred to Training Air Wing SIX at NAS Pensacola, Florida, the Glynn County community hastily took control of its destiny when a group of 19 community leaders formed the Glynco Steering Committee to attract new users to the facility. Their hard work paid off in 1975 when the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) selected the former Glynco site for a consolidated training academy for federal law enforcement personnel. FLETC constructed their facility on the former blimp facility, while the community retained the airfield proper and its runway, which was designated the official county municipal airport in 1975. Both developments proved to be invaluable to the future of Brunswick and the Golden Isles. Contributions to the local economy and population of Glynn County by the FLETC have exceeded even the Navy's considerable impact, and the jet runway has been an important community asset.
The Glynn County Airport Commission was established in 1980 to manage and develop new opportunities for both the Brunswick and St. Simons Island airports. Since that time, the Airport Commission has continued to improve service and facilities through a series of important upgrades and repairs. To more accurately reflect the destination for travelers and pilots, the Glynco Jetport was renamed Brunswick Golden Isles Airport in 2003. The elegant new passenger terminal, completed in 2005, reflects the local tradition of hospitality and welcome for passengers of scheduled carrier service.
The airport has been host to many airshows in the past. The most recent was Wings over the Golden Isles on 24-26 March 2017.
Facilities and aircraft
Brunswick Golden Isles Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 26 feet (8 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 7/25 with an asphalt and concrete surface.
For the 12-month period ending July 31, 2007, the airport had 28,160 aircraft operations, an average of 77 per day: 74% general aviation, 11% air taxi, 9% scheduled commercial and 7% military. At that time there were 63 aircraft based at this airport: 87% single-engine, 11% multi-engine and 2% helicopter.
Airline and destination
Delta Connection service is currently operated by Endeavor Air with Bombardier CRJ-200 regional jet aircraft.
Destination statistics
Incidents and accidents
On April 5, 1991, Atlantic Southeast Airlines Flight 2311 crashed while on approach to the airport. All 20 passengers and 3 crew perished.
See also
Glynco, Georgia
References
External links
Glynn County Airport Commission
Buildings and structures in Glynn County, Georgia
Airports in Georgia (U.S. state)
Airports established in 1975
Brunswick, Georgia
Transportation in Glynn County, Georgia
1975 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Blink-182 in Concert (also known as The Summer Tour and the Greatest Hits Tour) was the tenth concert tour by American rock band Blink-182 and was the band's first tour since 2004. Bassist/singer Mark Hoppus jokingly referred to the tour as One Way Ticket to Boneville, a name they got from a fan on a KROQ interview. In 2009, it ranked 32nd on Pollstar's "Top 50 Tours in North America", earning over $25 million.
Background
After tensions among the band members arose in 2004, plans for a spring 2005 tour in North America were scrapped. In early 2005, a confirmed appearance at the Music for Relief benefit concert to be held in Anaheim, California, U.S. was cancelled. On February 22, 2005, guitarist/vocalist Tom DeLonge announced he had quit the band.
The members went their separate ways. DeLonge formed a new band, Angels & Airwaves, which released two albums and a DVD, entitled Start the Machine, chronicling the final days of Blink-182 and the genesis of Angels & Airwaves. Hoppus and Barker formed a new project +44, which released one album in 2006. The new +44 albums was still in pre-production.
At the 51st Grammy Awards ceremony on February 8, 2009, all three members of the band appeared onstage for the first time since December 2004. Barker announced the band's reformation, stating that "we used to play music together, and we decided we're going to play music together again", with Hoppus adding, "Blink-182 is back!" A message appearing on the band's website the same day confirmed the reformation and added that the band was in the studio writing and recording a new album and preparing for a world tour. The band also updated their "smiley face" logo to feature six arrows instead of the previous five. After the on-stage announcement many fans began to speculate on Travis Barker's arm being in a sling. An MTV article released on February 10 claimed that Barker had recently undergone surgery to repair "extensive nerve damage", from which a recovery could take up to ten weeks. This would not affect the tour, which started in the summer of 2009.
On February 16, DeLonge confirmed that Blink-182 would be touring in "a big event" this summer. DeLonge went on to note that his commitments with Angels & Airwaves would be held off and the band would release a new album coupled with a feature film in 2010. DeLonge stated that the new Blink-182 record would be a fusion of all his previous works, including Box Car Racer and Angels & Airwaves.
As a surprise to fans, the band played their first live performance since 2004 at the T-Mobile launch for the new Sidekick at the Paramount Pictures lot in Hollywood, California on May 14, 2009. In addition to the performance, the band made their first television appearance since the 2005 break up; they played "The Rock Show" on May 18 and also performed "All the Small Things" on May 19, both on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. Fall Out Boy was the main supporting act for the tour and played their last concert together in New York City on October 4, before reuniting in 2013. Weezer took over the last 4 dates of the North American tour .
Opening acts
The All-American Rejects (North America, select dates)
Asher Roth (North America, select dates)
Chester French (North America, select dates)
Fall Out Boy (North America, select dates)
Panic! at the Disco (North America, select dates)
Taking Back Sunday (North America, select dates)
Weezer (North America, select dates)
Motion City Soundtrack (Las Vegas)
Bobby Light (Las Vegas—July 23)
Valencia (Las Vegas—July 23, Charlotte, Atlanta)
The Planet Smashers (Montreal)
illScarlett (Toronto—August 8)
The Academy Is... (Maryland Heights)
The Aquabats (Los Angeles, Santa Barbara)
Mickey Avalon (Los Angeles)
Twin Atlantic (Aberdeen, Glasgow and Dublin)
All-Time Low (Hamburg)
Thrice (Hamburg)
Setlist
"Dumpweed"
"Feeling This"
"The Rock Show"
"Easy Target" or "Go"
"What's My Age Again?"
"Obvious" or "Violence"
"I Miss You"
"Stay Together for the Kids"
"Down"
"Always"
"Stockholm Syndrome"
"First Date"
"Man Overboard"
"Going Away to College" or "Don't Leave Me"
"Not Now"
"All the Small Things"
"Adam's Song" (July 23–August 27)
"Reckless Abandon"
"Josie"
"Anthem Part Two"
Encore
"Untitled I" (Instrumental Interlude)
"Carousel"
"Dammit"
Source:
Tour dates
Festivals and other miscellaneous performances
This concert was a part of the "Virgin Mobile FREEFEST"
This concert was a part of "The Buzz Beach Ball"
This concert was a part of "Pukkelpop"
This concert was a part of "Lowlands"
This concert was a part of the "Area4 Festival"
This concert was a part of the "Highfield-Festival"
This concert was a part of "Chiemsee Rocks"
This concert was a part of "Rock en Seine"
This concert was a part of the "Leeds Festival"
This concert was a part of the "Reading Festival"
This concert was a part of "Two Days a Week"
This concert was a part of "Independent Days Festival"
This concert was a part of "Epicenter"
Cancellations and rescheduled shows
Box office box score
Personnel
Mark Hoppus – bass and vocals
Tom DeLonge – guitar and vocals
Travis Barker – drums, percussion
External links
Blink-182 Official Website
References
2009 concert tours
2010 concert tours
Blink-182 concert tours
Reunion concert tours
Catharine Webb Barber (, Barber; after first marriage, Towles or Towle; after second marriage, McCoy; October 25, 1823 - November 15, 1893) was an American teacher, newspaper editor, and author. She was born in Massachusetts, but came South, settling first in Georgia and afterward in Alabama. According to The Alabama Review, 1983,— "Establishing a bibliography of the works of Catharine W . Barber Towles McCoy is as difficult as establishing the facts of her life. Only a few of her numerous contributions to ephemeral Georgia periodicals can now definitely be known."
Biography
Catharine Webb Barber was born in Charlemont, a village on the banks of the Deerfield River, in Franklin County, Massachusetts, October 25, 1823. She was the youngest of ten children of Rufus Barber, of Worcester, Massachusetts, a New England farmer. In 1843, her father died, and Barber, at the advice of her brother, came south, and entered the Lafayette Female Seminary, at Chambers Court House, Alabama. She afterwards taught in the same institution.
Barber began to write verses for the newspapers at an early age. From 1849 to 1852, in Madison, Georgia, she served as editor of the Madison Visitor. In 1861, she moved to Newnan, Georgia, and became editor of the Southern Literary Companion, which she continued to edit until its suspension in 1865. For several newspapers and magazines, she filled the role of the "Women's Department" editor.
In 1866, she became the editor and proprietor of Miss Barber's Weekly, which she continued till her marriage to John Culbreath Towles (1813-1877), of Lafayette, in 1867.
In 1884, she married Jett T. McCoy (1823-1887). After his death in 1887, she resided at Columbus, Georgia.
She published Stories for the Freemason's Fireside (New York, 1860); The Three Golden Links (Cassville, Georgia, 1857); and Poor Claire, or Life Among the Queer (1888). Her novelette Briarbrook (1866) was published by Scott's Monthly Magazine.
She died November 15, 1893, in Columbus, Georgia.
Awards and honors
She received honorary degrees from southern colleges.
Selected works
The Three Golden Links (Cassville, Georgia, 1857)
Stories for the American Freemason's Fireside (1860)
Briarbrook (1866)
Poor Claire, or Life Among the Queer (1888)
Notes
References
Attribution
Bibliography
1823 births
1893 deaths
19th-century American writers
19th-century American newspaper editors
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
People from Franklin County, Massachusetts
Aquamicrobium soli is a Gram-negative, aerobic, short rod-shaped non-spore-forming and non-motile bacteria from the genus of Aquamicrobium which has been isolated from soil which was contaminated with chlorobenzoate in China.
References
Phyllobacteriaceae
Bacteria described in 2017
Nicolas or Nicolae Cristea (also known under the nom de guerre Joseph Copla; 26 November 1906 – March 1943) was a Romanian communist, a volunteer in the International Brigades during the Spanish Civil War and in the French Resistance during World War II.
Cristea was born in a poor workers family in Galați. During the Great Depression he participated in the protests organized by the Romanian Communist Party in Bucharest, afterwards being forced by the Siguranța (Romania's secret police) to move back to his native town. He returned to Bucharest in 1931, and in 1933 was admitted into the then-illegal Communist Party. He became member in the Committee of the Bucharest Organization of the Party and, later, he was elected member in the Bureau of the Party Committee of the city. In this period he worked at the Army Pyrotechnics in Bucharest.
After the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War, he left for Spain, arriving there in October 1936, during the Battle for Madrid. He joined the Romanian Motorized Artillery Regiment of the XI International Brigade, commanded by Valter Roman. In 1937, he participated in the battles of Brunete, Quinto-Belchite and Teruel. In December 1937, during the latter confrontation, his leg was injured, but Cristea refused to be hospitalized, deciding instead to remain present on the battlefield. Afterwards, he was promoted to captain and became the commander of the "Tudor Vladimirescu" Battery. At the Battle of the Ebro, he had an important role in the crossing of the river. Demobilized along the other volunteers in December 1938, he continued to fight in Catalonia in January–February 1939.
In February 1939, Cristea passed into France where he was interned in the Gurs and Argelès concentration camps. Along with Joseph Boczov, Mihail Patriciu and other Romanians, he escaped the latter camp on 28 March 1941, after the onset of German occupation. The group soon joined the Resistance, with Cristea becoming commander of the Romanian detachment inside the FTP-Main-d'œuvre immigrée. He participated in sabotage action against the Nazi German forces. On 16 October 1942, he — along with other two Romanian volunteers —, attacked a group of German pilots who were taking part in a military exercise in Montrouge, near Paris, making use of hand grenades.
Arrested by the Gestapo on 19 October 1942, Cristea was executed in March 1943 at Fort Mont-Valérien, after months of torture in the Fresnes prison. Sources disagree on the exact date of his death: either the 9th, the 10th, or the 13th. Upon the end of World War II, he was posthumously promoted a Lieutenant-Colonel of the Romanian Army.
Notes
References
Valter Roman. Evocări. Editura Eminescu. Bucharest, 1980.
Nicolae Balint, "Un mureşean în Rezistenţa franceză" ("A Mureş County Resident in the French Resistance"), in Ziarul de Mureş. 5 September 2005.
1906 births
1943 deaths
Executed communists
Romanian communists
Romanian Land Forces officers
People from Galați
People detained by the Siguranța
Romanian people of the Spanish Civil War
International Brigades personnel
Romanian participants in the French Resistance
Romanian torture victims
Resistance members killed by Nazi Germany
Romanian people executed by Nazi Germany
Prince Alfred Hamlet is a small town in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
It was founded by Johannes Cornelis Goosen, who was born in the Klein Drakenstein and came to the Warm Bokkeveld as a young farmer.
In March 1851 Goosen bought the farm Wagenbooms Rivier from George Sebastiaan Wolfaardt at the “fantastic” price of £6 000. Ten years later he measured out first 80 and then another 10 plots and sold them for £6 000 each. These plots had water rights and each owner also received one morgen or of land to cultivate in the Bakoven River to grow feed for their animals.
While Goosen was busy measuring out his plots, Queen Victoria's son Prince Alfred visited the Cape Colony. Goosen decided to name the new town after the Prince and so the name Prince Alfred Hamlet was born.
In 1861 the first school was established with 42 pupils under the tutorship of Master Strobos. The building, a temporary construction, was known as the “House on Sticks”. In 1871 the “House on Sticks” was demolished when a permanent building became available. It was also used as the church.
In 1906 the Prince Alfred Hamlet members of the Ceres Dutch Reformed Church decided to build their own church. D.G. Roux laid the cornerstone on 5 May 1906. Each member had to help by donating a delivery of the stones and each family bought its own pew. In 1926 a parsonage was built so that a full-time minister could be appointed to serve this congregation. On 5 November 1954 they broke away from Ceres “Mother” Church and Rev. I.B. Fourie took up the position of minister of the independent parish. On 25 April 1964 Fourie laid the cornerstone of the new church. The new building was opened on 14 and 15 November and the old building was converted into a hall.
A Dutch Reformed Mission Church, i.e. a separate church for Coloured people, was established in 1965 and a church was built. The first minister was J. Marais. This church, as well as many other old houses, did not survive the earthquake of 1969.
On 10 April 1929 Prince Alfred Hamlet got its own train station. The Minister of Railways, W.C. Malan, applied the last bolt to the line before the train, filled with school children, left Ceres for the ceremony at Hamlet.
A Town Council was inaugurated on 8 December 1874 and on 28 December 1910 the town was given the status of Municipality under the Municipality Law of 1882. In 1926 a Town Hall was built and in 1979 the offices next to it were added. The Hamlet Country Hotel is the oldest business still in operation. Part of the building was constructed in the 19th century and since 1940 the Kahn family has run it.
References
Populated places in the Witzenberg Local Municipality
1861 establishments in the Cape Colony
Boura is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Yorosso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 887 square kilometers and includes 15 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 22,735. The village of Boura, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 26 km east of Yorosso, just to the north of the road, the D14, that links Yorosso with Sanaba in Burkina Faso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Sugarloaf Township is the name of several places in the United States:
Sugarloaf Township, Marion County, Arkansas
Sugarloaf Township, Sebastian County, Arkansas
Sugarloaf Township, St. Clair County, Illinois
Sugarloaf Township, Columbia County, Pennsylvania
Sugarloaf Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
See also
Sugarloaf (disambiguation)
Township name disambiguation pages
Rudi Vogt (born 30 January 1983) is a former South African rugby union footballer, who played as a full-back, fly-half and wing. He played for the in the domestic Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions between 2007 and 2009, for French Rugby Pro D2 side Oyonnax in 2009–10 and for from 2010 to 2012. He also made five Super Rugby appearances for the during the 2008 Super 14 season and played for the Emerging Springboks at the 2008 IRB Nations Cup.
Although still contracted to in 2013, he missed the 2012 Currie Cup Premier Division and the entire 2013 seasons with a hip injury, which culminated in his retirement after the 2013 Currie Cup season.
References
Living people
1983 births
South African rugby union players
Rugby union fullbacks
Sportspeople from Paarl
Griquas (rugby union) players
Lions (United Rugby Championship) players
Pumas (Currie Cup) players
Oyonnax Rugby players
South African expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in France
South African expatriate sportspeople in France
Rugby union players from the Western Cape
