Pietro Giannone (7 May 1676 – 17 March 1748) was an Italian philosopher, historian and jurist born in Ischitella, in the province of Foggia. He opposed the papal influence in Naples, for which he was imprisoned for twelve years until his death.
Early life
Arriving in Naples at the age of eighteen, he devoted himself to the study of law, but his legal pursuits were much surpassed in importance by his literary works. He devoted twenty years to the composition of his great work, the Storia civile del regno di Napoli (History of the Kingdom of Naples), ultimately published in 1723. In his account of the rise and progress of the Neapolitan laws and government, he warmly espoused the side of the civil power in its conflicts with the Roman Catholic hierarchy.
Conflict with the Church
His merit lies in the fact that he was the first to deal systematically with the question of Church and State, and the position taken by him, and the manner in which that position was assumed, gave rise to a lifelong conflict between Giannone and the Roman Catholic Church.
Despised by the mob of Naples, and excommunicated by the archbishop's court, he was forced to leave Naples and settled in Vienna, Austria. Meanwhile, the Roman Inquisition had attested the value of his history by putting it on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum.
Vienna
In Vienna the favour of the Emperor Charles VI and of many leading personages at the Austrian court obtained for him a pension and other facilities for the prosecution of his historical studies. Of these the most important result was Il Triregno, ossia del regno del cielo, della terra, e del papa.
Venice
On the transfer of the Neapolitan crown to Charles of Bourbon, Giannone gave up his Austrian pension and relocated to Venice, hoping to find service with the new Neapolitan monarchy. But denied a passport to Naples, he remained in Venice where he was, at first, favorably received. The post of consulting lawyer to the republic, in which he might have continued the type of service that Fra Paolo Sarpi had exemplified in previous centuries, was offered to him, as well as that of professor of public law in Padua. He declined both offers. Unhappily there arose a suspicion that his views on maritime law were not favourable to the pretensions of Venice, and notwithstanding all his efforts to dissipate this suspicion, the distrust of Giannone together with clerical intrigues, led to his expulsion from the Republic.
Geneva
On 23 September 1735 Giannone was seized and conveyed to Ferrara. He wandered under an assumed name for three months through Modena, Milan and Turin, he at last reached Geneva, where he enjoyed the friendship of the most distinguished citizens, and was on excellent terms with the great publishing firms.
But he was induced to visit a Catholic village within Sardinian territory, in order to hear mass on Easter day. Giannone was there kidnapped by the agents of the Sardinian government, conveyed to the castle of Miolans and transferred to Ceva and Turin.
Turin
In the fortress of Turin he remained imprisoned for the last twelve years of his life, although part of his time was spent in composing a defence of the Sardinian interests as opposed to those of the papacy. He was also forced to sign a retraction of statements in his books that were most obnoxious to the Vatican.
After his recantation his detention was made less severe and he was allowed many alleviations. In spite of his stay in a Turin prison he endured the sufferings in the manner of a confessor and martyr in the cause of what he deemed historical truth.
Style
Giannone's style failed miserably to rise to the contemporary standards of literary style; he is often inaccurate as to the facts, for he very seldom made use of original documents (see A. Manzoni, Storia della colonna infame), and he was often guilty of unblushing plagiarism. But his staunch anticlericalism has helped to make his volumes more popular than many works of much greater value during the Age of Enlightenment. In England the appreciation of his labours by Edward Gibbon, and the ample use made of them in the later volumes of The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, early secured him an undeserved place in the estimation of English scholars.
Bibliography
Istoria civile del regno di Napoli
Volume 7, 1822 Nicolo Bettoni. Milan
Volume 9, 1812 Capolago Cantone Ticino Tipografia Elvetica
External links
Istoria civile del regno di Napoli, Italia, 1821
Il Triregno, Italia, 1940
Vita scritta da lui medesimo, Italia, 1960
Pietro Giannone, Vita scritta da lui medesimo
References
18th-century Italian historians
People excommunicated by the Catholic Church
1676 births
1748 deaths
Enlightenment philosophers
Belshaw is an unincorporated community in West Creek Township, Lake County, Indiana.
Belshaw was named for the Belshaw family of pioneer settlers.
Geography
Belshaw is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The following is a list of monastic houses in Suffolk, England.
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
Further reading
Binns, Alison (1989) Studies in the History of Medieval Religion 1: Dedications of Monastic Houses in England and Wales 1066–1216, Boydell
Cobbett, William (1868) List of Abbeys, Priories, Nunneries, Hospitals, And Other Religious Foundations in England and Wales and in Ireland, Confiscated, Seized On, or Alienated by the Protestant "Reformation" Sovereigns and Parliaments
Knowles, David & Hadcock, R. Neville (1971) Medieval Religious Houses England & Wales. Longman
Morris, Richard (1979) Cathedrals and Abbeys of England and Wales, J. M. Dent & Sons Ltd.
Thorold, Henry (1986) Collins Guide to Cathedrals, Abbeys and Priories of England and Wales, Collins
Thorold, Henry (1993) Collins Guide to the Ruined Abbeys of England, Wales and Scotland, Collins
Wright, Geoffrey N., (2004) Discovering Abbeys and Priories, Shire Publications Ltd.
English Cathedrals and Abbeys, Illustrated, Odhams Press Ltd.
Map of Monastic Britain, South Sheet, Ordnance Survey, 2nd edition, 1954
Medieval sites in England
Houses in Suffolk
Suffolk
Lists of buildings and structures in Suffolk
Suffolk
Kylie Minogue is an Australian singer and actress. Her breakthrough role in the soap opera Neighbours (1986–1988) as Charlene Robinson earned her a Silver Logie Award for Most Popular Actress in 1987. At the following ceremony, she became the first person to win four Logie Awards at one event and the youngest Gold Logie recipient at nineteen. Interested in pursuing a career in music, Minogue signed to Mushroom Records in 1987 and released her self-titled debut album, Kylie, in 1988. Her songs—a cover of "The Loco-Motion" and "I Should Be So Lucky"—consecutively won the award for Highest Selling Single at the ARIA Music Awards of 1988 and 1989. Minogue's contributions to the subsequent studio albums Enjoy Yourself (1989), Let's Get to It (1991), Kylie Minogue (1994), and Impossible Princess (1997) earned her four nominations for the ARIA Award for Best Female Artist. In 1996, her duet with rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, "Where the Wild Roses Grow", won three ARIA Awards for Best Pop Release, Single of the Year, and Song of the Year.
Minogue signed to Parlophone in 1999 and released Light Years the following year, which was nominated for the ARIA Award for Album of the Year. Her eighth studio Fever (2001) was a commercial and critical success, winning her first Brit Award for International Album in 2002. Its lead single, "Can't Get You Out of My Head", garnered accolades for Single of the Year at the 16th ARIA Music Awards and the 2002 Edison Award. Two other singles from Fever, "Love at First Sight" and "Come into My World", were nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording, the latter winning in 2004—the first time an Australian music artist had won in a major category since Men at Work in 1983. For her work as songwriter for "Slow" from Body Language (2003), Minogue received two nominations for Ivor Novello Awards for "Best Contemporary Song" and "International Hit of the Year". X (2007) was Minogue's first Grammy nomination in the Best Dance/Electronic Album category, her fifth overall. Minogue's fifteenth studio album, Disco (2020), garnered nominations for Billboard Music Award for Top Dance/Electronic Album, ARIA Awards for Best Adult Contemporary Album and Best Artist.
The Phonographic Performance Company of Australia ranked Minogue as the Most Broadcast Artist of 2002, 2003, and 2005. She received the Special Achievement Award in 1989, and two more Outstanding Achievement Awards in 1990 and 2002 by Australian Recording Industry Association, who also inducted her into the ARIA Hall of Fame in 2011. Minogue received the JC Williamson Award in 2013 for her contribution to Australian live entertainment. In the United Kingdom, she has achieved eight number-one albums for five consecutive decades, earning Minogue an entry in the 2020 Guinness World Records. She received a special O2 Silver Clef Award in 2012 to celebrate her 25-year music career, and an honorary Doctor of Health Science degree from Anglia Ruskin University in 2011 for her work in raising awareness for breast cancer. She was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours for services to music. For her contribution to the enrichment of French culture, the French government appointed her as a Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, while the Britain-Australia Society recognised Minogue in April 2017 for her contribution to improving relations between Britain and Australia.
Awards and nominations
State and academic honours
Other tributes
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Awards and nominations received
Minoque, Kylie
Minogue, Kylie
Minogue, Kylie
A powder horn was a container for gunpowder.
Powder Horn or Powder horn may also refer to:
Powder Horn (album), 2014 album by Shit and Shine
Powder Horn (Boy Scouts of America), the Venturing training program offered by the Boy Scouts of America
Powder Horn Island, former name of Calumet Island in the Thousand Islands region of New York
Powder Horn Mountain, a community in Triplett, Watauga County, North Carolina
Powder Horn, Wyoming, a census-designated place
See also
Powderhorn (disambiguation)
The University System of West Virginia was an American educational authority formed by the West Virginia Legislature on July 1, 1989, to oversee the operation of the state's graduate and doctoral degree-granting institutions. It was abolished on June 30, 2000. A 17-member Board of Trustees governed the following institutions of higher learning in West Virginia, United States:
West Virginia University (WVU), including:
West Virginia University at Parkersburg (formerly Parkersburg Community College)
West Virginia University Institute of Technology (formerly West Virginia Institute of Technology), and
Potomac State College of West Virginia University
Marshall University, including:
Marshall University Graduate College (formerly the University of West Virginia College of Graduate Studies), and
West Virginia School of Osteopathic Medicine
From the foundation of the state's various colleges until 1970, all colleges, indeed all forms of education, from pre-school through the graduate programs at Marshall University were under a single state Board of Education, with the exception of West Virginia University and what is now known as West Virginia State University which were under separate Boards of Governors as land grant schools. Following the decision in Brown v. Board of Education State was desegregated, gave up its land grant status and was placed under the Board of Education as well.
In 1970, education governance was reformed and all colleges, including WVU, were placed under a single Board of Regents, with the state Board of Education focusing on primary and secondary education. This lasted until 1990, when the graduate level colleges were separated as The University System of West Virginia, and the remaining Board of Regents was renamed the "State and Community College System of West Virginia".
In 2000, the state abandoned the University System of West Virginia. The West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission was established as its successor in overseeing higher education. Each institution received its own separate board of governors.
Since April 2019, both the Higher Education Policy Commission and the Community and Technical System have been led by Sarah Tucker who serves as the permanent Chancellor for the community colleges and the interim Chancellor for the four-year institutions.
Regents Bachelor of Arts
The Regents Bachelor of Arts (RBA) degree is offered at all four-year public colleges and universities of the West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission. It is a non-traditional degree designed for adult learners where students can enter the program four years after high school and earn credits in the classroom, and through life and work experiences.
References
State agencies of West Virginia
Mary Dawne Arden (July 30, 1933 – December 13, 2014) was an American actress who worked in both Hollywood and Italy.
Early years
Arden was born in St. Louis, Missouri, but moved to New York City at the age of 12 to attend an art school.
Career
Arden had a successful modeling career in Europe and appeared in numerous Italian movies during the 1960s. This actress is not to be confused with Mary Arden, who worked in Hollywood in the 1930s and 1940s, but worked professionally as Mary Arden.
Mary Arden's best known role is that of model Peggy Peyton in Mario Bava's Blood and Black Lace. Aside from acting in the film, Arden was also responsible for writing its English dialogue, as she seemed the original translated screenplay to be too stilted. She also made an uncredited cameo appearance in Juliet of the Spirits as an on-screen TV personality. In the 1960s, she also worked in the United States as a member of the June Taylor Dancers, on the televised Jackie Gleason show.
While in Italy, she also appeared in photo novels including a well-known series of the period, entitled Kriminal. After living and working in Italy for eight years, she returned to the United States in 1979, and performed in only a couple of more roles, before retiring completely from the cinema.
She spent nine years in Latin America where she held marketing and managing positions for Helena Rubinstein Cosmetics. When she returned to NYC, she began her own marketing and body language consulting practice, Arden Associates.
Arden was also on the faculty of New York University, in the Department of Culture and Communication, where she taught business communication.
Personal life
Arden married A.A. Hansi in Rome in 1965.
Death
Arden died in Calvary Hospital in Brooklyn, New York, on December 13, 2014 at the age of 81.
Filmography
References
Biography at gosadistik.com
External links
1933 births
2014 deaths
American expatriates in Italy
American film actresses
20th-century American actresses
Female models from Missouri
Actresses from St. Louis
21st-century American women
Western Saharan literature in Spanish is a small body of writing which has emerged in contemporary times mainly in the form of lyrics written by singers who have chosen the Spanish language as their medium and who use the Saharan Spanish dialect.
Linguistic and historical context
This choice of the Spanish language as Western Saharan songwriters' medium of expression reflects the fact that, together with Equatorial Guinea, where a more sizeable Spanish language literature has emerged, Western Sahara was formerly a colony of Spain, and the principal language of that country has remained as a widespread lingua franca.
Writers
Some of the better-known writers of Spanish language lyrics from Western Sahara include:
Mariem Hassan
Nayim Alal
See also
Mariem Hassan#Use of Spanish in lyrics
Nayim Alal#Use of Spanish in lyrics
Equatoguinean literature in Spanish
List of African writers by country#Western Sahara
References
Sahrawi literature
Spanish-language literature
Spanish Sahara
Spanish language in Africa
Manuel F. Casanova is the SmartState Endowed Chair in Childhood Neurotherapeutics and a professor of Biomedical Sciences at the University of South Carolina School of Medicine Greenville. He is a former Gottfried and Gisela Kolb Endowed Chair in Outpatient Psychiatry and a Professor of Anatomical Sciences and Neurobiology at the University of Louisville.
Casanova has four daughters: Cristina, Sabrina, Belinda, and Melina. Cristina Casanova Might is the Founder and President of the NGLY1 Foundation and the Executive Director at the Undiagnosed Diseases Network Foundation (UDNF). He is married to Emily Casanova, a research assistant professor at the University of South Carolina School of Medicine Greenville who studies autism genetics, the evolution of susceptibility genes in rare disorders, and is a patient advocate for the Ehlers-Danlos community. His son-in-law is Matt Might, director of the Hugh Kaul Personalized Medicine Institute at the University of Alabama Birmingham. Casanova has a personal blog titled "Cortical Chauvinism".
Education and early career
Casanova earned his medical degree from the University of Puerto Rico. He then completed clinical and research fellowships at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, including three years in neuropathology, where he was in-charge of pediatric neuropathology, which was when his interest in developmental disorders of the brain arose. He subsequently helped establish two brain banks, the Johns Hopkins Brain Resource Center and the Brain Bank Unit of the Clinical Brains Disorders Branch at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH).
Casanova spent several years as a deputy medical examiner for Washington, D.C., where he gained experience with the postmortem examination of sudden infant death syndrome and child abuse, which was when he began publishing extensively on postmortem techniques, including neuronal morphometry immunocytochemistry, neurochemistry, and autoradiography. He also worked as a consultant and was staff neuropathologist at Sinai Hospital in Maryland, the North Charles Hospital, and the D.C. General Hospital. He is also a former lieutenant commander in the US Public Health Service. After serving as a professor of psychiatry and neurology at the Medical College of Georgia, he subsequently joined the University of Louisville faculty. In June 2014, he moved to the University of South Carolina and the Greenville Health System.
Research
Casanova's recent research projects have examined brain abnormalities in patients with neurodevelopmental disorders, including autism spectrum disorders and dyslexia. His interest has gradually come to focus on abnormalities of cortical neurocircuitry, in particular on the cell minicolumn, a vertical conglomerate of eighty to one hundred neurons that have in common a latency of response to stimulation. Using computerized imaging analysis, he has established the anatomical validity of the cell minicolumn. Casanova has reported interhemispheric differences in the morphometry of minicolumns that could provide explanations for the speciation of hominids. Localized in Brodmann area 22—part of Wernicke's language region—the morphometric difference may play a role both in the development of language and in related disorders.
His neuromorphology research, conducted in collaboration with other researchers from around the globe, has found there are drastic differences in the brains of autistic individuals. The studies that he conducted show that minicolumns (or 'brain strands') of autism spectrum individuals have more cells, but they are narrower and more densely packed, which he says can limit the brain's ability to send messages. Casanova claimed this helps explain symptoms since "there's not enough juice to actually power very long connections in the brain".
Casanova has also been studying the autonomic nervous system in autistic individuals. He found that the sympathetic branch of the ANS is overactive in autistic children, which leads to higher levels of anxiety. Additionally, he believes that TMS and neurofeedback can reduce autonomic dysfunction that is linked to certain foods.
Casanova notes that one of the problems with brain banks is that preserved brain tissue can deteriorate over time, but claims that brain banks promote far more research insight than MRI scans.
Recognition
His expertise in the field of postmortem techniques was recognized by honorary appointments as a Scientific Expert for the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology and as a Professorial Lecturer for the Department of Forensic Science at George Washington University.
Awards
Presidential Award of the American Medical Association, Puerto Rico Chapter (1981)
Physician's Recognition Award by the American Medical Association (1982-5)
National Research Service Award (1984-6)
Stanley Scholar (1994)
Distinguished Faculty, The Medical College of Georgia (1995)
Scientific Advisory Board, National Alliance for Autism Research (1996)
Tissue Advisory Board, Autism Tissue Board (1999-2000)
Senior Scientist Award, 11th Biennial Winter Workshop on Schizophrenia (2002)
Distinguished Clinical Research Award, Medical College of Georgia (2003)
Gottfried and Gisela Kolb Endowed Chair in Psychiatry (2003)
Chairperson, NIH-CSR Developmental Brain Disorders Study Section (2007-9)
Magisterial Presentation. Third World Congress of Autism (2010)
Contributing Piece Award presented by Families for Effective Autism Treatment (FEAT) (2011)
Opening Speaker for the International Symposium 2012 of the FRA/CIBERER on Advances in the Biomedical Research of Autism Spectrum Disorders (2012)
Member of the Scientific Advisory Committee for Generation Rescue (2013)
Magisterial presentation. XV Simposio de investigaciones en salud: discapacidad y ciclo vital (2013)
Honorary Professor the International Autism Institute (2013)
Scientific Advisory Board, Clearly Present Foundation (2013)
Scientific Advisory Board, Center for Advanced Diagnostics, Evaluation, and Therapeutics, LLC (2013)
Miembro equipo fundador: Autismo Colombia (2014)
Scientific Advisory Board, Autism Research Institute, San Diego CA (2015)
Honorary Doctor of Krasnoyarsk State Pedagogical University (2015)
Visiting Professor of the Krasnoyarsk State Medical University (2015)
President elect, International Consortium of Autism Institutes (2016)
Special Recognition, Distinguished Seminar Series, University of Louisville (2016)
Advisory Board, Our Sunny World, Russia (2017)
Member of the Irlen International Professional Advisory Board (2017)
The Outstanding Scholar Award (2017)
Frontiers Spotlight Award (2017)
Views on neurodiversity
Casanova has stated that most of the neurodiversity movement is based on the good intention to destigmatize autism, but some of their scientific arguments are questionable. He sees many other positives in the movement, such as the desire for acceptance and accommodations. Casanova states that the concepts behind neurodiversity originated in ancient Greek times, when Socrates attempted to determine which behaviors were a disorder and which ones were simply differences. According to him, those ideas were also seen in the Renaissance, the Romantic era, and the antipsychiatry movement. He further claims that Leo Kanner originated the modern version of the neurodiversity movement through studying autistic individuals.
However, he says that the loudest voices in the neurodiversity camp are disruptive. Casanova said on their views that “They see the world in black and white, and either you are with them or against them” and “it might end up hurting research, and hurting the delivery of services to those people who most need them.” Additionally, he said “It's not a blessing to have head-banging, eye-gouging or self-biting; those have serious side effects, including retinal detachment, cauliflower ears, they can get brain trauma, contusions. Those people need to be treated.”
In response to neurodiversity's claim that autistic individuals do not need medical treatment, Casanova points out that parents that support therapy or treatment for autistic children say that it will reduce their suffering and give them the best chance to succeed in adulthood. Casanova additionally claimed that until recently, the neurodiversity movement wilfully neglected the roles of Leo Kanner and Bernard Rimland in advocating for accommodations, claiming that they were ignored because those individuals also wanted medical treatments for autism.
Casanova has also claimed that Neurotribes by Steve Silberman was unfairly weighted against Leo Kanner. Casanova has also written against Silberman's perspective that Hans Asperger, one of the first autism researchers, should be forgiven for his involvement in the Nazi regime. "Contrary to Mr. Silberman," Casanova wrote in response, "I do not defend or condone [Asperger's] murderous actions."
Casanova claims that some media sources have misrepresented his views on autism and neurodiversity. One article from WAVE 3 claimed that Casanova wanted to wipe out autism entirely when he said that was not true. Additionally, a Newsweek article claimed that Casanova received death threats from writing about autism, but this actually happened because some autistic individuals falsely thought he wanted to wipe out autism based on the WAVE 3 article.
References
External links
Manuel Casanova - Professor of Psychiatry, University of Louisville Google Scholar Profile
WAVE3.com - 'UofL Neuroscientist So Close To Autism Breakthrough He's Helping Fund Research', Lori Lyle, (July 14, 2006)
American neurologists
Autism researchers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Eulepethidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida.
Genera:
Eulepethus Chamberlin, 1919
Grubeulepis Pettibone, 1969
Lamelleulepethus Pettibone, 1986
Lammeleulepethus Pettibone, 1986
Mexieulepis Rioja, 1962
Pareulepis Darboux, 1900
Proeulepethus Pettibone, 1986
References
Polychaetes
The Erasmus Research Institute of Management (ERIM) is the joint research institute of the Rotterdam School of Management and the Erasmus School of Economics, both at Erasmus University Rotterdam. It aims to bring together top researchers in business and management from each of these schools. Alongside its research program ERIM also has a graduate program in management designed to attract and train young scholars from around the world. ERIM seeks to contribute to "scientific research that enables organisations to assess and improve their business processes in order to perform in a profitable and responsible way."
History
ERIM was founded in 1999. It modeled itself on the top American and European business schools such as Wharton Business School, Stanford Graduate School of Business, UCLA Anderson School of Management, London Business School, and INSEAD.
By 2010, ERIM has become one of the top three schools in business research in Europe, and is among the top 25 in the world. It has achieved a top ranking at the Social Science Research Network (SSRN), periodically ranking first outside the United States.
In the next decade, ERIM will additionally focus on impacting business practice and the views of business professionals and the general public.
Research
Within ERIM, research in management is divided into five broad streams: marketing; finance and accounting; strategy; organization and business processes; logistics and information systems.
Currently, more than 200 researchers are engaged in ERIM's research programs. They are an international collection of researchers with backgrounds in business administration as well as other disciplines such as psychology, sociology, economics, econometrics and technical sciences.
Also under ERIM's umbrella are more than 20 specialist research centers, focusing on topics as diverse as customer value chains, mutual and hedge funds, neuroeconomics, entrepreneurship, closed loop supply chains, sustainability, climate change, and business in China.
Doctoral program
As a graduate school, ERIM offers a five-year doctoral program, broken down into two years of course work (following which the candidate receives a Master title) with three years applied to dissertation. The PhD degree is awarded following a successful defense of the dissertation. Candidates must have a Bachelor degree to enter the program. Candidates who already have an MSc degree may enter the program as second-year students, while those who have already received a relevant MPhil degree may enter as third-year students. The main goal of the program is to train promising students with academic ambitions to build competitive research profiles, so that they can attain faculty positions at top business schools around the world and become “thought leaders”.
PhD in Management
The ERIM PhD Program in Management is part of the doctoral program. To enter the program, an MPhil, MSc or M.A. degree is mandatory. In 2010, around 100 students from around 30 countries were enrolled in the PhD program.
ERIM offers two types of PhD Projects:
ERIM Predefined PhD Projects train future researchers in or across five key disciplines of management: business processes, logistics & information systems, organization, marketing, finance, and strategy. These projects are initiated each year.
ERIM Open PhD Projects are designed to give PhD candidates much freedom in choosing their own research topic. These open projects are financed with an endowment of 800,000 euros from the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO). ERIM was one of nine Dutch academic institutions who were awarded the grant in 2009, which was intended to give future doctoral students more say in the research to be carried out. A limited number of open projects was initiated in 2010.
Research Master in Business Research
The ERIM Master of Philosophy in Business Research is part of the doctoral programme. This Research Master is designed for academically talented and motivated students who wish to combine education in a specialization area of their choice with conducting research in that field.
See also
Econometric Institute
Tinbergen Institute
TRAIL Research School
References
External links
ERIM
Business schools in the Netherlands
Economic research institutes
Erasmus University Rotterdam
Research institutes in the Netherlands
Rijad Delić is a Bosnian volleyball player at the highest national level.
He played for Bosnia's most successful volleyball club OK Kakanj, in the team which achieved the Premier League of Volleyball of Bosnia and Herzegovina national championship and the National Cup of Bosnia and Herzegovina double in the 2003-2004 season and for the 2004-2005 national championship winning team and the national cup winning team in 2005-2006.
Prior to joining OK Kakanj Rijad Delić played for most of his career for OK Zenica in the Premier League of Volleyball of Bosnia and Herzegovina (1996–2003). He played as Opposite.
References
See also
Emir Bajramović, Almir Aganović, Ermin Lepić, Damir Bjelopoljak, Salih Fazlić
1973 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Zenica
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina men's volleyball players
Avatar is an early graphics-based multi-user highly interactive role-playing computer game, created on the University of Illinois' PLATO system in the late 1970s. It has graphics for navigating through a dungeon and chat-style text for player status and communication with others. It can currently be played online via Cyber1 or a simulation called Javatar. What makes Avatar popular is the high level of interactivity with other players and the sense of community that develops. Development on Avatar began on the University of Illinois PLATO system around 1976 by Bruce Maggs and Andrew Shapira, who were junior high school students at the time. They were soon joined by David Sides, who was a student at the University of Illinois. The first version was released in 1979.
History
Avatar was a successor to several innovative and highly successful role-playing games on the PLATO system, most notably Oubliette. Oubliette was written by Jim Schwaiger and published on the PLATO system in 1977. It was so difficult that one could not play it alone; in order for players to survive, they had to run in groups. Following Oubliette, also on PLATO, was a game called Moria written in 1977, copyright 1978.
There have been many different versions of Avatar over the years, which are often referred to by the year they were released (or scheduled for release). Each version is a bit different from the others. The first version of Avatar was actually called 'Avathar', and it only existed for a short period of time. Next came the 'Man 60' version (in this case the 60 does not refer to a year). Later came 'Avatar 84', which included many new features and is arguably the most popular version. This version was followed by 'Avatar 90', an ambitious departure from previous versions. The game data in this version was considerably more extensive, and death was replaced by an 'afterlife' mode. The most recent version is 'Avatar 95', which has no afterlife but introduced other features such as an Immortal class and a rich selection of items.
Currently, classic as well as modified versions of Avatar 84 are operating on Cyber1. When the NovaNET system existed, it hosted original versions of both Avatar 95 and Avatar 90. It was also possible to play versions of Avatar 84 and Man 60 Avatar on Novanet. These last two games operated with the old game data on the Avatar 95 engine, which was not quite the same as playing through the original engine. The NovaNET system was shut down in November 2015.
Basic gameplay
The user interface includes icons of monsters; statistic displays; information about the character's status; the status of the current encounter; and items being carried, worn, and used. Maps show a view of the dungeon facing in the character's current direction. The player starts the game by choosing a character, which involves choosing a race, gender, alignment, ability scores and pseudonym.
Avatar is inherently a MMO multi-player game. A full chat interface is built into the game, allowing players to communicate. Characters often choose to team up and form parties as a safer means of exploring the dungeon. Magic spells (such as healing) can be cast on other players, or affect all members of a group, as do teleportation spells. Players can buy, sell, and trade items and gold with each other.
The movement keys in Avatar are a, w, d, and x for turn left, go forward, turn right, and turn around respectively. W (shift-w) will both go forward and go through a door (if there is one). Shifted versions of the "turning" keys (A, D, and X) will turn and move 1 step in that direction, also going through doors. f is used to fight and s for spells. It often takes three or more hits to kill a monster. It takes from two to five seconds for a turn to finish. The O key is used to open boxes. Pressing a number key invokes the spell, potion, or scroll loaded there.
Gold is used as a currency amongst players and to buy items and weapons from the store in the city. Gold can be banked or carried.
There are several types of terrain in the dungeon. Rotators turn the character around to a random direction. TP squares teleport characters to specific or random places. Anti-magic rooms make spells and magic items ineffective, and some rooms render their occupants blind. There is also water, which the character can drown in if too much time is spent. There is quicksand, which can rob a character of items. In addition, there is an unusual type of square that shows a false image of the dungeon in front of the character, which can be quite disorienting.
Mainly because of these dangers, Avatar players have made maps, marking locations of walls and doors, and different terrain types, so as to not get lost the next time they venture to that part of the dungeon. Mapping is rather important, as getting lost can be a very bad thing—dying while lost on a lower level, for example, does not make it easy for other players to rescue you. However, many Avatar players find that creating their own maps adds a new level of challenge and enjoyment to the game.
Avatar is set up as a cooperative game, so it is not designed for pvp. There are a few exceptions to this however. One way a player can harm another is to cast a spell from the back of a large party, damaging the players in front. Alternatively, a party leader could teleport the party into solid rock, but when a party rocks, all characters involved are severely affected.
Guilds and quests
There are a number of guilds in the game, which represent the different roles or character classes that a player's character can assume. Most of these have parallels in other RPGs, such as warriors, thieves, and ninjas. A character can join a guild, presuming the character meets the minimum stat requirements, alignment strictures, and race requirements of that guild. Once a character has joined a guild, it can make levels in that guild to become more proficient at that particular role. Characters may belong to more than one guild, but they can only be "acquainted" (be playing as) one at any given time.
Players can be "quested" by their guild, setting them a mission to complete in order to achieve the next character level. One can be quested for items, to kill monsters, or for gold. Finding a monster for a quest can be simple or very difficult; a common request of other players is to, for example, "S/R Golem": the sender asks that someone who has found a Golem save and report it so that a quested character can come and kill it, satisfying his quest. Asking for items is usually seen as begging and beneath the dignity of serious players, but asking for an item to satisfy a quest is acceptable, and it is considered noble to offer such an item. As a character rises in a guild the items and monsters quested become more difficult and costly. Eventually, one may need help to satisfy a quest, and this leads to the most remarkable feature of Avatar: teams and cooperative play.
Death
There are several ways to die in Avatar, including being injured by a monster, being poisoned, diseased, suffering from a spell, being turned into stone and teleporting into solid rock. In most versions of Avatar, when a character dies, it can be resurrected by another character, either in the dungeon or at the morgue. Potions and items can be used to aid in this task, but all resurrections cost a character age and in some cases stats.
If a "raise" is successful, the cost to the raised character is fairly minimal. The alternative to a successful raise is a "comp", as the game will tell the raised player, "There were complications". Comping generally results in the loss of many stats and more age than a successful raise, plus the character's maximum hit points are often reduced. Low-level characters often find it easier to start over than to try to recover from a comp. Teleporting into solid rock (or, in most versions, above level 1) will always lead to a raise with a 0% chance of success and hence an instant comp.
In Avatar 95, the Necromancer class was able to cast a self resurrection spell.
In Avatar 90, when a character dies he or she is sent to an afterlife. In this version each level has its own afterlife and a portal somewhere within it that sends a character back to the city steps if he or she manages to survive all the undead creatures that live there. The level one afterlife is called Purgatory and the level fifteen one is called Hades. Warlocks are able to cast a spell called "silver cord" that can transfer characters to and from each Afterlife, so long as they are not dead themselves. An interesting aspect of the afterlife system is that it allows adventurous characters to effectively rescue themselves, keeping the game play going rather than waiting for a rescue.
Economy
Most versions of Avatar operate around a closed economy. Typically, when a version of Avatar is started, it is initialized in a state where all of the gold in the game belongs to the monsters in the dungeon. There is a fixed amount of gold in the Avatar economy, i.e., once a version of Avatar is initialized, the total amount of gold in the game does not change over time (unless an operator intervenes). As players start to adventure, killing monsters and opening chests, they begin to acquire some of this gold. They also acquire gold by finding items and selling them to the store. Over time, the gold shifts from the monsters over to the players, although gold may be returned to the monsters as players pay gold to make levels, buy items from the store, realign items, recharge items, raise companions, etc. Some monsters may steal a bit of gold back from players as they wander the dungeon. Players who stop playing and delete their characters also end up returning the gold to the monster pile.
Avatar's closed economy system affects game dynamics over time. Characters starting the game early have a better chance of becoming wealthy than players who start the game later. As a game matures (with many high-level players) it is possible for the amount of gold residing with the monsters to become severely depleted. When this happens, it becomes hard for new players to acquire enough gold to make level and/or purchase items. Extremely high-level characters are typically protected from autodeletion routines, allowing large amounts of gold to sit unused on characters that have been abandoned. Due to these factors, Avatar is at its best when it is actively managed by operators/game masters who can keep an eye on this sort of thing.
Another interesting aspect of the Avatar economy is the city store. The store sets prices for items based on a scale which depends on how many items are in stock. The store offers a lower buying price than its selling price, and prices for rarer items are higher than more common items.
Recent versions of Avatar have made attempts at incorporating a better store. The store in Avatar 90 is capable of keeping track of supply and demand on the items it stocks, and sets prices accordingly. Avatar 95 (and hence the Man 60 and '84 versions on NovaNET) has a trading post instead of a store. The idea was to allow players to set realistic asking prices for their items, cutting out the middleman. This idea has worked well at times, but the trading post has a finite amount of space and thus its entire stock tends to devolve to overpriced, unwanted items, prohibiting players from being able to sell new items. Another shortcoming of the trading post is that it requires a critical mass of players to function as planned.
Character parties
An important aspect of Avatar is developing a group of other players one can count on to help out. Whether for a quest, more gold or experience, or just the thrill of killing monsters you would never see otherwise, joining parties is the height of Avatar.
Parties of characters can be created by "tracking" a leader. All the characters in the party follow their selected leader wherever they travel. A party composed of Ninja, Seeker, Healer, and Sorcerer characters can successfully fight almost any monster, open almost any box, and heal its members after combat. Monsters that are immune to weapons can be overcome with spells. Other combinations can be more successful depending on the situation. Parties also allow beginners to tag along with more experienced players, sharing experience and treasure. Some objectives are impossible for a single player, making parties required. Level 15 of the dungeon is unsafe for all but a few characters when alone, and even they might be overcome by the most powerful monsters.
See also
Mordor: The Depths of Dejenol - a PC based clone of Avatar
References
External links
PLATO@50: Games Panel Video with Co-Author Dr. Andrew Shapira
Want to see gaming's past and future? Dive into the “educational” world of PLATO
Role-playing video games
PLATO (computer system) games
1979 video games
Video games developed in the United States
Fiction about purgatory
Amr Mostafa () is an Egyptian singer and composer.
Discography
Ayamy (2007)Alama Fi Hyatak (2008)Al Kebeer Kebeer (2009)Liebt Ma'a Al-Asad (2019)
Awards
Best Egyptian Composer for years 2000 and 2002 for "Aktar Wahed Beyhebak", 2003 for "Ana Ayesh", 2004 for "Aweeny Beek", 2005 for "Wemalo".
World Music Award for Samira Said's album Yom Wara Yom (contains 5 songs composed by Amr Mostafa)
Mohamed Hamaki's song "Ahla Haga Fiki" composed by Amr was awarded by Mobinil as best song in 2006.
Mohamed Hamaki's album Kheles El Kalam contained 4 songs composed by Amr Motafa and was awarded a platinum CD by EMI in 2006.
Mobinil Music Awards named Mostafa as best composer in 2006.
Amr Mostafa's album Alama Fe Hayatak'' was named by EMI as "The Ultimate Album Of The Year 2008".
References
External links
Official Website
Official Fans Website
21st-century Egyptian male singers
1979 births
Egyptian composers
Living people
USS Narwhal (SSN-671), a unique submarine, was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for the narwhal, a gray and white arctic whale with a unicorn-like, ivory tusk.
Her keel was laid down on 17 January 1966 by the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation, in Groton, Connecticut. She was launched on 9 September 1967 sponsored by Glynn R. Donaho, and commissioned on 12 July 1969.
Design
A unique design under project SCB 245, Narwhal was her own class: very little of her design was based on the contemporary submarine (her identification during construction as a Sturgeon-class submarine may have been an attempt to hide her unique features). Her power plant, engine room, and forward compartment layout were unlike any other U.S. submarine. Forward of her reactor compartment the crew enjoyed more available space and berthing than her , Sturgeon, or near-sisters. Access aft was provided by two separate reactor tunnels, each with their own water-tight doors. Her engine room was spacious and well laid out.
Elements of her propulsion were incorporated in later ship classes, especially the , but no other submarine has used all Narwhals innovations. These innovations included:
A natural circulation reactor plant.
Small reactor coolant pumps which had two speeds: On and Off.
Scoop seawater injection condensing (which was one reason why she remained a unique submarine: despite the quieting advantage the scoop piping violated the simultaneously developed SUBSAFE rules and so was never repeated).
The ability to cross connect main and auxiliary seawater systems.
A sophisticated multi-stage direct coupled main engine turbine which avoided gear whine. The turbine arrangement was not considered completely successful because of its complex warm-up and cooldown procedures.
Elimination of the waist ballast tanks which eliminated vibration noise caused by the thin outer hull.
Movement of the sail aft from the bow-hull discontinuity which eliminated flow noise.
The result was the quietest submarine of her era.
Narwhal was fitted with a "turtleback" structure just forward of her rudder that may have been used for remote-controlled underwater vehicles, or for housing an experimental towed sonar array.
Career
Little information about Narwhals career is available, but it was eventful and included a very heavy deployment rate interrupted only by three overhauls (two involving reactor refueling). Narwhal had few difficulties in Arctic waters, easily shadowing Soviet vessels. Those deployments earned Narwhal a Navy Unit Commendation for a 1972 deployment, and Meritorious Unit Commendations for operations in 1971, 1977, 1979, 1994, and 1998. She also earned the Battle Efficiency E (five awards), the Engineering E (four awards), and the Anti-Submarine Warfare A, the Communications C, and the Supply E. She may have also been used for special operations duty.
Narwhal sustained minor damage on 22 September 1989 when Hurricane Hugo hit Charleston, South Carolina. She was moored with nine double wires and two three-inch ship's lines in preparation for the storm. All but one of the lines parted during the first half of the storm, and she drifted into the Cooper River. Tugboats and Narwhals crew tried unsuccessfully to move the submarine back to the pier before the second half of the storm. As the storm resumed, Narwhal submerged in the river and rode out the remainder of the hurricane with only part of her sail exposed.
In 1993, Navigator Harley O'Neill organized a reunion with the original 167 Narwhal crew from WWII. While there were three generations of Narwhal Submarines, (67, 167 and 671), over a single weekend, O'Neill managed to host and entertain both the 2nd generation and the third generation Narwhal crew onboard as the special guests to his Capt. Lincoln and his command.
Narwhal was deactivated, while still in commission, on 16 January 1999 in Norfolk, Virginia. She was decommissioned and stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 1 July 1999, and entered the Navy's Nuclear Powered Ship and Submarine Recycling Program (NPSSRP) in Bremerton, Washington on 1 October 2001. Over the next five years, efforts were made to make Narwhal the centerpiece of a planned National Submarine Science Discovery Center (NSSDC) in Newport, Kentucky. Legislation signed on 30 September 2003 authorized the Secretary of the Navy to transfer Narwhal to the NSSDC. The nuclear reactor and propulsion equipment would be removed and replaced with a plug of the proper dimensions and shape, containing a theater and classroom. However, on 26 April 2006, Peter Kay, board chair of the NSSDC, announced the cancellation of the exhibit, as fundraising had only raised $0.5 million of the $2 million needed. The boat was subsequently dismantled by October 2020 per the Navy's Ship-Submarine Recycling Program.
See also
Other submarines with unique silencing features
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Farewell to Narwhal by Capt. William A. Matson, USN (ret.)
Submarines of the United States Navy
Cold War submarines of the United States
Experimental nuclear submarines of the United States Navy
Ships built in Groton, Connecticut
1967 ships
Infanta Beatrice of Coimbra (1435–1462) was the fifth child of Infante Peter, Duke of Coimbra, and Isabella of Urgell.
After the Battle of Alfarrobeira, where her father's army was defeated by the Portuguese royal army, she left the country and took refuge in Burgundy, under her aunt's protection: Isabella of Portugal was married to Duke Philip III the Good.
In 1453, Beatrice married Adolph of Cleves, Lord of Ravenstein, nephew of the Duke Philip III the Good. They had issue:
Philip of Cleves (1456—1528)
Louise (1457—1458)
She died in Bruges of suspected poisoning in 1462.
Ancestry
References
"Nobreza de Portugal e Brasil", Vol. I, page 271. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon, 1989
External links
Genealogical information on Infanta Beatrice of Coimbra (in Portuguese)
1435 births
1462 deaths
15th-century Portuguese people
House of Aviz
15th-century Portuguese women
Tum Mere Ho (English: You Are Mine) is a 1990 Indian fantasy revenge drama film starring Aamir Khan, Juhi Chawla and Kalpana Iyer in negative role as an ichadaari nagin. It was directed by Aamir Khan's father Tahir Hussain.
Plot summary
Shiva (Aamir Khan) is blessed with magical snake-charming powers. When he meets Paro (Juhi Chawla) from a nearby village, he falls in love with her. She is also attracted to him. But Paro's father, Choudhry Charanjit Singh, is not pleased with this match, and he hires men to subdue and kill Shiva, all in vain. Little to Shiva's knowledge, during his childhood, his father attacked and killed a shape-shifting snake in order to fulfill his greed, earning the wrath of the snake's powerful mother who promises to exact revenge. Shiva was bitten, and thought deceased, his family lovingly sent his body afloat a river to which was discovered by Shiva's adoptive Father and revived.
He was then brought back to life with the help for black magic and adopted by baba, who also teaches him about black magic. Their town has a ritual where on naag panchami, whosoever kidnaps a girl and takes her to his house, they can marry them.
Cast
Aamir Khan as Shiva
Juhi Chawla as Paro
Ishrat Ali
Ajit Vachani as Choudhry Charanjit Singh (Paro's Father)
Sudhir Pandey as Thakur Choudhary
Kalpana Iyer as Mother Snake
Menka Patel as Poonam
Nissar Khan
Anirudh Agarwal
Soundtrack
The music of the film was composed Anand–Milind and the lyrics were penned by Majrooh Sultanpuri. The soundtrack was released in 1990 on Audio Cassette, LP record and Audio Cds in Tips Cassettes & Records known as Tips Industries, which consists of 6 song. The full album is recorded by Anuradha Paudwal, Udit Narayan, Anupama Deshpande and Sadhna Sargam.
References
External links
1990 films
1990s Hindi-language films
Films scored by Anand–Milind
1990 directorial debut films
Films about snakes
Films about shapeshifting
The RTÉ Executive Board, despite its name, is not a board of directors, but rather is a committee composed of the senior management of the Irish public service broadcaster, Raidió Teilifís Éireann, responsible for the day-to-day running of the broadcaster.
The executive board reports to the RTÉ Board through the director general.
Composition
The executive board is chaired by the Director-General of RTÉ, Dee Forbes.
The board was made up of the managing directors of television, radio, news & current affairs, and corporate development, the chief digital officer, the chief technology officer, the chief financial officer, and the group commercial director until 2017.
The director general is appointed by the RTÉ Board, with the consent of the government and the Minister for Media, Tourism, Arts, Culture, Sport and the Gaeltacht, while the other board members are appointed by the director-general.
In October 2017 a new executive board was put in place the new board dropped the Director of TV and the Director of Radio, replacing them with the Director of Content and the Director of Audience, Channels and Marketing. Frances Abeton left the role of Director of Operations and Production Services at the end of 2018. Willie O'Reilly took up the position of chairman of iRadio, with Geraldine O'Leary taking his position as commercial director, she initially did not sit on the executive board. In 2019 Rory Coveney became Director of Strategy and was appointed to the board, Geraldine O'Leary was also appoint to the board. In 2019 Paula Mullooly joined the Executive board as Legal Director. In 2020 Breda O'Keeffe retired as CFO and was replaced by Richard Collins. On 21 June 2022, Jon Williams announced his resignation as Managing Director of RTÉ News and Current Affairs and stepped down at the end of July. He was replaced by Deirdre McCarthy on an interim basis.
Currently the members of the executive board are:
Mission to Prey
Following RTÉ's defamation of Father Kevin Reynolds in its "Mission to Prey" episode of Prime Time, RTÉ announced that Ed Mulhall, MD News, had "retired" on 3 April 2012.
References
Executive Board
"I Was Wrong" is a 2013 song by Celeste Buckingham and Majk Spirit, released through iTunes on May 6, 2013. Following the initial collaboration of both Slovak recording artists for a song called "Ja a ty" from 2012, their second duet was produced by Andrej Hruška and Martin Šrámek of Littlebeat studio.
The song charted at number two on the SK Top 100 topping the component airplay chart, respectively. In the Czech Republic, it reached at number seventeen on the CZ Top 100, while at number two on the CZ Hot 50. The music video directed by Jiří Marshal was shot in California, USA.
Credits and personnel
Celeste Buckingham - lead vocalist, writer, lyrics (in English)
Majk Spirit - backing vocalist, lyrics (in Slovak)
Martin Šrámek - writer, producer, programmer
Andrej Hruška - post-production, programmer
Filip Hittrich - post-production, programmer
Matej Mikloš - piano
Ľuboš Priehradník - mastering
Littlebeat - recording studio
Spirit MBA - record label, distributor
Track listings
"I Was Wrong" (Original version) — 3:58
Charts
References
General
Specific
External links
Express.sk > "I Was Wrong" (Pre-release on Rádio Expres)
2013 songs
Celeste Buckingham songs
Songs written by Celeste Buckingham
2013 singles
Myripristis kochiensis is a species of fish in the family Holocentridae found in the Northwest Pacific
References
External links
kochiensis
Fish described in 1996
The Young, Gifted & Talented Programme (YG&T) was a United Kingdom government scheme that aimed to enhance the educational development of students between the ages of 4 and 19. The scheme was established in 2002, and scrapped in 2010 in favour of reallocating funds to help disadvantaged students get into University.
Inclusion policy
Within the scheme, a young and gifted individual was defined as: "...children and young people with one or more abilities developed to a level significantly ahead of their year group (or with the potential to develop those abilities)”.
Entrance to the scheme was granted via a validation process performed by the student's school or college and was based on criteria including:
For students aged between 4–11, there was no set percentage and they were identified by their performance and ability relative to their cohort.
For students aged between 11–19, that they fell within the top 5% of students as identified by the national eligibility criteria provided by The Department for Children, Schools and Families (DCSF). Alternatively they could be selected by the use of local sectional that identified them as above average in their cohort within their school age group.
While the onus was on schools to determine the size of their gifted and talented population, clear justification for the size of the group and the benefit to all members must be clearly identified. The DCSF used 10% of any given school population as the assumption of size during the planning process.
Operations
The operations of the programme were outsourced to the CfBT Education Trust who took over the National Programme for Gifted and Talented Education in September 2007 and renamed it to the Young, Gifted & Talented.
The program also supported the activities of private organisations in providing training activities and materials to the identified student groups.
References
External links
Official site of the young Gifted & Talented Programme
Educational organisations based in the United Kingdom
2002 establishments in the United Kingdom
Gifted education
Programmes of the Government of the United Kingdom
The 50th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1970 Nova Scotia general election, the 49th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 50th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1974 Nova Scotia general election, the 50th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 51st General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 28th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
"Hood Nigga" (edited for radio as "Hood Figga") is a song by American hip hop recording artist Gorilla Zoe, released as the lead single from his debut album, Welcome to the Zoo. It was officially released via iTunes, on April 24, 2007. The song was produced by Chris Flame and Dee Jay Dana.
Music video
This music video was premiered on MTV2 on June 18, 2007 and BET on June 19, 2007. DJ Drama, Block, Yung Joc, Eightball, and Trae made cameo appearances in the music video.
Remixes
The song "Get It Up" by Santigold, M.I.A., Gorilla Zoe is part remix, part mash-up and features a large portion of the Gorilla Zoe single in the beginning of the song. It was produced by Radioclit and has brought renewed interest in the original.
The 1st official remix, called "Hood Figga" (The Block Remix), features Young Jeezy, Big Boi, Jody Breeze, and Rick Ross (in that order), the remix was released as an explicit version.
The 2nd official remix, called "Hood Figga" (The Block Remix), features Rick Ross, Jim Jones, Yung Joc, and Young Jeezy (in that order) and a new verse by Gorilla Zoe, the remix was released as an edited version.
Initially, another leaked remix featured just Jeezy's verse, while yet another featured Jeezy and Big Boi's verses, as well as a verse by Trae. There is also another remix featuring Jermaine Dupri. Also a Miami Remix featuring Rick Ross & Pitbull has made its way onto the mixtape circuit. Another remix featuring Lil Wayne and Birdman has also made its way into the song.
Philadelphia rapper Cassidy released a remix over the instrumental featuring his Larsiny Family rap group.
New York rapper Jae Millz released a remix over the instrumental called "Fly Nigga" on his "Zone Out Season" mixtape.
California rapper Tyga released a remix over the instrumental of the same name of the Jae Millz's instrumental (Fly Nigga) which was supposed to be in the album No Introduction and of which there is an official video available on YouTube.
West Coast rapper Jay Rock released a remix over the instrumental called "Blood Nigga" along with a video available on YouTube.
Chart performance
"Hood Nigga" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 on the week ending August 11, 2007 at number 100. Twelve weeks later, it peaked at number 38 on the week ending November 3, 2007 and stayed on the chart for twenty weeks after leaving the chart. This is Gorilla Zoe's only top 40 hit on that chart, to date.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
The Hip Hop Dictionary
2007 singles
2007 songs
Gorilla Zoe songs
Bad Boy Records singles
Songs written by Gorilla Zoe
Gennaro Sabatino (born 1 January 1993) is an Italian motorcycle racer. He currently races in the CIV Supersport 600 Championship aboard a Kawasaki ZX-6R.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
Italian motorcycle racers
Living people
1993 births
Sportspeople from the Province of Naples
125cc World Championship riders
Illidops is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are more than 30 described species in Illidops, found throughout most of the world.
Species
These 37 species belong to the genus Illidops:
Illidops albostigmalis van Achterberg & Fernández-Triana, 2017
Illidops aridus Penteado-Dias & Scatolini, 2000
Illidops assimilis (Papp, 1976)
Illidops azamgarhensis (Ahmad, 2005)
Illidops barcinonensis (Marshall, 1898)
Illidops bellicosus (Papp, 1977)
Illidops blandus (Tobias & Kotenko, 1986)
Illidops butalidis (Marshall, 1889)
Illidops buteonis (Kotenko, 1986)
Illidops cloelia (Nixon, 1965)
Illidops dauricus Kotenko, 2007
Illidops electilis (Tobias, 1964)
Illidops keralensis (Narendran & Sumodan, 1992)
Illidops kostjuki (Kotenko, 1986)
Illidops kostylevi (Kotenko, 1986)
Illidops lamprosemae (Ahmad, 2005)
Illidops mutabilis (Telenga, 1955)
Illidops naso (Marshall, 1885)
Illidops nigritegula (Tobias & Kotenko, 1986)
Illidops paranaensis Penteado-Dias & Scatolini, 2000
Illidops perseveratus (Papp, 1977)
Illidops planiscapus (Tobias, 1976)
Illidops rostratus (Tobias, 1976)
Illidops scutellaris (Muesebeck, 1921)
Illidops sophrosine (Nixon, 1976)
Illidops splendidus (Papp, 1974)
Illidops subversor (Tobias & Kotenko, 1986)
Illidops suevus (Reinhard, 1880)
Illidops suffectus (Tobias & Kotenko, 1986)
Illidops terrestris Wharton, 1983
Illidops tigris (Kotenko, 1986)
Illidops toreicus Kotenko, 2007
Illidops trabea (Nixon, 1965)
Illidops urgens Kotenko, 2004
Illidops urgo (Nixon, 1965)
Illidops uvidus Penteado-Dias & Scatolini, 2000
Illidops vitobiasi Kotenko, 2004
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
The women's 20 kilometres walk event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 12 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Racewalking at the African Championships in Athletics
Jeremiah Phillips(1812–1879) was an American Baptist missionary to the Santals under the Free Baptist Missionary Society in India.
He is credited for opening up the first educational facility for the Santals and a farming colony for the Christian Santals at Jellasore, Odisha(formerly Orissa). He also reduced the language of Santals to writing and introduced a written system of clerical administration and missionary work among Santal tribals—laying the foundation of the Bengal–Orissa Baptist Mission among the Bengali people, Odia people, and Santals.
Biography
He was born to Parley Phillips and Hannah (Crumb) Phillips on 5 January 1812 at Plainfield, New York, US. He was graduated from Hamilton Literary & Theological Institution - later changed its name to Colgate University. While at the university, Amos Sutton from the English General Baptist mission in India visited America and addressed the students of the university and several other schools inspiring Phillips and others to devote their life to missionary service. He was among the first appointees of the Free Will Baptist Foreign Mission Society, organised in 1832 in Maine, USA, for sending missionaries to India at the invitation of the General Baptist missionaries from England, working already in Orissa; accordingly, he was ordained in 1835 as a Minister and missionary to India. He married Mary Spaulding Beede, first wife, on 15 September 1835. At the age of twenty-three, he sailed along with his colleague Eli Noyes [he left India after four years], Amos Sutton, their wives, and several other missionaries [fifteen] arrived Calcutta in 1836 as missionaries under the Free Baptist missionary society in India. He and Eli Noyes were moved from Calcutta and stationed at Majurbhanj, Orissa, where the Baptists from England had already started their work among the Odia. While at the station Sambalpur, his first wife died on 3 November 1837. Sambalpur station was given up in 1828, moved to Balasore station, and later to Jellasore station in 1840. In 1839, he married Mary Ann[e] Grimsditch, second wife from Serampore, but she fell sick and died of fever in August 1940 at Midnapore - now in West Bengal state. Mary Ann Grimsditch bore two twin sons: James and John.
He married Hannah M. Cummings, third wife and daughter of Thomas Cummings and Hannah Webster, on 12 February 1841—Hannah Cummings arrived India on 12 September 1840 and was appointed as a missionary to India at the age of 20 - they were blessed with ten children, where eight of them were born at Jellasore, Orissa. He along with his wife served at Cuttack, Sambalpur, Balasore, Jellasore, and later at Midnapore.
He came to India as a missionary to the Santals— aboriginal tribes predominant in Orissa, West Bengal, Assam, Bihar, and Jharkhand. He devised a writing system for the Santal language using the Bengali script, and translated parts of Gospel of Matthew into Santali in that script. He opened up the first educational facility for the Santals in Jellasore in 1845, established a farming colony of Christian Santals in 1852, and whereby instrumental in introducing written systems over the local vernaculars - essential for clerical administration and missionary activities. He published An Introduction to the Santal Language in 1852, and translated parts of the Bible into the Santali language. He also produced a grammar and dictionary that combined with schools ultimately resulted in village transformation.
He returned to the United States in 1855 due to ill-health, and settled on a farm in Midwest - USA. He came back to India in 1865 and opened a teachers training school in 1866. He went back to the United States in 1879 after almost 44 years stay in India and died on 9 December 1879. In 1911, the merger of Free Will Baptists with the Northern Baptists brought the oversight of the mission to the American Baptist Foreign Mission Society.
Works
The Sántáls.
(Santal) Gospel of Matthew
(Santal) Gospel of John.
An introduction to the Sántál language.
A Santali Primer.
References
External links
The Freewill Baptist Quarterly (1853-1869) - Foreign Mission Reports (1835-1880)
An introduction to the Sántál language : consisting of a grammar, reading lessons, and a vocabulary - Author: J. Phillips
Emily Louisa PHILLIPS : daughter of Jeremiah PHILLIPS and Hannah Webster CUMMINGS
The American Baptist magazine, Volume 15 - By Baptist General Convention. Board of Managers, Massachusetts Baptist Missionary Society
Christianity among the Santals
Freewill Baptist missionaries in India included Lavina Crawford, Rev. Jeremiah Phillips, Mrs.Mary Ann (Grimsditch) Phillips, Mrs. Hannah (Cummings) Phillips, Rev. Otis R. Bacheler, Mrs. Sarah P. (Merrill) Bacheler, Mrs. Dorcas (Folsom) Smith, Rev. James L. Phillips, Mrs. Mary R. (Sayles) Phillips, Rev. Thomas Wesley Burkholder, Mrs. Julia E. (Phillips) Burkholder, Lavinia Coombs, and others.
1812 births
1879 deaths
Baptist missionaries from the United States
Baptist missionaries in India
Free Will Baptists
People from Plainfield, New York
American expatriates in India
Baptists from New York (state)
Black Velvet may refer to:
Music and entertainment
The Black Velvets, an English rock band
"Black Velvet" (song), a 1989 song by Alannah Myles
"Black Velvet", a song by Ferry Corsten from the 2008 album Twice in a Blue Moon
"Black Velvet", a song by Gass from the 1970 album Juju
Black Velvet (Robin Lee album), 1990, featuring a cover of the song "Black Velvet"
Black Velvet (O'Donel Levy album), 1971
Black Velvet (revue), a revue at the London Hippodrome in 1939
"Black Velvet", the former stage name taken by Charles Bradley when he performed as a James Brown impersonator
Black Velvet (Charles Bradley album)
Black Velvet (magazine), a British quarterly rock magazine
Black Velvet or Schwarzer Samt, a 1964 German crime film
"Don'cha Go 'Way Mad", a song originally recorded in 1949 as an instrumental called "Black Velvet"
Beverages
Black Velvet (whisky), a Canadian whiskey
Black Velvet (beer cocktail), a mixed drink
Other uses
Black Velvet, a fabric
Velvet painting, the application of paint onto velvet fabric
Black Velvet Travel, which operates a bus company in Eastleigh, Southampton
USS General LeRoy Eltinge (AP-154) was a for the US Navy in World War II. She was named in honor of US Army general LeRoy Eltinge. She was transferred to the US Army as USAT General LeRoy Eltinge in 1946. On 20 July 1950 she was transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS) as USNS General LeRoy Eltinge (T-AP-154). She was later sold for commercial use and operated under the names SS Robert E. Lee and SS Robert Toombs, before being scrapped in 1980.
Operational history
General LeRoy Eltinge (AP-154) was launched 20 September 1944 by Kaiser Shipbuilding Co., Inc., Yard 3, Richmond, California; sponsored by Mrs. James McCloud; acquired by the Navy and commissioned 21 February 1945.
After shakedown out of San Diego, General LeRoy Eltinge departed San Pedro 23 March with 3,100 troops for Calcutta, India, arriving 27 April via Melbourne, Australia. Underway 7 May with more troops, she debarked some at Tinian and others at Guam, before arriving San Francisco 27 June with 1,161 troops embarked at Pearl Harbor. She sailed 20 June for Magic-Carpet duty in the Atlantic, arriving Norfolk 14 July. Between 30 July and 14 September she made two round trips from Norfolk to Marseille, France, to transport 6,206 home-bound veterans. On 29 September she departed Norfolk for Karachi, India, where she embarked veterans for Magic-Carpet passage to the United States, arriving New York 11 November.
Clearing New York 29 November for further duty in the Pacific, General LeRoy Eltinge carried replacement troops to the Canal Zone, proceeded to Shanghai and the Philippines and returned to Seattle, Washington, 26 January 1946 with veterans embarked at Manila. On a voyage from 3 March to 6 April she carried rotation troops to Korea and returned veterans to Seattle, before departing 27 April for New York. She arrived 13 May, decommissioned 29 May, was returned to the Maritime Commission and stricken from the Navy List June 1946.
In 1949, the General LeRoy Eltinge was used to transport emigrants from Displaced Persons camps of World War II.
Reacquired 20 July 1950, from Maritime Commission General LeRoy Eltinge joined MSTS 1 August while operating in the Western Pacific. After joining MSTS, she participated in several major troop and refugee operations. For more than a year she transported troops from Seattle and San Francisco to Japan and Korea. In October 1951 she supported the International Refugee Program, making two trips from New York to Bremerhaven, Germany. The following year she made several runs for the United Nations, including the transportation of Dutch troops from Rotterdam to Korea. During 1953 she carried additional refugees from Bremerhaven to New York and transported Ethiopian and Greek troops to Korea. Her MSTS service continued until she was placed in reduced operational status 26 November 1955 at New York.
General LeRoy Eltinge resumed operations between the United States and Europe 18 May 1956. Following the Hungarian Revolution 23 October – 4 November 1956, she supported the refugee relief program; and during December she embarked several thousand refugees at Bremerhaven for passage to the United States. The 2007 documentary film Freedom Dance, which follows artist Edward Hilbert and his wife, Judy, during their escape from Hungary includes an account of this voyage of General LeRoy Eltinge. The ship suffered through a large storm during the crossing of the Atlantic.
From May to September 1957 she made UN runs to Turkey and Thailand. After the Lebanon crisis of July 1958, she conducted two voyages to Beirut during October to return troops to France and Germany; General LeRoy Eltinge had the distinction of hauling the final load of troops out of Beirut.
She continued to operate in support of UN programs through 1959. While en route from New York to İzmir Turkey and under the command of Capt John C Nissen-Wiis, 24 August 1960 she assisted in the rescue of 26 survivors from SS Halcyon Mediterranean, which had collided with tanker off the coast of Spain. Returning to New York 1 September, she again assumed reduced operational status 26 September.
Following the outbreak of violence in the Belgian Congo in July 1960, General LeRoy Eltinge departed New York 20 February 1961 to support the UN peace mission. After lifting a cargo of famine relief supplies to Pointe-Noire, Congo Republic 11 March; she steamed, via Cape Town, South Africa, to Port Swettenham, Malaya and Bombay, India to embark 1207 troops for the UN Congo operations. Departing Bombay 15 April, she debarked troops and supplies at Mombasa, Kenya, and Dar es Salaam, Tanganyika. After operating along the African coast from Nigeria to South Africa, she was released from UN operations and departed Cape Town for the United States 13 May, arriving New York 30 May. She returned to reduced operational status 29 June. Departing New York 16 July 1962, she sailed via the Panama Canal to San Francisco where she arrived 1 August to resume reserve status.
In response to the mounting crisis in South Vietnam, she returned to service 13 May 1965 and embarked from Oakland, CA 2,497 troops of the 101st Airborne Division, an Engineering Battalion, the 510th Engineer Co., Maintenance DS, for Southeast Asia. Painted entirely gray, and not in the best of condition, the ship lost all power on seven occasions and was stranded at sea until it was towed to Midway Island. The troops were allowed to disembark for one afternoon and relax on the beach. They waited for another World War II carrier to take them to Cam Ranh Bay, Vietnam, after stops in Manila and Subic Bay, the Philippines. One of the paratroopers, and many others, wondered what battle General Eltinge had lost to have such an apparently sorry ship named after him.
In late November 1965 General LeRoy Eltinge again supported the US escalation in South Vietnam and Southeast Asia through sealifts of men and supplies from west coast ports to the Far East. Her cargo included the 1st Infantry Division, the first full infantry division transported to the Vietnam War. Along with the more than 1,500 infantry troops were selected members of the 519th Military Intelligence Battalion from Fort Bragg, North Carolina. In September 1966, the Eltinge transported the 2nd Battalion (175mm) 94th Field Artillery from San Francisco to Da Nang, Vietnam with a stop at Okinawa. She returned to San Francisco in January 1967, underwent overhaul, was transferred to the Maritime Commission, and was placed in ready reserve status as part of the National Defense Reserve Fleet.
In 1968, General LeRoy Eltinge was sold for commercial use to Waterman Carriers, Inc. of New York and rebuilt as a 10,562 gross ton general cargo ship at Portland. In December 1969 she was renamed SS Robert E. Lee, and she was renamed Robert Toombs in September 1973. In April 1980 the ship was scrapped at Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
Notes
References
External links
LeRoy Eltinge
Transport ships of the United States Army
Korean War auxiliary ships of the United States
Cold War auxiliary ships of the United States
Vietnam War auxiliary ships of the United States
Ships built in Richmond, California
1944 ships
Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet
Oscar Clifford Bell (March 15, 1880 – August 1, 1936) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Monmouth College in Monmouth, Illinois, where he led his team to two successful seasons in 1905 and 1906. His squads recorded a record of 18–1. In 1907, he moved to North Missouri Normal School of the First District—now known as Truman State University—in Kirksville, Missouri, where his teams compiled a record of 13–7 inthree seasons. Bell played college football for one season, in 1900, at the University of Illinois.
References
1880 births
1936 deaths
American football fullbacks
Illinois Fighting Illini football players
Monmouth Fighting Scots football coaches
Truman Bulldogs football coaches
High school football coaches in Ohio
People from Henderson County, Illinois
Players of American football from Illinois
Guaifer (also Waifer, Waifar, or Gaideris) was the prince of Benevento from 878, the death of his uncle Adelchis, to his own death a short three years later, in 881. Guaifer was the son of Radelgar, but he was too young to succeed on his father's death in 854 and so had to await the death of his uncle first.
In 879, during the contest over the throne of Capua and its diocese, he came to the aid of Pandenulf against his own brother-in-law, Lando III.
881 deaths
Lombard warriors
People from Benevento
Princes of Benevento
9th-century rulers in Europe
9th-century Lombard people
Year of birth unknown
The Țibleș is a right tributary of the river Someșul Mare in Romania. Its source is in the Țibleș Mountains. It discharges into the Someșul Mare in Mocod. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Bistrița-Năsăud County
Chalgari or chhalgari is town and union council of Kachhi District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It is located at an altitude of 82 metres (272 feet).
References
Populated places in Kachhi District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
The Ukrainian Cup 1999–2000 was the ninth annual edition of Ukraine's football knockout competition, known as the Ukrainian Cup. The winner of this competition was Dynamo Kyiv, beating FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih in the final.
The format of competition was completely changed. The competition itself started on March 11, 2000 with 32 teams: 16 from the Premier League, 14 from the First League, and both finalists of the Second League cup. The Second League Cup took place in the late 1999 involving some 44 teams out which two finalists qualified for the Ukrainian Cup. Those finalists later also played a final game for the competition's trophy in May 2000.
Round and draw dates
All draws held at FFU headquarters (Building of Football) in Kyiv unless stated otherwise.
Competition schedule
First Round
Notes:
Second Round
Quarterfinals
Notes:
Semifinals
Notes:
Final
See also
1999–2000 Ukrainian Second League Cup
Ukrainian Cup seasons
Cup
Ukrainian Cup
The Writers Guild of America Award for Television: Long Form – Original is an award presented by the Writers Guild of America to the writers of the best long-form program not based on the previously published material of the season. It has been awarded since the 49th Annual Writers Guild of America Awards in 1996.
Through the 70s and 80s, numerous categories were presented to recognize writing for long-form programs, some of them were for anthology series or limited series while others also included television films as "long form". The divisions between original and adapted were presented in some of the categories presented during these years, though not all of them.
Since the 39th Writers Guild of America Awards in 1976, two categories are presented to recognize the writing in long form television media, these two categories remain to this day and are: Long Form – Original and Long Form – Adapted.
Name History
Best Anthology Original (1975, 1978)
Best Original Comedy Anthology (1982-1983)
Best Original Drama Anthology (1982-1985)
Best Original/Adapted Comedy Anthology (1984-1985)
Best Original/Adapted Multi-Part Long Form Series (1984)
Best Anthology Episode/Single Program (1986-1990)
Best Long Form - Original (1986-present)
Winners and nominees
The year indicates when each season aired. Single winner of the years is left unmarked while other winners are highlighted in gold and in bold.
1970s
Best Anthology Original
1980s
Best Original Comedy Anthology
Best Original Drama Anthology
Best Original/Adapted Comedy Anthology
Best Original/Adapted Multi-Part Long Form Series
Best Anthology Episode/Single Program
Best Long Form - Original
1990s
Best Anthology Episode/Single Program
Best Long Form - Original
2000s
2010s
2020s
References
External links
Screenplay
Predrag Filipović (Serbian Cyrillic: Предраг Филиповић; born 5 October 1978) is a Serbian racewalker. He competed for Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Summer Olympics and finished 39th in the 20-kilometre walk with a time of 1:31:35. He represented Serbia at the 2008, 2012 and 2016 Olympics, and placed 41st and 48th in the 20 km walk in 2008 and 2012, respectively. In 2016, he finished 50th in the 50 km walk. His twin brother Nenad competed alongside at the 2008, 2012 and 2016 Olympics.
Achievements
See also
Serbian records in athletics
References
External links
(archive)
1978 births
Living people
Serbian male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Serbia
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Serbia and Montenegro
Sportspeople from Leskovac
The Santa Marta wren (Troglodytes monticola) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is endemic to Colombia.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Santa Marta wren has often been treated a subspecies of mountain wren (Troglodytes solstitialis). The South American Classification Committee of the American Ornithological Society (SACC/AOS) considers those two, ochraceous wren (T. achraceus), rufous-browed wren (T. rufociliatus), and tepui wren (T. rufulus) to be a superspecies.
The Santa Marta wren is monotypic.
Description
The Santa Marta wren is long. The adult's crown and upperparts are rufous brown with blackish barring on the lower back. The tail is brown and also has dark barring. It has a buffy supercilium and eyering. Its chin is pale buff that darkens to buffy brown on the throat and chest. Its flanks are buffy white with dark brown bars and the vent area white with blackish bars. The juvenile is similar but has dark tips on the feathers of the back and underparts.
Distribution and habitat
The Santa Marta wren is found only in the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta of northern Colombia. It inhabits the edges of elfin forest, páramo, and scrub at tree line. In elevation it ranges from .
Behavior
Feeding
The Santa Marta wren forages from the ground to middle levels and sometimes joins mixed species foraging flocks. No information on its diet has been published.
Breeding
No information on the Santa Marta wren's breeding phenology has been published.
Vocalization
The Santa Marta wren's song has not been formally described. Its call is a repeated "di-di".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Santa Marta wren as Critically Endangered. Its population is estimated to be fewer than 250 adults. It "is largely contained within Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta National Park; but, despite supposedly protected status of the area, forest destruction, overgrazing and burning continue almost unabated."
References
Santa Marta wren
Birds of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta
Endemic birds of Colombia
Critically endangered animals
Critically endangered biota of South America
Santa Marta wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Battle of Tamarón took place on 4 September 1037 between Ferdinand, Count of Castile, and Vermudo III, King of León. Ferdinand, who had married Vermudo's sister Sancha, defeated and killed his brother-in-law near Tamarón, Spain, after a brief war. As a result, Ferdinand succeeded Vermudo on the throne.
Ferdinand's father, Sancho the Great, who was jure uxoris Count of Castile, had entrusted his son with the county as early as 1029. In 1034 he had conquered the imperial city of León and forced Vermudo to take refuge in remote Galicia. After Sancho's death in 1035 Vermudo returned to León and launched a war for control of the Tierra de Campos, the territory between the Cea and Pisuerga rivers, long disputed with Castile (which was nominally a Leonese vassal). The dispute dated back to the tenth century. Under Sancho the Great the region had been united to Castile, and Ferdinand considered it as his wife's dowry. Recently, Gonzalo Martínez Díez has disputed this thesis, first enunciated by the Historia silense in the 1110s. He finds no evidence for any discord between Castile and León in the years 1035–7, and the lands between the Cea and Pisuerga, controlled by his father, do not seem to have been controlled by Ferdinand.
What is certain is that the war in which he lost his life was initiated by Vermudo. Ferdinand, who also had a claim to be the heirless Vermudo's successor through his wife, was forced to call on his brother García Sánchez III of Navarre, because the Leonese forces greatly outnumbered his own. In the ensuing battle, Vermudo fell from his horse, Pelayueol, and was surrounded and killed while trying to approach Ferdinand. Seven of his knights died with him. Autopsies performed in the twentieth century showed that he had received forty lance wounds, many in the lower abdomen, typical for dismounted knights. After the death of Vermudo his army probably evaporated; there is no further discussion of the battle in the sources: the king's body is said to have been carried off the field. After his victory Ferdinand took possession of León after a brief siege and was accepted as Vermudo's successor, though he was not crowned in León until 22 June 1038. Vermudo was buried in the Panteón de los Reyes in the Basilica of San Isidoro in his capital.
According to the Historia silense, Chronica naierensis, and Chronicon mundi, Vermudo "crossed the Cantabrian border" (transiecto Cantabriensium limite), i.e., the Pisuerga, and engaged Ferdinand super vallem Tamaron. This is Tamarón, a suburb of Burgos in the valley of the Sambol. The location of the battle in Támara de Campos was first made in the thirteenth century by Rodrigo Jiménez de Rada. Támara has never been called Tamarón, nor is it in a valley, though Rodrigo placed the battle near the river Carrión probably out of a confusion between the two.
The earliest source to explicitly date the battle is Pelagius of Oviedo, who writes that Vermudo died in his tenth year (which he incorrectly makes 1032, though it was in fact 1037). The last document in which Vermudo appears is a donation to the Monastery of Celanova on 9 June 1037. A document of 9 January 1038 refers to the reign of Ferdinand. These dates represent the termini post quem and ante quem of the battle (Vermudo's death). A certain psalter that once belonged to Ferdinand preserves the obituary Ovitum Veremudi regis in bello pugnator fortis die IV feria mensis septembris era TLXXV ("Vermudo, king of Oviedo, in war a strong fighter, the fourth day of the month of September in the Era 1075").
Notes
References
Bishko, Charles Julian. 1980. "Liturgical Intercession at Cluny For the King-Emperors of León." Spanish and Portuguese Monastic History, 600–1300. London: Variorum Reprints. First published in Studia Monastica, 7 (1961).
Bishko, Charles Julian. 1980. "Fernando I and the Origins of the Leonese-Castilian Alliance With Cluny." Studies in Medieval Spanish Frontier History. London: Variorum Reprints. Originally published in Cuadernos de Historia de España, 47(1968):31–135, and 48(1969):30–116.
Martínez Díez, Gonzalo. 2005. El condado de Castilla, 711–1038: La historia frente a la leyenda. Marcial Pons Historia. Cf. pp. 724–28.
Martínez Díez, Gonzalo. 2007. Sancho el Mayor: Rey de Pamplona, Rex Ibericus. Marcial Pons Historia. Cf. pp. 197–202.
Reilly, Bernard F. 1982. The Kingdom of León-Castilla under Queen Urraca, 1109–1126. Princeton: Princeton University Press.
Reilly, Bernard F. 1988. The Kingdom of León-Castilla under King Alfonso VI, 1065–1109. Princeton: Princeton University Press.
Conflicts in 1037
Tamaron
Tamaron
Tamaron
11th century in the Kingdom of León
1037 in Europe
History of the province of Burgos
Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway Locomotives comprised
twelve passenger locomotives (ordered 1838) and two goods locomotives (ordered 1841). When the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway (B&DJR) amalgamated with the Midland Counties Railway and the North Midland Railway to form the Midland Railway (MR) in May 1844, the former B&DJR locomotives were given MR numbers; previously they had been named, but not numbered. Most were renumbered in February 1847.
Locomotive summary
Passenger
Wheel arrangement was 2-2-2. All had 12 inches by 18 inch cylinders and 5 foot 6-inch driving wheels. First to be delivered in 1839 were those from Mather Dixon, with 'Tamworth' being used for the inaugural run.
Mather, Dixon and Company, Liverpool: 'Barton','Tamworth' and 'Hampton'.
Charles Tayleur and Company, The Vulcan Foundry, Newton-le-Willows: 'Derby', 'Burton', 'Birmingham'.
R and W Hawthorn Ltd, Newcastle upon Tyne: 'Anker','Tame', Blythe'
Sharp, Roberts and Company, Manchester: 'Derwent, 'Trent', 'Dove'.
Goods
Wheel arrangement was 0-4-2. These had 5 foot driving wheels.
Thompson & Cole, Little Bolton,: 'Kingsbury', 'Willington'.
Stock list
References
External links
The Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway
Locomotives by railway
2-2-2 locomotives
0-4-2 locomotives
Midland Railway locomotives
Von Mensch zu Mensch (German for From Person to Person) is the tenth and final studio album by the German band Unheilig, which was released on November 4, 2016
Track listing
Limited Deluxe DVD Track Listing
Ein Letztes Mal Tournee 2016
May, 13 - Bad Segeberg, Germany - Freilichttheater am Kalkberg
June, 3 - Hannover, Germany - Gilde Parkbühne
June, 4 - Zwickau, Germany - Flugplatz Zwickau
June, 19 - Munich, Germany - Königplatz
June, 25 - Baunatal, Germany - Parkstadion
June, 30 - Straubing, Germany - Bluetone Festival
July, 1 - Graz, Austria - Freiluftarena B (Messe)
July, 2 - Vienna, Austria - Krieau Open Air
July, 15 - Rostock, Germany - IGA Park
July, 16 - Berlin, Germany - Kindl Bühne Wuhlheide
July, 22 - Emmendingen, Germany - IEM Music Festival
July, 23 - Erfurt, Germany - Freigelände Messehalle Erfurt
July, 24 - Aspach, Germany - Mechatronik Arena
July, 29 - Norderney, Germany - Summertime at Norderney
July, 30 - Saarbrücken, Germany - Messe
July, 31 - Weinheim, Germany - Schlosspark
August, 5 - Rothenburg ob der Tauber, Germany - Eisweise
August, 6 - Dresden - Filmnächte am Elbufer
August, 12 - Mönchengladbach, Germany - SparkassenPark Mönchengladbach
August, 13 - Coburg, Germany - HUK Coburg Open Air Sommer
August, 20 - Ulm, Germany - Kloster Wiblingen
August, 27 - Magdeburg, Germany - Domplatz
September, 2 - Bremerhaven - Open Air Wilhelm-Kaisen-Platz
September, 3 - Ochtrup, Germany - Sportplatz Alte Maate
September, 10 - Köln, Germany - RheinEnergieStadion
Certifications and sales
Charts
References
Unheilig albums
2016 albums
Outlawed terror organisations in New Zealand includes the designation of terrorist entities as a measure the New Zealand Government has established under the Terrorism Suppression Act 2002 (TSA). The aim of the list of outlawed organisations is to contribute to the international campaign against terrorism. The Act provides for a list of terrorist entities to be established and maintained. The New Zealand Police are responsible for coordinating any requests to the Prime Minister for designation as a terrorist entity. Implications for such designation include outlawing the financing of, participation in and recruitment to, terrorist entities. Designation under New Zealand legislation results in the freezing of any assets of terrorist entities; it is a criminal offence to participate in or support the activities of the designated terrorist entity.
List of designated terror organisations
As of June 2022, the following groups (and all associated individuals or organisations) are designated as terrorist entities:
See also
Outlawed terror organisations in Australia
References
Terrorism in New Zealand
Illegal organizations
New Zealand
Declan Walsh is an Irish author and journalist who is the Chief Africa Correspondent for The New York Times. Walsh was expelled from Pakistan in May 2013—an experience he wrote about in his 2020 book The Nine Lives of Pakistan: Dispatches from a Precarious State—but continued covering the country from London.
Early life and career
Walsh was educated in Dublin, receiving a BComm International from University College Dublin and an MA in Journalism from Dublin City University. Walsh started his career at The Sunday Business Post in 1998. A year later he won an Irish national media award for Social and Campaigning Journalism and moved to Kenya to work as a freelance journalist. Based in Nairobi, Walsh travelled widely across sub-Saharan Africa to report for The Independent of London and The Irish Times. In 2004 he joined The Guardian as the paper's correspondent for Afghanistan and Pakistan and moved to Islamabad, Pakistan. In January 2012 he moved to The New York Times as its Pakistan bureau chief. Following his expulsion from Pakistan, Walsh assumed the position of Cairo bureau chief for The New York Times after which he moved to Nairobi, Kenya, as the paper's Chief Africa Correspondent.
Expulsion from Pakistan
Walsh was expelled from Pakistan in May 2013—an experience he wrote about in his 2020 book The Nine Lives of Pakistan: Dispatches from a Precarious State—but continued covering the country from London.
On 9 May 2013, Walsh learned by letter that the Pakistan Ministry of Interior, citing "undesirable activities", cancelled his visas that had been valid until January 2014 and he had 72 hours to leave the country. On 11 May 2013, while he was in public reporting on Pakistan's general election and voting behaviour in Lahore, state security officials detained him in a hotel and escorted him to the airport the following morning.
The New York Times and other international media organisations protested his expulsion, which was seen as counter to Pakistan's current policy on democracy and freedom of the press. Pakistani news media later reported that Walsh had been placed on Pakistan's official "blacklist" and had been declared "persona non grata".
In March 2014 Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif assured a visiting delegation from the Committee to Protect Journalists that an "immediate review" of incident would be conducted. The Sharif statement was an encouragement to the editor of the New York Times, Jill Abramson.
Walsh's case was outlined in detail in "A Bullet has been chosen for you: Attacks on journalists in Pakistan", a report by Amnesty International on declining media freedom in Pakistan, which was published in April 2014.
Escaping arrest in Egypt
In 2017, Walsh barely escaped being arrested in Egypt. New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger announced this event in a 23 September 2019 presentation at Brown University, which was also published as an OpEd in the paper:
"Two years ago, we got a call from a United States government official warning us of the imminent arrest of a New York Times reporter based in Egypt named Declan Walsh. Though the news was alarming, the call was actually fairly standard. Over the years, we've received countless such warnings from American diplomats, military leaders and national security officials.
"But this particular call took a surprising and distressing turn. We learned the official was passing along this warning without the knowledge or permission of the Trump administration. Rather than trying to stop the Egyptian government or assist the reporter, the official believed, the Trump administration intended to sit on the information and let the arrest be carried out. The official feared being punished for even alerting us to the danger.
"Unable to count on our own government to prevent the arrest or help free Declan if he were imprisoned, we turned to his native country, Ireland, for help. Within an hour, Irish diplomats traveled to his house and safely escorted him to the airport before Egyptian forces could detain him.
"We hate to imagine what would have happened had that brave official not risked their career to alert us to the threat."
Books
In 2020, Walsh published The Nine Lives of Pakistan: Dispatches from a Precarious State— The book was listed as one of The Telegraph's Books of the Year and received praise in the New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, and The Irish Times. In 2021, Walsh received the Overseas Press Club of America Cornelius Ryan Award for best nonfiction book on international affairs.
References
The New York Times people
Irish journalists
Living people
The Independent people
The Guardian journalists
Irish expatriates in Pakistan
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Irish male writers
Place of birth missing (living people)
The WNBA Finals are the championship series of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) and the conclusion of the league's postseason each fall. The series was named the WNBA Championship until 2002. Starting 2016 Verizon is the official sponsor.
The series is played between the winners of the playoff semifinals. At the conclusion of the championship round, the winner of the WNBA Finals is presented the championship trophy. The WNBA Finals has been played at the conclusion of every WNBA season in history, the first being held in 1997.
Since 2005, the winner of the WNBA Finals has been determined through a 2–2–1 format. The first, second, and fifth games of the series are played at the arena of the team who earned home court advantage by having the better record during the regular season.
History
The WNBA's playoff format has changed several times in the league's history. From 1997 to 1998, a single championship game was held to decide the champion. In 1998, after the addition of two teams, the WNBA Finals were turned into a best-of-three games series. The finale series was known as the WNBA Championship from 1997 to 2001, before changing to reflect its NBA counterpart. In 2005, the WNBA Finals adopted a best-of-five format. In 2016, the WNBA changed to its current playoff format seeding teams #1 through #8 regardless of conference making it possible for two Eastern Conferences or two Western Conference teams to meet in the Finals.
Highlights
In 2001, the #4 seed Charlotte Sting was the lowest seed to make the WNBA Finals.
The 2003 Finals was best known for rekindling a heated rivalry between the two teams' head coaches, Los Angeles Sparks head coach Michael Cooper and former Detroit Shock head coach Bill Laimbeer. Both coaches were fierce NBA competitors who played in the NBA Finals against each other in 1988 and 1989.
2006 marked the first time that a #1 seed did not participate in the WNBA Finals. Detroit and Sacramento were both #2 seeds.
The New York Liberty and Connecticut Sun have the most Finals appearances (4) without winning a championship.
The Minnesota Lynx are the sixth team to win multiple championships (following Houston, Los Angeles, Detroit, Phoenix and Seattle, respectively).
2006 marked the first time that the team with the best point-differential in the regular-season did not win the WNBA Finals or even advance to the WNBA finals. The Connecticut Sun had the best point differential in '06 but was ousted by the Shock in the Eastern Conference Finals.
The Detroit Shock hosted the three largest crowds in Finals History (22,076 in Game 3 of 2003 WNBA Finals, 19,671 in Game 5 of 2006 WNBA Finals and 22,076 in Game 5 of the 2007 WNBA Finals)
Only five Eastern Conference franchises have won the WNBA Finals: the 1997 Houston Comets (who moved to the Western Conference the following year); the Detroit Shock (who are now in the Western Conference first as Tulsa, now as Dallas), the Indiana Fever in 2012, the Washington Mystics in 2019, and the Chicago Sky in 2021.
The 2007 game-five win by the Phoenix Mercury marked the first time in WNBA history that a team won the Finals while playing on their opponent's home court.
In 2008 the San Antonio Silver Stars became the first team in the history of the WNBA Finals to be swept in a five-game series losing to the Detroit Shock.
The 2009 Finals series saw around a 60% increase in viewership from the previous season's series.
The 2011 WNBA Finals was the first coached by two women.
In 2014, the Chicago Sky became the first team to appear in the WNBA Finals with a sub-.500 record.
In 2016, the Los Angeles Sparks won by one point despite a later announcement by the WNBA that officials missed an earlier shot-clock violation at 1:14, which should not have counted.
Finals appearances
Statistics below refer to series wins and losses, not individual game wins and losses.
Teams in red have folded and can no longer reach the WNBA Finals.
1Folded following 2006 season
2Folded following 2008 season
3Relocated from Detroit to Tulsa following 2009 season & Dallas following 2015 season
4Folded following 2009 season
5 Relocated from Utah to San Antonio 2003 and to Las Vegas 2018
Records
This table shows a list of records through the history of the WNBA Finals.
See also
References
External links
WNBA.com
Recurring sporting events established in 1997
Lists of sports championships
The Taino were the indigenous people of the Caribbean and the principal inhabitants of Cuba, the Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, and Puerto Rico. Caribbean archaeologists have theorized that by the mid 16th century the native people of the Caribbean were extinct. However, the story of Taino extinction may not be the case according to recent research and archaeological findings.
Early Spanish colonization in the Caribbean has been relatively well documented, with textual evidence that has driven interpretations about the Taino in academic literature. But, recent archaeological findings in Puerto Rico, Cuba, and the Dominican Republic have help shed light to the story of the Taino people.
Puerto Rican discoveries
In Puerto Rico, the land was initially populated by a pre-agricultural people during a period of occupation known as the Archaic. The most significant data to be released from this period of occupation comes from the Maria del la Cruz cave; located on the northeastern side of the coastal town of Loiza. Typically, this period is characterized “by the absence of agriculture and pottery, semi-nomadic living in small bands, [with] frequent use of caves for shelter and burials ... [and] crude artifacts made of conch shells, flint and other stones.” In Puerto Rico, the Archaic period is recognized by pebble-grinders, pitted hammer stones, and pebble chopper. With these discoveries, recent carbon samples were obtained from the Maria de la Cruz cave producing a date of 40±100 years A.D.. This date would indicate the entrance of the Archaic period began around the beginning of the Christian era.
Archaeologist Chris Espenshade found a midden mound and 400 burials in south-central Puerto Rico in Municipio Ponce. The burial site dates back to the research done in the Maria del la Cruz cave. The major occupations of the site were from 600 to 900 AD and from 1300 to 1500 AD.” Espenshade states the site contained “the presence of apparently extra-local pottery made by many different potters, the presence of extra-local faunal resources (including marine shellfish), the presence and use of pine resin from an off-island source, the strong representation of medicinal and ceremonial plants, the presence of suspected high-status foods, and the evidence for gathering and properly preparing porcupine fish consistent with the expectations of public ceremonies rather than everyday domestic activities.
Archaeologist Ricardo Alegria discovered similar evidence in 1948 of some of the earliest recorded agriculture and pottery remains at another site on the island known as the Hacienda Grande. The pottery in the area were characterized as “thin, hard, and fine-grained [sherds]… with varied, but bell-shaped bowls and flat-based bottles.”
Dominican discoveries
Historian Frank Moya Pons states during the early period of Spanish colonization in the Dominican Republic a process "of transculturation began whereby Taino's mixed within the Spanish population, together with African slaves, giving rise to a new Creole culture."
The most notable Taino site in the Dominican Republic is on the southeastern coast of the island at the mouth of the Yuma River known as El Atajadizo. The ceramics at this site include flint, coral, and stone tools dating back to about 300 BCE. According to researchers, multiple layers of occupation have given way to the development of a very large village about 1300 ACE old; centered by a cobblestone-paved plaza surrounding by public buildings.
Another notable Taino site is Chacuey, found on the northwestern side of the island along the Chacuey River. This site is well-known for its petroglyphs and impressive stonework of extensive enclosed plazas and sophisticated roadways. The plaza is approximately 600 meters long and enclosed by standing stones covered in petroglyphs of human-like faces leading to the river.
Cuban discoveries
In Cuba, the Archaic tradition is represented by the pre-ceramic findings of rock-shelters and coastal shell-midden sites. Therefore, some of the oldest sites on the island are located in caves and rock shelters on the interior valleys along the coast. These caves and shelters include ceramics like shell gouges, shell celts, vessels, and dishes made out of conch shells.
Levisa rock shelter, in the Levisa River valley, is the oldest found record of Archaic tools in Cuba dating to about 4000 BC. At this site, there is evidence of stone tools, such as hammerstones, shell artifacts, polished stone balls, and pendants.
Most of the Taino settlements in Cuba were located in the eastern part of the island with few containing burial sites and some examples of petroglyphs on the north side of the island as well. There are many examples of Taino sites in Cuba including La Campana, El Mango, and Pueblo Viejo archaeological sites. These sites are similar to each other in that they contain large plazas with enclosed areas.
References
Taíno
Caribbean people
Caribbean culture
Charles Stephen Trimmier (October 25, 1918 – January 23, 1967) was a Mobile, Alabama-area community leader and politician who served one term as the city's Public Works Commissioner (1961-1965), during which he also served two one-year terms as the city's Mayor. Both of his terms as Mayor of Mobile were when the title was co-extensive with the presidency of the City Commission.
Early and family life
Charles Trimmier was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to the former Elma Bross, and her steamfitter husband Buford Trimmier, who had been born in North Carolina. His eldest of three brothers, John Alden Trimmier, had been born 11 years earlier in Ohio, and his eldest of several sisters had been born in West Virginia, as had their mother. By 1930, his mother had moved with four daughters and two sons to Chicago, Illinois, where his 20-year-old daughter Helen supported them by working as a clerk at Bell Telephone company.
He married Lucille Elizabeth Anderson, who was active in several clubs in Mobile and survived him by four decades (d. 2007). They had a son, Charles S. Trimmier Jr., who survived them.
Career
In 1937, Trimmier enlisted in the Marines, but was discharged 2 years later. In 1940, Trimmier lived in Springfield, Illinois with his wife and worked for Continental National Bank. Trimmier enlisted in the Alabama Army National Guard on January 1, 1951, but was released on August 1, 1951, as the Korean War continued.
Political career
Trimmier defeated Mobile's incumbent public works commissioner Charlie Hackmeyer, and began his four-year term in 1961. He had criticized the incumbent administration, and Hackmeyer in particular for his support in Mobile's African-American community, such that in the general election the only incumbent commissioner re-elected was veteran Joseph N. Langan. ALthough facing a tax indictment, Trimmier formed a bi-racial Mobile Economic Commission to help secure federal funds for welfare programs in his city. Nonetheless, Lambert C. Mims, who had considerable support from his Baptist congregation, defeated Trimmier's re-election bid in 1965, and would win re-election numerous times, serving 20 years.
Meanwhile, 1964, Trimmier ran to represent Alabama's 1st congressional district, since the Mobile area effectively had no congressman after redistricting cost veteran Frank Boykin his seat. Trimmier survived the first May primary (in which Clara Stone Fields Collins was eliminated, but lost the runoff to John M. Tyson Sr., who then lost to Republican Jack Edwards in the general election.
Death and legacy
Trimmer died in a car crash near Spanish Fort, Baldwin County, Alabama on January 23, 1967. He is buried at Mobile's Memorial Stone Garden cemetery.
Trimmier Park at 3600 Alba Club Rd in Mobile was named after him.
References
Mayors of Mobile, Alabama
1918 births
1967 deaths
Road incident deaths in Alabama
20th-century American politicians
Christopher Dahl may refer to:
Christopher Dahl (administrator) (born 1946), President Emeritus of the State University of New York at Geneseo
Christopher Dahl (sailor) (1898–1966), Norwegian sailor
See also
Christoffer Dahl
Ken Parrish (born June 22, 1984) is a former American football punter. He was signed by the San Francisco 49ers as an undrafted free agent in 2007. He played college football at East Stroudsburg.
Parrish has also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles, New York Jets, Florida Tuskers, Atlanta Falcons, and Jacksonville Jaguars.
Early years
Parrish attended East Stroudsburg High School South in East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania where he played soccer for three years before joining the football team as a punter during his senior year. There, he earned All-Mountain Valley Conference and Pocono Record All-Area honors. He decided to join the football team after the schools' previous punter, Joseph Gaeta, who later played football at Temple University, became injured. Gaeta is credited with helping to convince Parrish to make the switch from soccer to football. He only had to punt three balls for the school's football coach before he was given the punting job for the rest of the season.
College career
After high school, Parrish attended East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania where he averaged 40.3 yards per punt and landed 59 of his 174 punts inside the 20-yard line during his college career. In his junior and senior year, he earned All-Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference eastern division honors after averaging 42.5 yards per punt, with 30 of his 75 punts landing inside the 20 and just four touchbacks during that span. As a senior, he punted 42 times in 14 games to help ESU win the Division II Northeast Regional championship and advanced to the national semifinals for the first time in school history. As a senior, he averaged 42.0 yards per punt. As a junior, he averaged 43.2 yards per punt. As a sophomore, he averaged 40.7 yards per punt. As a freshman, he averaged 36.7 yards per punt. Parrish graduated from East Stroudsburg with a degree in criminal justice.
Professional career
San Francisco 49ers
Parrish was undrafted in the 2007 NFL Draft, and was signed by the San Francisco 49ers on May 3, 2007. He spent that training camp and pre-season with the 49ers before being released prior to the start of the regular season.
First stint with Eagles
Parrish signed with the Philadelphia Eagles as a free agent on May 28, 2009. He was waived on August 8 after the team signed tight end Rob Myers.
New York Jets
Parrish signed with the New York Jets as a free agent on August 16, 2009 after the team waived punter T. J. Conley. Parrish was waived on August 28 when the team claimed punter Glenn Pakulak off waivers.
Second stint with Eagles
Parrish was re-signed to a three-year contract by the Philadelphia Eagles on April 28, 2010. He was waived on August 15.
Florida Tuskers
Parrish was signed by the Florida Tuskers of the United Football League on September 9, 2010.
Atlanta Falcons
Parrish was signed by the Atlanta Falcons on March 3, 2011, but was released on August 24.
Jacksonville Jaguars
Parrish was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars on June 13, 2013 and later released on August 25.
Lehigh Valley Steelhawks
In 2016, Parrish tried out and made the Lehigh Valley Steelhawks of American Indoor Football.
Personal life
After getting released by the 49ers in 2007, Parrish spent eight months as a police officer with the Stroud Area Regional Police in his hometown, East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. After the eight months, he decided that he would pursue a comeback into the NFL by leaving the police force. When asked about his decision to leave the police force, Parrish said, "It was a decision that took weeks and weeks and weeks and lots of discussions with my family. I always had great backing from my family. They [said], 'Ken, if you feel this is something you need to go out and conquer, then go ahead and do it.'"
Parrish moved to Modesto, California to perfect his punting, kickoffs, placekicks, and holding for placekicks in order to get ready for his comeback into the NFL.
After he was released by the Jets following training camp, Parrish worked as a substitute teacher at J. T. Lambert Intermediate School and as a police officer again with the Stroud Area Regional Police.
Parrish spent time during the 2010 offseason in Las Vegas, Nevada to work with Louie Aguiar on his punting and kicking.
Parrish resides in Pennsylvania with his wife Amanda and their two young daughters, Reese and Charlotte.
References
External links
Atlanta Falcons bio
Florida Tuskers bio
Philadelphia Eagles bio
1984 births
Living people
People from East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
American football punters
East Stroudsburg Warriors football players
San Francisco 49ers players
Philadelphia Eagles players
New York Jets players
Florida Tuskers players
Atlanta Falcons players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Lehigh Valley Steelhawks players
Eurospeak Language School is an institution that specializes in English language training and cultural exchange. The school was founded in 1991 and is in Reading, United Kingdom. The founder of Eurospeak, Michael O'Brien, died in 2011. Eurospeak also has a "subsidiary" in Almaty, Kazakhstan. Each year, Eurospeak welcomes more than 1,349 students from over 71 nationalities. In May 2018, Eurospeak submitted a planning application to create new premises at Cumberland Place, Southampton. The planning application was approved, and Eurospeak Southampton opened in October 2018.
Accreditations
Eurospeak has been accredited by the UK Border Agency as Tier 4 Sponsor. Eurospeak has been inspected accredited by the Independent Schools Inspectorate. The inspection in September 2016 states: "The language school exceeds expectations for the quality of education" Eurospeak has also been inspected and accredited by the British Council. It is a registered centre for University of Cambridge ESOL Examinations (PET, FCE, CAE and CPE), Trinity College London examinations, EMD ESOL International examinations and a Trinity College London validated provide of the Trinity CertTESOL teacher training course.
The school is also on the Skills Funding Agency's Register of Training Organizations. The Register includes organisations that are eligible to be invited to tender for providing education and skills training services and are hence, entitled to compete for funding.
Eurospeak has also been featured in Kazakh news for its role in the field of English education.
Mr Rob Wilson, Member of Parliament for Reading East, distributed certificates to group of Italian students, from two schools in the Italian Province of Vicenza which were hosted by Reading's Eurospeak Language School. He congratulated the students on the progress they have made and highlighted some of the benefits of learning a foreign language. He also provided them with an overview of his role as Member of Parliament for Reading East, as well as touching on subjects such as comparisons and contrasts between Italy and the UK - and of course, Italian politics.
On 30 October 2018, Eurospeak Reading was inspected by the Independent Schools Inspectorate for a monitoring visit and was found to exceed expectations. At the previous inspection of 20 – 22 September 2016 the language school was found to exceed expectations and the quality of education as judged at that time has been maintained.
The Independent Schools Inspectorate found that the quality of the curriculum, teaching and learners' achievements is excellent. The provision meets student needs and is effective in supporting progress. Courses on offer to Tier 4 students lead to qualifications or outcomes which meet the definition of an approved qualification for Home Office purposes. Teaching is excellent and lessons are well planned. Students' welfare, including health and safety, is excellent. Pastoral support is excellent. Teaching is excellent. The highly motivated teachers employ a range of activities to interest and challenge students. They display excellent subject knowledge and motivate students to learn and progress.
Programmes
Eurospeak offers courses in English as a foreign language, English exam preparation, Teaching English as a foreign language and summer schools to both children and adults. In Kazakhstan, Eurospeak partners with schools and universities in Almaty, Astana and Kyzylorda.
Courses
General English Courses
Bespoke Business English Courses
Bespoke English for Special Purposes Courses
IELTS Preparation Courses
Cambridge Examination Preparation Courses
See also
Cambridge English Language Assessment
International English Language Testing System
Language Education
Berlitz Corporation
References
External links
Eurospeak UK
Eurospeak Kazakhstan
Language schools in the United Kingdom
Educational institutions established in 1991
1991 establishments in the United Kingdom
Tuisugaletaua Sofara Aveau (born ~1953) is a Samoan politician and former Cabinet Minister.
Aveau was a musician. He was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Samoa in the 2001 election, and was appointed Minister of Agriculture. He was re-elected in the 2006 election and appointed Minister of Works, Transport and Infrastructure. As Minister of Transport he spearheaded the government campaign to change Samoa from left-hand to right-hand driving.
Following the 2011 election he stood unsuccessfully for Deputy leader of the HRPP. He was subsequently appointed Minister of Communications, Information and Technology. In November 2011 he was investigated for assault by police; the complaint was later withdrawn. In 2014 he and his wife composed the theme song for the United Nations Third International Conference on Small Island Developing States.
He lost his seat in the 2016 election. Following his election loss he established the Samoa Banana Farmers Association. He contested the 2021 election as an HRPP candidate, but was unsuccessful.
References
Living people
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa
Government ministers of Samoa
Human Rights Protection Party politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sebaldeburen is a village in the Westerkwartier municipality in the Dutch province of Groningen. It had a population of around 590 in January 2017.
History
The village was first mentioned in the 13th century as "in Sibaldebuere hove", and means "settlement of Sibald (person)". Sebaldeburen is a road village which developed in the Middle Ages on a sandy ridge.
The Dutch Reformed church was built in 1807. The polder mill De Eendracht dates from 1887 as the replacement of a mill from 1801 which burnt down.
Sebaldeburen used to be the capital of the region. In 1811 it became part of the municipality of Grootegast. It was home to 278 people in 1840.
Gallery
References
External links
Westerkwartier
Westerkwartier (municipality)
Populated places in Groningen (province)
The women's 5000 metres event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 9 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
5000 metres at the African Championships in Athletics
Fernando Augusto da Silva (born 15 November 1979) is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu competitor, mixed martial arts fighter, and submission grappler. He is a black belt under professor Alexandre Paiva of Team Alliance. Tererê is a two-time World Champion in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (2000 and 2003) in black belt division. He has also won a number of other Brazilian jiu-jitsu competitions, including Pan-American Championship, South-American Championship, Copa do Mundo and Brazilian National Championship.
Tererê is known as one of the most influential competitors of all-time, as well as the most entertaining, because of his aggressive and highly active style.
Early years
Born in the slums of Cantagalo, Rio de Janeiro, Tererê began his fighting career by training capoeira, dealing drugs, and running away from the police. His Brazilian jiu-jitsu career began at the age of 14 when professor Otavio Couto invited him to try Brazilian jiu-jitsu at his recently opened gym in Leblon, Rio de Janeiro. Professor Couto had met Tererê and his friends parking cars at McDonald's on Rua de Amoedo, Ipanema, Rio de Janeiro. At the gym, Couto and other teachers, Alexandre Paiva and Roberto Traven, were impressed by Tererê's passion and desire to learn and began to teach him the techniques and principles of jiu-jitsu.
Competition career
The first big victory for him was when in 1994 he won the Brazilian Championship. In 1997 he won the World Championship (Mundials) as a blue belt. In 1998 Professor Couto awarded Tererê with a purple belt, who later that year won the open weight division in the Mundials.
A year later Fernando received a brown belt from professor Paiva and won the Mundials in his weight division (under 181 lbs), beating 2000 champion and future UFC lightweight champion BJ Penn in the semi-final.
Some time after the competition professor Fabio Gurgel invited Tererê to São Paulo to train with him. Before leaving, Tererê received his black belt from professor Paiva.
Next year in the Mundials Tererê won his weight class, first time as a black belt. By that time he had won the title in every belt class available. He went to win the title again in 2003.
Despite being fairly light weight (weighing around 165 lbs) Tererê competed the 2004 Championships in ultra-heavy class (over 221 lbs) finishing second, only losing to Fabrício Werdum in the final by points.
Championships
World Championship (Mundials)
1997 Blue Belt Champion
1998 Purple Belt Champion
1999 Brown Belt Champion
2000 Black Belt Champion
2003 Black Belt Champion
Copa do Mundo
2002 Black Belt Champion
2003 Black Belt Champion
Brazilian Nationals
1994 Blue Belt Champion
1996 Blue Belt Champion
1999 Brown Belt Champion
2001 Black Belt Champion
2003 Black Belt Champion
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
|align=center|0-1
| Gleison Tibau
|Decision (split)
|Bitetti Combat Nordesta 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil
|
TT Team
Tererê and Eduardo Telles together established the TT Team in the beginning of 2003. The team was partly assembled to train and prepare future champions in the field of jiu-jitsu, but its main focus was to improve people's lives by developing a healthy lifestyle via training. Fernando and Eduardo wanted to make it possible for everyone to enjoy their life, despite their backgrounds.
TT Team met its end in 2006 due to differences between Terere and Telles.
During its short existence the TT Team produced notable fighters like Rubens 'Cobrinha' Charles and André Galvao.
Instructor Lineage
Mitsuyo "Count Koma" Maeda → Carlos Gracie, Sr. → Helio Gracie → Rolls Gracie → Romero "Jacare" Cavalcanti → Alexandre Paiva → Fernando "Tererê" Augusto
References
Tererê talks about his early life and career at GTR
Tererê's biography and info at BJJHeroes.com
Penn BJ (2010): Why I Fight page 91
CBJJ/IBJJF Tournament Results
fernandoterere.com at Internet Archive
mma-record at sherdog.com
Announcement regarding the future of Team TT at Internet Archive
External links
Highlight Video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEhuHihC6LQ
1979 births
Living people
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing capoeira
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Brazilian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Brazilian capoeira practitioners
Sportspeople from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Anobrium fraterculum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Galileo and Martins in 2002. It is known from Brazil.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 2002
Robert Kaiser (born 27 February 1946) is an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1969.
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
The K League 'FAN'tastic Player is an annual award given to the player who is judged to have been the best of the year in South Korea. The word 'Fan'tastic means that a fanstasic player is chosen by fans. The award has been presented since the 2009 season and the winner is chosen by an online poll by K League fans.
Winners
See also
K League
K League MVP Award
K League Top Scorer Award
K League Top Assist Provider Award
K League Manager of the Year Award
K League Young Player of the Year
K League Best XI
K League Players' Player of the Year
References
External links
All-time winners at K League
History at K League
K League trophies and awards
2009 establishments in South Korea
Awards established in 2009
Annual events in South Korea
The 63rd National Film Awards was an award ceremony during which the Directorate of Film Festivals of India presented its annual National Film Awards to honour the best films of 2015 in Indian cinema. The awards were announced on 28 March 2016 and the ceremony was held on 3 May 2016.
Selection process
The Directorate of Film Festivals invited nominations for the awards in January 2016. The acceptable last date for entries was until 13 January 2016. Feature and Non-Feature Films certified by Central Board of Film Certification between 1 January 2015, and 31 December 2015, were eligible for the film award categories. Books, critical studies, reviews or articles on cinema published in Indian newspapers, magazines, and journals between 1 January 2015, and 31 December 2015, were eligible for the best writing on cinema section. Entries of dubbed, revised or copied versions of a film or translation, abridgements, edited or annotated works and reprints were ineligible for the awards.
For the Feature and Non-Feature Films sections, films in any Indian language, shot on 16 mm, 35 mm, a wider film gauge or a digital format, and released in cinemas, on video or digital formats for home viewing were eligible. Films were required to be certified as a feature film, a featurette or a Documentary/Newsreel/Non-Fiction by the Central Board of Film Certification.
Best Film Friendly State
The awards aim at encouraging study and appreciation of cinema as an art form and dissemination of information and critical appreciation of this art-form through a State Government Policy.
Dadasaheb Phalke Award
Introduced in 1969, the Dadasaheb Phalke Award is the highest award given to recognise the contributions of film personalities towards the development of Indian cinema and for distinguished contributions to the medium, its growth and promotion.
A committee consisting five eminent personalities from Indian film industry was appointed to evaluate the lifetime achievement award, Dadasaheb Phalke Award. Following were the jury members.
Jury Members
Feature films
Feature films will be awarded at All India as well as regional level. Following will be the awards given in each category:
Juries
A committee headed by Ramesh Sippy was appointed to evaluate the feature films awards. Following were the jury members:
Jury Members
Ramesh Sippy (Chairperson)Gangai AmaranSandip DattaJohn Matthew MatthanDharam GulatiGyan SahayS. R. LeelaK. VasuSatish KaushikShyamaprasadMunin Barua
All India Award
Following will be the awards given:
Golden Lotus Award
Official Name: Swarna Kamal
All the awardees are awarded with 'Golden Lotus Award (Swarna Kamal)', a certificate and cash prize.
Silver Lotus Award
Official Name: Rajat Kamal
All the awardees are awarded with 'Silver Lotus Award (Rajat Kamal)', a certificate and cash prize.
Regional Awards
The award is given to the best film in the regional languages in India.
Best Feature Film in Each of the Language Other Than Those Specified in the Schedule VIII of the Constitution
Non-Feature Films
Short Films made in any Indian language and certified by the Central Board of Film Certification as a documentary/newsreel/fiction are eligible for non-feature film section.
Golden Lotus Award
Official Name: Swarna Kamal
All the awardees are awarded with 'Golden Lotus Award (Swarna Kamal)', a certificate and cash prize.
Silver Lotus Award
Official Name: Rajat Kamal
All the Awardees are awarded with 'Silver Lotus Award (Rajat Kamal)' and cash prize.
Best Writing on Cinema
The awards aim at encouraging study and appreciation of cinema as an art form and dissemination of information and critical appreciation of this art-form through publication of books, articles, reviews etc.
Golden Lotus Award
Official Name: Swarna Kamal
All the awardees are awarded with 'Golden Lotus Award (Swarna Kamal)' and cash prize.
References
External links
63rd National Film Awards: Official Catalogue
National Film Awards (India) ceremonies
2015 Indian film awards
Tina Trebec (born March 10, 1990) is a Slovenian basketball player for Sassari Sardegna and the Slovenian national team.
She participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017, 2019, 2021.
References
1990 births
Living people
Slovenian women's basketball players
People from Postojna
Power forwards (basketball)
Slovenian expatriates in Bulgaria
Liocranum rupicola is a species of spider in the family Liocranidae. It is found in Europe and Russia, and was first described by Charles Athanase Walckenaer in 1830.
References
Corinnidae
Spiders described in 1830
Spiders of Europe
Spiders of Russia
The Des O'Connor Show is a British variety and chat show hosted by Des O'Connor which was broadcast on ITV from 1963 until 1973.
History
Associated Television produced the programme, and which was recorded in black-and-white for the first six series.
When the seventh series of the show aired in colour in 1970, its popularity spread internationally. ITV licensed the programme to the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States, where it aired during prime time, and continued for one more series. Some entertainment celebrities of the time, such as Patrick Newell and Dom DeLuise, made multiple guest appearances on the show.
In the United States, NBC retitled the programme to Kraft Music Hall Presents the Des O'Connor Show, after their own popular variety show Kraft Music Hall, which also ended in 1971.
ITV transmissions
Series
Specials
DVD
A DVD release Des O'Connor Volume 1 (22 June 2009) collects various highlights from Kraft Music Hall Presents the Des O'Connor Show.
See also
Des O'Connor Tonight (1977–2002)
References
External links
The Des O'Connor Show at BFI
Des O'Connor's official website
1963 British television series debuts
1973 British television series endings
1960s American variety television series
1970s American variety television series
British television talk shows
English-language television shows
Television series by ITC Entertainment
Television shows produced by Associated Television (ATV)
Television shows shot at ATV Elstree Studios
Ernst Kaltenbrunner (5 July 1937 – 11 July 1967) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1960.
References
External links
1937 births
1967 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Rear-Admiral George Stephen Ritchie CB DSC (30 October 1914 – 8 May 2012) was a British admiral noted for his cartographic and hydrographic work.
Naval career
Ritchie was born in Burnley, 1914, of Scottish parents, Sir Douglas Ritchie and Lady Margaret Stephen Ritchie. He was educated at the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth from the age of 13, from where he went to sea at the age of 17. In 1936 he joined the Surveying Service, being appointed to the old coal-burning surveying ship, , operating in the South China Sea.
During the Second World War the then Lieutenant Ritchie was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross (DSC) for bravery whilst surveying beaches in North Africa behind the enemy lines.
From that time he worked continuously in that branch of the Royal Navy travelling all over the World and commanding four of HM surveying Ships: on a world circling voyage with scientists on board; HMNZS Lachlan, the New Zealand survey ship; , in the Persian Gulf and in the West Indies and North Atlantic. In 1951 on the survey ship HMS Challenger, recorded the deepest part of the ocean trench depth Challenger Deep of 5,960 fathoms (10,900 m, 35,761 ft) using echo sounding. He was awarded the Royal Geographical Society's Back Award in 1954.
In 1966 he was promoted to the rank of rear admiral and appointed to the post of Hydrographer of the Navy which he held for five years, responsible for the operations of the RN Surveying Squadron and the publication of the Admiralty Chart worldwide series. In the same year he received a Companion of the Bath. In 1967 he published The Admiralty Chart, a history of British Naval Hydrography in the Nineteenth Century
Post naval career
After 18 months as a senior research fellow at Southampton University, he was elected first in 1972 and again in 1977 as president of the International Hydrographic Bureau, thus spending 10 years in the Principality of Monaco, in the service of the then 50 Member States of the International Hydrographic Organization.
Admiral Ritchie received the Founder's Medal of the Royal Geographical Society, the Gold Medal of the Royal Institute of Navigation (he was president from 1970 to 1972), the Silver Medal of the Royal Society of Arts and the Prix Manley-Bendall from the Academie de Marine. He was an honorary member of the Challenger Society for Marine Science and an Emeritus Member of the Hydrographic Society.
After his return from Monaco he lived with his wife, Disa, in the family house built by his grandfather in the fishing village of Collieston, Aberdeenshire. He published other titles including Challenger - The Life of a Survey Ship (1957), The Admiralty Chart (1967), No Day too Long: An Hydrographer's Tale (1992) and As it Was (2003). He wrote a regular column describing how hydrography used to be, for the international publication Hydro International from 1985–1995.
In 2009 he donated his collection on the history of hydrography to the Robinson Library at Newcastle University.
He died on 8 May 2012 in Collieston, Aberdeenshire.
Notes
External links
Boesjes, Johan et al. (October 2004) "Steve Ritchie - A Living Legend" Hydro International 8(8):
1914 births
2012 deaths
Companions of the Order of the Bath
English hydrographers
Hydrographers of the Royal Navy
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Navy rear admirals
Royal Navy officers of World War II
The 2012–13 Football League One (referred to as the Npower Football League One for sponsorship reasons) was the ninth season of the league under its current title and twenty-first season under its current league division format. The season began on 18 August 2012 and ended on 27 April 2013.
Changes from last season
Team changes
To League One
Relegated from the Championship
Portsmouth
Coventry City
Doncaster Rovers
Promoted from League Two
Swindon Town
Shrewsbury Town
Crawley Town
Crewe Alexandra
From League One
Promoted to the Championship
Charlton Athletic
Sheffield Wednesday
Huddersfield Town
Relegated to League Two
Wycombe Wanderers
Chesterfield
Exeter City
Rochdale
League table
Play-offs
Team overview
Stadia and locations
Personnel and sponsoring
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
1 According to current revision of List of English Football League managers
Managerial changes
Results
Season statistics
Top scorers
- includes 1 goal for Carlisle United
- includes 11 goals for Scunthorpe United
Assists
Hat-tricks
Scoring
First goal of the season: David McAllister for Sheffield United against Shrewsbury Town (18 August 2012)
Fastest goal of the season: 56 seconds, A-Jay Leitch-Smith for Crewe Alexandra against Scunthorpe United (21 August 2012)
Latest goal of the season: 95 minutes and 26 seconds, Paddy Madden for Carlisle United against Portsmouth (25 August 2012)
Largest winning margin: 5 goals
Preston North End 5–0 Hartlepool United (18 September 2012)
Hartlepool United 0–5 Coventry City (17 November 2012)
Swindon Town 5–0 Tranmere Rovers (21 December 2012)
Swindon Town 5–0 Portsmouth (1 January 2013)
Highest scoring game: 8 goals
Sheffield United 5–3 Bournemouth (1 September 2012)
Most goals scored in a match by a single team: 5 goals
Brentford 5–1 Crewe Alexandra (25 August 2012)
Sheffield United 5–3 Bournemouth (1 September 2012)
Preston North End 5–0 Hartlepool United (18 September 2012)
Crawley Town 2–5 Tranmere Rovers (22 September 2012)
Hartlepool United 0–5 Coventry City (17 November 2012)
Milton Keynes Dons 5–1 Colchester United (24 November 2012)
Coventry City 5–1 Walsall (8 December 2012)
Swindon Town 5–0 Portsmouth (1 January 2013)
Colchester United 1–5 Tranmere Rovers (23 February 2013)
Most goals scored in a match by a losing team: 3 goals
Sheffield United 5–3 Bournemouth (1 September 2012)
Clean sheets
Most clean sheets: 21
Sheffield United
Fewest clean sheets: 5
Scunthorpe United
Discipline
Most yellow cards (club): 92
Oldham Athletic
Most yellow cards (player): 12
Harry Arter (AFC Bournemouth)
Most red cards (club): 7
Notts County
Most red cards (player): 3
Antony Kay (Milton Keynes Dons)
Awards
Monthly awards
Other awards
References
External links
EFL League One seasons
2012–13 Football League
3
Eng
The New Picture House (often called the NPH) is an independent cinema located in St Andrews, Scotland. It was first opened in 1930 and it contains three cinema screens. The largest cinema has a row of special seats with electronic black recliners, and also has a ground level and balcony seating area. There is a lounge area with the option to view a licensed DVD digitally projected at a canvas screen.
The cinema screens are equipped with traditional film projectors and a digital projector, the Christie CP-2000 Digital Projector. As of June 2010, the cinema is equipped with digital 3D projectors in all of its screens.
External links
Official website
References
Cinemas in Scotland
Penny Green is an Australian criminologist. She has been a Professor of Law and Globalisation and Head of the Department of Law at Queen Mary University of London since September 2014.
Biography
Green studied psychology, anthropology and sociology at the Australian National University. She graduated in 1979. She went to the UK and obtained her doctorate in Criminology at Cambridge.
Before being appointed as Professor at Queen Mary University of London she was Professor of Law and Criminology at King's College London and worked at the University of Southampton, University of Westminster, and the London School of Economics. Green is the founder of the International State Crime Initiative.
In March 2016, she was shortlisted as replacement for Makarim Wibisono as United Nations special rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967, along with Michael Lynk. Michael Lynk was appointed to this role.
Publications
State Crime (2005) Special Issue: The British Journal of Criminology, 2005, Vo. 45, No. 4, pp 434–445
Journals and book chapters
"Understanding State Crime", (2016) with Tony Ward, Oxford Handbook of Criminology Oxford: OUP
"Evicting Palestine" (2016), with Amelia Smith, in State Crime Journal Special Issue: Palestine, Palestinians and Israeli State Crime (eds Green, P. and Shalhoub-Kervorkian,N.) Vol. 5, No.1
"Law, the State and the Dialectics of State Crime" (2016) in Critical Criminology, Vol. 24, No. 2
"Civil Society And State Crime: Repression, Resistance And Transition in Burma and Tunisia" (2014) with Ward, T. in Chambliss, W. J. and Moloney, C. J. (eds.) State Crime: Critical Concepts in Criminology, New York: Routledge
"Enclosing the Commons: Predatory capital and forced evictions in Burma and PNG" (2014), with Lasslett, K. and Sherwood, A. in Pickering, S (ed.) Routledge Handbook on Migration and Crime London: Routledge
"The Barbarism of Indifference: sabotage, resistance and state corporate crime" (2014) with Lasslett, K. and Stanczak, D., Theoretical Criminology 2015, Vol. 19(4) 514–533
"Islamophobia: Burma's Racist Fault-line" in Race and Class October–December 2013; 55
"State Crime: A Dialectical View" (2012) (with T. Ward) in M. Maguire, R. Morgan, and Reiner, R.(eds) The Oxford Handbook of Criminology
"States, Crime and Violence" in (2010) Sistema Penal & Violência, Porto Alegre, vol. 2, no. 2, pp. 1-14, jul./dez
"Civil Society, Resistance and State Crime" (2012) in L. Stanley and J. McCulloch State Crime and Resistance London: Sage
"State-Building and the Logic of Violence in Iraq" (2009) (with T. Ward) Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology and Crime Prevention
"The Transformation of Violence in Iraq" (with T. Ward) British Journal of Criminology (2009) 49(5): 609-627.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Academics of King's College London
Australian criminologists
Australian women academics
Australian academics
Women criminologists
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
Joan Hideko Fujimura is an American sociologist and the Martindale-Bascom Professor Emerita of Sociology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. She is the president of the Society for the Social Studies of Science. She was a fellow of the Institute for Advanced Study from 1999 to 2001 and of the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences at Stanford University from 2014 to 2015.
References
External links
Faculty page
Living people
American women sociologists
Sociologists of science
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
University of Washington alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences fellows
Institute for Advanced Study visiting scholars
21st-century American women scientists
20th-century American women scientists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Uhrenmuseum zum Rösli is a small horological museum in Zurich, Switzerland that was founded in 2006.
The museum is open by appointment and located in a historic building on Röslistrasse 46, about 3 kilometers north of the city center on the route to Oerlikon (Take Streetcar no. 7 to stop Röslistrasse).
Collection
The collection focusses on clocks although there are a few watches as well. It is particularly rich in rustic clocks of Switzerland, mostly with wooden movements, and forged iron clocks of the Gothic period. There is a good collection of Renaissance timepieces and of Neuchatel type pendules as well. Altogether several hundred clocks are displayed.
History
The building, constructed as a farmhouse in 1802, in 1856 became the local schoolhouse till 1887, when the teacher Johann Gisler bought it as his residence. His son Heinrich Gisler was a lifelong passionate collector of clocks, a tradition carried on by Heinrich's daughter Martha Gisler. Martha later befriended another local clock enthusiast named Hans Neufeld. The museum houses the clocks owned by the “Uhrenstiftung Martha Gisler & Hans Neufeld”.
See also
Other local horological museum: Uhrenmuseum Beyer
Horology
References
External links
Official website
Horological museums in Switzerland
Museums in Zürich
Museums established in 2006
2006 establishments in Switzerland
Salles-Courbatiès is a railway station in Salles-Courbatiès, Occitanie, France. The station is on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train services
The following services currently call at Salles-Courbatiès:
Local service (TER Occitanie) Toulouse–Figeac–Aurillac
References
Railway stations in Aveyron
Poland competed at the 2019 Military World Games held in Wuhan, China from 18 to 27 October 2019.
Medal summary
Medal by sports
Medalists
References
2019 Military World Games Results
Nations at the 2019 Military World Games
Military
Cezary Wodziński (27 May 1959 – 12 June 2016) was a Polish philosopher, historian of philosophy, essayist, translator, and writer. He was a lecturer at Jagiellonian University in Cracow (Poland) and at the University of Warsaw (Poland).
Biography
Life
Cezary Wodziński, the son of Zygmunt Wodziński (an engineer) and Michalina Wodzińska (teacher), was born in rural Lębork, Poland. He attended Tadeusz Reytan's High School in Warsaw. Among his classmates were Filip Łobodziński, journalist and translator, and Andrzej Sosnowski, poet. Following high school graduation, he took a job at Psychoneurological Institute of Warsaw as a paramedic. Aside from this, he also enrolled to Mountain Rescue, GOPR (Grupa Beskidzka - Bieszczady).
In 1979 he started studying philosophy at the University of Warsaw. During his studies, he was an author of many philosophical publications. He defended his dissertation in 1985 with a thesis: "The dispute about the limits of rationality. Szestow – Husserl”, which was a degree of honors.
In 1986, he worked first at the Institute of Philosophy and Sociology of PAN (National Academy of Sciences) in the Department of Contemporary Philosophy, headed by prof. Barbara Skarga, followed by prof. Stanisław Borzym. In 1996 he started an independent research lab. In 1989 he defended his doctorate. PhD thesis was "Knowledge and salvation. Study of Lev Shestov's thoughts. Supervisor of his PhD thesis was prof. B. Skarga, and reviewers: Professor. R. Łużny, prof. K. Pomian.
He habiltated in 1994. Habilitation thesis was "Heidegger and the problem of evil". Among reviewers were prof. K. Michalski, prof. B. Skarga and prof. J. Tischner. The habilitation was awarded with T. Kotarbinski prize and Prime Minister prize. In 1999 he eventually obtained the title of professor of the humanities. In the end of 90s' he was an editor-in-chief of philosophical magazines as following: „Aletheia” i „Biblioteki Aletheia”. As a result of his outstanding performance, he was awarded an academic scholarship i.a. in Paris, Vienna and Fryburg. Wodziński lectured in Stockholm and Moscow. In 2001 he obtained the title of professor ordinarius at Jagiellonian University of Cracow.
Work
Ancient Greek philosophy, German philosophy, Russian philosophy and theology, religious philosophy, phenomenology, hermeneutics, philosophy of dialogue, transcendental philosophy, philosophy of language, philosophy of existence, metaphysics, ontology, axiology, all were topics of his particular interest.
His achievements include: fifteen books, more than eighty essays and numerous lectures. He was awarded the 1st prize of STP (Stowarzyszenie Tłumaczy Polskich - Polish Translators Association) two times in the field of philosophical translation. He was a member of Collegium Invisibile.
To the most significant publications belong:
Wiedza i zbawienie. Studium myśli Lwa Szestowa, Warszawa 1991
I cóż po filozofie... Eseje filozoficzne, Warszawa 1992
Filozofia jako sztuka myślenia. Zachęta dla licealistów, Warszawa 1993
Heidegger i problem zła, Warszawa 1994
Hermes i Eros. Eseje drugie, Warszawa 1997
Wielkie Wędrowanie, Warszawa 1998
Światłocienie zła, Warszawa 1998
Pan Sokrates. Eseje trzecie, Warszawa 2000
Św. Idiota. Projekt antropologii apofatycznej, Gdańsk 2000
Filozofia jako sztuka myślenia, Warszawa 2000 (2 wyd. rozszerzone)
Swietijat idiot. Projekt za apofaticzna antropołogija, Sofija 2004
Trans, Dostojewski, Rosja, czyli o filozofowaniu siekierą, Gdańsk 2005
Nic po ironii. Eseje czwarte, Warszawa 2006
Między anegdotą a doświadczeniem, Gdańsk 2007
Heidegger i problem zła, Gdańsk 2007 (2 wyd.)
Logo nieśmiertelności. Platona przypisy do Sokratesa, Gdańsk 2008
References
1959 births
2016 deaths
20th-century Polish philosophers
21st-century Polish philosophers
Polish translators
20th-century translators
Rosa Collazo a.k.a. Rosa Cortez-Collazo (1904 – May 1988) was a political activist and treasurer of the New York City branch of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party. She was the wife of Oscar Collazo one of two Nationalists who attacked Blair House in 1950 in an attempt to kill President Harry Truman. She was accused by the FBI of assisting Nationalists Lolita Lebrón, Rafael Cancel Miranda, Irvin Flores and Andres Figueroa Cordero in their assault on the United States House of Representatives in 1954. She was charged on both occasions with complicity in a conspiracy to overthrow the United States Government and imprisoned because of her political beliefs.
Early years
Cortez-Collazo (birth name: Rosa Cortez Fernández ) was born in the City of Mayagüez in Puerto Rico to Ramon Cortez, a merchant marine and Juana E. Fernandez, a seamstress. At a young age she moved to the City of Ponce where she was raised by her father's family after her parents were divorced. There she received her primary and secondary education. She graduated from Ponce High School in 1923 and completed a 6-week nurses' aide course. Cortez-Collazo decided that being a nurses' aide was not her calling after she had to deal with the corpse of a suicide victim.
In 1925, when she was 21 years old, she moved to New York City and lived with her father who had moved there two years earlier. There she worked for a hat company but, barely survived with the income that she received. She rented a room from her godmother who lived in an apartment building in Manhattan. Cortez-Collazo was subject to the racism which was rampant at the time in the United States.
Cortez-Collazo became politically active and joined the Caborrojeño Club and later joined the Club Obrero Español, radical labor oriented organization. She survived, during the great depression of the 1930s, with the help of the Salvation Army. During this period in her life she met and married Justo Mercado with whom she had two daughters, Iris and Lydia. She eventually divorced her husband.
Puerto Rican Nationalist Party
The Puerto Rican Nationalist Party was founded by José Coll y Cuchí as a direct response to the American colonial government in 1919, By the 1920s, there were two other pro-independence organizations in the Island, they were the "Nationalist Youth" and the "Independence Association of Puerto Rico". On September 17, 1922, the two political organizations merged into the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party. In 1924, Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos joined the party and on May 11, 1930, Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos was elected president of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party.
On March 21, 1937, there was a peaceful civilian march that took place on Palm Sunday in Ponce, Puerto Rico. The police began shooting their firearms at those present and 19 civilians and two policemen were killed, The shootings by the police became known as the Ponce massacre. This event influenced her nationalistic views even further and she joined the New York cell of the Nationalist Party in 1937.
Oscar Collazo
In 1941, Oscar Collazo moved to New York City, which at the time had a large Puerto Rican community. There he met and married Rosa Cortez. The couple lived in an apartment building in the Bronx. They had a total of three daughters from previous marriages: Rosa had two and Oscar had one.
Oscar, who worked in a metal polishing factory, joined the New York branch of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party. He met and became friends with Albizu Campos when the latter was hospitalized for a time at the Columbus Hospital. Oscar was named Secretary of the New York branch of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party and later served as its president. He met Griselio Torresola, a fellow nationalist, in New York and the two men soon became friends.
Plot to assassinate President Truman
On October 30, 1950, Torresola and Oscar learned that the Jayuya Uprising in Puerto Rico, led by the nationalist leader Blanca Canales, had failed. Torresola's sister had been wounded and his brother Elio was arrested. Believing they had to do something for their cause, Oscar and Torresola decided to assassinate President Harry S. Truman, in order to bring world attention to the need for independence in Puerto Rico.
On October 31, 1950, Oscar and Torresola arrived at Union Station in Washington, D.C. and registered in the Harris Hotel. On November 1, 1950, with guns in hand, they attempted to enter the Blair House, where the President was living during renovation of the White House. During the attack, Torresola mortally wounded White House Police officer, Private Leslie Coffelt. Oscar wounded another man. After wounding others, Torresola was killed by the mortally wounded Coffelt. Oscar was shot in the chest and arrested. In 1952, Oscar was convicted and sentenced to death and was sent to the federal prison at Leavenworth, Kansas.
According to Cortez-Collazo the FBI knocked on her door and more than twenty agents entered. They showed her a photo of Oscar on the ground and told her that they had just killed him, she then replied:
Cortez-Collazo was accused of collaboration to overthrow the government and was sent to the Women's House of Detention on Greenwich Street in Lower Manhattan where she spent 8 months imprisoned. Upon her release, she successfully campaigned on her husband's behalf and gathered thousands of signatures demanding that his sentence be commuted to life. President Truman commuted his sentence to life imprisonment to be carried out at Leavenworth. She also worked (unsuccessfully) for the release of her cellmate Ethel Rosenberg.
Planning the assault on the House of Representatives
In 1954, Lebrón received a letter from Albizu Campos, in which he declared his intention to order attacks on "three locations, the most strategic to the enemy". Albizu Campos wanted Lebrón to pick a group of nationalists for this task without her personal participation. Lebrón presented the plan to the Nationalist Party in New York where Cortez-Collazo served as treasurer. Lebrón choose Rafael Cancel Miranda, Irvin Flores and Andrés Figueroa Cordero for the task. The pistols used in the attack were purchased by the Chicago Nationalist branch and sent to the New York branch. The New York branch provided the group with weapons and the funds for their railroad tickets.
Disregarding Albizu Campo's wishes, she decided to lead the group. The date for the attack on the House of Representatives was to be March 1, 1954. This date was chosen because it coincided with the inauguration of the Conferencia Interamericana (Interamerican Conference) in Caracas. Lebrón intended to call attention to Puerto Rico's independence cause, particularly among the Latin American countries participating in the conference.
Assault on the House of Representatives
The Nationalists arrived with the group in Washington, D.C. and sat in the visitor's gallery in the House of Representatives. The representatives of the House were discussing Mexico's economy when suddenly Lebrón gave the order to the group to quickly recited the Lord's Prayer. She then stood up and shouted "¡Viva Puerto Rico Libre!" ("Long live a Free Puerto Rico!") and unfurled the flag of Puerto Rico. The group opened fire with semi-automatic pistols.
Even though some 30 shots were fired (mostly by Cancel, according to his account), wounding five lawmakers; one representative, Alvin Morell Bentley from Michigan, was seriously wounded in the chest, Figueroa Cordero was unable to fire his gun because it was jammed. Upon being arrested, Lebrón yelled:
Arrest and trial
Lebrón, Cancel Miranda and Figueroa Cordero were immediately arrested. However, Flores walked away from the building in the confusion that followed. He took a taxi to a bus stop. There he was stopped and questioned together with various Mexicans who happened to be there, by the local police who had just heard about the shooting. They found a loose bullet in his pocket and arrested him.
The members of the New York City branch of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party, including Cortez-Collazo, were also arrested. On July 13, 1954, the Nationalists were taken to New York, where they declared themselves not guilty on the charges of "trying to overthrow the government of the United States". She was accused of being the Liaison between party leaders in Puerto Rio and the New York junta; treasurer of the New York junta and participant in its discussions in regard to the House of Representative shootings. On October 26, 1954, judge Lawrence E. Walsh found all of the accused guilty of conspiracy and they were sentenced to various years in prison. She was committed for seven years at Alderson Prison, West Virginia. There she continued her friendship with fellow inmates Lolita Lebrón and Blanca Canales. She vowed:
Post imprisonment
Cortez-Collazo was released from prison in 1961 and visited her mother in Puerto Rico. She later returned to her apartment in the Bronx. In 1968, she moved to Puerto Rico with her daughter Lydia and grandson. They purchased a house in Levittown, an area which is a suburb of the municipality of Toa Baja. In 1977, she joined the campaign to free the Nationalists held in the U.S. federal prisons.
On September 6, 1979, President Jimmy Carter commuted her husband's sentence to time served, after Oscar had spent 29 years in jail. President Carter also commuted the sentences of Oscar's fellow Nationalist comrades: Irvin Flores, Rafael Cancel Miranda, and Lolita Lebrón. Andrés Figueroa Cordero had been released from prison earlier because of health issues related to his terminal cancer. Oscar had been eligible for parole since April 1966, however, he had not applied for a parole because of his political beliefs. Cortez-Collazo flew to Kansas City to greet her husband. Upon their return to Puerto Rico, the Nationalist activists were received as heroes by the different independence groups.
The Governor of Puerto Rico Carlos Romero Barceló publicly opposed the pardons granted by Carter, stating that it would encourage terrorism and undermine public safety. The twenty-nine years of separation eroded the marriage of the Collazo's and they ended up divorced.
Later years and legacy
She continued to actively participate in Puerto Rico's independence movement. In 1984 a commemoration for her independence activities was held in the Bar Association Building. She was also given recognition for her efforts towards the commutation of her ex-husband's death sentence.
She wrote her life story which is titled Memorias de Rosa Collazo, ASIN: B0000D6RNT. The book was published posthumously on January 1, 1993, by her daughter Lydia Collazo Cortez. In May 1988, Cortez-Collazo died in Puerto Rico by the side of her daughter Lydia, with whom she had been living the last years of her life.
A plaque at the monument to the Jayuya Uprising participants in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico, honors the women of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party. Rosa Cortez-Collazo's name is on the ninth line of the third plate.
Oscar Collazo continued to participate in activities related to the independence movement. On February 21, 1994, he died of a stroke.
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
Boricua Popular Army
Fuerzas Armadas de Liberación Nacional (Puerto Rico)
History of women in Puerto Rico
19th-century female leaders of the Puerto Rican Independence Movement
María de las Mercedes Barbudo
Lola Rodríguez de Tió
Mariana Bracetti
Female members of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party
Julia de Burgos
Lolita Lebrón
Ruth Mary Reynolds
Isabel Rosado
Isabel Freire de Matos
Isolina Rondón
Olga Viscal Garriga
Notes
References
Further reading
"Puerto Rico: Independence Is a Necessity"; by: Rafael Cancel Miranda (Author); Publisher: Pathfinder Press (NY); Booklet edition (February 1, 2001);
"Sembrando Patria...Y Verdades"; by: Rafael Cancel Miranda (Author); Publisher: Cuarto Idearo (January 1, 1998); ASIN: B001CK17D6
"War Against All Puerto Ricans: Revolution and Terror in America's Colony"; Author: Nelson Antonio Denis; Publisher: Nation Books (April 7, 2015); .
"Latinas in the United States, ste: A Historical Encyclopedia "; by: Vicki L. Ruiz and Virginia Sanchez Korral; Indiana University Press; .
1904 births
1988 deaths
People from Mayagüez, Puerto Rico
Nationalists from Ponce
Activists from New York City
Puerto Rican Nationalist Party politicians
Members of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party
Puerto Rican prisoners and detainees
Puerto Rican independence activists
Politicians from New York City
Puerto Rican rebels
Female revolutionaries
John Francis Kiely (born October 4, 1964) is an American former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Detroit Tigers from to .
Biography
A native of Boston, Massachusetts, Kiely attended Brockton High School and Bridgewater State College. In 1987, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Wareham Gatemen of the Cape Cod Baseball League.
Kiely signed with the Detroit Tigers as an amateur free agent in 1987 and made his major league debut for Detroit in 1991. He enjoyed his most productive season in 1992 when he posted a 4–2 record with a 2.13 ERA over 39 appearances for the Tigers.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Baseball players from Boston
Bridgewater State Bears baseball players
Detroit Tigers players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Wareham Gatemen players
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Arizona League Brewers players
Bristol Tigers players
Lakeland Tigers players
London Tigers players
Toledo Mud Hens players
There are at least 29 named lakes and reservoirs in Clay County, Arkansas.
Lakes
Alligator Hole, , el.
Beaver Pond, , el.
Big Lake, , el.
Corning Lake, , el.
Field Lake, , el.
Flat Lake, , el.
Little Taylor Lake, , el.
Long Lake, , el.
Lost Lake, , el.
Mill Lake, , el.
Murphy Lake, , el.
Old River, , el.
Old River Lake, , el.
Peoples Lake, , el.
Poyner Lake, , el.
Taylor Lake, , el.
Victory Lake, , el.
Woods Lake, , el.
Woolfolk Lake, , el.
Reservoirs
Brigance Lake, , el.
Cole Lake, , el.
Copeland Lake, , el.
Easterwood Lake, , el.
Frie Lake, , el.
Grazevich Lake, , el.
Hughes Lake, , el.
Moore Lake, , el.
Nicholas Lake, , el.
See also
List of lakes in Arkansas
Notes
Bodies of water of Clay County, Arkansas
Clay
Beda is an unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama, United States. Beda is located on Alabama State Route 137, south-southeast of Andalusia. The community lies entirely within the Conecuh National Forest.
History
A post office operated under the name Beda from 1886 to 1897.
References
Unincorporated communities in Covington County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Bottiaea (Greek: Bottiaia) was a geographical region of ancient Macedonia and an administrative district of the Macedonian Kingdom. It was previously inhabited by the Bottiaeans, a people of uncertain origin, later expelled by the Macedonians into Bottike (Chalcidice). In Roman times it was replaced by Emathia as a geographical term.
Geography
Bottiaea comprised the northeastern part of Imathia and the area between the Loudias and the Axios Rivers (the western area of today's Giannitsa).
Towns
The historic cities of Bottiaea were Aigae (Vergina) first capital of Macedon, Aloros, Pella (second capital of Macedon), Edessa, Mieza, Atalanta, Gortynia, Kyrros, Skydra, Ichnae and Beroea.
References
External links
Ancient coinage of Bottiaea
Current locations of Bottiaea region.
Geography of ancient Macedonia
The FIFA Club World Cup is an international association football competition organised by the FIFA, the sport's global governing body. It is the replacement or continuation of the Intercontinental Cup. The championship was first contested as the FIFA Club World Championship in 2000. It was not held between 2001 and 2004 due to a combination of factors, most importantly the collapse of FIFA's marketing partner International Sport and Leisure. Following a change in format which saw the FIFA Club World Championship absorb the Intercontinental Cup, it was relaunched in 2005 and took its current name the season afterwards.
The current format of the tournament involves seven teams competing for the title at venues within the host nation over a period of about two weeks; the winners of that year's edition of the Asian AFC Champions League, African CAF Champions League, North American CONCACAF Champions League, South American Copa Libertadores, Oceanian OFC Champions League and European UEFA Champions League, along with the host nation's national champion, participate in a straight knockout tournament.
Real Madrid holds the record for most victories, winning the competition four times since its inception. Teams from Spain have won the tournament the most times, with seven wins produced from that nation. The Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) is the most successful confederation of the competition with thirteen titles earned by seven of its clubs.
The current champions are Chelsea, who won their first title following a 2–1 win after extra time against Palmeiras in the 2021 final, held at the Mohammed bin Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
History
The first final of the competition was an all-Brazilian affair, as well as the only one which saw one side have home advantage. Vasco da Gama could not take advantage of its local support, being beaten by Corinthians 4–3 on penalties after a 0–0 draw in extra time. The second edition of the competition was planned for Spain in 2001, and was supposed to feature twelve clubs. However, it was canceled on 18 May, due to a combination of factors, most importantly the collapse of FIFA's marketing partner International Sport and Leisure. FIFA agreed with Toyota to merge the Toyota Cup and Club World Championship into one event.
The 2005 edition saw Brazilian club São Paulo pushed to the limit by Saudi side Al-Ittihad to reach the final. In the final, one goal from Mineiro was enough to dispatch English club Liverpool; Mineiro became the first player to score in a Club World Cup final. Internacional defeated defending world and South American champions São Paulo in the 2006 Copa Libertadores Finals in order to qualify for the 2006 tournament. In the semi-finals, Internacional beat Egyptian side Al Ahly, qualifying for the final against Barcelona from Spain. One late goal from Adriano Gabiru allowed the trophy to be kept in Brazil once again.
It was in 2007 when Brazilian hegemony was finally broken; Italian side Milan disputed a close match against Japan's Urawa Red Diamonds, who were pushed by over 67,000 fans at Yokohama's International Stadium, and won 1–0 to reach the final. In the final, Milan defeated Argentine side Boca Juniors 4–2, in a match that saw the first player to be sent off in a Club World Cup final, Milan's Kakha Kaladze from Georgia, in the 77th minute. Eleven minutes later, Boca Juniors' Pablo Ledesma would join Kaladze as he too was sent off. The following year, Manchester United would emulate Milan by beating their semi-final opponents, Japan's Gamba Osaka, 5–3. They saw off Ecuadorian club LDU Quito 1–0 in the final, as the English side became the second European team to win the tournament.
Barcelona dethroned world and European champions Manchester United in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final to qualify for the 2009 edition of the Club World Cup. Barcelona defeated Mexican club Atlante 3–1 in the semi-finals and met Estudiantes from Argentina in the final. After a very close encounter which saw the need for extra time, Lionel Messi scored from a header to snatch victory for Barcelona and complete an unprecedented sextuple (six trophies in a calendar year). The 2010 edition saw the first non-European and non-South American side to reach the final: Congo's Mazembe defeated Brazil's Internacional 2–0 in the semi-finals to set up a final with Italian Internazionale, who had beaten South Korean club Seongnam Ilhwa Chunma 3–0. Internazionale would go on to beat Mazembe by the same scoreline to win their fifth title of the year.
In 2011, Barcelona would once again show its class after winning their semi-final match 4–0 against Qatari club Al-Sadd. In the final, Barcelona would win by the same scoreline against Brazilian side Santos; this is, to date, the largest final winning margin by any victor of the competition. The 2012 edition saw Europe's dominance come to an end, as Corinthians traveled to Japan to join Barcelona in becoming two-time winners of the competition. In the semi-finals, Al Ahly managed to keep the scoreline close as Corinthians' Paolo Guerrero scored to send the Timão into their second final. Guerrero would once again come through for Corinthians in the final as the Timão saw off English side Chelsea 1–0 in order to bring the trophy back to Brazil.
List of finals
The International Stadium Yokohama in Japan has played host to the FIFA Club World Cup final the most times, with six title-deciding matches held. Along with the Estádio do Maracanã, they are the only venues in the world to have hosted both the FIFA World Cup final and the FIFA Club World Cup final (International Stadium Yokohama hosted the 2002 FIFA World Cup Final while the deciding match of the 1950 FIFA World Cup was disputed at the Maracanã). The 2000 FIFA Club World Championship Final remains the highest attended final of the competition, with 73,000 fans attending the all-Brazilian match. The final was also the only one which saw two clubs from the same nation dispute it. The 2021 final had the fewest spectators, with 32,871 (not including the 2020 final, which had restricted seating due to the COVID-19 pandemic).
The 2007 final holds the record for most goals scored in regulation in a Club World Cup Final, with six goals scored by five players, while the 2000 final remains the only scoreless decider. The 2011 final became the most lopsided match of the competition, with the triumphant team winning by a difference of four goals.
Footnotes
Statistics
Results by club
Real Madrid holds the record number of victories in the competition with four. Corinthians remain the only club World Champion to have qualified to the competition by being the host nation's national champion, while Barcelona and Real Madrid hold the record for the most final appearances, with four each.
TP Mazembe in 2010, Raja Casablanca in 2013, Kashima Antlers in 2016, Al-Ain in 2018 and Tigres UANL in 2020 are the only non-European and non-South American clubs ever to reach the final.
Results by nation
Spain's La Liga is the most successful national league of the competition, with seven titles won in 2009, 2011, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018. Brazil's Brasileirão has four titles won in 2000, 2005, 2006 and 2012. England's Premier League (2008, 2019 and 2021) is third with three titles, while Italy's Serie A (2007 and 2010) and Germany's Bundesliga (2013 and 2020) are fourth with two titles each. Serie A and the Bundesliga remain the only undefeated national leagues which have had representatives play in the competition. Argentina's Primera División carries the dubious honour of losing the most finals without ever winning the world title, with four defeats in 2007, 2009, 2014 and 2015.
Results by confederation
Results by manager
See also
List of Intercontinental Cup (football) winners
References
External links
finals
FIFA Club World Cup
"Gold Digger" is the lead single from EPMD's third album, Business as Usual. It was produced by EPMD with scratches provided by fellow group member DJ Scratch and was the duo's first of two singles to make it to #1 on the Hot Rap Singles.
Single track listing
A-Side
"Gold Digger" (E & P Remix)- 4:15
"Gold Digger" (Vocal)- 5:11
B-Side
"Rap Is Outta Control" (Vocal)- 3:06
"Gold Digger" (Instrumental)- 5:11
"Gold Digger" (E & P Remix Instrumental)- 4:15
Charts (1990-1991)
1990 singles
EPMD songs
Songs written by Erick Sermon
1990 songs
Def Jam Recordings singles
Columbia Records singles
Songs written by PMD (rapper)
Judith Breuer is a British virologist who is Professor of Virology and Director of the Pathogen Genomics Unit at University College London. She was elected a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences in 2019. Breuer is part of the United Kingdom genome sequencing team that looks to map the spread of the coronavirus disease 2019.
Early life and education
As a child, Breuer was inspired by Vera Brittain and Simone de Beauvoir. She eventually studied medicine at the Middlesex Hospital medical school. During her doctoral degree Breuer studied the genes of HIV-2 tissue culture isolates. Her medical career started in East London, where she noticed that there was a large population of adults with chickenpox. This is rare for countries like the United Kingdom, where children usually contract the disease. She undertook her specialist training in virology at St Mary's Hospital, London in the early nineties, and move to St Bartholomew's Hospital in 1993. She was elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Pathologists in 1998.
Research and career
In 2005 Breuer joined University College London, where she serves as Chair of Molecular Virology. She simultaneously holds a clinical position at Great Ormond Street Hospital. In 2012 she was made co-Director of the Division of Infection & Immunity. Her research focusses on genome sequencing and phylogenetics. She also studies how viral evolution impacts public health practises and policy. Breuer demonstrated a methodology that enables the recovery of low copy viral DNA from clinical samples, which can then be used for whole genome sequencing. She has primarily investigated the genetic association of Varicella zoster virus, Herpes simplex virus and human parainfluenza viruses.
Breuer has investigated norovirus, a pandemic that occurs on cycles of between two and five years. Using phylogenetic trees Breuer showed that the pandemic strains of norovirus exist in the population long before the virus spreads around the world. She believes that changes in the immunity of a population create an environment that allows the pandemic to spread, and that the pandemic strains may exist in children before they emerge in the wider population.
Alongside norovirus, Breuer has extensively studied the Varicella zoster virus, which causes chickenpox and shingles. It is the smallest of all herpesviridae. For almost three decades it was unclear how the Varicella zoster virus retained its dormancy. Breuer was the first to identify a latency associated genetic transcript, which can persist in the neurons of almost all adults. She demonstrated that the diversity of human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) in clinical samples is not caused by frequent mutation, as was previously thought, but instead due to multi-strain infection. This finding demonstrates that HCMV does not mutate faster than other viruses, making it easier to identify a vaccination.
In 2016 Breuer launched the Pathogens Genomics Unit at University College London, which allows the scientific community to better sequence pathogen genomes. She was elected a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences in 2019.
Her research includes the development of new tools and tests to protect people from antimicrobial resistance. Supported by the Department of Health and Social Care, Breuer looks to identify and treat antimicrobial resistant diseases, ensure the appropriate treatment pathways and prevent the spread of antibiotic resistant diseases between people. This aspect of her research makes use of artificial intelligence to quickly interpret test results, collating information from electronic health records and learning how clinicians make use of test results in clinical care. To achieve this, Breuer is involved with the design of new diagnostic tools, comprehensive randomized controlled trials and clinical management mechanisms.
In 2020 Breuer was appointed the London lead of a national response effort to sequence the genome and map the spread of the novel coronavirus disease.
Selected publications
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Alumni of the University of London
Academics of University College London
British virologists
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Pathogen genomics
Women virologists
Charity Land is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Sedgefield district of County Durham, England. It covers an area on both banks of the River Skerne, just to the north-east of the village of Trimdon.
The habitat of the site is unimproved neutral grassland, underlain by magnesian limestone. Once widespread on the limestone plateau of eastern Durham, such grasslands have mostly been destroyed by modern agricultural practices, the few remaining areas being small and highly fragmented. Charity Land is important as one of the few remaining examples of this habitat.
The fields are dominated by grass species, but a variety of grassland forbs are present.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
In computer science, derived type can mean:
a composite data type, one built out of other types
a subtype
a derived class
Coccothrinax clarensis is a palm which is endemic to central and eastern Cuba. Its name suggests that it has small coconut-like fruit (Greek coccos:berry and thrinax:trident or winnowing fork) while clarensis comes from Santa Clara valley in Cuba where the species are found.
Two subspecies are recognised: Coccothrinax clarensis subsp. brevifolia (León) Borhidi & O.Muñiz and Coccothrinax clarensis subsp. clarensis
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. clarensis subsp. clarensis to be a synonym of Coccothrinax gundlachii and C. clarensis subsp. brevifolia to be a synonym of Coccothrinax pauciramosa.
References
clarensis
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1939
The Honshū alpine conifer forests ecoregion covers in the high-elevation mountains of central Honshū and the Oshima Peninsula of Hokkaidō, Japan. It is a temperate coniferous forest ecoregion in the Palearctic realm.
Flora
Northern Japanese Hemlock grow with species of Rhododendron and Menziesia. Maries' Fir, Veitch's Fir, and Jezo Spruce grow in forests with plentiful herbs and ferns in their understories. Sasa grass is very dense in places.
Fauna
Sika deer and Asian black bear inhabit this ecoregion. Significant birds include the rock ptarmigan and the golden eagle.
See also
List of ecoregions in Japan
References
Montane forests
Temperate coniferous forests
Ecoregions of Japan
Forests of Japan
Honshu
Palearctic ecoregions
Jianming (建明) may refer to:
Jianming, Hebei, a town in Zunhua, Hebei, China.
Jianming (386), an era name used by Murong Yi, ruler of Western Yan
Jianming (530–531), an era name used by Yuan Ye, emperor of Northern Wei
See also
Jian Ming (1961–2019), Chinese poet
GOODS-N-774 also called "Sparky", is a distant early galaxy which is in the process of core formation. The galaxy is massive and extremely compact, forming stars furiously. It is thought to be on its way to becoming a giant elliptical galaxy. This galaxy was discovered in 2014, and is some 11 billion light years distant. In the sky, it is located in the constellation of Ursa Major. It is the first discovered galaxy in this stage of giant galaxy formation.
Characteristics
Sparky is forming stars at a rate of 300 stars per year, compared to our Milky Way's rate of 10. It is only across, unlike our galaxy's width. And GOODS-N-774, at 1.0×1011MSun, is around twice as massive as the Milky Way Galaxy. The amount of star formation and related high concentrations of gas and dust obscure the view of the galaxy, making it hard to detect. The ferocious rate of star formation is thought to be the result of the dark matter halo drawing great amounts of intergalactic gas into the core, fuelling the continuous starburst, of 1 billion years. The galaxy does not contain an active galactic nucleus, confounding some expectations.
See also
List of galaxies
List of the nearest galaxies
List of spiral galaxies
References
Further reading
External links
ESA/Hubble, "Distant galaxy core in the Hubble GOODS North field", NASA, ESA, and E. Nelson (Yale University, USA) 27 August 2014 ; (accessed 14-09-14)
Hubblesite, "NASA Telescopes Help Uncover Early Construction Phase of Giant Galaxy", 27 August 2014, (STScI-2014-37), NASA
phys.org, "Witnessing the early growth of a giant", 27 August 2014 (with video)
Nature, "Structural properties of GOODS-N-774", (with PowerPoint) (accessed 09-14-14)
Protogalaxies
Ursa Major (constellation)
PP7 may refer to:
PP7 battery, a 9-volt battery much larger than the PP3 commonly used in smoke detectors
PP7, a weapon used in the video game GoldenEye 007 based on the Walther PPK German police pistol
Patrick Peterson (born 1990), American football player
Puyo Puyo 7, a video game by SEGA
, a deblocking filter from the mplayer and later also ffmpeg project
Sergey or Sergei Abramov may refer to:
Sergei Abramov (futsal player) (born 1990), Russian futsal player
Sergei Abramov (ice hockey, born 1956), Russian ice hockey player and coach
Sergei Abramov (ice hockey, born 1959), Russian ice hockey player
Sergei Abramov (ice hockey, born 1993), Russian ice hockey player
Sergei Abramov (mathematician) (born 1957), Russian mathematician
Sergey Abramov (politician) (born 1972), Moscow-based executive of Russian Railways and a former politician
DeVon is a given name.
People bearing it include:
DeVon Hardin (born 1986), American professional basketball player
DeVon Walker (born 1985), American former indoor football player
See also
De'von Hall (born 1985), former American football player
At the 1900 Summer Olympics, twenty-three athletics events were contested. Altogether, 117 athletes from 15 nations competed. A total of 68 medals (23 gold, 23 silver, 22 bronze) were awarded. In many countries, due in part to the conflation of the Olympic Games and the World's Fair in Paris, the media discussed only the athletics events under the "Olympic" name while ignoring the incredible variety of other sports featured at the time.
The 23 events listed are those currently considered to have been of Olympic stature by the International Olympic Committee and most Olympic historians. They exclude all events that used a handicap system, as well as all events which were open to professional athletes. The IOC has never decided which events were "Olympic" and which were not.
Competitions were held on 14 July, 15 July, 16 July, 19 July, and 22 July. This included Bastille Day, which is a French holiday, and then Sunday, which many of the American athletes protested. Even with many Americans not competing in finals because of confusion caused by the organizers' decision to count scores achieved on Monday, 16 July for finals held on Sunday, 15 July and subsequent rescission of that decision, the United States won more than 4 times as many medals as any other nation, including 16 of the 23 gold medals.
The conditions of competition were also subpar compared even to those at the previous games in 1896. There was no track for the Paris Games, as a grass field dotted with trees and of unequal elevation was used. The course was 500 metres in length, an unusual distance for a track.
Medal summary
These medals are retroactively assigned by the International Olympic Committee; at the time, winners were given silver medals.
Daily summary
14 July
All rounds, including the finals, for the 100 metres and the 110 metre hurdles were held. The United States took 5 of the medals, missing only the bronze medal in the 100 metres won by Stan Rowley of Australia. Frank Jarvis won the 100 metres, with Alvin Kraenzlein taking the gold in the 110 metre hurdles.
In the 400 metre heats, the United States took 5 qualifying spots for the final while Denmark secured the last one. The 800 metres was more balanced, with 3 Americans and one athlete each from France, Great Britain, and Hungary.
The 400 metre hurdles semifinals eliminated only one athlete, with the other four advancing to the finals.
Defending discus and shot put champion Robert Garrett failed to make a mark in the qualification round of the discus throw, but did advance to the final in the shot put. Bohemia advanced a thrower in the discus, an event which saw 5 athletes from 5 different nations qualify.
Surprising few, Kraenzlein and Meyer Prinstein took the top two spots in the long jump qualification, moving to the final along with a third American, a Briton, and a Frenchman.
15 July
In a busy day for the athletics program, 10 finals were held along with the semifinals of the 60 metres (which was one of the events with a final that day). The United States took 7 of the championships, with Great Britain, Canada, and Hungary each picking up one.
Kraenzlein took the top spots in the 60 metres and the long jump, the latter victory allegedly earning him a punch in the face from Prinstein, who had not competed because the final was held on a Sunday. This brought Kraenzlein's total to 3 gold medals, better than any athlete had done four years earlier. Irving Baxter also took gold in two events, the high jump and the pole vault.
Denmark won its first athletics medal, with a bronze in the 400 metres. Charles Bennett's gold in the 1500 metres gave Britain its first gold in the sport. Canada's George Orton took two medals, a gold and a bronze, for the debut nation. Hungary won its first gold with the discus throw, adding a bronze in the high jump. Bohemia, another nation making its debut, took the silver medal in the discus.
The steeplechase made its Olympic debut, with the 2500 metre version won by Orton.
16 July
Eight more finals were held on Monday the 16th. Kraenzlein picked up a fourth victory with the 200 metre hurdles, winning both his semifinal and the final to set a long-lived Olympic record for athletic gold medals in individual events. Ray Ewry won all three of the standing jumps, each of which made its Olympic debut in 1900. Great Britain picked up another pair of gold medals with the 800 metres and the 4000 metre steeplechase. Prinstein got his long-awaited victory in the triple jump, while John Flanagan's hammer throw earned the United States its 6th championship of the day.
India's debut Games reached a high point with Norman Pritchard's silver medal in the 200 metre hurdles.
19 July
The marathon was the only event held on the 19th. Michel Théato of Luxembourg won the gold medal, giving that nation a perfect 1:1 ratio of championships to entries. Sweden earned its first athletics medal with the bronze in the marathon.
22 July
The two remaining events were held on Sunday the 22nd. The semifinals of the 200 metres and the finals of that event and the 5000 metre team race were held.
Pritchard won his second silver medal in the 200 metres, while Rowley won his third bronze in the same event. The race was won by Walter Tewksbury, bringing his total for the Games to 5 medals, including 2 gold medals.
The 5000 metre team race was won by the British team, assisted by Rowley of Australia. This makes Rowley the only athlete in Olympic history to win gold medals for multiple nations in the same Games; the establishment of National Olympic Committees ensures this accomplishment will remain unique. Also of note is that Rowley did not finish the race: it was far longer than the sprinter was accustomed to running, and after having been injured and reduced to walking, he retired after everyone else had crossed the finish line to accept last place.
Participating nations
Notes
References
International Olympic Committee.
De Wael, Herman. Herman's Full Olympians: "Athletics 1900". Accessed 18 March 2006. Available electronically at .
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900
International athletics competitions hosted by France
Athletics in Paris
David Cawthorne Haines (9 May 1970 – 13 September 2014) was a British aid worker who was captured by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) in early 2013 and beheaded in early September 2014.
Early life and career
Haines was born in East Yorkshire, moving to Perth, Scotland, as a child and prior to his capture resided in Sisak, Croatia, as a father of two. Haines had been an aircraft engineer in the Royal Air Force before turning to work in humanitarian aid in 1999. He helped victims of conflict in the former Yugoslavia, Africa and the Middle East. In 2012, he was an unarmed security worker for Nonviolent Peaceforce, a civilian peacekeeping group in South Sudan.
Kidnapping
Haines was abducted in March 2013 by an unidentified armed gang while working in a Syrian internally displaced persons (IDP) camp run by the aid group Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development (ACTED). He was kidnapped near the Atmeh refugee camp near the Turkish border and the Syrian province of Idlib. He was seized along with an Italian aid worker named Federico Motka. Their Syrian translator and driver were not taken. The translator later said that insurgents shot out the tyres and surrounded their vehicle on a country road.
Haines' family were ordered by UK Foreign Office not to speak to anybody about the abduction, an instruction that continued even after the abduction became public when Haines appeared in the purported Sotloff execution video that threatened Haines would be the next victim. The UK Foreign Office had also requested the British media to not publish Haines' identity, fearing for his safety. When international press published his name after release of the video, UK media decided to also publish it, with The Independent stating that "no purpose is served by continuing to withhold his name".
Rescue attempt
After the surfacing of the Steven Sotloff execution video, UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond revealed that the aid worker was one of the intended targets of the American rescue mission. The mission failed reportedly because the jihadist group had moved the hostages prior to the arrival of American commandos. Few details about a second rescue attempt were revealed.
Appearance in Steven Sotloff video
The abduction of the aid worker came to worldwide attention after being shown at the end of the Steven Sotloff execution video. The video was discovered on 2 September 2014 by SITE Intelligence Group, purportedly ahead of its intended release by Al-Furqan Media Productions. The individual was shown with Jihadi John and was declared to be the next possible victim of the militant group Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL/ISIS). At the end of the Steven Sotloff beheading video, Jihadi John is shown holding a named British humanitarian aid worker by his orange jumpsuit saying "We take this opportunity to warn those governments that enter this evil alliance of America against ISIL to back off and leave our people alone."
British response
The day after the Steven Sotloff execution video surfaced, British prime minister David Cameron told the House of Commons: "I am sure the whole House, and the whole country, will join with me in condemning the sickening and brutal murder of another American hostage, and share our shock and anger that it again appears to have been carried out by a British citizen. All our thoughts are with the British hostage and his family. Their ordeal is unimaginable." He concluded: "A country like ours will not be cowed by these barbaric killers. If they think we will weaken in the face of their threats, they are wrong. It will have the opposite effect. We will be more forthright in the defence of the values, liberty under the rule of law, freedom, democracy that we hold dear."
Death
A video of the lead up and aftermath of Haines' beheading, entitled "A Message to the Allies of America", was released by ISIL on 13 September 2014. The video, following a similar format to the ones for Foley and Sotloff, started with a clip of a press statement by Prime Minister Cameron followed by a title screen. It then showed Haines delivering a prepared speech. Next, the executioner makes a statement, then puts his knife to Haines' throat and makes cutting motions as the video fades to black. In the final scene, the executioner is holding the orange jumpsuit of another person, named as British aid worker Alan Henning, saying "If you, Cameron, insist on fighting the Islamic State then you, like your master Obama, will have the blood of your people on your hands."
On 22 October 2016, a memorial for David Haines was unveiled in a garden at Perth railway station. It was dedicated by former colleagues at Abellio ScotRail.
On 19 May 2019, his daughter Bethany vowed to go to Syria to retrieve her father's body. She had decided to launch a campaign and appeal to anyone who may have information about her father's remains. She has also befriended freed captive Motka who was with her father.
See also
2014 American intervention in Iraq
2014 ISIL beheading incidents
Beheading in Islamism
Steven Sotloff
Foreign hostages in Iraq
James Foley (journalist)
Nick Berg
Kenneth Bigley
John Cantlie
Austin Tice
Daniel Pearl
The Beatles, terrorist cell of the Islamic State that guarded and beheaded Sotloff
References
Notes
1970 births
2010s missing person cases
2014 deaths
20th-century Royal Air Force personnel
British humanitarians
British aid workers
British people murdered abroad
British people taken hostage
English terrorism victims
Filmed executions
Foreign hostages in Syria
Kidnapped British people
Kidnappings by Islamists
Male murder victims
Missing person cases in Syria
People beheaded by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
Terrorism deaths in Syria
Royal Air Force airmen
Beheading videos
Filmed killings in Asia
The 1952 Tangerine Bowl was an American college football bowl game played after the 1951 season, on January 1, 1952, at the Tangerine Bowl stadium in Orlando, Florida. The Stetson Hatters with a record of 7–1–2 played the Arkansas State Indians (now the Arkansas State Red Wolves) with a record of 10–1. Stetson won by a score of 35–20.
Game summary
The first quarter of the game saw only one score; a 5-yard rush for an Arkansas State touchdown. The quarter ended 7–0, Indians.
The second quarter featured minimal scoring as well; Stetson tied the game after a 2–yard pass to make it 7–7, though the Indians quickly recovered and scored their second touchdown to give them back the lead. The extra point was missed, however, and the game went to halftime 13–7 with Arkansas State in the lead.
Stetson's offense took off in the third quarter, finding the end zone on three occasions: two passes (23 and 30 yards) and a 5–yard rush. All extra points were converted, and the Hatters took a 28–13 lead into the final quarter after their defense pitched a shutout in the third quarter.
The fourth quarter saw both teams score one final time, both touchdowns, and the game finished 35–20 in favor of Stetson.
This was the Hatters' first bowl victory in their first bowl appearance (and the only appearance to date), making them 1–0 overall in bowl games.
Statistics
References
Tangerine Bowl
Citrus Bowl (game)
Arkansas State Red Wolves football bowl games
Stetson Hatters football bowl games
Tangerine Bowl
Tangerine Bowl
Exposition is the debut album by the band Wax on Radio.
Track listing
"Today I Became a Realist" - 5:37
"Time Will Bind Us to the Guilt of Commitment" - 5:54
"Remembering" - 5:57
"Guilding the Lily" - 5:13
"The General of Medicine City" - 5:27
"Dawn Architects" - 4:02
"When in Rome..." - 7:45
"The Devil" - 7:05
"Give Me a Place to Stand and I Will Move the Earth" - 7:46
Personnel
Band
Mikey Russell – vocals, guitar
Bob Buckstaff – guitar, Wurlitzer, tambourine
Harrison Taylor – bass guitar, bells
Sammy Del Real – drums, percussion
Other Personnel
Mathieu Lejeune – engineer
Will Brierre – assistant engineer
Steve Hall – mastering
Mark Needham – mixing
Justin Perkins – drum engineering
External links
Exposition @ amazon.com retrieved 11-12-07
Exposition @ Bliiboard.com retrieved 11-12-07
Wax on Radio albums
2006 debut albums
Paolo Valoti (born 19 April 1971 in Alzano Lombardo) is an Italian former racing cyclist.
Major results
1986
Junior National Road Champion
1991
3rd GP Capodarco
1992
3rd Gran Premio Industria e Commercio Artigianato Carnaghese
1995
1st Tour de Wallonie
1st Gran Premio della Liberazione
1st GP Capodarco
1996
1st stage 8 Volta a Portugal
1st Trofeo dello Scalatore (3)
1997
5th Giro di Lombardia
2000
1st stage 4 Ster ZLM Toer
2001
1st stage 1 Settimana Ciclistica Lombarda
1st Coppa Bernocchi
2nd Tre Valli Varesine
3rd Gran Premio Bruno Beghelli
2003
10th Clásica de San Sebastián
2004
3rd Gran Premio Nobili Rubinetterie
2005
1st Coppa Agostoni
1st Coppa Placci
References
1971 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
People from Alzano Lombardo
Cyclists from the Province of Bergamo
Olga Alekseevna Morozova (; born 10 March 1995) is a Russian badminton player. In 2016, she won double titles at the Estonian International tournament in the women's and mixed doubles event.
Achievements
European Championships
Women's doubles
BWF World Tour (1 runner-up)
The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tours are divided into levels of World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
Women's doubles
BWF Grand Prix (1 title, 1 runner-up)
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series (7 titles, 8 runners-up)
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
Russian female badminton players
María Antonia Martínez García (born 18 May 1953) is a Spanish politician and member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) from the Region of Murcia who served as the third President of the Region of Murcia from April 1993 to June 1995.
References
1953 births
Presidents of the Region of Murcia
Members of the Regional Assembly of Murcia
Politicians from the Region of Murcia
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politicians
Living people
Deen Next Stage is the ninth studio album by Japanese pop band Deen. It was released on 25 February 2009 under BMG Japan.
Background
The release gasp between previous album Diamonds are two and half year.
It makes the biggest release gasp of recording in their whole career.
The album consists of only one previously released single, Eien no Ashita.
Leader Kouji Yamane will perform in the album his solo song "Lonely Wolf".
Leading track Eien no Ashita has received special ballad version exclusively for this album.
This album was released in two formats: regular CD edition and limited CD+DVD edition. In DVD disc is countdown live from their performance Deen Live Joy Break-13~Next Stage~.
This is their last album which was released under BMG Japan. On their next album Lovers Concerto, they moved to different music label, Ariola Japan.
Charting performance
The album reached #16 in its first week and charted for 3 weeks, selling 12,000 copies.
Track listing
In media
Eien no Ashita - theme song for Nintendo DS game Tales of Hearts
References
Sony Music albums
Japanese-language albums
2009 albums
Deen (band) albums
Lloyds and National Provincial Foreign Bank Limited was a joint venture in France between London-based Lloyds Bank and National Provincial Bank, which existed from 1917 to 1955.
History
Lloyds Bank (France) Limited was established in 1911, following the acquisition of Paris bankers, Armstrong & Co, the agent of various English banks. In 1917, National Provincial Bank of England acquired a 50 per cent shareholding in the French operation, which became Lloyds Bank (France) and National Provincial Bank (France) Limited until it was renamed Lloyds and National Provincial Foreign Bank Limited in 1919.
The bank's branches were run by locals during the occupation and the German administration exercised a considerable amount of control over policy after 1942. However, the Geneva branch remained under the control of London throughout the war and assisted the Allied war effort by the purchase of German, Italian and French notes for the British Legation to be used by British Secret Service.
Lloyds Bank Europe
The bank, which was not especially profitable, was always perceived as a Lloyds venture and attracted little reciprocal business for National Provincial at home. Consequently, National Provincial Bank sold its interest back to Lloyds Bank in 1955 and the subsidiary was renamed Lloyds Bank (Foreign) Limited, which became Lloyds Bank Europe Limited in 1964. Lloyds Bank Europe was merged with the Bank of London and South America in 1971, to form Lloyds Bank International and the former Lloyds Bank Europe business was renamed Lloyds Bank International (France) Limited. When Lloyds Bank International was wound down in 1986, it reverted to the original Lloyds Bank (France) name.
In 1989, the operations of the Paris branch and its banking subsidiary in Cannes, Lloyds Bank (France) S.A. (formerly Lloyds Bank (Cannes) S.A.) passed to Lloyds Bank S.A. and the following year the undertaking of the Monte Carlo branch passed to the parent Lloyds Bank Plc. Lloyds Bank (France) continued as a holding company under that name until 1991. The French wealth management business was divested to UBS AG in 2003 and merged into UBS (France) S.A. To reflect the change in ownership, the legal entity Lloyds Bank S.A. was renamed UBS Wealth Management (France) S.A.
See also
International Westminster Bank
NatWest International
References
Lloyds Banking Group
NatWest Group
Banks established in 1917
Banks disestablished in 1955
Defunct banks of the United Kingdom
Kenneth Helfrich (28 March 1927 – 15 February 1982) was a South African cricketer who played first-class cricket for Griqualand West and North-Eastern Transvaal between 1950 and 1959. He was the youngest of four brothers who all played first-class cricket.
Helfrich played irregularly in first-class cricket: eight matches in 11 seasons. In his second match he made 87 and took 5 for 46 for Griqualand West against Eastern Province. In 1956–57, in his first match for North-Eastern Transvaal, he scored 71 in a team total of 125 against the touring MCC; Wisden noted: "Helfrich, who batted without gloves, made several fine drives in a stay of two and a half hours. Extras was the next best score."
References
External links
1927 births
1982 deaths
South African cricketers
Griqualand West cricketers
Northerns cricketers
Cricketers from Kimberley, Northern Cape
Rose Marie Reid, born Rose Marie Yancey (September 12, 1906 in Cardston, Alberta, Canada – December 16, 1978 in Provo, Utah, United States), was a successful Canadian-born American swimsuit designer from the 1940s–'60s.
Family
Rose Marie Yancey was born to William Elvie Yancey Sr. and Marie Hyde Yancey on September 12, 1906 in Cardston, Alberta, Canada. Her mother taught her to sew. In 1916, her family moved to a farm in Weiser, Idaho. In 1925, she purchased a beauty salon in Oregon. Shortly after, she married Gareth Rhynhart, a traveling artist. They divorced in 1935.
Reid moved to Vancouver, British Columbia following her divorce. Reid married Jack Crossman Reid on November 30, 1935. She had three children with him, Bruce Alan Reid (1937-2015), Sharon Reid Alden (1938), and Carole Marie Reid Burr (1940-2020). Due to infidelity and abuse, Reid ended her marriage to Jack on April 10, 1946. The divorce helped precipitate her large business move to California in 1949.
Career
Early career in Canada
Reid began her swimsuit designing career in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. She was inspired to design swimsuits by the fact that her husband, Jack, complained about the material and comfort of his swimwear. Her design business began in 1936 with Reid's Holiday Togs, Ltd. Lacing up both sides was typical of her earliest swimsuits and a 1938 example is preserved at the New Westminster Museum and Archives in Canada (Artifact # IH 994.76.68). In her first year of business, Reid employed 16 employees, grossed $10,000 and designed only six suits.
Rose Marie Reid, Inc.
On September 20, 1946, Reid launched her American business, Rose Marie Reid, Inc. However, she still maintained her Canadian business. By 1946, 50% of the swimsuits sold in Canada were her designs. Her swimsuits dominated the American market and were popular in Western Europe, South America, and Australia. After starting her American business, Reid lived in her Los Angeles factory until she purchased a home in Brentwood, California in 1949.
Reid was known for innovative and fashionable swimsuit designs and production. She was the first swimsuit designer to use inner brassieres, tummy-tuck panels, stay-down legs, elastic banding, brief skirts, and foundation garments in swimwear. She was also the first designer to introduce dress sizes in swimwear, designing swimwear for multiple sizes and types of bodies, rather than just producing one standard size. Reid filed for a U.S. Patent in 1950 for a one-piece bathing suit using elastic fabric and that lacked buttons. Her company patented a machine for a fagotting stitch that became a hallmark of her designs. She had several other patents for swimsuits and accessories.
Among her designs, was the "Hourglass" suit, introduced in 1951 which was produced in many variations. It went on to become one of her company's all-time best sellers. Her "Magic Length" swimsuit line featured an inner "miracle bra," tuck-away straps, a tummy control panel, stay-down leg, and elasticized back to keep the bodice from gapping. With its numerous adaptations for different body types, the "Magic Length" became a Rose Marie Reid classic and remained popular through the 1950s.
Reid had sales offices in Los Angeles, Chicago, Miami, New York City, London, Amsterdam, and Paris. Her success led her to travel frequently meeting with sales people to provide instruction on fabrics, styles, and designs. She was the first woman in the United States to fly 500,000 miles.
Awards and success
In 1958, Reid was awarded the Sporting Look of the Year Award by Sports Illustrated and in 1955 she was named one of the Ten Women of the Year by the Los Angeles Times. While she didn't win, she was also nominated for Designer of the Year in 1956 by Sports Illustrated. Her company was extremely successful in the 1950s. The 1951 gross of Rose Marie Reid, Inc. of $3.5 million increased nearly fivefold to $18.1 million by 1960. Combined, her Canadian and U.S. factories increased production between 1952 and 1959 from 1,000 to 10,000 suits per day.
Hollywood fame
Part of Reid's success was due to her influence in Hollywood and the motion picture industry. Famous screen actresses, including Rita Hayworth, Marilyn Monroe, Jane Russell, and Rhonda Fleming wore her swimsuits. Rita Hayworth famously wore the "Glittering Metallic Lamé" suit to publicize her 1946 hit film, Gilda. Her suits also appeared in several California beach party films from the late 1950s and the early 1960s, including Gidget (film), Muscle Beach Party, and Where the Boys Are.
Religion
Rose Marie Reid was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. She shared her faith with neighbors and business associates. She also had many Jewish friends with whom she shared her beliefs. She did some of this work in the 1950s in cooperation with LeGrand Richards and Hugh Nibley. Reid suggested that Richards title his book Israel! Do You Know? (instead of the original Judah! Do Yo Know?). With Richards' encouragement, Reid authored a lesson plan for explaining Mormonism to Jewish investigators. Rose Marie also helped with many fundraising efforts for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, including fundraising for the construction of church buildings and the Los Angeles California Temple in 1954. Rose Marie designed the "Starlight" swimsuit and had local Relief Society members sew sequins onto the suits. This suit, also known as the "Relief Society Suit," sold for $50. She donated the profits from this extremely commercially successful suit to the construction fund for the temple. "Starlight" was so popular that Life Magazine ran a two-and-a-half page spread about the suit's success in 1956. In 1959, Rose Marie was asked by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints to redesign LDS temple garments. Rose Marie was also a very generous benefactor to Brigham Young University and served on the National Advisory Council. She also gave a "Devotional" speech at Brigham Young University in 1953.
Legacy
Reid left her company in 1963 over disagreements over the design and production of bikinis. She moved to Provo, Utah in 1967 to be closer to family. In the late 1960s, Reid helped her son, Bruce, start The R&M Living Wig company. She died on December 16, 1978 in her daughter Carole's home in Provo, Utah.
The largest holding of Rose Marie Reid's papers and swimsuits is in the L. Tom Perry Special Collections of the Harold B. Lee Library at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah (see external links). On August 17, 2015, the Harold B. Lee Library launched a 9-month exhibit about Reid's life and career entitled Rose Marie Reid: Glamour by Design. An online exhibit was also released in conjunction with the actual exhibit . Both exhibits were curated by the L. Tom Perry Special Collections curator of 20th- and 21st-century Western and Mormon Americana manuscripts, John Murphy.
References
External links
Carole Reid Burr and Sharon Reid Alden Collection on Rose Marie Reid from L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University
1906 births
1978 deaths
American fashion designers
American women fashion designers
American Latter Day Saints
Canadian Latter Day Saints
People from Cardston
Canadian emigrants to the United States
People from Weiser, Idaho
20th-century American women
Harold B. Lee Library-related 19th century articles
Gesche Schünemann (born 18 November 1982) is a German former wheelchair basketball player and Paralympian who was part of the team that took the silver medal in the women's wheelchair basketball at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, and the gold medal-winning team in wheelchair basketball at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
After a promising basketball career was cut short by an Anterior cruciate ligament injury when she was a teenager, Schünemann took up wheelchair basketball, playing her
first game in 2000. She went on to win five national championships with RSV Lahn-Dill. She began training with the national team in November 2005, and made her international debut at the European championships in 2007.
Biography
Gesche Schünemann was born in Gießen on 18 November 1982. She was a swimmer and basketball player. Playing in a seconds game against TSV Grünberg, she was knocked down by , resulting in a torn anterior cruciate ligament and cartilage damage. Several operations failed to restore her knee to a state where she could play professional basketball, although she is still able to walk.
This ended Schünemann's basketball career for a time. She moved to Tübingen, where she studied sports management with a focus on sports marketing at the University of Tübingen. In 2012, she worked full-time as a marketing consultant for an energy company. Schünemann did some coaching and played for the regional league, but her knee still bothered her and national league offers were cancelled.
Andreas Joneck, who later became the manager of RSV Lahn-Dill persuaded Schünemann to try wheelchair basketball. She began playing for the seconds on her 18th birthday. RSV Lahn-Dill went on to win the national championship in 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013, with Schünemann playing forward. In 2013, Schünemann moved to Hamburg, where her boyfriend Christian lives, and now plays forward-center for BG Baskets Hamburg, a mixed gender team. In April 2014, she was part of the BG Baskets Hamburg team that won the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation Euro League Challenge Cup, its first International title.
In November 2005, Schünemann began training with the national team. She made her international debut at the European championships in 2007. The German national team won gold at the European championships, and went on to win it again in 2009 and 2011 before losing to the Netherlands in 2013. In September 2008, she participated in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, but Germany was beaten in the gold medal game by the United States team, taking home Paralympic silver medals instead. After the Paralympics, the team's performance was considered impressive enough for it to be named the national "Team of the Year", and it received the Silver Laurel Leaf, Germany's highest sporting honour, from German President Horst Köhler.
The German team hoped for a rematch against the United States at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, but instead faced the team that had beaten the Americans, the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team. They defeated the Australians in front of a crowd of over 12,000 to win the gold medal, Gesche Schünemann the first time that Germany had won in women's wheelchair basketball at the Paralympics since 1984. They were awarded a second Silver Laurel Leaf by President Joachim Gauck in November 2012, and were again named Team of the Year for 2012.
After the Paralympics, Schünemann was required to rest for three months after surgery to repair the damaged tendons of the little right finger, but returned for the European Championships in 2013, which Germany lost to the Netherlands. In 2014, she won silver at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Toronto, where the German team was defeated by Canada in the final. The German team beat the Netherlands in the 2015 European Championships, to claim its tenth European title. At the 2016 Paralympic Games, it won silver after losing the final to the United States.
She retired from wheelchair basketball in 2016 and from the national team in 2018.
Achievements
2007: Gold European Championships (Wetzlar, Germany)
2008: Silver Paralympic Games (Beijing, China)
2009: Gold European Championships (Stoke Mandeville, England)
2010: Silver World Championships (Birmingham, England)
2011: Gold European Championships (Nazareth, Israel)
2012: Gold Paralympic Games (London, England)
2013: Silver European Championships (Frankfurt, Germany)
2014: Silver at the World Championships (Toronto, Canada)
2015: Gold at the European Championships (Worcester, England)
2016: Silver at the Paralympic Games (Rio de Janeiro, Brazil)
Awards
2008: Team of the Year
2008: Silver Laurel Leaf
2012: Team of the Year
2012: Silver Laurel Leaf
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
German women's wheelchair basketball players
Paralympic wheelchair basketball players of Germany
Paralympic gold medalists for Germany
Paralympic silver medalists for Germany
Paralympic medalists in wheelchair basketball
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Wheelchair basketball players at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Recipients of the Silver Laurel Leaf
Centers (basketball)
Forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Giessen
The Fiat Tipo 2B is a car produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat between 1912 and 1920.
The Tipo 2B has a 2815 cc four-cylinder side-valve monoblock engine with 80 mm bore, a 140 mm stroke, and a compression ratio of 4.2:1, producing 28 hp at 1800 rpm. The standard tire on this model is an 815X105. The Tipo 2B has a 4-speed gearbox and a factory top speed of /.
Early Tipo 2B cars had an angular radiator shell, with later production models having a taller pear-shaped radiator shell.
The Tipo 2B from-the-factory chassis, ready for installation of various body styles, weighed .
2,332 were produced between 1912 and 1914.
They are also known as the "52B," from the Fiat model number for the engine installed in the Tipo 2B.
The Tipo 2B was a scaled-up version of the Fiat model Zero.
References
2B
1910s cars
1920s cars
Vehicles introduced in 1912
Vrablic is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Igor Vrablic (born 1965), Canadian former soccer player
Rosemary Vrablic (born 1960/61), American banker
Bellamy Storer (August 28, 1847November 12, 1922) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1891 to 1895. He later served as a diplomat for the United States, serving as minister or ambassador to Belgium, Spain, and Austria.
Biography
Storer was born in Cincinnati, Ohio, the son of Bellamy Storer (1796–1875) and uncle of Nicholas Longworth. Storer attended the common schools in Cincinnati and Dixwell's private Latin school, Boston, Massachusetts. He was graduated from Harvard University in 1867 and from the law school of Cincinnati College (now University of Cincinnati College of Law) in 1869.
He was admitted to the bar in 1869 and commenced practice in Cincinnati. He served as assistant United States attorney for the southern district of Ohio in 1869 and 1870.
Storer's wife, Maria Longworth Nichols Storer, was the founder of Rookwood Pottery located in Cincinnati, Ohio. They married in 1886. Her Cincinnati connections were a great boost to Storer's standing in the city.
Congress
Storer was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-second and Fifty-third Congresses (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1895). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1894, but resumed the practice of law. He was Assistant Secretary of State in 1897.
Diplomatic posts
Storer promoted William McKinley in his campaigns for governor of Ohio and president of the United States. This service was remembered in McKinley's assignment of him to be Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Belgium from May 4, 1897, to April 11, 1899. He was later assumed the same post for Spain from April 12, 1899, to September 26, 1902. His friend Theodore Roosevelt then assigned him as the ambassador to Austria-Hungary from 1903 to March 1906.
Although Roosevelt asked Storer to intervene with the Pope regarding a cardinalate for John Ireland, Roosevelt later had second thoughts, and Storer's activity on Ireland's behalf led to his dismissal from the Austria-Hungary post. Storer converted to Roman Catholicism from Episcopal Church in 1896.
Last years and death
Afterwards Storer resumed the practice of law. He died in Paris, France, November 12, 1922, and was interred in Le Cimetiere Neuf in Marvejols.
Notes
Sources
1847 births
1922 deaths
Harvard University alumni
Politicians from Cincinnati
Ohio lawyers
Ambassadors of the United States to Austria-Hungary
Ambassadors of the United States to Belgium
Ambassadors of the United States to Spain
United States Department of Justice lawyers
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Anglicanism
19th-century American diplomats
20th-century American diplomats
Catholics from Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Mark Philippoussis won the title, defeating Àlex Corretja 7–6(7–3), 1–6, 6–4 in the final.
Slava Doseděl was the defending champion, but was defeated by Mark Philippoussis in the semifinals.
Seeds
Thomas Enqvist (second round)
Carlos Moyà (quarterfinals)
Wayne Ferreira (second round)
Félix Mantilla (first round)
Alberto Berasategui (second round)
Àlex Corretja (final)
Marc Rosset (semifinals)
Mark Philippoussis (champion)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1997 BMW Open Singles draw
Singles
Aktam ancient settlement dates back to the X–XII centuries and was located in Almaty region, Balkhash district, on the Bank of the dry arm of Ortabakanas, on the territory of the saryesik-Atyrau desert, 120 km North of the village of Bakanas.
History
The primary descriptions of the existence of the ruins of ancient cities on the southern shore of lake Balkhash date back to the end of the XIX century. In 1884, the Notes of the West Siberian Department of the Russian geographical society published an article by Colonel V. A. Fischer, dedicated to navigation on the Ili river. In this article, the author writes about the ruins of villages and the remains of irrigation structures that could be observed along the dried-up Bakanas. In the 1960s, under the leadership of K. A. Akishev, K. M. Baypakov and L. B. Yerzakovich, archaeological research was conducted on the site. The settlement of Aktam dates back to the X–XII centuries. The cities of the southern Balkhash region were relatively short-lived. The fragments of pottery can be dated to their origin in the 10th century, life ceased in them at the beginning of the XIII century. The city of Actam was part of a chain of fortified settlements on the route of the medieval caravan routes. From Talkhiz, the Northern road followed the Talgar river to a crossing on the Ili river, which was located near the Kapchagai reservoir. After it, the path led to Shengeldy, one of the routes then followed to the lower reaches Or along the Ortasu channel (Ili River), where the remains of the cities of Karamergen, Aktam and Agashayak are located to the shore of Balkhash, and then along the Uzun-Aral Peninsula, which almost connects the southern and Northern shores of the lake, leaving a Strait a little more than 8 km wide. then the caravans waded through the Strait and went to the mouth of the Tokrau river and then along its banks went to the foothills of Ulutau.
Description of the monument
The ruins of the city are a raised rectangular area surrounded by a wall. The settlement is oriented to the cardinal angles, its long South-Western and North-Eastern walls are 180 m, and the short South-Eastern and North-Western walls are 170 m. All four corners are reinforced by strongly protruding round towers with a diameter of 10–12 m, retaining a height of 2.5–3 m. the Long walls had 4 towers, 35 m from each other, short - two towers, flanking the entrances to the city. The hill of the fortress has dimensions of 180×170 meters, in the corners, between the round towers, there are gates with a height of 2 m.
The entrances are arranged in the form of L-shaped corridors. The enemy could always be hit by dozens of arrows fired at him from the right side, from which he was not covered by a shield. The inner surface of the settlement is a flat area, sometimes zatakyrnuyu and overgrown with saxaul. On the West side of Aktam, five miles away, archaeologists discovered the bed of the main channel, derived from the dry bed of Artabanus with a length of 20 km. Ware discovered during the excavation are presented mugs, pitchers, large Hamami, bowls, bowls, artisans-potters made in their workshops. All dishes are made on a Potter's wheel, this is one of the most important signs characteristic of the developed Middle Ages. The surface of the vessels is decorated with inset wavy lines, stamp impressions in the form of ring-shaped and triangular indentations. There are glazed ceramics of the XI – beginning of the XIII century.
Location
Almaty region, Balkhash district, on the Bank of the dry arm of Ortabakanas, on the territory of the saryesik-Atyrau desert, 120 km North of the village of Bakanas.
Preservation of the monument
The monument is under state protection, but it is not included in the State list of historical and cultural monuments of local significance in Almaty region, 2010.there is no Physical protection of the monument in place.
Sources of information about the monument
Baypakov K. M., Yerzakovich L. B. Ancient cities of Kazakhstan. Alma-ATA, 1971.
Baypakov K., Voyakin D. Kazakhstan section of the silk road. Almaty. 2012.
References
History of Kazakhstan
Sarcodes is the monotypic genus of a north-west American flowering springtime plant in the heath family (Ericaceae), containing the single species Sarcodes sanguinea, commonly called the snow plant or snow flower. It is a parasitic plant that derives sustenance and nutrients from mycorrhizal fungi that attach to tree roots. Lacking chlorophyll, it is unable to photosynthesize. Ectomycorrhizal (EM) symbioses involve a mutualism between a plant root and a fungus; the plant provides fixed carbon to the fungus and in return, the fungus provides mineral nutrients, water, and protection from pathogens to the plant. The snow plant takes advantage of this mutualism by tapping into the network and stealing sugars from the photosynthetic partner by way of the fungus. This is known as mycoheterotrophy. The snow plant is host-specific and can only form relationships with the ectomycorrhizal Basidiomycete Rhizopogon ellenae.
The plant's aboveground tissue is its inflorescence, a raceme of bright scarlet red flowers wrapped in many strap-like, pointed bracts with fringed edges, themselves bright red to orange in color.
S. sanguinea is native to montane areas of the California Floristic Province, from the Oregon Cascade Range (as far north as the Umpqua River), through the mountains of California including the Transverse Ranges (though it is absent from the California Coast Ranges between the Klamath Mountains), and into the Sierra de San Pedro Mártir range of northern Baja California.
Its species epithet sanguinea refers to the striking red flower that emerges from the sometimes still snow-covered ground in early spring or summer; this may be as late as July in high elevations, such as those of the High Sierra Nevada and Cascades. The genus epithet Sarcodes comes from the Greek sarkódes (σαρκώδες), meaning "fleshy".
According to botanist James L. Reveal, S. sanguinea is edible, if cooked.
History
Reportedly the first account of Sarcodes sanguinea, John Torrey's Plantæ Frémontianæ is a result of the collection of Sarcodes by John C. Frémont in the Central Valley, north of the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta, in the area of the Yuba River in 1853. In Plantæ Frémontianæ, Torrey gives a detailed description of Sarcodes and provides the first figures of the plant. He also incorrectly states that Sarcodes is unique to California. Another early report of S. sanguinea is attributed to Gaspard Adolphe Chatin whose 1862 description did not differ from Torrey's.
In writing
Due to its unique and striking appearance, coupled with its relatively limited geographic distribution, S. sanguinea has been a popular subject of various California naturalists. In his 1912 book, The Yosemite, famed nature writer John Muir wrote a description of Sarcodes;
In 1939, former University of California, Berkeley professor William Whittingham Lyman Jr. published a poem book called California Wild Flowers, in which he dedicated a poem to "The Snow Plant";
See alsoMonotropa''
References
External links
Calflora:Sarcodes sanguinea
Jepson Manual Treatment: Sarcodes sanguinea
Sarcodes sanguinea — U.C. Photo gallery
Further photos by James L. Reveal
The Yosemite, Chapter 8 at The Sierra Club
USDA for media and geographic distribution map
Genus Sarcodes at iNaturalist
Monotropoideae
Parasitic plants
Flora of California
Flora of Nevada
Flora of Oregon
Flora of the Cascade Range
Flora of the Klamath Mountains
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Monotypic Ericaceae genera
Billericay Rural District was a local government district in Essex, England from 1894 to 1934.
It consisted of the following parishes:
Basildon
Brentwood (1894–1899; used to create Brentwood Urban District)
Bowers Gifford
Childerditch
Downham
Dunton
East Horndon
Great Burstead
Hutton
Ingrave
Laindon
Lee Chapel
Little Burstead
Little Warley
Mountnessing
Nevendon
North Benfleet
Pitsea
Ramsden Bellhouse
Ramsden Crays
Shenfield
South Weald
Vange
West Horndon
Wickford
In 1934 the district was abolished. Hutton, Ingrave and South Weald went to Brentwood Urban District and most of the remainder went to Billericay Urban District with parts of some parishes (1,659 acres) transferred to Chelmsford Rural District.
References
Political history of Essex
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Borough of Brentwood
Borough of Basildon
Rural districts of England
Liam Ryan (born 1 January 1978) is a former hurler with the Dublin senior team and O'Tooles GAC. Ryan retired from intercounty hurling prior to the commencement of the 2012 National hurling league.
References
Living people
1978 births
Dublin inter-county hurlers
O'Tooles hurlers
Peter Lee Ka Kit (born May 20, 1963), Justice of the Peace, Gold GBS Bauhinia Star winner, co-chairman of Henderson Land Development and Hong Kong and China Gas Company, Ltd., is the elder son of Dr. Lee Shau Kee, the 24th on the list of Forbes World's Billionaires. He is currently a member of the Standing Committee of the 13th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference and vice chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
Education and early life
1963: May 20 Born in Hong Kong, with family roots in Shunde, Guangdong, China
1969: Admission to St. Paul's Primary School
1977: Studied and graduated from the Computer Science Department of the University of Keele, UK
1985: Joined the Henderson Land Development as the executive director, responsible for the mainland business and long-term committed to charity and public welfare undertakings
Career
In 1985, Lee returned to Hong Kong to join Henderson Land Development. He is currently the vice chairman of Henderson Land Development, the chairman and chief executive officer of Henderson China, and the director of the Hong Kong & China Gas Company Ltd.
In addition to the business of Henderson Land Development, Lee invested a lot of time, energy and wealth in philanthropy. Lee's charity work spans throughout both China and Hong Kong. His focus is on lifting people out of poverty, helping and improving the lives of the disadvantaged and low-income families, promoting suicide prevention and arousing awareness of poverty-stricken children in mainland China. In 2008, he founded the Centum Charitas Foundation and chaired the founding committee. The foundation motivates the second and third generations of Hong Kong entrepreneurs to participate in charity work. Through the strong network of members in the business community, they called on their companies to participate in public welfare. The cooperation between the industrial and commercial sectors and the social welfare sector covers projects including the Sichuan earthquake relief, reconstruction of schools, pre-employment training for local grassroots youth, visits and assistance to disadvantaged groups.
In 2007, he founded the Peter KK Lee Care For Life Foundation.
In 2009, he joined the Ai You Foundationand is currently the vice chairman of the organization.
By 2018, the Peter KK Lee Care of Life Foundation had helped more than 20,000 impoverished childrenwith congenital heart disease undergo life-saving surgery. The foundation has also held a series of activities such as “Beijing Summer Camp”and “Chengdu Summer Camp” to meet and learn from the children and to enhance their growth.
In 2012, Lee launched a poverty alleviation program. Non-profit chain Home Convenience Stores were set up to sell food and daily necessities to low-income families, elderlies, new arrivals, ethnic minorities and other disadvantaged groups at affordable prices to reduce the disparity between the rich and the poor. To date, more than hundreds of thousands of members have benefited from this program.
Positions
• Co-Chairman of Henderson Land Development
• Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Henderson China
• Co-Chairman of the Hong Kong & China Gas Company Ltd.
• Founder & Honorary Chairman of The Centum Charitas Foundation
• Standing Committee of the 12th & 13th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
• Founder of Peter KK Lee Care For Life Foundation
• Vice Chairman of Ai You Foundation
• Vice Chairman of the 13th All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce
• Chairman of “One Country Two Systems Research Institute”
• Hong Kong Pei Hua Education Foundation: Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee
Recognitions and Awards
• 2007: Awarded the first “Huang Yanpei Outstanding Contribution Award” by the China Vocational Education Association.
• 2008: Conferred as Honorary Trustee of Tsinghua University and complimented his Contributions in the “Clinton Global Action Plan”
• July 2009: Appointed as Hong Kong Justice of the Peace (JP)
• September 2009: Awarded Honorary University Fellowship from The University of Hong Kong
• October 2012: Awarded the Order of the Knights of the French Legion of Honor (Chevalier de la Légion ďhonneur)
• January 2013: Elected as member of the 12th CPPCC Standing Committee of the People's Republic of China (Standing Committee of the CPPCC)
• July 2014: Awarded Honorary Doctor of Business Administration from the University of Edinburgh Napier (Hon DBA, Edinburgh Napier University)
• July 2015: Awarded the Hong Kong Gold GBS Bauhinia Star (GBS)
References
1963 births
Living people
Henderson Land Development
Hong Kong Buddhists
Hong Kong financial businesspeople
Hong Kong real estate businesspeople
Members of the 13th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 2007–2012
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 2012–2017
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 2017–2021
Recipients of the Gold Bauhinia Star
Chaenactis suffrutescens is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Shasta chaenactis.
It is native to California, where it is known only from Shasta and Trinity Counties in the far northern part of the state, and also to Oregon, where it has been found in Josephine County. It grows in coniferous forests and other habitat in the Klamath Mountains and the southernmost Cascade Range mountains, sometimes on serpentine soils.
Description
Chaenactis suffrutescens is a spreading subshrub producing several branching erect stems reaching up to about 50 cm (20 inches) tall. The leaves are several centimeters long and divided into several lobes which are subdivided into smaller lobes. The leaves are coated in feltlike white woolly fibers.
The inflorescence is a cylindrical flower head atop an erect, stout peduncle. Each head is lined with glandular, hairy phyllaries and contains several white or pink-tinged disc florets with protruding anthers. The disc florets have ray-like lobes on their corollas, but there are no true ray florets.
The fruit is an achene over a centimeter long including the pappus of scales.
References
External links
Calflora Database: Chaenactis suffrutescens (Shasta chaenactis)
Jepson Manual eFlora (TJM2) treatment of Chaenactis suffrutescens
USDA Plants Profile
U.C. Calphotos gallery of Chaenactis suffrutescens
suffrutescens
Flora of California
Flora of Oregon
Flora of the Klamath Mountains
Natural history of Shasta County, California
Natural history of Trinity County, California
Shasta-Trinity National Forest
Plants described in 1880
Taxa named by Asa Gray
The Canadian Transportation Agency (CTA; , OTC) is the independent, quasi-judicial tribunal of the Government of Canada that makes decisions relating to federally-regulated modes of transportation (air, rail and marine). Its headquarters are in the Jules Léger Building (South) (Édifice Jules Léger (Sud)) in Terrasses de la Chaudière, Gatineau, Quebec.
It is responsible for:
Dispute resolution: to resolve complaints about transportation services, fares, rates, and charges;
Accessibility: to ensure that the national transportation system is accessible, particularly to persons with disabilities; and
Economic regulation: to provide approvals and licences and to make decisions on matters involving federally regulated air, rail, and marine transportation.
The agency is divided into five branches: Chair's Office; Corporate Management Branch; Legal and Alternative Dispute Resolution Services Branch; Dispute Resolution Branch; Industry Regulation and Determinations Branch.
The agency is headed by five full-time members, including the chairman and chief executive officer, and the vice chairman.
History
The history of the Canadian Transportation Agency originates in February 1904 with the establishment of the Board of Railway Commissioners, an independent body with regulatory authority over railway, and later with jurisdiction over telegraphs, telephones, and express companies.
The Board of Railway Commissioners was replaced by the Board of Transportation Commissioners through the Transport Act in 1938; this new agency held authority over inland waterways and airlines in addition to those jurisdictions inherited by the Board of Railway Commissioners. On 11 September 1944, amendments to the Transport Act provided for "the removal of commercial air services from the jurisdiction of the Board of Transport Commissioners." At the same time, the Aeronautics Act created a new Air Transport Board to provide licensing and regulatory functions.
In 1967, National Transportation Act became law and established the Canadian Transport Commission (CTC)—absorbing most of the members and staff from the previous Board of Transport Commissioners, the Air Transport Board, and the Canadian Maritime Commission—with Jack Pickersgill as president. The CTC was given mandate over all modes of transportation in Canada, "with the object of co-ordinating and harmonizing the operations of all carriers engaged in transport by railways, water, aircraft, extra-provincial motor vehicle transport and commodity pipelines."
In 1988, the new National Transportation Act overhauled the CTC and replaced it with the National Transportation Agency. On 1996 May 29, the Canada Transportation Act, also known as Bill C-14 (formerly C-101), received royal assent and established the Canadian Transportation Agency, which began operations on July 2.
Consumer responsibilities were expanded in 2000, when the post of Air Travel Complaints Commissioner was created under its stewardship. The first Air Travel Complaints Commissioner was Bruce Hood, a former veteran National Hockey League referee.
In 2020, the agency received 8000 complaints between March and September over airline policies to issue travel vouchers rather than refunds for passengers cancelling their flight bookings during the COVID-19 pandemic. The CTA posted on their website that airlines could issue travel vouchers instead of refunds, which caused Air Passenger Rights, an advocacy association, to file a lawsuit for CTA to remove this statement.
Legislation
The Canada Transportation Act is the Agency's enabling statute to implement the federal government's transportation policy.
The Agency also shares responsibility for administering other Acts and their related regulations, including:
Accessible Canada Act, 2019
Canada Marine Act
Canadian Environmental Assessment Act, 2012
Civil Air Navigation Services Commercialization Act
Coasting Trade Act
Energy Supplies Emergency Act
Pilotage Act
Railway Relocation and Crossing Act
Railway Safety Act
Shipping Conferences Exemption Act, 1987
Certificate of Fitness
The CTA is responsible for the issuance of a Certificate of Fitness for each federal railway. A board is required to evaluate details like insurance coverage, without which the railway cannot maintain its Certificate of Fitness.
References
External links
Transport in Canada
Federal departments and agencies of Canada
Canadian transport law
Organizations based in Gatineau
Shane Eamon Mark Stephen Lynch (born 3 July 1976) is an Irish singer, but best known as a member of Boyzone. In recent years, he has taken up auto racing, participated in reality shows such as Celebrity Big Brother in 2018 and appeared as a judge on The Ireland Talent Show.
Early life
Born to Brendan and Noeleen Lynch, a mechanic and housewife, and raised in Donaghmede, North-east Dublin, Lynch struggled with his education during his school years due to dyslexia, but excelled at sports and was a motor racing enthusiast, winning the Portuguese BMX Championship at fourteen. It was around this period he was expelled from school and began to work with his father as a mechanic.
Career
Boyzone
In 1993, music manager Louis Walsh, who had managed Johnny Logan, held auditions in Dublin to find a new boyband to rival British group Take That. Lynch was among the hopefuls present, and was eventually selected. Before even recording any material, he and five other successful auditionees made their infamous appearance on RTÉ's The Late Late Show with Gay Byrne. Although their performance was criticised by the Irish press, the band became one of the most successful pop bands in Ireland.
Lynch quickly gained a reputation as the bad boy of the group due to his body piercings, tattoos and violent outbursts which clashed with the band's clean-cut image. In 1999, he attended the MTV Europe Music Awards with the band and broke protocol with his FUBU tracksuit while his bandmates wore co-ordinated suits, and announced to the shocked audience "In the press recently, there's been a whole load of fucking shite about Boyzone in the year 2000 about breaking up, [but] we are not breaking up." Later that night, he was involved in a physical brawl with American rapper Puff Daddy. Two years later, at a live concert for Childline, Lynch turned to the camera and yelled: "Tabloid newspapers, you can kiss me fucking arse!"
In 2007, Boyzone reunited, completed a 29-date reunion tour, and released their comeback single on 29 September 2008, Love You Anyway, which was followed by the Greatest Hits album entitled Back Again... No Matter What released on 13 October 2008.
Acting
In 2004, during his break from Boyzone, Lynch played Eli Knox the chairman of Harchester United in the Sky One football drama, Dream Team. He has also appeared in pantomime, and starred in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs at the Wycombe Swan in High Wycombe, during the 2004 Christmas season. In 2006, he starred in Cinderella at the Tameside Hippodrome as Prince Charming alongside Sue Jenkins as the evil stepmother Baroness. In 2012, he starred as Abanazar at The Stag Theatre in Sevenoaks and in 2015 Captain Hook in Peter Pan there. In 2016 he starred as Abanazer in the Blue Genie production of Aladdin at The Whitley Bay Playhouse.
Motorsport
A keen motor racing enthusiast, Lynch raced a Marcos, TVR and then Mosler from 2002 to 2006 for the Eclipse Motorsport team in the British GT Championship, and came within a few laps of winning the 2003 British GT Championship at the last race of the season at Brands Hatch when he crashed into a spinning backmarker he was lapping. In 2005, he was involved with the 'Christians in Motorsport' team and competed in the British GT Championship Silverstone round. Lynch addressed a crowd of race fans at the team marquee about how his faith helps him in racing and in life generally.
Lynch is now involved in drifting, competing in the British Drift Championship for performance parts manufacturer & race team Team Japspeed.
In 2008 he was involved in an accident with team-mate Danny Eyles while competing in the European Drift Championship round at Silverstone and, although he was not injured, both Nissan Skyline cars were written off.
For the 2016 season of the British Drift Championship, Lynch and Team Japspeed debuted a brand new VH45 V8 powered Nissan 370Z, achieving a second-place finish on debut at Lydden Hill.
Reality television
Lynch has taken part in several reality television series. He was in the second series of the Channel 4 reality television show, The Games 2004, and received a gold medal. Lynch was also in the second series of ITVs Love Island, but left after the fifth week. In 2007, he competed in the second series of Sky One's Cirque De Celebrite. In January 2018 Shane was a housemate in series 21 of Celebrity Big Brother and finished in third place.
Other work
In 2000, Lynch teamed up with bandmate Keith Duffy and released a novelty version of the Milli Vanilli song "Girl You Know It's True" as Keith 'N' Shane. They re-wrote the verses in which the original was critical of today's music, but the chorus was kept the same. It was a top 40 hit in the UK, peaking at No. 36 in December 2000.
In 2001, Lynch formed a rap rock band with Phats & Small's singer Ben Ofoedu called REDhill.
In early 2005, Lynch released the song "Don't Go" which was originally a 1988 hit for the band Hothouse Flowers. The same year, he was announced as one of the judges on RTÉ's The Ireland Talent Show, a reality contest which is modelled on Britain's Got Talent. In 2010, he announced his decision to quit.
In 2008, Lynch published his autobiography The Chancer, which focused on his early years, pop reign, his marriage to Easther Bennett, and newly found Christianity. In May 2011, Lynch became involved with the launch of a new energy vodka called "Ver2Vodka".
At the end of 2012 Lynch, along with friends Ben Ofoedu, Kiz (KizMusic) and Paddy, started a new music project called Cruise Control. Their first song "Raindrops" hit YouTube by storm reaching over 50,000 hits in two weeks until YouTube pulled it offline. Cruise Control then announced on Christmas Eve of 2012 that their first song "Raindrops" would be available for free download. Cruise Control stated that they had big plans for 2013 and had an album waiting for release.
In January 2013, Lynch fronted an informative channel 5 programmes in the UK about dyslexia. During this, he undertook his own dyslexia assessment. He was confirmed to have the learning disability.
On 7 June 2013, Lynch featured on a celebrity special edition of The Jeremy Kyle Show to talk about his life after being in Boyzone.
In August 2013, he came fifth participating in Celebrity Masterchef.
In April 2014, Lynch forged a business partnership with Northern Ireland businessmen Dwaine Smyth and Michael Dowall and opened a chain of 1920s prohibition inspired barbershops, known as The Elk & Clipper. There are currently three outlets in Northern Ireland with further expansion plans in the future.
In 2019, Lynch joined former REDHILL and Cruise Control bandmate Ben Ofoedu for a new supergroup called Boyz on Block with former Five member Abz Love and former Another Level member Dane Bowers. The group released their debut single on 20 November 2020, a cover of East 17's "Stay Another Day" featuring former East 17 member and songwriter Tony Mortimer. Their second single was a cover of K-Ci & JoJo's "All My Life", released on 15 February 2021. They had an album scheduled for released in 2021.
Personal life
Lynch's sisters, twins Keavy and Edele Lynch, found fame as members of the girl group B*Witched, which became the first group to replace members of their own family at number one in the charts. Younger sister, Naomi, was part of the duo Buffalo G who achieved a top 20 hit, and another sibling, Tara, was a member of FAB!
On 8 March 1998, Lynch married Easther Bennett, lead singer of Eternal, but they divorced in July 2000. In 2002, Lynch was in a relationship with socialite, aristocrat and "It girl" Lady Victoria Hervey. Lynch and singer Sheena White were married in Ireland on 22 August 2007, and on 25 October 2008, White gave birth to their daughter Billie Rae. Shane and Sheena celebrated the birth of their second child in September 2012, another daughter whom they named Marley Mae.
Lynch, who had been involved with clairvoyants and ouija boards and claimed to have been frequently visited by evil spirits who tortured his mind in his teenage years, became a Christian in 2003; he was persuaded to convert by close friend Ben Ofoedu, who was his colleague in the band REDhill which Lynch joined after Boyzone.
Discography
Singles
As Keith 'N' Shane
"Girl You Know It's True" (2000), Polydor - UK #36
Solo
"Don't Go" (2005), AMR
References
External links
Team Japspeed
1976 births
Boyzone members
Living people
Irish pop singers
Irish male singers
Reality show winners
People from Donaghmede
Drifting drivers
Irish racing drivers
Porsche Carrera Cup GB drivers
Kanjrur is a union council of tehsil Shakargar,District Narowal, Punjab, Pakistan. It is situated on the bank of Basenter (برساتی نالا).
The council is named after a significant Sufi called Kanju peer, whose tomb is in the village, as is the tomb of Baba Mithay shah.
Villages near Kanjrur include Bhilowali, Nangal, Isaharwali, Kapurdeo, Fatehpur, Chhina,Viram, Nawan pind, Mian wali and Jattar and Mallah.
Crops grown in the area include wheat, sugarcane and rice.
Schools include Scholars School System Nawan Pind, The Oxford Grammar School, The Bright Career Shad Public H/S School,the Govt Islamia high school, the Govt girls' Higher secondary school, the Govt Primary School, IQRA Model school, Allama Iqbal Foundation school and Al Razi public school.
Waris Khan Sarhandhi, Mian Muhammad Siddique, Mian Muhammad Waris, Muhammad Saleem Shad Bhatti and Mian Muhammad Kashif Zaheer (ACMA) are well-known and prominent figures in this town.....
Populated places in Narowal District
.
Amamibalcis yessonensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eulimidae.
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 1993
Rubber is a 2010 English-language French independent horror-comedy film about a tire that comes to life and kills people with psychokinetic powers. It was directed and written by Quentin Dupieux. The film was produced by Realitism Films. It was shown at the Cannes Film Festival in 2010, where it received positive reviews from critics.
Plot
A group of people in a California desert are gathered to watch a "film". A sheriff named Chad points out that many moments in cinema happen for "no reason", that life is full of this "no reason", and that this film is an homage to "no reason". Chad is sometimes participating in the narrative action and sometimes commenting on it. An accountant then passes binoculars to the audience members and rides off on a bicycle. The audience starts looking through their binoculars into the distance, waiting for the "film" to start. Throughout the film, this group of people return in order to gauge their reactions to what has taken place so far.
Somewhere in the desert, a tire named Robert suddenly comes to life. After standing upright, he discovers he has psychokinesis and tests his newfound powers by making animals and inanimate objects explode. Robert spots a woman drive by and attempts to use his powers on her, but he only succeeds in making her car stall before he is run over by a truck. The woman manages to start her car and drive off while Robert kills the truck driver that ran him over.
Robert locates the woman at a nearby motel and enters the room next to hers. He kills the motel's maid after she throws him out of the room. Sheriff Chad arrives at the scene to investigate the string of murders. Meanwhile, the in-film audience, having starved for two days, are given a turkey by the accountant, but they begin to suffer intense abdominal pain. While questioning the motel owner, Chad suddenly stops upon hearing an alarm go off, indicating that the audience have started to succumb to the poison-laced turkey. He urges the other characters to go home, telling them the film is over as the audience is dead, but the accountant informs him that an audience member who uses a wheelchair had not eaten turkey. As an embarrassed Chad resumes his investigation, he witnesses Robert kill the motel owner and leads the cops on a "tire hunt". The accountant attempts to poison the wheelchair-using audience member, but he becomes hungry and eats the poisoned food and dies.
Robert comes across a group of people burning a large pile of tires, resulting in him going on a killing spree for three days. Chad lures the tire into a trap using dynamite on a mannequin dressed as the woman. Robert blows up the mannequin's head, but the dynamite fails to detonate. The man who uses a wheelchair mocks the sheriff for the botched trap, enraging Chad enough to destroy Robert with a shotgun off-screen and tossing the tire's carcass at the man, who continues to criticize him for the anticlimax. Robert is reincarnated as a tricycle and kills the man in the wheelchair before recruiting an army of tires on his way to Hollywood.
During the credits, the opening scene plays again, but this time from different angles, revealing that Chad is not speaking to anyone.
Cast
Stephen Spinella as Lieutenant Chad
Jack Plotnick as Accountant
Roxane Mesquida as Sheila
Wings Hauser as Man in Wheelchair
Ethan Cohn as Movie Buff Ethan
Charley Koontz as Movie Buff Charley
Hayley Holmes as Cindy
Haley Ramm as Fiona
Daniel Quinn as Dad
Devin Brochu as Son
Tara Jean O'Brien as Martina the Cleaning Lady
David Bowe as Mr. Hugues
Blake Robbins as Eric
Remy Thorne as Zach
Cecelia Antoinette as Woman
Thomas F. Duffy as Deputy Xavier
Winston Chow as Deputy Luke
Pete Dicecco as Deputy Pete
Courtenay Taylor as Deputy Denise
James Parks as Deputy Doug
Gaspard Augé as Hitchhiker
Pedro Winter as Tyre Burner
Robert the Tire as Robert
Production
The effects of the tire moving were done via practical effects such as remote controls. Director Quentin Dupieux has noted that due to the inherent "emptiness" of a tire that making a remote-controlled tire was difficult as "you can't really hide the mechanisms well". CGI effects were used for the shots of heads exploding; during filming Dupieux used practical effects, but he was unhappy with the results.
During the writing process, the tire, Robert, was designed solely as a bad guy with no redeeming qualities. While shooting, however, Dupieux determined that this was the wrong approach realizing "there's nothing evil about a tire" based partly on early camera tests. Robert was reworked to be "more like a stupid dog". The 2008 animated film WALL-E, specifically the first act, was also an influence on the character.
The film begins with Lieutenant Chad making a speech about how events in movies often happen for "no reason". Dupieux has stated he was inclined to put that speech in because he was not interested in explaining how the tire came to life, although he knew such a setup would be expected. The meta element of the film came organically, as Dupieux quickly grew tired of writing about a killer tire. He was partly influenced by an experience where he snuck into a theater playing his previous film Steak only to find that no one else was in the theater, which he noted was "kind of scary."
Release
The film was shown on May 15, 2010, at Cannes Critic's Week.
After the film was shown at Cannes, it was picked up for US distribution by Magnet Releasing. Rubber had its outside-France premiere on July 9, 2010, at the Fantasia Festival.
Rubber was shown at the Sitges Film Festival where it had a positive reception. The film was shown in Toronto at the After Dark Film Festival. Fangoria magazine stated the film "deeply split" the audience reaction saying that Rubber earned "huge laughs and applause as well as the only boos heard by Fango at the fest."
The DVD and soundtrack were made available to purchase from March 14, 2011, and the DVD and Blu-ray Disc from June 7, 2011.
Reception
The film received generally mixed-to-positive reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives it a 69% rating based on 87 reviews, with an average score of 6.10/10. The site's consensus reads: "A clever premise gets plenty of comic blood and violence but it's hampered by some questionable storytelling techniques from director Quentin Dupieux." IndieWire called the film "one of the more bizarre experiments with genre in quite some time" and that it "does begin to wear out its welcome around the sixty-minute mark, but you can't blame Dupieux for giving it a shot."
Outside Cannes, the film received positive reception at other film festivals. Twitch Film gave the film a positive review saying it was "impeccably shot, scored and designed", and "the film is intellectual wankery of the highest order in the sheepskin of a B-film of the lowest order". The Huffington Post wrote that Quentin Dupieux "succeeds in creating an entertaining, sometimes even tense horror film with the very same footage he lightly mocks. The result is an uber-cerebral spoof that is at once silly and smart, populist like a mildly trashy B-movie yet high brow like absurdist theater."
The Telegraph wrote a negative review of the film, saying "How could it not be brilliant? By, at 85 minutes, being an hour too long. By being arch rather than schlocky. And by wasting too much time on dull dialogue celebrating its 'No Reason' philosophy." Variety also gave a negative review, saying that Rubber is "Neither scary, funny, nor anywhere near as clever as it seems to think it is, pic offers auds few reasons to want to see it beyond its one-joke premise." Will Leitch from The Projector concluded his review by stating that "Rubber" is "a movie about how watching movies is stupid," giving the film a grade D.
Gregory Bernard said of the film: "We're really blessed to have so much attention on such a small film. We both took risks – [Quentin] artistically, me in production – and the fact that we had, in general, a very positive response from the public; we've had audiences who really loved it."
Soundtrack
The official soundtrack for the film Rubber, by Gaspard Augé and Quentin Dupieux (the latter under his stage name "Mr. Oizo"), was released on November 8, 2010 on Ed Banger Records.
Track listing
References
External links
2010 films
2010 comedy horror films
Films directed by Quentin Dupieux
Films set in California
Films shot in California
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films set in deserts
French horror films
French independent films
Self-reflexive films
Tires
English-language French films
2010 independent films
French comedy horror films
2010s English-language films
2010s French films
Anthonie Johannes Gronum (born 15 June 1985) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with Border club side Old Selbornians. His regular position is lock.
Career
He started his career at the , making his first class debut in the 2006 Vodacom Cup. He failed to break into the Currie Cup squad and joined the in 2007, where he made 55 appearances over the next four seasons, 18 of those appearances in the Premier Division of the Currie Cup competition.
In 2011, he moved to East London to join the .
References
South African rugby union players
Living people
1985 births
People from Knysna
Blue Bulls players
Leopards (rugby union) players
Border Bulldogs players
Rugby union locks
Rugby union players from the Western Cape
Ustyumovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Kamyshlytamaksky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 179 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Ustyumovo is located 25 km south of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Utarovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
West Yan'an Road () is the name of an interchange station between Lines 3 and 4 on the Shanghai Metro network. The station is named after Yan'an Road, and opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to , and Line 4 service began here on the final day of 2005.
During the 2021 Shanghai People's Congress deputies suggested changing the station name to Donghua University. “Names of Metro stations should give voice to the city's cultural and historical landmarks, of which universities are surely a part,” said Wang Hongzhi, vice dean of the College of Materials Science and Engineering at Donghua University. “It should become a rule that Metro stations located near universities are named after the institutions.”
Gallery
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Changning District
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Line 4, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
A white elephant is a possession that its owner cannot dispose of, and whose cost, particularly that of maintenance, is out of proportion to its usefulness. In modern usage, it is a metaphor used to describe an object, construction project, scheme, business venture, facility, etc. considered expensive but without equivalent utility or value relative to its capital (acquisition) and/or operational (maintenance) costs.
Background
The term derives from the sacred white elephants kept by Southeast Asian monarchs in Burma, Thailand, Laos and Cambodia. To possess a white elephant was regarded (and is still regarded in Thailand and Burma) as a sign that the monarch reigned with justice and power, and that the kingdom was blessed with peace and prosperity. The opulence expected of anyone who owned a beast of such stature was great. Monarchs often exemplified their possession of white elephants in their formal titles (e.g., Hsinbyushin, and the third monarch of the Konbaung dynasty). Because the animals were considered sacred and laws protected them from labor, receiving a gift of a white elephant from a monarch was simultaneously a blessing and a curse. It was a blessing because the animal was sacred and a sign of the monarch's favour, and a curse because the recipient now had an expensive-to-maintain animal he could not give away and could not put to much practical use.
In the West, the term "white elephant", relating to an expensive burden that fails to meet expectations, was first used in the 17th century and became widespread in the 19th century. According to one source it was popularized following P. T. Barnum's experience with an elephant named Toung Taloung that he billed as the "Sacred White Elephant of Burma". After much effort and great expense, Barnum finally acquired the animal from the King of Siam only to discover that his "white elephant" was actually dirty grey in color with a few pink spots.
The expressions "white elephant" and "gift of a white elephant" came into common use in the middle of the nineteenth century. The phrase was attached to "white elephant swaps" and "white elephant sales" in the early twentieth century. Many church bazaars held "white elephant sales" where donors could unload unwanted bric-à-brac, generating profit from the phenomenon that "one man's trash is another man's treasure" and the term has continued to be used in this context.
In modern usage, the term now often refers in addition to an extremely expensive building project that fails to deliver on its function or becomes very costly to maintain. Examples include prestigious but uneconomic infrastructure projects such as airports, dams, bridges, shopping malls and football stadiums. The American Oakland Athletics baseball team has used a white elephant as a symbol and usually its main or alternate logo since 1902, originally in sarcastic defiance of John McGraw's 1902 characterization of the new team as a "white elephant". The Dubai Central airport has also been named a white elephant. In Singapore, paper cutouts of white elephants were placed next to the completed but unopened Buangkok MRT station in 2005, leading to a police investigation.
The term has also been applied to outdated or underperforming military projects like the U.S. Navy's Alaska-class cruiser. In Austria, the term "white elephant" means workers who have little or no use, but are not terminable.
See also
White elephant gift exchange
Bridge to nowhere
Escalation of commitment (sunk cost fallacy)
Pork barrel
Abul-Abbas
References
Further reading
Contains a chapter on the white elephant in Southeast Asia.
Contains a long chapter on how Burmese generals tried to use the white elephant to consolidate power, also looks at the cosmological origins of the animal.
External links
English-language idioms
Metaphors referring to elephants
Public choice theory
The 2019 Barnsley Metropolitan Borough Council election took place on 2 May 2019 to elect members of Barnsley Metropolitan Borough Council in England. This was on the same day as other local elections.
Result
Ward Results
Central ward
Cudworth ward
1513
Darfield ward
Darton East ward
Darton West ward
Dearne North ward
Dearne South ward
Dodworth ward
Hoyland Milton ward
Kingstone ward
Monk Bretton ward
North East ward
Old Town ward
Penistone East ward
Penistone West ward
Rockingham ward
Royston ward
St Helen's ward
Stairfoot ward
Wombwell ward
Worsbrough ward
References
Barnsley Council elections
2019 English local elections
May 2019 events in the United Kingdom
2010s in South Yorkshire
BAPLA is the trade association of UK based photographic image suppliers, commercial picture libraries and agencies.
History
The association was formed in 1975 with founding members: Ardea Photographics, Aspect Picture Library, BBC Picture Library, Black Star Publishing Co., Camera Press Ltd, Bruce Coleman Ltd, Colorific Photo Library, Colour Library International, Feature Pix Colour Library, Susan Griggs Agency, Robert Harding Picture Library, Keystone Press Agency, Frank Lane Photographic Agency, Pictor International Ltd, Picturepoint Ltd, Popper Photo Library, Spectrum Colour Library, Tony Stone Associates and Transworld Features.
Structure
It is situated on Tranquil Vale in Blackheath near Blackheath railway station on the B212.
BAPLA is steered by an elected voluntary Executive Board of eight directors.
References
External links
BAPLA
Trade associations based in the United Kingdom
Organizations established in 1975
Media and communications in the London Borough of Lewisham
British photography organisations
Photo archives in the United Kingdom
1975 establishments in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the London Borough of Lewisham
Girlfriends () is a 2009 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Kang Hye-jung, Han Chae-young, Huh E-jae and Bae Soo-bin.
It is based on the 2007 chick lit novel of the same title by Lee Hong, which won the 31st Writer of Today Award.
Plot
29-year-old Song-yi (Kang Hye-jung) starts dating her handsome co-worker Jin-ho (Bae Soo-bin). But when she suspects Jin-ho might be cheating on her, she sets out to meet the "other woman," only to learn that he has not one, but two, other "girlfriends": Jin (Han Chae-young), Jin-ho's first love, is a sexy and successful party planner, while Bo-ra (Huh E-jae) is a fearless, young college student. On one hand, Song-yi wants to keep Jin-ho all to herself, but strangely enough, she grows close to the two other women and their similar taste in men becomes the basis of a great friendship and a passionate, incestuous love affair.
Cast
Kang Hye-jung as Song-yi
Han Chae-young as Jin
Huh E-jae as Bo-ra
Bae Soo-bin as Jin-ho
Jo Eun-ji as Hyun-joo
Kim Hye-ok as Mom
Hong Gyo-jin as Representative Park
Jung In-hwa as Team leader Jung
Kim Joon-young as real doctor
Shin Dae-seung as man at intersection
Hwang Hyun-seo as woman at intersection
Kim Bo-min as yoga instructor
Kim Yong-woon as action man 1
Han Dae-ryong as action man 2
Kwak Jin-seok as action man 3
Choi Gyo-sik as rice store owner
2NE1 as club party guests (cameo)
Oh Dal-su as voice doctor (cameo)
Choi Song-hyun as Soo-kyung (cameo)
Lee Ho-seong as Dad (cameo)
Kim Kwang-kyu as department head (cameo)
Ji Dae-han as taxi driver (cameo)
Gong Jung-hwan as Mikael (cameo)
Hwang Hyeon-hee as Jae-hoon (cameo)
Son Jeong-min as mistress (cameo)
Park Sung-woong as Jin's husband (cameo)
Son Ho-young as club party guest Yoo Myeong-nam (cameo)
References
External links
South Korean romantic comedy films
2009 films
2009 romantic comedy films
2000s Korean-language films
2000s South Korean films
The Colts Neck School District is a comprehensive community public school district serving students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade in Colts Neck Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2017-18 school year, the district and its three schools had an enrollment of 966 students and 110.1 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 8.8:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "I", the second-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From the lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
The district includes three schools and an administration building. The three schools are based on a PreK-2, 3-5, and 6-8 grade configurations. The Conover Road Primary School, the newest of the three, serves grades PreK-2. The Conover Road School currently serves grades 3-5 and has a functional capacity of 420 pupils. The Cedar Drive School currently serves grades 6-8 and has a functional capacity of 479 pupils. The district's preschool handicapped program is also housed in the Cedar Drive School.
Students in public school for ninth through twelfth grades attend Colts Neck High School, along with students from portions of Howell Township. The Freehold Regional High School District serves students from Colts Neck Township, Englishtown, Farmingdale, Freehold Borough, Freehold Township, Howell Township, Manalapan Township and Marlboro Township. As of the 2017-18 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 1,423 students and 100.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.1:1.
Schools
Schools in the district (with 2017-18 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Elementary schools
Conover Road Primary School with 328 students in grades PreK-2
Tricia Barr, Principal
Conover Road Elementary School with 278 students in grades 3-5
James Osmond, Principal
Middle school
Cedar Drive Middle School (350; 6-8)
Colin Rigby, Principal
Administration
Core members of the district's administration are:
MaryJane Garibay, Superintendent
Vincent S. Marasco, Business Administrator / Board Secretary
The district's board of education has nine members who set policy and oversee the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election.
References
External links
Colts Neck School District
School Data for the Colts Neck School District, National Center for Education Statistics
Colts Neck High School
Freehold Regional High School District
Colts Neck Township, New Jersey
New Jersey District Factor Group I
School districts in Monmouth County, New Jersey
In mathematics, Fontaine's period rings are a collection of commutative rings first defined by Jean-Marc Fontaine that are used to classify p-adic Galois representations.
The ring BdR
The ring is defined as follows. Let denote the completion of . Let
So an element of is a sequence of elements
such that . There is a natural projection map given by . There is also a multiplicative (but not additive) map defined by , where they are arbitrary lifts of the to . The composite of with the projection is just . The general theory of Witt vectors yields a unique ring homomorphism such that for all , where denotes the Teichmüller representative of . The ring is defined to be completion of with respect to the ideal . The field is just the field of fractions of .
References
Secondary sources
Algebraic number theory
Galois theory
Representation theory of groups
Hodge theory
Ruby Party (, Rubī Pātī) is the Japanese brand name of the Koei Tecmo Holdings and its woman-based game developing team. The team was established around 1990 by Keiko Erikawa.
The team has been producing mainly the Neo Romance series which is the series of otome games for women.The first product of this series is Angelique released in 1994, which is known as the first otome game in the world.
History
In around 1985, Erikawa was developing various games with her husband Yōichi Erikawa. But the games in those days were all targeted to males. Erikawa thought it was not strange that the games for women would exist. There were almost no women staff in Koei in that point. Therefore, she started to recruit women staff.
Ten years later, women-based developing group was constructed in the Koei at last. This group is the Ruby Party team.
The first product of this team was Angelique game in 1994. However, the team Ruby Party did not totally develop the game by itself. Yōichi Erikawa and his male developing staff helped the completion of Angelique. After release of Angelique, Ruby Party has developed many otome games and planned various stuffs such as OVAs, Drama CDs, Music CDs, Anime, and managed live events.
The name
"Ruby Party" was named after the fact that jewel ruby is considered as the queen of jewelry, and it symbolizes the passions and genuine loves.
Products
Ruby Party develops the Neo Romance game series, which are otome game series for women.
Angelique series
Harukanaru Toki no Kanata de series (Haruka: Beyond the Stream of Time)
Kin'iro no Corda series (La Corda d'Oro)
Neo Angelique series
Geten no Hana (),
Miss Princess, Mispri (),
Love phi Summit (),
Notes and references
External links
(ja) Official Neo Romance site
(ja) Ruby Party in Koeitecmo
Koei Tecmo
1990s_establishments
The Șerban Vodă Inn was an inn in Bucharest, Romania, founded by Hospodar Șerban Cantacuzino in the 1680s, it was finally opened for business in 1685. Administered by the Cotroceni Monastery, the inn was, for much of its history, the most important in Bucharest.
Like other inns in Bucharest, it was affected by the advent of modern hotels: it was closed around the mid-19th century and it was demolished in 1882 to make way for the current headquarters of the National Bank of Romania.
Description
While this was not the first inn of Bucharest (such as the older Saint George's Inn), it was on a larger scale than anything Bucharest ever had.
The inn served as both warehouses and living quarters for merchants and it may have been inspired by the fondachi of Venice (such as Fondaco dei Tedeschi and the Fondaco dei Turchi). However Șerban had never been to Venice and his brother, stolnic Constantin Cantacuzino, who studied in Padova, was not in friendly terms with Șerban. Nevertheless, such inns were not unique to Venice and Șerban Cantacuzino may have seen them in Constantinople.
It was surrounded by thick walls just like some of the monasteries of Bucharest. Archeological digs around the area showed that the walls had a thickness of one meter, being made out of well-burnt narrow bricks.
History
Planning
Șerban Cantacuzino had planned to build an inn since he was a postelnic in the diwan of Grigore Ghica, writing this in a chrysobull (hrisov) of one of his donations to Cotroceni Monastery.
Between 1666 and 1680, Cantacuzino buys a number of 39 properties (empty lots and shops) in the Greeks' Quarter (Mahalaua Grecilor). The lot had an area of 7510 m², having a 105-meter front on Lipscani street and a 70-meter front on Ulița Mare (today Smârdan).
This area of Bucharest was well-chosen for an inn, as nearby the Târgul de Sus (Upper Market) began to develop during this period, being also close to the shops of some richest merchants of the time, such as Pano Pepano or Ghionea Mustață.
On January 8, 1683, Șerban Cantacuzino donated the lot and shops to the Cotroceni Monastery (which he began building 4 years earlier).
Construction
It is assumed that the inn was built by the same craftsmen as the Monastery of Cotroceni, the building of which finished in 1683, so its construction began during the summer of 1683.
Within three years, in 1685, the inn was ready to allow merchants and tenants to settle in. The guest rooms, shops, cellars and warehouses were ready, but certain annex buildings (such as the stables, the hay storage buildings and the kitchens) were not ready even by 1688 when Șerban Cantacuzino died.
It seems that the reason why it was left unfinished was financial: Cantacuzino spent much on the Cotroceni Monastery and also on the Siege of Vienna (1683), in which he participated on the Ottoman side.
Decay and demolition
After 1850, the inn was abandoned and it began to deteriorate. The inn, with its fortress walls became anachronic and was left outside the development of the commercial city centre. In 1882, it was demolished and in its place the National Bank of Romania built its new headquarters.
Notes
References
George Potra, Istoricul Hanurilor Bucureștene, Editura Științifică și enciclopedică, 1985
External links
Inns in Bucharest
Demolished buildings and structures in Bucharest
Hotel buildings completed in the 17th century
Buildings and structures completed in 1685
Buildings and structures demolished in 1882
The Compact Ignition Tokamak (CIT) was a plasma physics experiment that was designed but not built. It was designed by an inter-organizational team in the USA led by Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory. The experiment was designed to achieve a self-sustaining Thermonuclear fusion reaction (ignition) in a Tokamak with the minimum possible budget.
History
CIT was to be the successor experiment to the Tokamak Fusion Test Reactor (TFTR). Where TFTR was designed to achieve Q>1 (more fusion power produced by the plasma than injected into the plasma), CIT was designed to achieve ignition, here defined as Q>10 (fusion power produced is more than ten times the heating power). Design of CIT began in 1986, at which point it was expected that construction would begin in 1988 and complete in 1993. The estimated cost of construction was $285 Million in 1986 dollars.
As development progressed, the tokamak design grew in size, magnetic field, and heating power. At some point in the early 1990s, the DOE canceled the project and supported instead the design of the Tokamak Physics Experiment (TPX), which was also never built.
Further extensions of the compact high-field approach of CIT were studied in later U.S. national design projects for two proposed devices: the Burning Plasma Experiment (BPX) and the Fusion Ignition Research Experiment (FIRE).
The Snowmass 2002 national fusion community planning meeting concluded "IGNITOR, FIRE, and ITER would enable studies of the physics of burning plasma, advance fusion technology, and contribute to the development of fusion energy... There is confidence that ITER and FIRE will achieve burning plasma performance in H–mode based on an extensive experimental database...".
Goals
The goal of the CIT was to produce an ignited plasma, which is defined as Q>10, and/or the ability to shut off auxiliary heating and have fusion power sustain the reaction. Furthermore it was designed to do this with a minimum possible budget.
The resultant design followed a path laid out by the earlier IGNITOR design, a compact, high-field design. To minimize cost, it was a compact (physically small) device. In order to achieve ignition conditions in a compact device, it was required to have a very high magnetic field, 10.4 (later 11) Tesla. This was beyond the critical field capabilities of the Superconductors of the time, which necessitated the toroidal field coils be constructed out of copper cooled by Liquid nitrogen.
Limitations
The goal of studying the physics and engineering of an ignited plasma with the minimum possible cost meant accepting a design that did not directly scale into a reactor (given the technology available at that time). Because the copper toroidal field coils would quickly heat up due to Ohmic heating, the experiment would be pulsed, achieving ignition for only 3-5 seconds, with minutes or hours of cool-down time between pulses. (More recent advances in high-field superconductors have led to a reconsideration of the pulsed high-field approach, such as the SPARC device being developed by Commonwealth Fusion Systems.)
Furthermore, because of the repetitive materials stresses inherent in a pulsed, high-field system, crack growth kept the total lifetime number of full-power pulses to 3,000.
References
Tokamaks
Yasutomo (written: 康友) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese motorcycle racer
, Japanese politician
Japanese masculine given names
John Thomas "Jack" Cooper (21 February 1889 – 20 September 1917) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
He was killed on the Menin Road Ridge whilst serving in the First AIF during the Battle of Passchendaele.
Early life
Jack Cooper was the son of Fred and Florence Cooper. He was born in Fitzroy North on 21 February 1889, and he attended the Alfred Crescent State School in Fitzroy North. In his youth he was a fine cricketer as well as a highly talented footballer, and went on to be a regular player with the Fitzroy Footballers Cricket Club.
He worked for the company of Fitzroy Football Club's President, D.J. "Don" Chandler, as a storeman.
He and his wife, Margaret Malcolm Cooper, née Fletcher, resided at 38 York Street, Fitzroy North, and had one daughter, Margaret Isabel "Maggie" Cooper (1908–?), who became a teacher.
Footballer
A somewhat thick-set man at and , Cooper was a champion half-back. Recruited from the local team North Fitzroy Juniors, he played his first senior VFL game for the Fitzroy Football Club against Collingwood on 27 April 1907 at Victoria Park. In his first season, he played 11 matches and scored 1 goal.
In 1912, after he had been appointed captain of the Fitzroy senior team,a contemporary report spoke of the tough, speedy, skilful, and tenacious Cooper as follows:
He played in the Fitzroy team that won the 1913 premiership by defeating St Kilda 7.14 (56) to 5.13 (43) in the 1913 Grand Final Match; he was one of Fitzroy's best players in that match. He was the Fitzroy club's best and fairest player in both the 1911 and 1914 seasons (see Fitzroy FC honour roll#1910–1919), and he was the Fitzroy team captain in 1912, and its vice-captain from 1913 to 1915.
He also played eight games for Victoria, including the match against South Australia at the Adelaide Oval on 10 August 1912, when he captained the Victorian team that lost to South Australia 9.8 (62) to 6.7 (43).
In his career with Fitzroy he played 136 senior games and scored 8 goals.
He played his last senior VFL game for Fitzroy on Saturday 11 September 1915, in the 1915 Preliminary Final, that was won by Carlton 6.18 (54) to 5.8 (38).
Dealings with VFL Tribunal
He was reported once in his playing career, in the 14 August 1909 match against Carlton at the Brunswick Street Oval, for charging and striking; he was suspended for 12 weeks.
In the 26 June 1915 match against Carlton at the Brunswick Street Oval, a former Fitzroy player, the Carlton centre half-back and team captain Billy Dick, was reported for striking Cooper; Dick was suspended for 10 weeks.
Soldier
Leaving his employment as a storeman, he enlisted in the 8th Battalion of the First AIF on 8 November 1915 and left for France on the troopship Wiltshire on 7 March 1916.
In France, Cooper saw action in the Battle of the Somme. He was only in the trenches for a short time when he was so badly gassed that once his immediate discomfort had been dealt with, he was repatriated to England to allow him to recuperate.
Having recuperated fully, he played for the (losing) Australian Training Units team in the famous "Pioneer Exhibition Game" of Australian Rules football, held in London, in October 1916, just before returning to active service in France. A news film was taken at the match.
Most likely through the effects of the gas, Cooper's throat continued to give him a lot of trouble (he almost lost his voice) and, once again, he was repatriated to England.
Although he was sent to Aldershot for officer training, he never rose above the rank of Lance-Corporal.
Death
He returned to France once more and was killed in action in Belgium, at Polygon Wood, during the Battle of Passchendaele on 20 September 1917.
His remains were never recovered. He is commemorated in the Menin Gate Memorial to the Missing in Ypres, Belgium; and his name appears at panel 52 in the Commemorative Area at the Australian War Memorial.
See also
1916 Pioneer Exhibition Game
List of Victorian Football League players who died in active service
Fitzroy FC honour roll
Footnotes
References
Photographs at A Victorian Trio, The (Adelaide) Evening Journal, (Friday, 9 August 1912), p.1, and second from right, seated, in second row at :File:Fitzroy_fc_1913.jpg.
Pioneer Exhibition Game Australian Football: in aid of British and French Red Cross Societies: 3rd Australian Division v. Australian Training Units at Queen's Club, West Kensington, on Saturday, October 28th, 1916, at 3pm, Wightman & Co., (London), 1919.
Main, J. & Allen, D., "Cooper, Jack", pp. 39–42 in Main, J. & Allen, D., Fallen – The Ultimate Heroes: Footballers Who Never Returned From War, Crown Content, (Melbourne), 2002.
Ross, J. (ed), 100 Years of Australian Football 1897–1996: The Complete Story of the AFL, All the Big Stories, All the Great Pictures, All the Champions, Every AFL Season Reported, Viking, (Ringwood), 1996.
Footballers in Action: Jack Cooper, The Winner, (Wednesday, 6 December 1916), p.8.
First World War Embarkation Roll: Private John Thomas Cooper (4753), collection of the Australian War Memorial.
First World War Nominal Roll: Lance-Corporal John Thomas Cooper (4753), collection of the Australian War Memorial.
First World War Service Record: Lance-Corporal John Thomas Cooper (4753), National Archives of Australia.
In Memoriam: On Active Service: Cooper, The Argus, (Saturday, 20 September 1919), p.17.
Australian Casualties: List No.350: Victoria: Killed in Action (Cooper, J.T., North Fitzroy, 20/9/17), The Argus, (Tuesday, 6 November 1917), p.6.
Roll of Honour: Lance-Corporal John Thomas Cooper (4753), Australian War Memorial.
External links
AFL Player Statistics (Round by Round): Fitzroy Football Club 1907
Photograph of Alfred Crescent School, Fitzroy North, circa 1908
AFL Statistics 1913 Season Finals
AFL Player Statistics (Round by Round): Fitzroy Football Club 1913
AFL Statistics 1915 Season Finals
AFL Player Statistics (Round by Round): Fitzroy Football Club 1915
1889 births
1917 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Fitzroy Football Club players
Fitzroy Football Club Premiership players
Mitchell Medal winners
Participants in "Pioneer Exhibition Game" (London, 28 October 1916)
Australian military personnel killed in World War I
Australian Army soldiers
Sportspeople from Melbourne
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Erfan Nasajpour (, born 21 March 1984) is an Iranian-Canadian retired professional basketball player. He played his whole career in the Iranian Basketball Super League.
Early life
Nasajpour was born in Iran and immigrated with his family to Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1991. He attended high school at Daniel McIntyre Collegiate Institute, and was captain for the University of Winnipeg in U Sports.
Career
University of Winnipeg (U Sports) - 2004-2008
Zob Ahan Isfahan (ISL) - 2008-2010
Petrochimi Bandar Imam (ISL) - 2010-2015
Samen Mashhad (ISL) - 2015-2016
Shahrdari Tabriz (ISL) - 2016-2018
Honours
2002 Canadian U18 National Team
2003 Global Games U18 in Dallas
2005 Canadian University National Team in Izmir Turkey
2004/05 All-CanWest 1st Team
2005/06 All-CanWest 2nd Team
2006/07 2nd Team All-Canadian
2007/08 2nd Team All-Canadian
References
1984 births
Living people
Basketball players from Winnipeg
Canadian men's basketball players
Canadian people of Iranian descent
Iranian men's basketball players
Winnipeg Wesmen basketball players
Andrew Langley (born 16 July 1985), better known as Andy Bell, is a British former professional boxer who competed from 2004 to 2010. He held the British super flyweight title in 2008.
Early Professional Career
Andy begun his professional career in November 2004 with a 5th round stoppage over journeyman Steve Gethin at the Mansfield Leisure Center. His next two fights were also held at the same venue and also ended with victories giving him a record of 3-0. A change of venue however coincided with his first loss as a professional losing to fellow prospect Wayne Bloy at the Askern Miners Welfare Club in Askern. A further loss followed the following month in May 2006 when he lost to former victim Steve Gethin, this time it was Bell who ended up getting stopped in the 2nd round. Two more fights in 2006 would end with a win against journeyman Shaun Walton and a loss to prospect Jamie McDonnell. Despite a promising start to his pro career Bell finished 2006 with a disappointing record of 4-3.
English Champion
Bell's first fight of 2007 was in April and saw him travelling to Shrewsbury where he would compete for the Midlands Area bantamweight title against Neil Marston. For Bell it was his first 10-round fight but it wouldn't end up going the distance when the fight was stopped in the 8th round and Andy Bell was crowned the new Midlands Area champion. Five more fights that year saw Andy claim five more wins and a couple more titles. He beat Mo Khalid to win the British Masters bantamweight title in June and much more significantly stopped Robert Nelson in September to win the English super flyweight crown. In December 2007 he crowned an excellent year by beating former conqueror Wayne Bloy in the first defence of his English crown.
British Champion
The toughest fight of his career so far took place in March 2008 when Bell fought reigning British champion Chris Edwards for the national super flyweight belt live on Sky Sports. The fight took place at the Barnsley Metrodome and ended with victory for the man from Doncaster who won a unanimous decision over the champion. In November 2008 Bell faced another tough contest when for his first defence he took on former Commonwealth champion Lee Haskins at the Robin Park Center in Wigan again in a bout again shown live on Sky. The fight ended with defeat for Bell as Haskins claimed victory in a close fight over 12 rounds.
Suspension from Boxing
On 13 January 2009 Andy Bell received a six-month ban following a positive drug test which showed traces of cannabis in his system. The test had been taken after the defeat to Haskins and a hearing held to hear the matter took place on 8 January 2009. The case was dealt with by Sports Resolution UK and the Anti-doping panel who decided that Bell was guilty of taking a banned substance. Before the sanction was announced Bell had been due to meet former amateur star Don Broadhurst in a challenge for his Commonwealth title. He returned to the ring on 5 February 2010 only to suffer defeat for the second time in a row to unbeaten prospect Paul Edwards and suffered a further setback, when on 19 March 2009, he was stopped in the first round by the former Bantamweight British titleholder Gary Davies at the Leigh sports centre. On 28 May 2010 Bell continued his losing streak, retiring in the 3rd round against John Donnelly in a match up staged at super bantamweight.
References
Super-flyweight boxers
1985 births
Living people
English male boxers
Muhammad: The Messenger of God—Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album composed by A. R. Rahman (featuring the trio Le Trio Joubran) to the 2015 Iranian Islamic epic film of the same name. The film is directed by Majid Majidi and co-written with Kambuzia Partovi. The soundtrack was released by Sony DADC on 23 December 2015.
The soundtrack was adjudged as one of the "Best Scores of Asia in 2015" by Movie Music UK magazine.
Background
A. R. Rahman's inclusion in the project was confirmed in May 2014. It took six months for A. R. Rahman to understand the kind of score that Majid Majidi wanted for "Muhammad: The Messenger of God". He worked on the score for a year and a half. Singer Sami Yusuf has recorded a track featured only in the film. In November 2014, Rahman recorded with the Le Trio Joubran for the score. Further sessions of recording with the trio were held in Paris by February 2015. Orchestral music was recorded in Berlin.Geoff Foster co-produced the motion picture score with Rahman. The score comprises experimental melodies and rhythms. A. R. Rahman recorded the music along with Dilshaad Shabbir Shaikh son of playback singer Shabbir Kumar, across five countries including India, Iran, Germany, France and Egypt with 200 musicians .
The score of Muhammad: The Messenger of God combines emotional music performed by a symphony orchestra, blended with instruments and vocal soloists. This brings touches of geographic and historical specificity to the project. The opening track "Prologue – The Infinite Light" is an array of vocals, whispers, and chant which gradually emerges into a brass-led crescendo. The tracks "Signs of the Last Prophet," "The Birth," "Through the Sands," and "And He Was Named Muhammad (SAL)," is choral in arrangement. Tracks "Halima's (RA) Healing," "A Mother's Advice to Her Son," "The Last Hajj of Abdul Mutallib (AS)," and "The Sermon," use the voices extrovertly to depict religious feelings. Several cues of the score have traditional orchestral arrangement, especially the usage of strings and woodwinds. The track "Ababeel" is used in an action sequence, centered around brass clusters, drumbeats, and deep choral accents. The track "The Camel's Divine Intervention," is upbeat with intricate pieces that layers orchestral music with sounds of oud.
Track listing
Album credits
Credits adapted from the CD liner notes of soundtrack album.
Choirs and orchestra
Music Assistant: Dilshaad Shabbir Shaikh
Choirs – K.M.M.C. Choir, Babelsberg Choir
Choir Supervision – Adam Greig, Arjun Chandy
Orchestra –Filmochestra Babelsberg
Orchestrator and conductor – Matt Dunkley
Orchestra manager – Klaus-Peter Beyer,
Backing Vocals
A. R. Raihanah, Isshrath Quadhre, Arpita Gandhi, Arjun Chandy, Saranya Srinivasan, Ameena, Aisha Sayyed, Nitishree, Shashaa Tirupati, Aditi Paul
Personnel
Oud – Le Trio Joubran, Additional Oud - Ebrahim Alavi, Tapas Roy
Ney – Irfan (in Tehran), Kamlakar
Duduk – Kamlakar
Saz – Tapas Roy
Flute – Kamalakar, Naveen Kumar
Percussion – Youssef Hbeisch
Special credits for the track "Ya Muhammad (SAL)"
Lyrics – Traditional
Vocals – A. R. Rahman, Sana Moussa, Dilshaad Shabbir Shaikh, Osama El-Khouly
Percussions – Hossam Ramzy, Youssef Hbeisch
Youth choir (from Cairo) – Osama El-Khouly, Ashraf Seleem, Naser Hassan, Ahmad Effat, Jan Boushra
Children's choir (from Cairo) – Miss. Basant Ashraf, Master Tarek Ashraf, Master Khaled Mohamad, Master Mazen Yosry
Music engineer – Bassem Sobhy (in Cairo)
Production
Score recording and mixing – Geoff Foster
Music Assistant - Dilshaad Shabbir Shaikh
Additional mixing – Ishaan Chhabra
Score co-ordinator – Arpita Gandhi
Assistant Scoring Engineers – Vinay Sridhar, Karthik Sekaran ()
Engineers –
Music Programming – Ishaan Chhabra, Hentry Kuruvilla, Santhosh Dhayanidhi, Jerry Sylvester Vincent, TR Krishna Chetan, Dilshaad Shabbir Shaikh
Musicians' fixer – R. Samidurai, Vijay Iyer
References
External links
Muhammad: The Messenger of God (soundtrack) Internet Movie Database
A. R. Rahman soundtracks
2015 soundtrack albums
Film soundtracks
Kadir Nurman (c.1933 – 24 October 2013) was a Turkish restaurateur, widely credited with having in 1972, in West Berlin, introduced or "invented" the fast food sandwich commonly known as the "kebab" (), consisting of traditional Turkish döner kebab meat stuffed together with mixed salad into a flatbread. Nurman received a lifetime achievement award from the Association of Turkish Döner Manufacturers in 2011. Afterwards, Nurman told the German magazine Frankfurter Rundschau that he was unhappy with modern döner kebab sandwiches, as "there are too many ingredients" in them.
Several people have been credited with being the "inventor of the döner kebab" in Germany, but such claims - including that for Nurman - are widely considered inaccurate. The familiar rotating döner kebab meat, roasted on a vertical spit and sliced with a sword, has been well known in Turkey since the mid-19th century. Its invention is attributed to the town of Bursa, and often credited to İskender Efendi; though it has also been ascribed to a cook named Hamdi, decades earlier in Kastamonu.
Introduced in Nurman's native Istanbul in the 1940s by restaurateurs such as Beyti Güler, it became a world-famous delicacy. Döner kebab has been sold in sandwich form there since at least the mid-1960s. The Greek gyro, was already a popular sandwich item in Athens and in New York City by 1971. Nurman himself did not claim to be the first person to have sold a sandwich of döner kebab meat even in Germany, saying in German: "Maybe someone else also did it, in some hidden corner, but no one noticed. The kebab became well-known through me."
Nevertheless, Nurman's prototypical kebab shop at West Berlin's busy central train station was a harbinger of a global trend, and his early version of the staple street snack was the framework upon which Berlin's Turkish Gastarbeiter immigrant community developed the distinctive style that has become one of the top-selling fast foods in Germany and much of Europe, and has spread around the world.
Life
Nurman was born in Istanbul, Turkey. He emigrated to Germany from Turkey in 1960, aged 26, and moved to Berlin from Stuttgart in 1966. In 1972 he set up a fast food stall at Berlin's Berlin Zoologischer Garten railway station, in what was then West Berlin. At his stall Nurman sold grilled meat and salad inside flat bread. He had thought that busy Berlin workers might like a portable meal. Though he did not become wealthy from his widely imitated shop, Nurman later said he was happy that so many Turkish people were able to make a living selling kebabs. At the time of his death, there were approximately 16,000 döner outlets in Germany, with over 2.5 billion euros ($3.3 billion) in annual sales.
References
1933 births
2013 deaths
Turkish chefs
Turkish restaurateurs
Turkish emigrants to Germany
Businesspeople from Istanbul
Adaline Weston Couzins (August 12, 1815 – May 9, 1892) was a British-born American civil servant, a suffragist, and a Civil War nurse who worked for the Ladies' Union Aid Society of St. Louis. She spent most of her career as a nurse during the Civil War on hospital ships that tended to Union and Confederate soldiers all along the Mississippi River.
Adaline moved to St. Louis, Missouri around 1823 from England and eventually married John Edward Decker Couzins in 1834. Adaline and John had four children. Their daughter, Phoebe Couzins, was one of the first female lawyers in the United States.
Adaline's first civil service was during the cholera epidemic of 1849 as she and her husband headed its relief corps. After Adaline heard of the Civil War she began working under Dr. Charles Pope, a surgeon in St. Louis. Adaline then joined the Ladies' Union Aid Society of St. Louis and was sent out to work in the field. While on the hospital ships she worked under Simon Pollack who was the chief surgeon for the Western Sanitary Commission.
While rescuing and caring for soldiers, Adaline was injured twice. She was first severely frostbitten in 1862 and then struck by a minie-ball fragment in 1863 at the siege of Vicksburg. Despite her injuries, Adaline continued her nursing duties.
After the Civil War, Adaline continued on her work as a civil servant. She founded the Female Guardian Home of St. Louis, headed the Ladies' Sanitary Corps of the Special Health Department of St Louis, and campaigned for women's suffrage. Before her death, she was granted government pension on May 27, 1888, for her unrelenting services during the Civil War.
Early and family life
Adaline Weston Couzins was born on August 12, 1815 in Brighton, England. In about 1823, at the age of eight, she relocated to St. Louis, Missouri with her parents. Several years after her move to St. Louis, Adaline married John Edward Decker Couzins in 1834. John Couzins started his career as a carpenter, but later served as St. Louis's chief of police during the American Civil War, and from 1884 to 1887 he served as the U.S. marshal of the eastern district of Missouri. Adaline and John had four children together and their daughter, Phoebe Couzins was not only the first female graduate from Washington University Law School in St. Louis, but was also one of the first female lawyers in the United States, an advocate for women's suffrage, and she was the first female U.S. Marshal.
Early career
In 1849 there was a cholera epidemic in St. Louis, Missouri. During this time in U.S. history there were few hospitals established and not near enough nurses to handle an epidemic like this. That left the responsibility of caring for the sick to family members and volunteers.
Adaline and John were two of those volunteers, and headed the relief corps for this epidemic and worked tirelessly to nurse the sick back to health. This was just the first stepping stone of Adaline's long nursing career and civil service.
Civil War nursing career
In April 1861, shortly after the start of the American Civil War, Adaline volunteered to work with Dr. Charles Pope, a surgeon in St. Louis. Together, with other volunteers, they transported wounded soldiers from trains to the New House of Refuge Hospital, where Adaline helped by washing and bandaging the soldier's wounds.
To continue her efforts in the war, Adaline joined the Ladies' Union Aid Society (LUAS) of St. Louis. Adaline worked closely with the society's president, Anna L. Clapp. She went on many missions to service and save soldiers while working with LUAS. Adaline was oftentimes sent out to battlefields to inspect their conditions and report the number of casualties, putting herself in great danger. Her volunteer efforts were not limited to her time on the battlefields though, as she began working on hospital ships under Dr. Simon Pollack, the chief surgeon for the Western Sanitary Commission, at the end of the American Civil War. These ships went all along the Mississippi River allowing her to tend to many soldiers in battle.
Adaline was praised by the doctors she serviced during this time for her hard, selfless work. Although she was a reliable and consistent worker, she unfortunately, was not paid for her work. Adaline oftentimes even paid her own travel expenses so that she was able to provide her much-needed services to the American soldiers.
Injuries during the War
In the winter of 1862, Adaline endured her first serious injury while working as a Civil War nurse. She suffered from serious frostbite after her and another LUAS member, Arethusa L. Forbes, went out to inspect the condition of a battlefield and report the number of casualties. Because of their efforts, hospital cars were sent to save those soldiers who were wounded but still alive. While Adaline recovered from the frostbite, Arethusa did not, and was unable to volunteer such services in the future.
While working on a hospital ship in 1863, Adaline was once again injured. The ship she was on had stopped in Vicksburg, Mississippi to gather wounded soldiers to take back to St. Louis, and while she was there, Adaline was struck in the knee by minie-ball. Although her injury did not stop her from continuing her services as a nurse, it did cause her problems later in life.
Post Civil War contributions
Even after the American Civil War ended, Adaline could not stop her career as a civil servant. She founded the Female Guardian Home of St. Louis and headed the Ladies' Sanitary Corps of the Special Health Department of St. Louis where she was able to continue her services as a nurse. Adaline also took part in campaigning for women's suffrage and advocated for women's rights.
Later life
Government pension
Many people appreciated Adaline's service during the American Civil War and recognized the need to compensate her for her work. Both her daughter Phoebe Couzins and Michigan Senator Thomas W. Paler petitioned for Adaline to receive pension for her service in the war. During the debate for her pension in the Congressional House of Representatives it was said by Mr. O'Neill that she deserved the pension because she had done more "for the suffering, sick, and wounded soldiers, Confederate and Federal alike, than any other women in the Mississippi Valley". After debating the amount of money she would receive, Congress recognized her contributions in 1888. The bill, Bill No. 2356, was passed on October 1, 1888 granting Adaline Weston Couzins a government pension of $30 per month.
Final days
All of the work Adaline Weston Couzins did was much appreciated and acknowledged by many. She died at the age of seventy-six in St. Louis, Missouri on May 9, 1892 and is buried at Bellefontaine Cemetery in St. Louis.
References
1815 births
1892 deaths
People from Brighton
English emigrants to the United States
American suffragists
American civil servants
Activists from Missouri
People from St. Louis
American Civil War nurses
American women nurses
Thomson Point is a point on the east side of Pirie Peninsula, 1.7 nautical miles (3.1 km) southeast of Cape Mabel, on the north coast of Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands.
Charted in 1903 by the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition under William Speirs Bruce, who named it for J.A. (later Sir Arthur) Thomson, regius professor of natural history, University of Aberdeen, Scotland.
Laurie Island
Headlands of the South Orkney Islands
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Arundel and Brighton (in ) is a Latin Church Roman Catholic diocese in southern England covering the counties of Sussex and Surrey (excluding Spelthorne, which is part of the Diocese of Westminster). The diocese was erected on 28 May 1965 by Pope Paul VI, having previously been a part of the larger Diocese of Southwark, which was elevated to an archdiocese with a new ecclesiastical province on the same date.
Bishops
There have been five bishops of this diocese. The first was Bishop David Cashman, who was consecrated on 14 June 1965. He died in March 1971 and was succeeded by Bishop Michael George Bowen, who was translated in April 1977 to head the Archdiocese of Southwark. He was succeeded by then-Bishop Cormac Murphy-O'Connor who, in March 2000, became the 10th Archbishop of Westminster, and later, a Cardinal.
His successor, Bishop Kieran Conry, served from 2001 until his resignation in 2014. On Saturday, 21 March 2015, Pope Francis appointed Bishop Richard Moth, who had been serving as the Catholic Military Ordinary for Great Britain, to be the fifth Bishop of Arundel and Brighton. He was installed on Thursday, 28 May 2015, at Arundel Cathedral, the fiftieth anniversary of the Diocese's creation.
David John Cashman (1965-1971)
Michael George Bowen (1971-1977), appointed Archbishop of Southwark
Cormac Murphy-O'Connor (1977-2000), appointed Archbishop of Westminster (Cardinal in 2001)
Kieran Thomas Conry (2001-2014)
Charles Phillip Richard Moth (2015- )
Coadjutor Bishop
Michael George Bowen (1970-1971)
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Maurice Noël Léon Couve de Murville, appointed Archbushop of Birmingham in 1982
Bernard Longley, appointed auxiliary bishop of Westminster in 2003
Metropolitan Province
The diocese comprises part of the Metropolitan Province of Southwark, which is currently presided over by the Most Reverend John Wilson, by virtue of his office of Archbishop of Southwark. The diocese itself covers the administrative counties of West and East Sussex, Surrey outside of the Greater London Boroughs, and the unitary authority of Brighton & Hove. It is one of 22 Roman Catholic dioceses in England and Wales.
Geographical area
Situated in the South East of England, the Diocese encompasses many villages and smaller towns, as well as highly populated parts of Surrey, central Sussex and the coastal region running from Chichester to the Kent border. There are a number of universities (Sussex, Brighton, Surrey, Royal Holloway College in Egham) as well as technical colleges and Colleges of Higher Education.
The Diocese is divided into thirteen deaneries, which are subdivided into parishes:
Brighton and Hove: Brighton; Hove; Preston Park; Peacehaven; Rottingdean with Woodingdean; Southwick with Portslade; universities of Brighton and Sussex
Cathedral: Arundel; Billingshurst with Pulborough; Bognor Regis with Slindon; Chichester with East Wittering; Petworth with Midhurst; Selsey; Storrington
Crawley: Crawley; Horsham; East Grinstead with Lingfield and Forest Row; Horley; West Grinstead with Henfield; Worth
Eastbourne: Eastbourne; Hailsham and Polegate; Eastbourne (Langney), Pevensey Bay and Hampden Park; Newhaven; Seaford
Epsom: Ashtead; Banstead; Dorking; Effingham; Epsom; Ewell; Fetcham; Leatherhead; Tadworth
Guildford: Ash with Heath End; Chilworth and Gomshall; Cranleigh with Bramley; Farnham; Godalming; Guildford with Rydes Hill and Merrow; Haslemere, Hindhead and Chiddingfold; Sutton Park; University of Surrey
Lewes: Burgess Hill; Haywards Heath and Staplefield; Keymer with Hurstpierpoint; Lewes
Mayfield: Crowborough; Heathfield with Burwash; Mayfield; Uckfield with Herons Ghyll; Wadhurst with Rotherfield
Redhill: Caterham and Whyteleafe; Oxted and Warlingham; Redhill, Reigate and Merstham
St Leonards-on-Sea: Battle with Northiam; Bexhill; Hastings; Rye; St Leonards-on-Sea and Hollington
Weybridge: Addlestone; Chertsey; Cobham; Egham; Esher; Hersham; Molesey; Sunningdale; Thames Ditton; University of London; Walton-on-Thames; Weybridge
Woking: Camberley and Bagshot; Frimley; Knaphill; West Byfleet; Woking
Worthing: Adur Valley; East Preston with Angmering; East Worthing; Goring; Littlehampton with Rustington; Worthing
Mass attendance
The Diocese has a weekly Mass attendance of 43,377 persons, which would be approximately one quarter of the total Catholic population. There are 116 parishes with a number of other centres where Mass is celebrated regularly. In April 2005, the Diocese had 182 diocesan and 97 religious priests, as well as 16 permanent deacons. There are many religious institutes, of both men and women, living and working in the Diocese in a number of apostolates. The Diocese has a total of 90 Catholic schools.
Local pilgrimage
The Diocese also founded the Arundel and Brighton Pilgrimage, which now occurs annually during the two weeks running up to the August bank holiday. Though the pilgrimage is largely Roman Catholic, it is in fact ecumenical and there are several Anglican attendants. The first walk took place in 1975 around the Diocese but has since gone on to include cross-country routes through England and Wales, with different themes and stops at various churches and cathedrals.
Anti-abuse policy
In the early 2000s, the sexual abuse scandal in Arundel and Brighton diocese hurt the public's trust in the work of local diocesan officials.
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Great Britain
References
External links
Diocese Official Website
GCatholic.org
Diocesan Seminary
The Catholic Children's Society
Religious organisations based in England
Christian organizations established in 1965
Religion in Surrey
Religion in East Sussex
Religion in West Sussex
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Southwark
RW3 Technologies is a software company that provides SaaS Intelligent in store execution, data driven field sales, survey, Dashboard/reporting consumer packaged goods (CPG) industryand Online - Instore Competitive Pricing to Retailers. It is headquartered in Austin Texas.
History
RW3 Technologies was founded in the Bay Area by Bruce Nagle in 1992. The company's primary focus was to streamline daily data entry processes for the sales industry.
In 1992, RW3 introduced one of the first Land-Line CPG broker sales systems that allowed for mobile data entry. It was initially used in food brokerage, though eventually expanded to include functionality for the consumer packaged goods industry.
In 2000, the company expanded its business model to include business-to-business account management.
In 2010, the company began development of their first general SaaS product application since the late 1990s; the SaaS application called InStore Mobile (now MarketCheck) was released in 2011. The in-store survey application allows for two-way communication between the account rep and broker, allowing organizations to improve and track retail conditions.
In 2013, RW3 released the BI Suite, a business intelligence environment that enables organizations to create views across departments and utilize multiple data sources to align sales strategies.
In 2014 Smartcall was launched and marketed to the CPG industry. The application enables field sales reps to conduct traditional store calls and manage sales routes. It is packaged with MarketCheck into their InStore Execution Suite, providing retail execution and monitoring applications for the consumer goods industry.
Products
RW3 offers four SaaS products for the retail, wholesale, and B2B industries:
MarketCheck - An application designed around the workflow of a field manager; enables users to access sales and analytics and other tools to help manage their brokers.
SmartCall - An application designed around the workflow of a direct rep; enables users to organize their routes and daily activities.
The BI Suite - A business intelligence environment that provides teams with device-agnostic reports and custom dashboards.
PriceCheck - A mobile data collection application that allows reps to collect in-store pricing and validate it with a two-stage data validation process.
Markets
RW3 serves three primary markets:
Small to Blue Chip CPG Manufactures
CPG Marketing Merchandisers and Brokers
Small to Blue Chip Retailers
Awards
In 2015, RW3 was recognized by readers of Consumer Goods Technology magazine as a A Best-In-Class Service Provider of Retail Execution.
In 2012, RW3 Technologies was named the Consumer Goods Technology Readers' Choice Award Winner for #1 CRM Customer Experience.
In 2009, RW3 Technologies was ranked by Consumer Goods Technology as One of the Top 27 Companies to Consider.
In 2007, RW3 Technologies was awarded by Consumer Goods Technology the Outside The Box Industry Award, presented to vendors that just don't fit within today's business walls.
In 2004, RW3 Technologies was ranked in the Top 50 Fastest Growing Companies, by the East Bay Business Times.
References
Customer relationship management software companies
Data visualization software
Customer relationship management software
Business intelligence companies
Mobile technology companies
1992 establishments in California
Software companies based in California
Companies established in 1992
Software companies of the United States
Troiţa may refer to:
Troiţa, a village in Vozneseni Commune, Leova district, Moldova
Troiţa, a village in Găleşti Commune, Mureș County, Romania
See also
Troiţcoe, a commune in Cimişlia district, Moldova
The Undisclosed () is an action-thriller suspense drama produced by Mediacorp TV Channel 8. The drama made its debut on 3 April 2006 in Singapore, and ended its run on 28 April 2006.
This is the first drama Li Nanxing acted in after his divorce with ex-actress Yang Libing.
This drama was ranked 9th on the viewership ratings chart for Year 2006, while Li Nanxing won the Best Actor award in the Star Awards 2006 for his role in this drama.
The series was repeated from 16 June 2008 at every weekday night, 11pm on MediaCorp TV Channel 8.
Story
Carol (Ong Ai Leng), who works in a bank in Hong Kong, returns to Shang City to throw her wedding dinner after her marriage to a Hong Konger, Superintendent Cheng Musheng (Li Nanxing) in Hong Kong. She disappears on the 2nd day of her return after meeting up with her longtime buddy, Rachel (Constance Song). Yan Kexin (Huang Biren), a detective who knew Carol in their university days, volunteers to take on the case and devotes all her time to locate the missing Carol. Meanwhile, Musheng also embark on a relentless search for his fiancée with the help of Rachel.
During the investigation, Kexin discovers that there may be a plot against Carol by her stepmother, Zeng Bixing and her son Zeng Tianci (Andrew Seow), due to a will left behind by Carol's mother. Musheng also discovers that members of a secret society headed by a triad boss Longtou (Zhu Houren), are also looking for Carol. Just then, someone claims to have spotted Carol. Does this mean that Carol is still alive? Why did she pull a disappearing act? Did she concoct and set up her own disappearance and how did she get herself involved with the secret society? How did Longtou always manage to stay a step ahead of police raids? Was CIB compromised? Is there a mole in the police department investigating Carol's disappearance?
The case becomes more intriguing when Carol's dismembered body was discovered. With the combined efforts of Kexin and Musheng, both of them begun to unravel the evil mysteries revolving around Carol's disappearance.
Cast
Main cast
Li Nanxing as Cheng Mu Sheng
Huang Biren as Yan Ke Xin
Constance Song as Rachel
Supporting Cast
Ong Ai Leng as Carol
Andrew Seow as Zeng Tian Ci
Zhu Houren as Longtou
Rayson Tan as CK Chong
Huang Shinan as Ivan
Brandon Wong as Raymond
Kyle Chan as Roy
Chen Guohua as An-ge
Weng Xing'ang as Steven
Awards & Nominations
Trivia
The style of The Undisclosed has similarities to the American action show, 24.
See also
List of programmes broadcast by Mediacorp Channel 8
External links
The Undisclosed Official Website (English Edition)
The Undisclosed Official Website (Chinese Edition)
Singapore Chinese dramas
Singaporean crime television series
2006 Singaporean television series debuts
2006 Singaporean television series endings
Channel 8 (Singapore) original programming
Lake LeBoeuf is a natural lake approximately 70 acres in size. It is located in Waterford Township immediately adjacent to the Borough of Waterford in Erie County, Pennsylvania. The lake, with two public boat ramps, is available for public boating and fishing. Fish species in the lake include black crappie, yellow perch, largemouth bass, muskellunge, walleye, and northern pike.
Like all of the glacial lakes in Pennsylvania, Lake LeBoeuf is a kettle lake. It has a muddy, relatively shallow bottom. Inlets to the lake include Trout Run and LeBoeuf Creek. LeBoeuf Creek is the primary outlet.
In 2014, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection confirmed the presence of the aquatic invasive species commonly known as round goby at Lake LeBoeuf.
References
Lakes of Pennsylvania
Bodies of water of Erie County, Pennsylvania
United States v. Peoni, 100 F.2d 401 (2d Cir. 1938), was a criminal case that the prosecution must establish that the mental state (mens rea) of an accomplice to a crime include a purpose to aid or encourage, and thereby facilitate the criminal conduct of the principal. This showing of purpose is contrasted with showing knowledge that the principal would commit the crime, which does not necessarily imply that the purpose of acting to aid or abet was to facilitate the criminal act of the principal.
Background
The defendant Peoni possessed bills that he knew to be counterfeit. He sold the bills to Regno, and Regno sold the bills to Dorsey. Dorsey was arrested with the bills while trying to pass them in Brooklyn. At the trial level, Peoni was convicted as an accomplice to Dorsey's possession of the counterfeit bills.
Opinion of the Court
In an opinion by Judge Learned Hand, the Second Circuit reversed Peoni's conviction. The court looked to the statute under which Peoni was indicted, 18 U.S.C. § 550 (the predecessor to 18 U.S.C. § 2), which punished anyone who "aids, abets, counsels, commands, induces, or procures" the commission of a crime. The court read this language to require purpose, and held that Peoni had no purpose regarding the use of the counterfeit bills once he had passed them to Regno. Peoni had no purpose regarding Dorsey's possession because Regno was free to do whatever he wanted with the bills.
References
External links
United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit cases
United States federal criminal case law
1938 in United States case law
Counterfeit money
The National Eagle Repository is operated and managed under the Office of Law Enforcement of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service located at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refuge outside of Denver, Colorado. It serves as a central location for the receipt, storage, and distribution of bald and golden eagles that have been found dead. Eagles and eagle parts are available only to Native Americans enrolled in federally recognized tribes for use in religious and cultural ceremonies.
Mandate
Distribution is authorized by the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act and Regulations in 50 CFR 22. Passed in 1940 and amended in 1962 to include golden eagles, the Bald Eagle Protection Act prohibits the take, transport, sale or barter, and possession of eagles or their parts without a permit. Native Americans who wish to obtain bald or golden eagles or their parts must apply through the United States Fish and Wildlife Service's Migratory Bird Permit Office which services the applicant's state of residence. Orders are filled on a first come, first served basis, with a waiting list of about 6,000 applicants for approximately 2,000 eagles the repository receives, on average, each year. Applicants additionally receive a Fish and Wildlife Service permit which allows them to possess eagles or their parts for religious purposes. Conservation agencies, zoological parks, rehabilitators, and others who may legally possess and transport deceased eagles and their parts are encouraged to send them to the repository so they may be used by Native Americans. Most of the birds died in bird strike, particularly with cars, on overhead power lines or were confiscated from poachers.
History
After the legal protection of the bald eagle, Native Americans had no access to feathers and other parts of the birds they need for certain religious and cultural activities. The best known use is in war bonnets and other feathered headdresses. Some continued hunting and considered it legal on reservation grounds as hunting and their cultural self-determination was guaranteed in treaties. In the early 1970s the National Eagle Repository was operated out of Pocatello, Idaho and in the 1980s distribution was out of the USFWS Forensic Lab in Ashland, Oregon. The office collected birds and distributed them further. But the process was slow and the numbers of birds low.
In 1985 a lawsuit over the prosecution of Dwight Dion Sr., a member of the Yankton Sioux Tribe, for poaching and selling of four bald eagles reached the Supreme Court. In United States v. Dion the court upheld the conviction and confirmed that historic treaty rights could be amended and abrogated by legislation of Congress.
President Bill Clinton signed an executive memorandum on April 29, 1994, after meeting with 300 tribal leaders at the White House. He reformed the National Eagle Repository and obliged all federal agencies to send dead eagles to the repository. Following this memorandum, in 1995 the repository moved to the Denver area and got its own offices at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal.
Literature
Bruce E. Beans: Eagle's Plume: The Struggle to Preserve the Life and Haunts of America's Bald Eagle. Scribner, New York 1996,
Alison Renteln: The cultural defense. Oxford University Press, Oxford 2004, .
References
External links
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service: National Eagle Repository.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service: Questions and Answers about the National Eagle Repository.
Bird conservation
Nature conservation organizations based in the United States
Eagles
Environmental organizations based in Colorado
Native American culture
United States Fish and Wildlife Service
Van Petten is an unincorporated community in Lee County, Illinois, United States.
History
The community is named for A. G. Van Petten, the original owner of the town site. A post office called Van Petten was established in 1901 and remained in operation for 30 years. The population of the town in 2013 was 2. The town is owned and operated by Dave and Babe Brandon
References
Unincorporated communities in Lee County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Linus Liang is the co-founder of Embrace, a social enterprise startup that aims to help the 20 million premature and low birth-weight babies born every year, through a low-cost infant warmer. Liang also co-founded CLZ Concepts and was an early employee of Zynga.
Previously, Liang served as the Chief Operations Officer of Embrace Innovations, which has a mission to design and bring to market healthcare technologies for the developing world, starting with the infant warmer. The Embrace infant warmer costs about 1% of a traditional incubator, and is currently being distributed across clinics in India, with pilots being conducted in 10 countries. The Embrace infant warmer is estimated to have helped over 50,000 babies to date.
Liang also served as the first Chief Operations Officer of Embrace, the non-profit arm of the organization, before stepping into the COO role for Embrace Innovations, the for-profit social enterprise that was spun off in 2012.
Career
CLZ Concepts
In 2007, Liang dropped out of Stanford to start a Facebook Application game company called CLZ Concepts with two fellow students. The games grew to having over 20 million users and CLZ Concepts was acquired shortly afterwards by Zynga.
Embrace
Later, while finishing his degree at Stanford, Liang and a few other fellow graduate students were assigned a class project to create a low-cost infant incubator that could be used in rural areas. In 2008, they co-founded Embrace, a 501(c)(3) non-profit, to bring their project to life. In January 2012, Embrace moved into a hybrid structure. The non-profit entity, Embrace, donates infant warmers to the neediest areas through NGO partners, and provides educational programs on newborn health alongside the distribution of warmers. The for-profit social enterprise, Embrace Innovations, sells the warmers to paying entities, including governments and private clinics, all focusing on emerging markets. Embrace believes that this type of "hybrid" structure allows it to most effectively achieve its mission: to supply its infant warmers to every baby in need. Embrace Innovations, the for-profit social enterprise, raised its Series A round of financing in 2012 from Vinod Khosla's Impact Fund and Capricorn Investment Group.
Embrace Innovations' vision is to develop a line of disruptive healthcare technologies to reduce infant mortality in developing countries.
In 2013, Liang and the other co-founders of Embrace, Jane Chen, Nag Murty, and Rahul Panicker were awarded the prestigious Economist Innovation Award, under the category of Social and Economic Innovation. In the same year, the organization was also recognized as Schwab Social Entrepreneurs of the Year by the World Economic Forum.
References
Living people
American computer businesspeople
1981 births
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Stanford University alumni
Businesspeople from Berkeley, California
Winners of The Economist innovation awards
Alastair David Lukies CBE (born 1973 Harlow, United Kingdom) is a British entrepreneur who is involved in mobile communications.
In 2003, Lukies co-founded Monitise. In 2006, he was recognised as a Technology Pioneer by the World Economic Forum.
Biography
Lukies was born to Robert Lukies and Melanie Harris. He studied at Bishop's Stortford College in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire. At age 16, he left school to play rugby for teams including Middlesex U21s, Saracens U21s, London Irish U21s, ACT U21s, Bishop's Stortford and Upper Clapton.
He worked for sports hospitality company ICM, before co-founding start-up Epolitix.
In 2003, Lukies founded Monitise (then Mchex) with Steve Atkinson. They wanted to link banks and mobile operators, letting consumers manage their finances or make payments directly from their mobile. Prior to this, Lukies was a co-founder of epolitix.com.
In June 2007 he led the company's demerger from Morse and listing on the LSE's AIM market.
In January 2014, Lukies was appointed as a Business Ambassador for the financial services industry by the British Government.
In June 2014, Lukies appointed Elizabeth Buse as his co-CEO.
In June 2014, Lukies was appointed a CBE for services to mobile banking and charity. In August 2014, he was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman of fintech industry body, Innovate Finance. In March 2015, Lukies stepped down as co-Chief Executive of Monitise after undertaking a strategic review of the company.
In January 2014, Alastair was appointed as a Business Ambassador to the Prime Minister for the financial services industry by the UK Government, and remained so until 2019 when he moved across to join the Prime Minister's Business Council.
In September 2015, Alastair was part of the founding team of Motive Partners, an investment firm based in London and New York focused on investing in and building the next generation of financial technology. Alastair remains the Vice-Chairman of the Global Advisory Council at Motive Partners, alongside John Thompson (Chairman, Microsoft) and Larry Summers (Former Secretary of the US Treasury).
Alastair is Founder & CEO of Pollinate International. Pollinate was created in 2017 to turn the tide for the world's largest and most complex financial services institutions. Working with banks and their legacy platforms, Pollinate helps launch new services that reinvent the payments and financial services sector.
Alastair is Chair of the Fintech Alliance, a government backed multifaceted digital engagement platform launched in 2019 which aims to bring the global FinTech ecosystem together in one easily accessible digital marketplace.
References
External links
Profile of Alastair Lukies – World Economic Forum
Financial Times – Monitise rules out sale as founder Alastair Lukies moves on
Bloomberg – Executive Profile: Alastair Lukies
Living people
1973 births
British chief executives
Bayganin (, ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Karauilkeldy. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
Rock Romano (born February 14, 1945) is an American, Houston-based, audio engineer, record producer, guitarist, and bassist. Romano's Red Shack Recording Studio in the Heights has been a key fixture in the Houston music scene since 1989.
Early life
Roger Francis Romano was born in the Fifth Ward of Houston, Texas, United States. He grew up enjoying music and art and by the age of 13, was already being paid to play guitar. He attended the University of St. Thomas with an interest in art history and painting. John and Dominique de Menil supported his artwork, even matching some of his school grants. The Menils arranged for Romano's art to be showcased at Houston's Louisiana Gallery, where Romano and his band at the time, The Fun and Games, also played music on the veranda.
Music career
In 1969, a newly graduated Romano stepped away from painting and into the Houston music scene. During the ‘70s and ‘80s, he joined the crowd of Montrose musicians that included Townes Van Zandt, Guy Clark, Eric Taylor, Richard Dobson, and Don Sanders. Romano created and appeared in a number of short-lived bands over the years, including Little Fitz, the Baroque Brothers, Smokin Fitz, and the New Texas Bluesicians. The Fun and Games, formerly known as Sixpentz and Sixpence, was one of Romano's first groups. Fun and Games released its album, Elephant Candy, in 1968. The album's most notable singles were “Elephant Candy” and “The Grooviest Girl in the World.” Romano was also a part of the Natives for a year in the late 1970s. In addition to playing on Herschel Berry and the Natives' 1981 album New Rock and Roll, Romano also engineered the album.
In 1979, Romano, Kenneth Blanchet (formerly of Steppenwolf and the Sherwoods), Michael Knust (of Fever Tree), and Rich Layton founded the big party band, Doctor Rockit. The Sisters of Mercy, Cindy Thrall and Lisa Williams, joined shortly after. When Doctor Rockit first started, the rock group struggled to land gigs. Romano instead threw parties at his own home where the band could play and focused on gaining audiences by word of mouth. Soon, Dr. Rockit and the Sisters of Mercy had hundreds of people in attendance at shows at Anderson Fair, Rockefeller's, the Magnolia Ballroom, the Houston Festival at Sam Houston Park - they even once opened for Bo Diddley at Fitzgerald's. The group's composition changed frequently, with members coming and going. In 1982, Doctor Rockit and the Sisters of Mercy released their Great Big Fun album with Romano on guitar and vocals; Kip Milwee on bass; Layton on harmonica; Wylie Hudgins on drums; Mike Sumler on piano; and Thrall and Williams providing vocals. The band's run concluded in a final show for Romano's 40th birthday on February 14, 1985 at Fitzgerald's, but the group still reunites every few years - typically on Romano's birthday - to perform.
Romano continues to perform and tour with other Houston-based musicians, including Trudy Lynn and Steve Krase.
Recording career
In 1969, Romano started working at Andrus Studios with Frank Davis and Walt Andrus. He engineered demos for a long list of artists that includes Lightnin' Hopkins, Mayo Thompson, Roy Head, The Glass Kans, and Fever Tree. After Andrus, he worked as head engineer at H&S recording studios, where he worked with Don Sanders, Richard Dobson, Tom Cummings, and many others. He next worked as chief engineer at Rampart Studios, where he recorded acts including Dickie Malone, Lanier Greig, Jeff and the Kickers, Eric Johnson, and Jimmy Raycraft. After leaving Rampart Studios, he worked with Hank Alrich to set up an 8-track recording studio in the basement of Austin's Armadillo World Headquarters. Here, they recorded Freddy King, Captain Beefheart, Buffy Sainte-Marie, NRBQ, and Shiva's Headband.
In 1989, Romano took over a small recording studio in the Heights and rechristened it the Red Shack Recording Studio. The Red Shack has been a fixture in the Houston music scene since its opening; Romano has since worked with hundreds of artists to record and engineer albums. Through the Red Shack, he has worked with artists including Ally Venable, Steve Krase, Diane Kolby, Pete Mayes, Mayo Thompson, and Richard Dobson. In recent years, he has been involved with the Connor Ray Music label. He produced Trudy Lynn's Royal Oak Blues Cafe which reached the No. 1 spot on Billboard's Top Blues Albums in 2014.
Art
Romano has also found success through his visual artwork roots in recent years. In August 2013, the d.m. allison art gallery hosted an exhibition of Romano's artwork. It was the gallery's most popular exhibition to date - in the month that his paintings were in the gallery, Romano sold all 38, in addition to three extra commissioned pieces.
Discography
References
External links
Guide to the Houston Folk Music Archive (Woodson Research Center, Fondren Library, Rice University
Houston Folk Music Archive (Woodson Research Center, Fondren Library, Rice University)
1945 births
Living people
Record producers from Texas
American bass guitarists
Musicians from Houston
Neath Port Talbot Steelers were a rugby league team based in Port Talbot, West Glamorgan. They played in the Welsh Premier division of the Rugby League Conference at Aberavon Green Stars RFC.
History
Aberavon Fighting Irish were formed in 2003 and joined the newly formed Welsh division of the Rugby League Conference.
The club rebranded as Neath Port Talbot Steelers in 2007. The Steelers soldiered through many storms only to record two wins during the league fixtures, however, this was enough to cement a place in the first round of the play-offs. They turned over Torfaen Tigers to progress to the semi-final against the Titans in Newport. The match against the Titans however, proved to be a bridge too far as the Steelers were well beaten on the day.
The 2008 campaign was to be of a different set of fortunes for the Steelers. A lot of work had been made to see an improvement, with better standing in the league and a step forward, however with much disruption off the field with many players out injured for most, and in some cases, the entire season and a couple away with international duty and losing key backroom staff for some of the season, it took its toll on the field. Only one win was recorded in what was a long and hard-fought season.
The 2009 season saw them only one game in the whole campaign. They were struck with ground issues and injuries which led them to have the worst season in history. The junior sides had very good seasons with the U15's winning the league, and the U17's coming runners-up. This will put the Steelers in good sted for the future.
The 2010 season was slow starting due to the league kicking off late as several West Wales clubs failed to complete any fixtures. The Steelers narrowly lost the first two fixtures against Merthyr Wildcats and Dyffryn Devils, then with a late recruitment push dominated the remaining fixtures with good wins over Torfaen Tigers and revenge over Dyffryn Devils, the Wildacts couldn't play the repeat fixture to union players having commitments. The grand final was the Steelers versus Tigers where the Steelmen won 42-10 at the Gnoll.
Players earning International Caps while at Aberavon Fighting Irish/Neath Port Talbot Steelers
Neil Davies won a cap(s) for Wales while at Aberavon Fighting Irish 2004…2005 1(2?)-caps + 2-caps (sub)
Richard Johnston won caps for Wales while at Aberavon Fighting Irish 2005…2006 (3?)4-caps 3(2?)-tries 12(8?)-points
Club honours
RLC Welsh regional: 2010
Juniors
Neath Port Talbot Steelers' junior teams take part in the Welsh Conference Junior League.
External links
Official site
Official Wales Rugby League Website
Defunct rugby league teams in Wales
Rugby League Conference teams
Rugby leagues in Wales
Sport in Port Talbot
Welsh rugby league teams
Rugby clubs established in 2003
2003 establishments in Wales
Birinchi May (Kyrgyz for "First of May") may refer to the following places in Kyrgyzstan:
Birinchi May District, Bishkek, a district of the capital Bishkek
Birinchi May, Jayyl, a village in Jayyl District, Chuy Region
Birinchi May, Panfilov, a village in Panfilov District, Chuy Region
Birinchi May, Jalal-Abad, a village in Jalal-Abad Region
Birinchi May, Naryn, a village in Naryn Region
Birinchi May, Alay, a village in Alay District, Osh Region
Birinchi May, Kara-Kulja, a village in Kara-Kulja District, Osh Region
Devići is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. It is located in Moravica District. According to the 2002 census, the village had a population of 189 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Philippe Vilain (born 1969) is a French man of letters, writer, essayist, doctor of modern literature of the University of Paris III: Sorbonne Nouvelle.
Biography
His literary work presents itself as an exploration of the consciousness of love: jealousy (L'Étreinte), the guilt of not loving enough (Le Renoncement), commitment (L'Été à Dresde), adultery (Paris l'après-midi, La Femme infidèle), paternity (Faux-père), shyness (Confession d'un timide), cultural and social difference (Pas son genre).
His theoretical work questions contemporary literature (Dans le séjour des corps. Essai sur Marguerite Duras) and Autofiction. A new defining pact is advanced in L'autofiction en théorie; Fiction homonymique ou anominale qu'un individu fait de sa vie ou d'une partie de celle-ci.
After La Dernière Année (adapted to theatre -Proscenium- by in 2002,) Paris l'après-midi (prix François Mauriac of the Académie française 2007,) Pas son genre, his seventh novel (prix Scrivere per amore 2012 in Italy,) was the subject of a cinematographic adaptation by director Lucas Belvaux in 2014, under the same title.
In April 2013, at the International Symposium Les intermittences du sujet : écritures de soi et discontinu (1913-2013), the University of Upper Alsace welcomed Philippe Vilain for a day of study on his work. A university book was published following this study day: Philippe Vilain ou la dialectique des genres, under the direction of Arnaud Schmitt and Philippe Weigel, which brought together contributions of , Jean Pierrot, Marc Dambre and Frédérique Toudoire-Surlapierre.
His novel La Femme infidèle was awarded the Prix Jean Freustié in 2013.
Villain is an associate member of the CERACC (Centre d'Etudes sur le Roman des Années Cinquante au Contemporain) at the university Sorbonne-Nouvelle Paris III.
Works
Novels
1997: L'Étreinte, Éditions Gallimard,
1999: La Dernière Année, Gallimard,
2001: Le Renoncement, novel, Gallimard,
2003: L'Été à Dresde, novel, Gallimard,
2006: Paris l'après-midi, Éditions Grasset, , Prix François Mauriac of the Académie française 2007
2008: Faux-père, Grasset,
2011: Pas son genre, Grasset, , (reissued in 2014 at the time of the cinematographic adaptation of Lucas Belvaux Pas son genre), Prix Scrivere per amore 2012 in Italy
2013: La Femme infidèle, Grasset, , Prix Jean Freustié 2013
2015: Une idée de l'enfer, Grasset
Essays
2005: Défense de Narcisse, followed by an interview with Serge Doubrovsky, Grasset
2005: Retours à Hugo, photographs by Jean-Luc Chapin, Confluences
2009: L'Autofiction en théorie, followed by two interviews with Philippe Sollers and Philippe Lejeune, La Transparence
2009: Confession d'un timide, Grasset
2010: Dans le séjour des corps. Essay on Marguerite Duras, La Transparence, series "Essais d'esthétique"
2011: Dit-il. Based on by Marguerite Duras, éditions Cécile Defaut
2011: Éloge de l'arrogance, Éditions du Rocher
2016: La littérature sans idéal, Grasset,
2020: La Passion d'Orphée, Grasset.
Preface
Le donjuanisme est un humanisme, preface Don Juan [1665] by Molière, Hatier, 2009.
Interviews
Je interdit ?, information gathered by Anne Crignon, Le Nouvel Observateur, n° 2101, 10–16 February 2005.
Philippe Vilain l'immoraliste, information gathered by Emmanuelle Desforges, Littéréalité (University of Toronto), vol. XVIII, n° 2, Autumn/Winter 2006, p. 27-33.
Entre Egoismo e generosidade, interview with Miguel Conde, O Globo, Prosa § Verso (Brazil), 17 November 2007.
L'amour, comme pour Stendhal, est ma grande affaire, interview with Vincent Roy. Transfuge, April 2011.
L'amore ? E una questione di soldi, interview with Gianni Rossi Barilli, Grazia (Italy), n° 10, 5 March 2012.
Tout le monde est écrivain sauf moi (2003), in Philippe Sollers. Fugues, Gallimard, 2012.
Television
Bouillon de culture, hosted by Bernard Pivot, France 2, 15 October 1999
Ce soir ou jamais, hoted by Frédéric Taddeï, France 3, 23 November 2006
Distinctions
Prix François Mauriac of the Académie française 2007 for Paris l'après-midi
Prix Scrivere per amore 2012 in Italy for Pas son genre
Prix Jean Freustié 2013 for La Femme infidèle
Adaptations of his works
Theatre
La Dernière Année, adapted to theatre -Proscenium- by Jean-Paul Muel in 2002.
Cinema
Not My Type, based on his eponymous novel, French film directed by Lucas Belvaux, 2014.
Bibliography
Articles
Johan Faerber (Université Paris III), Une vies sans histoire. Ou l'impact autobiographique dans l'œuvre de Philippe Vilain, Revue de Littérature Comparée (Autobiographies), January–March 2008, p. 131-140.
Philippe Gasparini, Autofiction. Une aventure du langage.- Paris: Éditions du Seuil, series "Poétique", 2008, p. 262-266.
Sabine Van Wesemael (Université d'Amsterdam), Philippe Vilain se penche sur le miroir de son enfance, Actes du Colloque Relations familiales dans les littératures française et francophones des XXe et XXIe siècles : la figure de la mère, Université de Pau, 26 October 2006, Paris, L'Harmattan, 2008, p. 47-56.
Printed press
Christine Rousseau, 'J'ai le sentiment d'être écrit par l'écriture', in Le Monde des Livres, 3 October 2008.
Sophie Pujas, Philippe Vilain : Vaine pudeur, Transfuge, June 2010.
Emmanuel Gehrig, L'audace du timide, Le Temps (Switzerland), August 2010.
References
External links
Philippe Villain on Babelio
"Pas son genre", de Philippe Vilain : les amours illusoires d'un philosophe et d'une coiffeuse on Le Monde (23 June 2011)
Philippe Villain on France Inter
La littérature sans idéal de Philippe Vilain on Stalker (18 August 2016)
Confession du timide Philippe Vilain on L'Express (15 June 2010)
Conversation avec Philippe Vilain on D-Fiction (21 November 1816)
Philippe Vilain : La littérature a troqué son idéal littéraire contre un idéal marchand on Diacritik (10 May 2016)
20th-century French non-fiction writers
21st-century French non-fiction writers
21st-century French essayists
Prix Jean Freustié winners
1969 births
Living people
Take Action for Congo (AGIR pour le Congo) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo.
In June 2007, four groups—the Alliance for Citizenship, Democracy and the Republic (led by Godfrey Mavoungou), the Study Circle of Nguimbi's Friends (led by Jean-Albert Nguimbi), the Moms for Peace in Kouilou (led by Alphonsine Ibehao), and the Mossendjo Development Association (led by Joseph Lolo)—agreed to merge with Take Action for Congo. In the parliamentary election held on June 24 and August 5, 2007, the party won three out of 137 seats.
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Michał Bajor (born 13 June 1957 in Głuchołazy, Poland) is a Polish actor and musician. Bajor's songs are based on texts by Wojciech Młynarski, Jonasz Kofta, Andrzej Ozga, Marcin Sosnowski, and Julian Tuwim. He is a member of the Academy of the Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry.
Selected filmography
Alchemist (1988) as Prince Frederick
Escape from the 'Liberty' Cinema (1990) as film critic
Quo vadis (2001) as ancient Roman Emperor Nero
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Christmas albums
References
External links
Official site
1957 births
Living people
Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw alumni
People from Głuchołazy
Polish male actors
Cabaret singers
20th-century Polish male singers
21st-century Polish male singers
Jerry Flora is an American football coach. He was the head football coach at William Paterson University in Wayne Township, New Jersey from 2008 to 2017, compiling a record of 33–67. He was replaced by Dustin Johnson following the 2017 season.
Head coaching record
References
External links
William Patterson profile
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American football offensive tackles
Fairleigh Dickinson–Florham Devils football coaches
Iona Gaels football coaches
Iona Gaels football players
William Paterson Pioneers football coaches
People from White Plains, New York
Manam Kothi Paravai () is a 2012 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Ezhil, starring Sivakarthikeyan and Athmiya Rajan. D. Imman has scored the music. The film opened to moderate reviews from critics, but it was the first commercial hit in Sivakarthikeyan's career. The film was remade in Kannada as Anjada Gandu (2014) and in Telugu as Vinavayya Ramayya.
Plot
Kannan (Sivakarthikeyan) is a carefree youth who assists his father Ramaiah (Ilavarasu) in his construction business. He spends time with his friends Nalla Thambi (Soori), Modu Mutti (Singampuli), and M. R. Kishore Kumar.
Kannan is in love with his neighbour Revathy (Athmiya Rajan), whose father and uncles are the most dreaded goons in the village. They are both childhood friends. He gets a shocker when he decides to reveal his love to Revathy. Her family has arranged her a marriage with an influential man. To avoid the arranged marriage, Kannan's friends from Mumbai (Nayar (Srinath) and Chaams) kidnap Revathy.
There is a twist in the tale. Revathy declares she has no romantic interest over Kannan. "He is just a friend", says the girl at first. But later reveals that she loves Kannan too, so much so that if others knew it, it'd be a problem to him and prove to be a risk to his life.
Meanwhile, the bride-to-be's family searches frantically to find their girl. They get hold of Kannan and his friends. Revathy and Kannan are separated.
After two years, Kannan returns from Oman after having worked as a site engineer there, to meet his love. He meets her with avidity and they talk for a while when she asks him to leave immediately, for fear that her father would harm him. Kannan, still a passionate lover, asks Revathy if they could marry, now that she's not married to anybody else.
Revathy's father barges in unexpectedly and asks Kannan to leave the house, but with Revathy.
Cast
Sivakarthikeyan as Kannan
Athmiya Rajan as Revathy
Dhanush as Soup Boy (cameo)
Kriti Sanon as Soup Girl (cameo)
Ravi Mariya as Natraj, Revathy's brother
Ilavarasu as Ramaiah
Singampuli as Modu Mutti
Soori as Nalla Thambi
Srinath as Nayar
Aadukalam Naren as Revathy's father
Venniradai Moorthy as Nayar's grandfather
Vanitha Krishnachandran as Thirumathi
Sugunthan as Landlord
Chaams as Kannan's friend
M. R. Kishore Kumar as Kannan's friend
Jay Kumar
Anbarasan
Production
Producer Ambeth Kumar and Ranjeev Menon are friends of director Ezhil. When they asked him how the shooting of Manam Kothi Paravai was proceeding, he made them listen to the songs tuned by D. Imman. Impressed, they decided to produce it.
It was initially expected that Yuvan Shankar Raja, whom Ezhil had worked with in his previous release Deepavali, would compose the music, but as the budget of this film could not afford to have Yuvan as the music composer, Ezhil opted for D. Imman. After the lead role in Marina and an important role in the recently released 3, Sivakarthikeyan is taking up a full-fledged lead role again for Manam Kothi Paravai.
The film, which is set in a village, has been shot at Ezhil's native place Kayathur, near Mayavaram and Siva Karthikeyan's Thiruvizhimizhalai.
Soundtrack
The music of Manam Kothi Paravai was scored by D. Imman. The soundtrack was released on 12 April 2012, which features 8 tracks with lyrics written by Yugabharathi. Universal Music is back in the Tamil market after a 30-year hiatus with 'Manam Kothi Paravai'.
Critical reception
Behindwoods wrote: "Imman has a winner with this movie". Milliblog wrote: "Manam Kothi Paravai's soundtrack surpasses anything that composer Imman has produced so far, including his most famous soundtrack, Mynaa. The tunes and music he puts together here demonstrate a maturity not seen in the composer's work so far and makes for fantastic listen."The Hindu wrote:"MKP is a comedy it turns serious and when you settle down for the drama, matters turn ludicrous. Consistency in treatment is a casualty". Sify wrote:"On the whole the film fails to deliver". Behindwoods wrote:"Manam Kothi Paravai moves at a very relaxed pace. With not too many events packed into it, the movie might come across as a long haul if you are looking for a love story that is both entertaining and endearing. Parts of it are entertaining and parts of it, endearing".The Times of India rated 2.5 out of 5 stars stating "Ezhil seems to have tried to do a Kalavani here but those familiar with his repertoire will realize he is more comfortable with melodrama".IndiaGlitz rated 0 out of 5 stars stating "On the whole, the movie may resemble the likes of 'Kalavani' and 'Uthamaputhiran'. But forget the lengthy second half and some clichéd sequences, 'Manam Koththi Paravai' will stick to your hearts".The New Indian Express stated "A romantic comedy low on humour".
References
Films shot in Ooty
2012 films
Tamil films remade in other languages
2010s Tamil-language films
Films directed by Ezhil
Virginia State Pharmacy Board v. Virginia Citizens Consumer Council, 425 U.S. 748 (1976), was a case in which the United States Supreme Court held that a state could not limit pharmacists' right to provide information about prescription drug prices. This was an important case in determining the application of the First Amendment to commercial speech.
Background
The Commonwealth of Virginia had a statute which prohibited pharmacists from advertising prescription drug prices, providing that those who did would be guilty of “unprofessional conduct”. Drug prices varied throughout the state, as the District Court found. The law was challenged by an individual consumer and consumer groups, who brought suit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. Public Citizen's Litigation Group argued and won the case before the Supreme Court.
Majority opinion
Justice Blackmun, writing for the majority, began his opinion by giving a brief overview of the Virginia pharmacy regulation statutes, and then distinguished previous challenges to such regulations, explaining that such previous cases had been based on economic due process under the Fourteenth Amendment rather than on free speech grounds. Blackmun reasoned that this case concerned not only commercial regulation, but the free flow of information. This case was just as much about the consumers' right to receive information as it was about the pharmacists' right to provide it, and that the right to free speech is just as much about the “listener” as it is about the “speaker”.
Blackmun further described how the court had whittled down the “commercial speech” exemption through past precedent; for example, Bigelow v. Virginia, in which the Court struck down a Virginia statute prohibiting the advertisement of out-of-state abortion procedures. He also distinguished commercial speech from such “unprotected” categories of speech such as “fighting words” and obscenity. Nor does having a purely economic interest in the content of speech deprive the speaker or listener of the protection of the First Amendment. This is especially true for the consumers in this case, as the poor, elderly, and infirm needed access to such information to make informed decisions about how to get their prescriptions filled inexpensively. For such people in need, Blackmun reasoned, such information was more than simply a convenience. Furthermore, he stressed the importance of price advertising in a free market economy, because they serve to provide the underlying information for citizens to make private economic decisions.
The Commonwealth of Virginia justified its enactment of the regulation on the grounds of maintaining the professionalism of pharmacists, asserting that aggressive price competition among pharmacists would make it difficult for pharmacists to provide the proper professional services. Blackmun responded that while regulation of the pharmacy profession was both necessary and within the prerogative of the several States through their police power, the statute promoted consumers' ignorance, effectively keeping them in the dark about prescription drug prices. Blackmun dismissed this rationale as paternalistic, saying that if consumers had sufficient access to information regarding drug pricing and availability, it would only serve to aid them in their decisions about choosing a prescription drug supplier.
Blackmun concluded his opinion by explaining that states still retained the power to regulate some commercial speech, via content-neutral time, place, and manner regulations. Likewise, states retain the power to prohibit false or deceptive advertisements. However, he held that the states could not suppress truthful information about a lawful economic activity, simply out of fear of potential consequences.
Burger's concurrence
Chief Justice Burger concurred on largely practical grounds, citing the fact that since 95% of the prescriptions being filled required prepackaged medications, prepared by their manufacturers to be sold immediately. These drugs had a large enough market to be sold in such a manner, so the state's justification based on professionalism carried little weight. Burger instead concentrated on limiting the scope of Blackmun's majority opinion, stating that it did not extend to professional services such as medicine or law. Burger reasoned that since regulation of these professions governed a different set of risks, and since the services involved were unique and personalized to the client, the holding of this case should not apply to them.
Stewart's concurrence
Justice Stewart wrote a concurrence explaining how the holding of this did not limit the states' ability to restrict deceptive or false advertising. He cited various libel cases to demonstrate that while the press cannot be harshly restricted for fear that journalists may occasionally get their facts wrong, an advertiser is much more likely to know whether or not the material he was publishing was true. Thus, states should have greater latitude in regulating the content of advertisements for the veracity of their content. Even though commercial advertising and ideological expression are clearly different, advertisements which convey truthful information are worthy of First Amendment protection, and the elimination of deceptive claims serves to further the goal of the free flow of accurate and reliable information.
Rehnquist's dissent
Justice Rehnquist was the lone dissenter in this case. He lamented the majority's decision to elevate the advertisement of products to the level of the ideological “marketplace of ideas”, feeling that this was an overextension of First Amendment doctrine. He used a type of slippery slope argument to describe the potential consequences of this decision; specifically, he worried that this ruling would allow the promotion of consumption of liquor, cigarettes, and other products which states had traditionally tried to discourage.
He indirectly hearkened back to the Lochner era economic due process cases, accusing the court of writing its own economic policy into the law, when such a regulation should be within the police power of the state. He pointed to the potentially misleading nature of commercial speech, and suggested that consumers who truly needed such information could easily seek it out themselves.
He concluded by arguing that the majority has not only failed to accord proper weight to the judgment of the Virginia State Legislature, but that the protection of the First Amendment ought to be limited to political and social issues.
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
United States commercial speech case law
1976 in United States case law
Public Citizen
Legal history of Virginia
Pharmacy in the United States
The battles of Idar were three major battles fought in the principality of Idar between the armies of the two princes of Idar, Bhar Mal who was supported by the Gujarat Sultanate under Muzaffar Shah II and Rai Mal who was supported by the Rajputs under Rana Sanga. The main reason for Rana Sangas involvement in these battles was to reinstate Rai Mal to his rightful throne and to weaken the growing power of the Gujarat Sultanate. In 1517 Rai Mal with the help of Rana Sanga was able to successfully defeat Muzzafar Shah II and retake his kingdom.
Background
When Sanga came to the throne, the Gujarat Sultanate was at the meridian of its power and prosperity under Muzaffar Shah II. It was through Idar that Sanga came into collision with the Sultan of Gujarat. Idar, was a small Rathore Rajput principality situated on the borders of Gujarat. Its ruler, Rao Bhan, died, leaving two sons, Suraj Mal and Bhim. Suraj Mal succeeded to the throne but died after a reign of 18 months, leaving a minor son Rai Mal, who became the Rao of Idar. He was, however, deposed by Bhim, who usurped the throne. Rai Mal fled to Chittor for shelter. Bhim dying a few days after this, his son Bhar Mal, became Rao of Idar. Rai Mal on growing up to manhood claimed his patrimony with the assistance of Maharana Sanga, in A.D. 1514 he regained Idar, expelling Bhar Mal, who appealed for help to Sultan Muzaffar Shah II of Gujarat Sultanate.
First Battle of idar
Second Battle
The Sultan at this time was on the borders of Malwa watching developments in that country. When the envoys of Bhar Mal reached Muzaffar II, he sent Nizam-ul-mulk with an army to reinstate Bhar Mal on the gadi of Idar. The Mirat-i-sikandari says that" in A.D. 1517, Rai Mal fought with the Gujarat armies and was sometimes defeated victorious." Ferishta says that Rai Mal was defeated and that he retired to the hilly tract of Bijanagar. Nizam-ul-mulk after reinstating Bhar Mal on the gadi of Idar, went in pursuit of Rai Mal. Rai Mal issued from the hills and attacked the Gujarat army. In the battle that took place, Nizam-ul-mulk was severely defeated and his best officers and soldiers were slain. The Sultan thereupon recalled Nizam-ul-mulk to Ahmadabad.
Third battle
In A.D. 1517, Rai Mal Rathore, assisted by the Maharana re-entered the Idar territory. The Sultan of Gujarat sent his general Zahir-ul-mulk, with a large army against him. Zahir-ul-mulk was, however, attacked by Rai Mal and defeated with great slaughter. Zahir-ul-mulk was killed at the head of his cavalry and the Sultan's army fled to Gujarat. The Sultan now sent Nasrat-ul-mulk, but he too failed to achieve any success against Rai Mal.
Aftermath
Idar was won over by Rai mal Rathore with the help of Rana Sanga but Muzaffar Shah once again took Idar in 1520 leading to Rana Sanga's invasion of Gujarat in which Rana Sanga effectively weakened the Sultanates power by plundering its treasuries and by reinstating Rai mal Rathore as the Rao of Idar.
References
History of Rajasthan
Mewar dynasty
Idar
History of Gujarat
Idar
Dan Lovrović (born December 7, 1984 in Rijeka) is a Croatian sailor, who specialized in the Star and Finn classes. He achieved his best results in the Star class, by finishing twelfth at the 2012 Star World Championships in Hyères, France, along with his older brother Marin.
Lovrovic represented Croatia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where he competed as a skipper sailor for the Star class. He and his partner Marin finished last out of sixteen pairs at the end of ten preliminary races, with a net score of 116 points.
After 2012 Summer Olympics, Lovrović has switched to Finn sailing class.
References
External links
NBC Olympics Profile
1984 births
Living people
Olympic sailors of Croatia
Croatian male sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Star
Sportspeople from Rijeka
The 2022 Tulsa municipal elections are upcoming elections that will be held on August 23, 2022. A top two runoff election is scheduled for November 8 if no candidate receives a majority vote. All nine city council seats and the city auditor are elected to two year terms. The filing period was June 13–15. Incumbent Mayor G.T. Bynum is not up for reelection until 2024. All nine city council seats will have contested elections. City Auditor Cathy Carter was re-elected without opposition.
General election
District 1
Incumbent Councilwoman Vanessa Hall-Harper faced two challengers in the nonpartisan primary: David Harris and Francetta Mays. Hall-Harper won reelection with over 60% of the vote in the first round of the election.
Candidates
Winner
Vanessa Hall-Harper, incumbent City Councilor first elected in 2016
Eliminated in primary
David Harris, community engagement specialist, tech entrepreneur, and candidate for Tulsa Public Schools Board of Education district 3 in 2021
Francetta Mays, pastor and self-employed business consultant
Results
District 2
Incumbent Councilwoman Jeannie Cue defeated challenger Aaron Bisogno in the August election.
Candidates
Winner
Jeannie Cue, incumbent City Councilor first elected in 2012
Eliminated in primary
Aaron Bisogno , loan specialist and candidate for Tulsa City Council district 2 in 2014 and 2016
Endorsements
Results
District 3
Incumbent Councilwoman Crista Patrick defeated challenger Daniel Joseph Grove in the August election.
Candidates
Winner
Crista Patrick, incumbent City Councilor first elected in 2018
Eliminated in primary
Daniel Joseph Grove, roofing contractor
Endorsements
Results
District 4
Incumbent city councillor Kara Joy McKee retired and did not seek reelection. Laura Bellis earned just over 50% of the vote, winning the August election outright.
Candidates
Winner
Laura Bellis, executive director of Take Control Initiative
Eliminated in primary
Michael Birkes, architect
Michael Feamster, president of Nabholz Construction's Southwest Region
Weydan Flax
Matthew Fransein, director of development and project manager at Tulsa Metropolitan Ministry
Bobby Dean Orcutt, co-owner of Mercury Lounge
Results
District 5
Candidates
Advanced to runoff
Mykey Arthrelli, incumbent City Councilor first elected in 2020
Grant Miller
Eliminated in primary
Latasha Jim, entrepreneur
Adil Khan, consultant
Ty Walker, candidate for Tulsa City Council district 5 in 2018, 2020 Tulsa mayoral election candidate, and small business owner
District 6
Candidates
Advanced to runoff
Christian Bengel, general election and runoff candidate for City Councilor district 6 in 2020
Connie Dodson, incumbent City Councilor first elected in 2014
Eliminated in primary
Lewana Harris, senior consultant for Korn Ferry
District 7
Candidates
Advanced to runoff
Ken Reddick, candidate for Tulsa City Council district 7 in 2018 and 2020 Tulsa mayoral election candidate
Lori Decter Wright, incumbent City Councilor first elected in 2018
Eliminated in primary
Jerry Griffin, member of the Tulsa Public Schools Board of Education representing district 6
Endorsements
District 8
Incumbent Councilman Phil Lakin defeated challenger Scott Houston in the August election.
Candidates
Winner
Phil Lakin, incumbent City Councilor first elected in 2011
Eliminated in primary
Scott Houston, vice president of American Century Life Insurance Company
Endorsements
Results
District 9
Incumbent Councilman Jayme Fowler faced two challengers in the nonpartisan primary: Lee Ann Crosby and Chad Hotvedt. Fowler won reelection with over 50% of the vote in the first round of the election.
Candidates
Winner
Jayme Fowler, incumbent City Councilor first elected in 2020
Eliminated in primary
Lee Ann Crosby, candidate for Tulsa City Council district 9 in 2020
Chad Hotvedt, special education teacher
Results
City Auditor
Cathy Carter was re-elected without opposition to another two-year term. She was first elected in 2013 and has not faced an election opponent since.
Charter Questions
There are three proposed city charter amendments on the ballot in the August election. The Tulsa World endorsed all three of the proposed city charter amendments. All three amendments were approved by voters in the August 23 election.
Mayoral pay
This charter amendment involves the pay for the Mayor of Tulsa. A 1990 addition to the city charter refers to mayors pay as $70,000 when the mayor of Tulsa's salary is actually $105,000 in 2022. The amendment would remove the set dollar amount of $70,000 from the city charter.
The plain language description of the amendment from the city describes the measure as:
"This Charter amendment is a housekeeping measure. In 2001, the Mayor's salary was set by ordinance at $105,000, but our Charter has language dating back to 1990 that still refers to the first Mayor's annual salary of $70,000. Because this old language has created confusion as to what the Mayor's salary actually is, this amendment simply removes this outdated and conflicting reference to the first Mayor's salary being $70,000. If this amendment is approved, it will not change the Mayor's salary."
Candidate resident requirement
This charter amendment involves setting the residency requirement for running for city office to 365 days. In order to file for Mayor, city auditor, or city councillor the candidate must live in Tulsa or the city council district for 365 days prior to filing. Currently the residency requirement only requires the Mayor and city auditor live in the city, while city councillors must live in their district for 90 days before running for office. An exception is included in the amendment for candidates who's residency is interrupted by redistricting.
The plain language description of the amendment from the city describes the measure as:
"Currently our Charter provides that the Mayor and City Auditor must be Tulsa residents at the time they announce that they are running for office, but it does not require residency for any specific length of time. A candidate for City Council must be a resident in the district in which they are running for at least 90 days. This amendment would add a 365-day City of Tulsa residency requirement to run for Mayor or City Auditor and increase a Council candidates Council district residency requirement from 90 days to 365 days. This amendment also clarifies that, should a candidate's Council district be changed when district boundaries are adjusted every 10 years due to a population shift, a candidate can still run for City Council in their new Council district."
City Auditor term length
This charter amendment involves increasing the city auditor's term length from 2 years to 4 years and staggering the elections with the 4-year mayoral terms. If passed, the 2026 city auditor election would be the first election using the new 4 year term.
The plain language description of the amendment from the city describes the measure as:
"The City Auditor is elected city-wide and currently serves a 2-year term of office, the same as City Councilors. The Mayor is the only other office holder elected city-wide and serves a 4-year term. This Charter amendment would change the City Auditor's term in office to 4 years beginning in December 2026 and would stagger the Auditor's term so that the Mayor's and Auditor's elections and terms are offset by 2 years"
External links
Tulsa World candidate coverage
References
2022 United States local elections
2022 Oklahoma elections
Tom Forster is an American gymnastics coach, entrepreneur, and former gymnast. After Valeri Liukin resigned from the role in February 2018, USA Gymnastics named Forster as the high performance team coordinator for the United States women's national gymnastics team in July 2018 but he later resigned in December 2021. Prior to his position at USA Gymnastics, he found acclaim as a gymnastics coach on the national elite gymnastics circuit after founding and opening the Colorado Aerials Gymnastics facility in Colorado Springs, Colorado in 1983— a club that has spawned many U.S. National team members and two Olympic Trials competitors. After widespread criticism from gymnastics fans, he stepped down on December 9th, 2021.
Personal life
Forster graduated from Mitchell High School in Colorado Springs, and later Pennsylvania State University where he was a member of the Penn State Nittany Lions men's gymnastics team.
He is married to Lori Forster, with whom he founded Colorado Aerials in 1983. The facility is run by his family.
References
Living people
American male artistic gymnasts
Sportspeople from Colorado Springs, Colorado
Pennsylvania State University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Francis Seymour Larpent (15 September 1776 – 21 May 1845) was a British lawyer and civil servant. From 1812 to 1814, he served as Judge-Advocate General of the British Army under Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington. He wrote an account of this period which provides information about the theory and practice of military justice in the early 19th century.
After the Napoleonic Wars, Larpent worked in Gibraltar and Vienna, before returning to the United Kingdom where he died in 1845.
Life
The eldest son of John Larpent, and half-brother of Sir George Gerard de Hochepied Larpent, he was educated at Cheam school. He entered St John's College, Cambridge in 1795, where he graduated B.A. as fifth wrangler in 1799, was elected fellow, and proceeded M.A. in 1802.
Larpent studied for some time under John Bayley the special pleader, was called to the bar, and went the western circuit, but did little business, but made some useful friendships. Charles Manners-Sutton, the judge-advocate general, selected him in 1812 to go out to the Iberian Peninsula as deputy judge-advocate general to the forces there. He remained till 1814 at headquarters with the Duke of Wellington, who thought highly of him. In August 1813 he was taken prisoner, but was exchanged almost immediately.
In 1814 Larpent was made a commissioner of customs. About the same time he was appointed civil and admiralty judge for Gibraltar. A new code was in course of formation, and Larpent was employed for a month or two in arranging the court-martial on General Sir John Murray.
In the spring of 1815 Larpent was invited by the Prince Regent to inquire into the improprieties which Princess Caroline was alleged to have committed abroad, but he insisted that his appointment should proceed from the government directly, and that he should not be employed to gather partisan evidence. Although he nominally set out to take up his work at Gibraltar, he went to Vienna, where he was accredited to Count Münster, and began his investigations into the princess's conduct, with the result that he dissuaded the prince's advisers from bringing her to public trial. He travelled on to Gibraltar, and remained there till 1820, when he was again employed in secret service with reference to Queen Caroline.
In 1821 Lord Liverpool made Larpent one of the commissioners of the board of audit of the public accounts. In 1826 he became its chairman, and in 1843 he retired. He died at Holmwood, near Dorking, Surrey, on 21 May 1845.
Works
When in the Peninsula Larpent wrote descriptive letters to his step-mother; these were edited, with a preface by Sir George Larpent, under the title of Private Journals of Francis Seymour Larpent, London, 1853, 3 vols., and passed through three editions the same year.
Family
Larpent married, first, on 15 March 1815, Catherine Elizabeth, second daughter of Frederick Reeves of East Sheen, Surrey—she died without issue on 17 Jan. 1822; secondly, on 10 Dec. 1829, Charlotte Rosamund, daughter of George Arnold Arnold of Halstead Place, Kent—she died at Bath on 28 April 1879.
See also
Peninsular War
Notes
External links
The private journal of F. Seymour Larpent, during the Peninsular War, from 1812 to its close (1853)
Attribution
1776 births
1845 deaths
Members of Lincoln's Inn
British civil servants
Fellows of St John's College, Cambridge
Civil servants in the Audit Office (United Kingdom)
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Whitfield County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census shows a population of 102,599. The county seat is Dalton. The county was created on December 30, 1851, and named after George Whitefield, Methodist evangelist. The "e" was omitted to reflect the pronunciation of his name.
Whitfield County is part of the Dalton, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Chattanooga-Cleveland-Dalton, TN-GA-AL Combined Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. The majority of Whitfield County is located in the Conasauga River sub-basin in the ACT River Basin (Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin), with a part of the western edge of the county is located in the Middle Tennessee-Chickamauga sub-basin of the Middle Tennessee-Hiwassee basin. A very small portion of the southern edge of the county is located in the Oostanaula River sub-basin in the larger ACT River Basin.
Adjacent counties
Bradley County, Tennessee (north)
Murray County (east)
Gordon County (south)
Walker County (west-southwest)
Catoosa County (west-northwest)
Hamilton County, Tennessee (northwest)
National protected area
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 76
State Route 2
State Route 3
State Route 3 Connector
State Route 52
State Route 71
State Route 201
State Route 286
State Route 401 (unsigned designation for I-75)
Pedestrians and cycling
Pinhoti Trail
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 Census, there were 29,385 households, out of which 36.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.50% were married couples living together, 10.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.60% were non-families. 20.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.82 and the average family size was 3.24.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.30% under the age of 18, 10.00% from 18 to 24, 30.80% from 25 to 44, 21.50% from 45 to 64, and 10.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,377, and the median income for a family was $44,652. Males had a median income of $30,122 versus $23,709 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,515. About 8.60% of families and 11.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.70% of those under age 18 and 11.70% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 102,599 people, 35,180 households, and 26,090 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 39,899 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 76.6% white, 3.7% black or African American, 1.3% Asian, 0.6% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 15.0% from other races, and 2.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 31.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 12.1% were American, 11.0% were Irish, 8.4% were English, and 7.5% were German.
Of the 35,180 households, 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were married couples living together, 13.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.8% were non-families, and 21.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.36. The median age was 34.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,345 and the median income for a family was $48,991. Males had a median income of $34,150 versus $27,315 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,780. About 15.6% of families and 19.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.7% of those under age 18 and 13.8% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 102,864 people, 34,518 households, and 25,351 families residing in the county.
Education
Whitfield County Schools
High schools
Northwest Whitfield High School
Southeast Whitfield High School
Coahulla Creek High School
Middle schools
Eastbrook Middle School
New Hope Middle School
North Whitfield Middle School
Valley Point Middle School
Westside Middle School
Elementary schools
Antioch Elementary School
Beaverdale Elementary School
Cedar Ridge Elementary School
Cohutta Elementary School
Dawnville Elementary School
Dug Gap Elementary School
Eastside Elementary School
New Hope Elementary School
Pleasant Grove Elementary School
Tunnel Hill Elementary School
Valley Point Elementary School
Varnell Elementary School
Westside Elementary School
Alternative schools
Crossroads Academy
Phoenix High School
Dalton Public Schools
High schools
Dalton High School
Morris Innovative High School
Middle schools
Dalton Middle School
Elementary schools
Brookwood Elementary
Blue Ridge Elementary
City Park Elementary
Park Creek Elementary
Roan Elementary
Westwood Elementary
Private schools
Cedar Valley Christian Academy
Christian Heritage School
Learning Tree School
Communities
Cities
Dalton
Varnell
Towns
Cohutta
Tunnel Hill
Unincorporated community
Rocky Face
Dawnville
Tilton
Politics
Like much of the rest of Georgia, Whitfield County was strongly Democratic in the early 20th century, albeit less so than other parts of the state; it went Republican for William Howard Taft in 1908, Warren G. Harding in 1920 and for Herbert Hoover in 1928. The three Republicans would lose Georgia but win their respective national elections.
Despite being strongly Democratic through Franklin D. Roosevelt's four elections and in the subsequent two, the county only narrowly went for Democrat Adlai Stevenson II in 1956 and flipped Republican for Richard Nixon in 1960. It would flip back to the Democrats and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964, even as Barry Goldwater would become the first Republican to ever carry the state of Georgia in a presidential election. However, it would be one of the last hurrahs for the Democratic Party in Whitfield County; Hubert Humphrey would finish third here in 1968 behind Richard Nixon and third party candidate George Wallace, and it would give Nixon over 80% of the vote in 1972. It snapped back Democratic for native Georgian Jimmy Carter in 1976 and 1980, but this would be the final time it voted Democratic at the presidential level. It has become a safely Republican area throughout the remainder of the 20th century and into the 21st. In 2020, Democrat Joe Biden received over 10,000 votes, the first time a Democrat had received that many from Whitfield County since 1976, and was only one of two counties in non-metro Atlanta northwest Georgia where Donald Trump received less than 70% of the vote.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Whitfield County, Georgia
References
External links
http://whitfieldga.genealogyvillage.com/ Whitfield County Genealogy & History
https://www.daltonpublicschools.com/ Dalton City Schools District Website
https://www.wcsga.net/ Whitfield County Schools District Website
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1851 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Dalton metropolitan area, Georgia
Northwest Georgia (U.S.)
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1851
USA-1, also known as Navstar 9, GPS I-9 and GPS SVN-9, was an American navigation satellite launched in 1984 as part of the Global Positioning System development programme. It was the ninth of eleven Block I GPS satellites to be launched, and the first satellite to receive a USA designation.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
Spacecraft
The first eleven spacecraft (GPS Block 1) were used to demonstrate the feasibility of the GPS system. They were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied over 400 watts. They had S-band communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. They were manufactured by Rockwell Space Systems, were 5.3 meters across with solar panels deployed, and had a design life expectancy of 5 years. Unlike the later operational satellites, GPS Block 1 spacecraft were inclined at 63°.
Launch
USA-1 was launched at 11:37 UTC on 13 June 1984, atop an Atlas E launch vehicle with an SGS-2 upper stage. The Atlas used had the serial number 42E, and was originally built as an Atlas E. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 3W at Vandenberg Air Force Base, and placed USA-1 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit (MEO) using a Star-27 apogee motor.
Mission
By 19 July 1984, USA-1 had been raised to an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718.00 minutes, and 62.80° of inclination to the equator. The satellite had a design life of 5 years and a mass of . It broadcast the PRN 13 signal in the GPS demonstration constellation, and was retired from service on 20 June 1994.
References
1984 in spaceflight
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1984
Philipp Gaßner (born 8 August 2003) is a Liechtensteiner footballer who currently plays for Dornbirn and the Liechtenstein national team.
Club career
In June 2022 Gaßner left AKA Vorarlberg and signed his first professional contract with FC Dornbirn 1913 of the Austrian 2. Liga. The contract was initially a 2-year deal with a club option for another.
International career
He is a member of the Liechtenstein national football team, making his debut in a 2022–23 UEFA Nations League match against Latvia on 14 June 2022. Gaßner has also made seven appearances for the Liechtenstein U21 to date.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
National Football Teams profile
OFB profile
Soccerway profile
2003 births
Living people
Liechtenstein footballers
Association football forwards
Liechtenstein international footballers
The Center for Homeland Defense and Security at the Naval Postgraduate School (NPS) in Monterey, California is a school focusing on homeland security education.
The Center's programs and resources have been developed to advance the study of homeland security research, scholarship, and professional discipline to enhance U.S. national security and safety. The Center offers a Master of Arts degree in Security Studies (Homeland Security and Defense), an Executive Leaders Program, Executive Education Seminars, the University and Agency Partnership Initiative, and self-study courses. Resources include the Homeland Security Digital Library and Homeland Security Affairs, an on open-source academic journal.
History
The events of September 11th, 2001 revealed that new homeland security issues and threats were facing the United States. There was a need for educational programs for homeland security professionals who could prevent, plan for, respond to, and lead recovery efforts from terrorist events occurring within the U.S. The Naval Postgraduate School Center for Homeland Defense and Security was created by Congress, the U.S. Department of Justice, and the U.S. Department of Defense in April 2002 to implement this educational role. The first master's degree classes began in January 2003.
The CHDS created educational programs to:
Educate and prepare local, state, tribal, and federal homeland security leaders
Develop new policies, strategies, and organizational arrangements to prevent and respond to future terrorist or catastrophic events
Define the emerging discipline of homeland security and the curriculum components of graduate and executive‐level homeland security education
Promote and encourage homeland security collaboration across professional disciplines and all levels of government
Facilitate the development of a national homeland security education system by using an open-source model to develop programs, curriculum, and educational tools
Share educational resources with other academic institutions and agencies to expedite the development of homeland security programs nationwide.
Programs and Resources
The programs and resources of the CHDS improve domestic safety and defense by promoting the study of homeland security as a field of research, scholarship, and professional discipline. There are several types and levels of homeland security education programs offered by the Center, including a master's degree program, seminars, a digital library, self-study courses, an online journal, and podcasts.
The Masters Program
The CHDS Master's Program offers a Master of Arts degree in Security Studies (Homeland Security and Defense) awarded by the Naval Postgraduate School. Candidates for this degree are local, state, tribal, federal, and military homeland security professionals and officials. Courses are taught through a combination of short but intensive in-residence sessions, and network-based learning. This program gives homeland security leaders the knowledge and skill to develop strategies, plans, and programs that reduce national vulnerability to terrorist and catastrophic events. Students learn organizational and management skills, development of interagency cooperation, and actionable policy and strategy. Students' thesis research benefits their home states or agencies. Some theses have been implemented at the national level.
The Executive Leaders Program
The Executive Leaders Program (ELP) has been developed from the CHDS master's degree curricula. Participants study key homeland security topics and issues while building working relationships and networks across local, state, tribal, federal, and jurisdictional lines. This program was designed to accommodate the busy schedules of executives. It is conducted in four one-week in-residence sessions which take place over nine months. As the ELP is a certificate program, it does not require the intensive workload typical of graduate-level degree programs.
Pacific Executive Leaders Program
The Pacific Executive Leaders Program (Pacific ELP), a graduate level education curriculum, to address specific challenges facing officials in these unique areas. This course is intended for mid- and senior-level homeland security professionals as an opportunity to develop the strategies, policies and organizational elements they need to better understand and address emerging regional security issues, public policy debates, terrorist threats and best practices in homeland security.
Fusion Center Leaders Program
The Fusion Center Leaders Program (FCLP) is built upon guidance from the National Fusion Center Management Group comprising state
and local partners, Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and Department of Justice (DOJ). This graduate level course examines key questions and issues facing fusion center leaders and their roles in homeland security, public safety, and the Information Sharing Environment (ISE). The course is shaped to enhance critical thinking related to homeland security and public safety intelligence issues at the local, state, territorial, tribal and federallevels of government and in the private sector.
Executive Education Seminars
The Executive Education Seminars (EES) re half-day seminars which help senior-level state and local officials identify and plan for their locale's specific homeland security threats. Customized and conducted at the locality by Mobile Education Teams (MET), these seminars enhance leadership development, communication, and knowledge at all levels of local, state, and federal governments and agencies. Strategic planning, policy development, and organizational design are discussed. Multimedia briefings and news stories create the context for these facilitated, non-attributive roundtable discussions.
The University and Agency Partnership Initiative
The University and Agency Partnership Initiative (UAPI) expands and develops homeland security education nationwide. Partner institutions and agencies around the country are provided with the CHDS curriculum, web-based learning technology, access to the Homeland Security Digital Library, and other CHDS educational resources. All educational materials and resources are provided at no cost to UAPI partners. In return, partners share their curricula and specialized expertise with CHDS and the other UAPI partners. The multiplier effect of this program increases the number of students with access to homeland security education programs nationwide.
Self-study Courses
CHDS offers online, non-credit self-study courses in targeted homeland security topics to students, educators, and government officials. These courses are developed by the CHDS faculty from the Center's homeland security master's degree curriculum. Offered at no cost, these courses are designed for homeland defense and security professionals who want to learn more about their field and require the flexibility of self-paced instruction. NPS does not provide credit for these courses, however, participants may download a record of completion.
The Homeland Security Digital Library
The Homeland Security Digital Library (HSDL) is the nation's foremost collection of documents and resources related to homeland security. The library assists homeland security professionals, researchers, and academics of all disciplines with homeland security research and information. Library access is offered to U.S. citizens who are federal, state, tribal, and local U.S. government officials; members of the U.S. military; homeland security researchers and academics; or security staff protecting organizations vital to U.S. infrastructure. Resources are collected from a wide variety of sources and are selected and evaluated by a team of librarians and subject-matter specialists before inclusion in the library. Documents are open-source and are published by federal, state, tribal, and local government agencies; professional organizations; think tanks; academic institutions; and international governing bodies. Websites, maps, and other types of resources are also available at the HSDL. Access to most of the HSDL collection requires a password-protected account or organizational access (military installations; federal, territorial, tribal, state and local government agencies; and research institutions (including a number of colleges and universities), but the HSDL “On The Homefront” blog, a customized search of select homeland security blogs, a resource page for grants, a list of homeland security books and journal sources, and a Twitter alert for newly published reports, as well as other resources are open-source and available to the general public.
Homeland Security Affairs
Homeland Security Affairs (HSA) is the online journal of the CHDS. It provides a forum to propose and debate strategies, policies, and organizational arrangements to strengthen U.S. homeland security. Contributors to Homeland Security Affairs represent top subject-matter experts and practitioners in the field of homeland security and include instructors, alumni, participants in CHDS programs, and partners of CHDS. This peer-reviewed academic journal captures the best of their collective work, as well as that of scholars and practitioners throughout the nation. Homeland Security Affairs accepts submissions of original research articles, short-form articles and essays, and media reviews.
References
Masters program brochure
Speech by David Paulson, FEMA director, given at the five-year anniversary of the center.
External links
Homeland Security Digital Library (HSDL)
Homeland Security Affairs Journal
Naval Postgraduate School
Local elections were held in Iran on 19 May 2017 to elect members of the City and Village Councils simultaneously with the twelfth presidential election.
Registration
A total number of 287,425 candidates registered in the elections nationwide, including 17,885 women (6.3%). Share of female candidates shows a slight increase in comparison to 2013 elections, when they made up just 5.4%.
Results
Provincial capitals
KhabarOnline reported the results for ten major city councils as follows:
Rouhani administration-controlled newspaper Iran and allegedly Revolutionary Guards-affiliated Tasnim News Agency published detailed reports on the results, with the number of seats won by each bloc as following:
See also List of results of 2017 Iranian local elections based on provinces for more detailed results.
Highlights
During the elections, a 60-year-old bird seller was placed first in Khorram Abad, campaigning with walking the streets introducing himself to people. In Rasht, a teacher who was sacked after the 1979 Iranian Revolution as well as a street sweeper were elected.
Post-election controversy over non-Muslim councillors
There has been a controversy around the reelection of Sepanta Niknam, a Zoroastrian municipal councillor in Yazd, as there was no clear legislation on the matter. "On April 15, about one month before Iran's local and presidential elections", Ahmad Jannati, head of the Guardian Council, had "issued a directive demanding that non-Muslims be disqualified from running in the then-upcoming city and village council elections in localities where most of the population are Muslims". On November 26, 2017, Iranian lawmakers approved the urgency of a bill that would give the right for members of the religious minorities to nominate candidates for the city and village councils elections. The bill secured 154 yes votes, 23 noes and 10 abstention. A total of 204 lawmakers were present at the parliament session.
References
2017
local elections
May 2017 events in Iran
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Eigenbrakel, or Braine-l'Alleud. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Braine-l'Alleud
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Braine-l'Alleud
Braine-l'Alleud
In Hawaiian religion, Kamohoaliʻi is a shark god and a brother of Kāne Milohaʻi, Pele, Kapo, Nāmaka, and Hiʻiaka.
Kamohoaliʻi swam in the area around the islands of Maui and Kahoolawe. When a ship was lost at sea, Ka-moho-aliʻi shook his tail in front of the fleet and the kahuna would feed him awa, a narcotic drink, and Kamohoaliʻi would guide the men home. He is sometimes said to have guided the ships of the original inhabitants of Hawaii from the mainland to their island home in this way.
Kamohoaliʻi had the power to take on the form of any fish and is believed to own multiple underwater caves beneath the ocean where he dwells.
See also
Ukupanipo, also a Hawaiian shark god
References
Hawaiian gods
Fish gods
William Ellsworth Lee (January 31, 1867 – October 28, 1936) was an American businessman.
Biography
The brother of Thomas Peter Lee, was born in Petroleum, West Virginia on January 31, 1867. At a very early age, he began working in the oil fields and spent six years with the U. S. Oil Company in West Virginia, before moving to Ohio and then following his brother to Saratoga, Texas in 1904. He married Margaret McGuigan, a native of Parkersburg, on September 8, 1907, and the couple had six children: William Howard, Irene May, Thomas Peter, Faustine Ellen, and the twins, Donald and Ronald.
After working for ten years with the Producers Oil Company, Bill Lee resigned and joined the Texas Company (Texaco), which assigned him to the Sour Lake production division. When T. P. Lee left the Texas Company and vacated the position of general superintendent of production, Bill thought that he might be promoted to that spot, but another got the job. Though thoroughly sickened when things did not work out as planned, he stayed with the company only at the insistence of his brother. Meanwhile, he still sought another area of employment, until finally, he got his wish.
With the formation of the Yount-Lee Oil Company, T. P. Lee gave him a block of stock in the new venture, and this afforded him the opportunity to break away from the oil business. Subsequently, he organized and became president of the Citizens National Bank of Sour Lake, Texas which became one of the most prominent financial institutions in Hardin County.
Bill Lee's grandson, T. P. "Tommy" Lee, III, described his grandfather as a large man weighing about three hundred pounds and with a height of about five feet, eleven inches. He was very affectionate toward all family members, but he was closer to T. P. Lee than all the rest. Portrayed as a "man of extreme wealth with country ways," Bill Lee maintained a vegetable garden, kept various farm animals at his stately Houston home on Montrose Boulevard, and enjoyed spoiling all of his children and grandchildren.
After moving from Sour Lake to Houston, Lee devoted himself to investments. He became a distinguished financier, a member of the River Oaks Country Club, Houston Club, Yacht Club, Mount Olive Lodge No. 3, A. F. and A. M. of Parkersburg, West Virginia, and the Shrine and Knights Templar. Bill Lee lived to be sixty-nine years old, and at the time of his death on October 28, 1936, brought on by bronchial pneumonia, he made his residence at 4218 Montrose Boulevard in Houston. Like his brother, T. P. Lee, Bill is buried at Houston's Glenwood Cemetery.
Legacy
One of Bill's daughters, Faustine, married Glenn Herbert McCarthy, popularly known as "Diamond Glenn", a legendary wildcatter who built the world-famous Shamrock Hotel in Houston. Purportedly, McCarthy, a close friend of Howard Hughes, inspired the character of Jett Rink found in Edna Ferber's best-selling novel Giant. Another of Bill Lee's children, William Howard, married into Hollywood royalty not once but twice: first to actress Hedy Lamarr from December 1953 until the couple divorced in 1960; and then to Gene Tierney in 1960.
References
Source: McKinley, Fred B., and Greg Riley. Black Gold to Bluegrass: From the Oil Fields of Texas to Spindletop Farm of Kentucky. Austin: Eakin Press, 2005.
American businesspeople in the oil industry
Businesspeople from Texas
Texas Oil Boom people
1867 births
1936 deaths
American financiers
Texaco people
Nabil Abdul Tahlak (born 10 July 1957) is an Emirati shooter. He competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1957 births
Living people
Shooters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Emirati male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of the United Arab Emirates
Greg Hrbek is an American fiction author and educator.
Early years
Hrbek graduated from Kent School in Kent, Connecticut in 1986.
Teaching
After earning a Bachelor of Arts from Vassar College in 1990, Hrbek taught kindergarten for three years in San Francisco and New York City, before studying for a Master of Fine Arts degree in English at the Iowa Writers' Workshop, which he completed in 1995. The University of Iowa awarded him an Iowa Arts Fellowship, and he won a James A. Michener Fellowship in 1995, which allowed him to write in California for a year, before returning to Vassar to teach half time in the English Department.
From 1999 to 2000, Hrbek taught fiction writing full-time at Butler University, then was awarded the year 2000 Alfred Hodder Fellowship from Princeton University, where he lived as fiction writer in residence. Since 2001, Hrbek has been teaching fiction writing courses as Writer-in-Residence at Skidmore College in Saratoga Springs, New York, where he lives with his wife, son and daughter.
Writing
In 1996, at the age of 27, Hrbek won the James Jones First Novel Award for his first novel in progress, The Hindenburg Crashes Nightly, a complex story of obsessive, lifelong love. He had worked on this book for two years at the Iowa Writers' Workshop, and in California, and at Vassar while teaching. It was published in 1999 by Bard/Avon (), and was widely reviewed, favorably by Publishers Weekly and Atlanta Journal-Constitution, mixed by The New York Times and Rocky Mountain News.
Since 1999, Hrbek has written short fiction, with stories appearing in Harper's Magazine, Salmagundi, Idaho Review, Conjunctions, and Black Warrior Review. His short story "Green World" (Harper's), was a finalist for the 1999 National Magazine Award in Fiction. "Bereavement" was a finalist for the 2007 Robert Olen Butler Prize, while "The Cliffs at Marpi" was a finalist for the 2006 Bridport Prize, each appearing in the respective anthologies. "Sagittarius" was a selection for The Best American Short Stories 2009. A collection of these short stories, Destroy All Monsters, was published by Bison Books in 2011, . It won the 2010 Prairie Schooner Book Prize in Fiction.
Bibliography
The Hindenburg Crashes Nightly (1996)
Destroy All Monsters, and Other Stories (2011)
Not on Fire, but Burning (2015)
References
20th-century American novelists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Vassar College alumni
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
American male novelists
American male short story writers
Kent School alumni
20th-century American short story writers
20th-century American male writers
Jacob Henry Bromwell (May 11, 1848 – June 4, 1924) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1894 to 1903.
Biography
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Bromwell resided during his boyhood in Newport, Kentucky.
He attended the public schools of Cincinnati and was graduated from Hughes High School in 1864.
He taught in the public schools of southern Indiana and of Cincinnati for twenty-three years.
He was graduated from Cincinnati Law School in 1870.
He was admitted to the bar of Hamilton County in 1888 and commenced practice in Cincinnati.
He served as mayor of Wyoming, Ohio from 1880 to 1886.
He served as assistant county solicitor of Hamilton County 1888–1892.
Congress
Bromwell was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-third Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of John A. Caldwell.
He was reelected to the Fifty-fourth and to the three succeeding Congresses and served from December 3, 1894, to March 3, 1903.
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1902.
He resumed the practice of law in Cincinnati.
He served as judge of the court of common pleas of Hamilton County 1907–1913.
He declined to be a candidate for renomination.
He again engaged in the practice of law.
Death
He died in Wyoming, Ohio, June 4, 1924.
He was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Sources
1848 births
1924 deaths
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Politicians from Cincinnati
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
People from Wyoming, Ohio
Ohio Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
19th-century American lawyers
The FIFA World Cup, sometimes called the Football World Cup or the Soccer World Cup, but usually referred to simply as the World Cup, is an international association football competition contested by the men's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. The championship has been awarded every four years since the first tournament in 1930, except in 1942 and 1946, due to World War II.
The tournament consists of two parts, the qualification phase and the final phase (officially called the World Cup Finals). The qualification phase, which currently take place over the three years preceding the Finals, is used to determine which teams qualify for the Finals. The current format of the Finals involves 32 teams competing for the title, at venues within the host nation (or nations) over a period of about a month. The World Cup Finals is the most widely viewed sporting event in the world, with an estimated 715.1 million people watching the 2006 tournament final.
Tunisia have appeared in the finals of the FIFA World Cup on five occasions and today on 29 March, the first being at the 1978 FIFA World Cup where they finished in ninth position. Between 1998 and 2006 they had a streak of three World Cup qualifications. They will make their sixth appearance at the finals in the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar. However, Tunisia have not been able to progress past the group stage on any occasions.
Summary
By match
FIFA World Cup record
As of 2018, Tunisia never survived the group stage of a World Cup. They have won two matches: against Mexico in 1978, and Panama in 2018.
1978 FIFA World Cup
Tunisia's first World Cup was the 1978 competition held in Argentina. They became the first African team to win a World Cup game, defeating Mexico 3–1 in Rosario. A 1–0 defeat to 1974 bronze-medalists Poland followed. Although The Eagles Of Carthage then held reigning champions West Germany to a 0–0 draw, they failed to advance. Tunisia failed to qualify for the FIFA World Cup again until twenty years later.
Tunisia v Mexico
Poland v Tunisia
West Germany v Tunisia
1998 FIFA World Cup
Adel Sellimi's team were beaten 2–0 by England, and 1–0 by Colombia to eliminate them at the group stage. Their only point was in a 1–1 draw with Romania.
England vs Tunisia
Colombia vs Tunisia
Romania vs Tunisia
2002 FIFA World Cup
Tunisia reached their second successive FIFA World Cup (and third overall), which was co-hosted by South Korea and Japan. They started with a 2–0 loss against Russia, but a Raouf Bouzaiene free-kick gave them a 1–1 draw against Belgium in their second match. Their final group game resulted in a 2–0 defeat to co-host Japan, meaning they were knocked out in the group stages yet again.
All times local (UTC+9)
Russia v Tunisia
Tunisia v Belgium
Tunisia v Japan
2006 FIFA World Cup
Tunisia drew their opening game against Saudi Arabia 2–2, but lost their second match to Spain 3–1 and lost their last group match to Ukraine 1–0, ending their 2006 FIFA World Cup campaign.
All times local (CEST/UTC+2)
Tunisia vs Saudi Arabia
Spain vs Tunisia
Ukraine vs Tunisia
2018 FIFA World Cup
Tunisia vs England
The two teams had met in two matches, including one game at the 1998 FIFA World Cup group stage, an England 2–0 victory.
England scored in the 11th minute when Mouez Hassen stopped a John Stones' header from a corner from the left, but could not save a Harry Kane follow-up from close range. Hassen was substituted four minutes later for Farouk Ben Mustapha due to an injury earlier in the game, after he had a collision with Jesse Lingard. Lingard then mishit a volley from Ashley Young's cross to the far post. After 10 minutes, Ferjani Sassi equalised from the penalty spot after Kyle Walker was penalised for an elbow on Fakhreddine Ben Youssef. Kane had an appeal for a penalty waved away within five minutes of the restart as he was seemingly impeded by a pair of Tunisia players at a corner. In the additional time, Harry Maguire flicked a Kieran Trippier corner from the right into the path of Kane, who headed it inside the goal after being left free at the back post.
England scored more than once for the first time in 10 World Cups matches, since a 2–2 draw against Sweden in 2006. Kane became the first England player to score a brace in a World Cup match since Gary Lineker against Cameroon in 1990.
Belgium vs Tunisia
The two teams had faced each other in three matches, including one game at the 2002 FIFA World Cup group stage, which ended in a 1–1 draw.
Just 6 minutes into the game, Syam Ben Youssef's late challenge on Eden Hazard was deemed, with the use of VAR, to have been just inside the area and he stepped up to score the penalty into the bottom-left corner. Ten minutes later, Dries Mertens won possession just inside the Tunisia half before driving forward and passing the ball to Romelu Lukaku. Lukaku then shot a low strike across Farouk Ben Mustapha into the bottom-right corner. Wahbi Khazri's free-kick from the left was met by Dylan Bronn, who flashed a header past Thibaut Courtois. Thomas Meunier found Lukaku inside the area, which he clipped over the onrushing Mustapha. Toby Alderweireld's long pass from defence was taken on the chest by Hazard, who then rounded Mustapha to stroke into an empty net. Michy Batshuayi met Youri Tielemans' cross at the back post with a controlled half-volley to score Belgium's 5th. Khazri scored deep into stoppage time after a swivel in the box.
Lukaku became the first player since Diego Maradona to score back-to-back braces in consecutive world cup games. Hazard's penalty was Belgium's second quickest goal in a World Cup match (5:59), behind only Léopold Anoul's goal against England in 1954, in the fifth minute. For Tunisia, it has registered as their worst defeat ever in their World Cup history.
Panama vs Tunisia
The two teams had never met before. Both teams had already been eliminated from the tournament before the match.
Panama took the lead in the 33rd minute, after a José Rodríguez shot from outside the penalty area took a deflection off Yassine Meriah and nestle in the back of the net. In the 51st minute, Naïm Sliti found Wahbi Khazri down the right and the latter's low cross was converted by the Fakhreddine Ben Youssef just six yards out. At the 66 minute mark, Khazri finished off a cross from the left by Oussama Haddadi from close range at the back post.
Tunisia won a World Cup match after 40 years, since their 3–1 victory over Mexico in 1978. Panama became the first nation since Serbia & Montenegro and Togo in 2006 to lose each of their first three World Cup games. Panama's goal means this is the first World Cup tournament in which every side has scored at least two goals in the competition. Meriah's own goal was the 50th in World Cup history.
Record players
Top Goalscorers
References
External links
Tunisia at FIFA
World Cup Finals Statistics
Countries at the FIFA World Cup
Zvi Hirsch Koretz (; June 2, 1884 – June 3, 1945), also written as Tzevi or Sevi Koretz, was an Ashkenazi Jew who served as the Chief Rabbi of Saloniki's Jewish community from 1933 to 1945. His role as president of the Judenrat during World War II has been called into controversy, with many accusing him of being a Nazi collaborator.
Biography
Koretz was born June 2, 1884 in Rzeszów, Galicia, Austria-Hungary. He would study in the Higher Institute for Jewish Studies in Berlin, where he received a doctorate in philosophy and Semitic languages, writing his thesis on "The Description of Hell in the Quran and its Prototypes in Jewish Literature." Following this he would receive semicha at the Berlin Rabbinical Seminary. In 1927 he would marry a woman named Gita, a fellow native of Galicia, in Hamburg.
In 1933 Koretz, an Ashkenazi Jew who followed a 'liberal tradition,' was made Chief Rabbi of Salonika, a Sephardic community that mostly spoke Ladino. His office was given, on the condition that he would be able to learn Ladino and Greek within three months, and after doing so he would begin to make a name for himself by working with the government on their behalf. His politicking would make him an ally to several prominent members of the military, government, and the King, among whom he would often make public declarations of support.
Despite his connections outside of the community, Koretz had many detractors due to him not practicing Orthodox Judaism and living lavishly. His first actions in office would make this apparent as his first priority had been to secure the community funds and establish a large salary for himself. His lack of familiarity with Sephardic traditions would result in much of the responsibilities normally held by the spiritual office being delegated to local rabbis. Because of these strained relations he would bring several Ladino newspapers to civil court in 1934 for defamation, rather than the Beth Din, for attacks against his taking a large personal salary and desecrating the Sabbath. His choice to forgo the Beth Din, would raise questions of whether the institution needed reform. While his predecessor focused the office on resolving matters of halacha for the community, his first communal acts would update census information for the government; this would go into effect in 1934 and would be the basis for neighborhood lists that would be handed over to the Nazis by Koretz.
He would receive letters of reassurance from General Metaxas that the Jewish people would continue to be welcomed in Greece during the 1930s and would successfully petition funding for two new Jewish schools in Salonika. In March of 1937, Koretz was able to negotiate an additional 500,000 drachmas for the local Jewish schools, however in June the community adopted measures to dismiss educators due to the threat of bankruptcy.
Despite the personal criticisms and ongoing financial struggles of the community, he was chosen to continue serving as the Chief Rabbi in 1938 at the directive of General Metaxas.
World War II
World War II saw Greece thrust into the conflict as they were invaded in 1940. During this period Koretz would write an appeal to the American Jewish Congress, relating to the international community and protesting how the Axis forces bombed civilian targets, such as the local Hagia Sophia Cathedral, in air raids, as well as heavily affecting the poor Jews of the city. During the war he would also be called on by the Archbishop of Athens to assist in the memorial service for several Jewish military men who were killed during the conflict, notably among them being Col. Mordechai Frizis. Koretz would be honored as the first Jewish member of the Parnassos Literary Society following the memorial service.
After Greece was conquered, Koretz was to be charged by the Nazis for anti-German propaganda. He was arrested in Athens on April 15, 1941 and deported to Vienna where he was held in a gestapo prison for nine months. He was released the following January and would return to Salonika, where he continued to serve as Chief Rabbi of the community before being imprisoned again for coming into conflict with, then Judenrat president, Shabbetai Saltiel, despite the president previously approving him to continue serving the community.
Koretz would be released in 1942 at the insistence of local industrialists to take part in the negotiations to replace Jewish slave laborers with paid Greek workers. He was able to negotiate a deal where the Jews would be released from the camps in exchange for over 2 billion drachmas in ransom, an amount the Nazis considered the Jews liable for due to their participation in the Greco-Italian War. By liquidating the community's property, the cemetery in particular, they were able to successfully raise funds and free Jews who had been taken to do labor. That being said, because the Nazis had raised the demanded value and wealthier members of the community refused to provide the money the full demands were not met.
Koretz would use this new freedom to guide the community once more, issuing halachic guidance on how they might celebrate Passover, in the April of 1942, despite the ongoing famine the community was facing.
On December 11, 1942 Koretz was named Judenrat president, replacing Saltiel, he was the only remaining Jewish community leader who spoke German beside the former President, and would negotiate with the SS officers Dieter Wisliceny and Alois Brunner over how the deportations of Jewish people were to be done. He would also act against members of the Greek resistance, threatening to expose members who attempted to recruit young Jews.
In the face of growing pressure from the Nazis, Koretz met with Prime Minister Rallis when the Greek official visited the city on April 11, 1943. Minister Rallis remained evasive on the issue of deportations despite the rabbi breaking down in tears before him and asking him to intervene on the Jewish citizens' behalf. Rallis would claim that the deportations were out of his control.
In August of 1943, Koretz, the other members of the Judenrat, and the Jewish police were deported to Bergen-Belsen.
Koretz would be liberated from the Nazis by the Red Army when the soviets captured a train that was stranded in Tröbitz while transporting Jews from Bergen-Belsen to Theresienstadt, this train would become known as The Lost Transport. He would die later, in June, from typhus, which he had contracted in the concentration camp, in Trebitz. He was buried in the Tröbitz cemetery alongside other victims of The Lost Transport. He would be survived by his wife and son, Arieh.
Legacy
Koretz's role in the deportation and death of Salonika's Jewish community has been one of contentious debate. At least 94% of Salonika's Jewish population died during the Holocaust, a figure that many have claimed was caused by the rabbi's actions during the deportations. These accusations would be primarily driven by survivors who accused him of being a collaborator due to his pushing the community to comply with the Nazi occupiers.
Some scholars have labeled Koretz as a collaborator and persecutor for having helped facilitate the deportations, handing over lists of Jews, and working to get the community to comply with the deportations. He would also tell the community that the deportations only meant that they would be relocating to Poland, where the Jews would be settled with a new life and work. Others however have labeled him an unintentional collaborator; labeling the outcome a tragedy of weak leadership.
References
1884 births
1945 deaths
People from Rzeszów
Polish Ashkenazi Jews
Chief rabbis of cities
The Holocaust in Thessaloniki
Bergen-Belsen concentration camp survivors
Deaths from typhus
Polish Jews who died in the Holocaust
Wellcome Book Prize (2009–2019 — paused) is an annual British literary award sponsored by Wellcome Trust. In keeping with the vision and goals of Wellcome Trust, the Book Prize "celebrates the topics of health and medicine in literature", including fiction and non-fiction. The winner receives £30,000 making it "one of the most remunerative literature awards on offer."
The current prize for medicine in literature was inaugurated in 2009, but there was an older award with the same name. In 1998, Wellcome Trust began offering a prize that would enable a practicing life scientist to take time off and write a science book for the general reader. Applicants would submit a book outline and sample chapter, winners would then be obligated to write and publish the book. It appears the only winner was Michael J. Morgan for The Space Between Our Ears: How the Brain Represents Visual Space (2001), before the prize (for science writing) was discontinued.
From 2009 to 2012 it was called the Wellcome Trust Book Prize. In 2013 there was no award however there were changes to the prize including an increase in prize money from £25,000 to £30,000. The timetable of key dates is longlist in February, shortlist in March and winner in May.
In 2019, the prize announced that it had "decided to take a pause and reflect".
Winners and shortlisted nominees
References
External links
Wellcome Book Prize, official website.
Awards established in 2009
2009 establishments in the United Kingdom
British non-fiction literary awards
British fiction awards
Wellcome Trust
Bridget Jones's Baby: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official soundtrack to the 2016 British romantic comedy film, directed by Sharon Maguire. It was released on 16 September 2016 by Universal Music Group.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
2016 soundtrack albums
Albums produced by Ilya Salmanzadeh
Bridget Jones
Comedy film soundtracks
Romance film soundtracks
Picrorhiza kurroa is one of the major income generating non-timber forest products found in the Nepalese Himalayas. It is one of the oldest medicinal plants traded from the Karnali zone. Known as kutki or कुटकी in Nepali, it is a perennial herb and is used as a substitute for Indian gentian (Gentiana kurroo).
Habitat
It is found in the Himalayan region from Kashmir to Sikkim at an elevation of 2700–4500 m and in Nepal, found abundantly between 3500 and 4800 m. It is found far away from the community and takes from hours to days to walk to its growing habitat. It has been reported that Picrorhiza has been harvested to near extinction.
Description
Leaves: 5–15 cm long leaves, almost all at the base, often withered. Leaves are coarsely toothed, narrowed to a winged stalk.
Rhizomes of the plant are 15–25 cm long and woody.
Flowers: small, pale or purplish blue, borne in cylindric spikes, spikes borne on almost leafless erect stems. Flowers about 8 mm, 5-lobed to the middle, and with much longer stamens.
Fruits: 1.3 cm long.
Chemistry: Chemical composition of Picrorhiza kurroa include Kutkin, a bitter glycoside which contains two C-9 iridoid glycosides, Picroside I and Kutakoside.
Conservation
In 1997, kutki was listed in appendix II of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES). This listing resulted ultimately from a request by the Indian government. Overharvesting of the wild species for use as medicine was cited as the main reason for the listing. The species not widely cultivated, though this has been discussed as a potential way to preserve wild stands, especially since the Dunagiri Foundation Trust has created, implemented, and successfully employed protocols to generate export-quality organic ethical 'Dunagiri Certified' Kutki since 2014. The International Union for Conservation of Nature Red List did not have a listing for this species as of 2014. Picrorhiza scrophulariiflora appears to be used heavily as a substitute for P. kurroa and is considered non-threatened by CITES.
Usage
The rhizome has a long history of use in Indian Ayurvedic medicine for the treatment of digestive problems. Other uses have been proposed (e.g. for asthma, liver damage, wound healing, vitiligo), but the medical evidence is not yet conclusive. It appears to be relatively safe based on its long history of traditional use. Kutki has hepato-protective properties and thus supports the liver and spleen. It is used in all forms of liver damage, cirrhosis, and inflammation of the liver. It protects the liver against damage from the hepatitis C virus.
References
Flora of Nepal
Plantaginaceae
Arabinosyl nucleosides are derivatives of the nucleosides. They contain – in contrast to most nucleosides – instead of the β-D-Ribofuranose the β-D-Arabinofuranose. They are mostly used as cytostatics or virostatics.
Examples
Literature
W. E. Müller: "Rational design of arabinosyl nucleosides as antitumor and antiviral agents", Jpn J Antibiot. 1977 Dec;30 Suppl:104–120; .
Lichtenfelder's gecko (Goniurosaurus lichtenfelderi ) is a species of lizard in the family Eublepharidae. The species is endemic to southeastern Asia.
Geographic range
G. lichtenfelderi is found in southern China (including Hainan) and Vietnam. However, IUCN considers Chinese populations as belonging to other species.
Etymology
The specific name, lichtenfelderi, is in honor of engineer Charles Lichtenfelder, who collected the type specimen.
Description
Goniurosaurus lichtenfelderi is basically purple in colour. It is crossbanded by five thick yellow stripes, which are edged on either side by black bands of equal width. This pattern is the same along its tail, with the yellow changing to white in the central bands. The top of the head of this gecko is brown. The body shape of this species is very similar to that of the leopard gecko, Eublepharis macularius.
References
Further reading
Börner, Achim Rüdiger (1981). "The genera of Asian eublepharine geckos and a hypothesis on their phylogeny". Misc. Art. Saurol. [privately printed, Cologne] 9 (1): 1–14. (Goniurosaurus lichtenfelderi, new combination).
Grismer, L. Lee (1987). "Evidence for the resurrection of Goniurosaurus Barbour (Reptilia: Eublepharidae) with a discussion on geographic variation in Goniurosaurus lichtenfelderi ". Acta Herpetologica Sinica 6 (1): 43–47.
Grismer, L. Lee; Shi Haitao; Nicolai L. Orlov; Natalia B. Ananjeva (2002). "A new species of Goniurosaurus (Squamata: Eublepharidae) from Hainan Island, China". Journal of Herpetology 36 (2): 217–224.
Grismer LL (2000). "Goniurosaurus murphyi ORLOV & DAREVSKY: a junior synonym of Goniurosaurus lichtenfelderi Mocquard". Journal of Herpetology 34 (3): 486–488.
Mocquard, François (1897). "Notes herpétologiques ". Bull. Mus. Hist. Nat., Paris [ser. 1], 3 (6): 211–217. (Eublepharis lichtenfelderi, new species, pp. 213–214). (in French).
Orlov, Nikolai; Ilya S. Darevsky (1999). "Description of a new mainland species of Goniurosaurus genus, from the north-eastern Vietnam". Russ. J. Herpetol. 6 (1): 72–78. (Goniurosaurus murphyi, new species).
Seufer H, Kaverkin Y, Kirschner A (editors) (2005). Die Lidgeckos. Kirschner und Seufer Verlag. 238 pp. (in German).
Smith MA (1935). The Fauna of British India, including Ceylon and Burma. Reptilia and Amphibia. Vol. II.—Sauria. London: Secretary of State for India in Council. (Taylor and Francis, printers). xiii + 440 pp. + Plate I + 2 maps. (Eublepharis lichtenfelderi, p. 129).
Zhao E, Adler K (1993). The Herpetology of China. Oxford, Ohio: Society for the Study of Amphibians and Reptiles (SSAR). 522 pp.
Goniurosaurus
Reptiles of China
Reptiles of Vietnam
Reptiles described in 1897
Taxa named by François Mocquard
Paviors Rugby Club is an English rugby union club based in Arnold, Nottinghamshire. The first XV team currently plays in Midlands Premier, having reached the national levels of the sport for the first time in 2019 following their victory in the 2018–19 promotion play-off match against the runner-up of Midlands 1 West.
Honours
Midlands 3 East (North) champions: 2004–05
Midlands 1 (east v west) play-off winners: 2018–19
References
External links
Official club website
English rugby union teams
Rugby union in Nottinghamshire
Sports clubs in England
The Citizen Rally () is a political party in the Republic of the Congo. The party was founded in March 1998 and its President is Claude Alphonse Nsilou, who has served in the government since 2002.
In the parliamentary election held on June 24 and August 5, 2007, the party won one out of 137 seats. Nsilou, who won in the second constituency of Bacongo (part of Brazzaville), was the only member of the RC to win a seat.
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Political parties established in 1998
1998 establishments in the Republic of the Congo
Alessandro Bastrini (born 3 April 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender.
Club career
Sampdoria
Bastrini joined Sampdoria on loan from Como in January 2006, and made his Serie A debut against A.S. Livorno Calcio on 7 May 2006. He was successively sent out on loan to Serie B side Modena in January 2008. In July 2008 he accepted a loan move to Sassuolo, another Serie B team.
In August 2009, he was loaned to Salernitana.
Vicenza
On 9 August 2010 Bastrini was sold to Vicenza Calcio in a co-ownership deal. In June 2011 the deal was renewed. In June 2012 Bastrini and Mattia Mustacchio joined Vicenza outright.
Novara
On 20 August 2012 Bastrini joined Novara Calcio, with Achille Coser moved to opposite direction. Bastrini signed a 4-year contract. On 1 February 2014, Bastrini joined Serie A side Cagliari on loan for the remainder of 2013–14 season. On 17 July 2014 Bastrini was signed by Ternana in a temporary deal, with an option to buy.
Catania
On 28 August 2015 Bastrini was signed by Calcio Catania in a temporary deal, with an obligation to sign outright at the end of season. He signed a 1+2-year contract.
Cremonese
On 18 January 2017 Bastrini was signed by Cremonese.
Monopoli
On 31 January 2019, he signed with Monopoli.
Lecco
On 20 September 2019 he joined Lecco.
Return to Monopoli
On 29 September 2020, he returned to Monopoli on a one-year contract. He was released from his contract on 1 February 2021.
International career
On 5 October 2007 was called up for the first time by Pierluigi Casiraghi for the Italy U-21's in the matches against Croatia and Greece in the qualification for the European Championships in Sweden, however Bastrini was unused in both matches.
References
External links
1987 births
People from Domodossola
Footballers from Piedmont
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
Como 1907 players
U.C. Sampdoria players
Modena F.C. players
U.S. Sassuolo Calcio players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
L.R. Vicenza players
Novara F.C. players
Cagliari Calcio players
Ternana Calcio players
Catania S.S.D. players
U.S. Cremonese players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
S.S. Monopoli 1966 players
Calcio Lecco 1912 players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Sportspeople from the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
Statfold is a former village in Staffordshire, England, about north-east of Tamworth. Population details as taken at the 2011 census can be found under Clifton Campville. These days little remains of the village itself, but the Norman parish church, and the Tudor manor house of Statfold Hall still exist, as do a few scattered farms and houses.
The Statfold Barn Railway is on the other side of the Ashby Road, in the borough of Tamworth.
History
The name is believed to come from the Old English stōd fald with the meaning stud fold. Older documents often use the form Stotfold. The name is not mentioned in Domesday, but does occur in 12th century records of Lichfield Cathedral. It is also possible that Statfold was one of the unnamed estates belonging to the 5 canons of Lichfield that are mentioned in Domesday. The equine tradition continues at Statfold Farm to this day.
The history of the ecclesiastical parish is traceable back to the 12th century, when "Stotfold" was named as one of the dozen or so prebends of the parochia of Lichfield Cathedral. By the 14th century it had become a prebendary parish, one of the 5 core prebends of Lichfield, supporting the 3 city churches. Already by 1241 the prebendary of Stotfold had been one of the 5 who provided special duties at the high altar of Lichfield Cathedral. The earliest known prebendary was John de Berewyk, who died in 1312. The title of Prebendary of Stotfold continued after the Reformation, with the last, Samuel Smallbrook, dying in 1803, after which the Statfold tithes were collected directly by the Dean and Chapter of Lichfield Cathedral. The parish of All Saints became part of the parish of St Andrew Clifton Campville in the 18th century.
For local government purposes Statfold became part of Tamworth Poor Law Union in 1836. In 1894 it became a civil parish within the newly constituted Tamworth Rural District. This lasted until 1934, when Statfold civil parish was incorporated into Thorpe Constantine, and became part of Lichfield Rural District.
These days no obvious signs of the village centre exist, but it has been suggested that it lay just north of the chapel, and that it was deserted as a result of enclosure in the early Tudor Period. By 1851 there were only 45 residents of the parish, living in the Hall or in one of 5 other houses. In 1870 the population was listed as 26, occupying .
Landmarks
Statfold Hall
The manor house of Statfold Hall is a brick building dating from 1571, and is Grade II listed. The manor has been in the hands of the Wolferstan family since 1590, following the marriage of Humphrey Wolferstan to Katherine, the heiress of the Stanley family, in 1565.
The main fabric of the building dates to around 1700.
Chapel of All Saints
The mediaeval Chapel of All Saints is Grade II* listed, and stands in the grounds of the Hall. For many years it was used as a mortuary chapel for the Wolferstan family.
Described in 1851 as "neglected", and the parish too small to support a minister, the chapel was restored for use as a parish church in 1906. These days it is described as "a private chapel and not open to the public".
The building is a simple one-roomed construction, with pitched roof and gable ends. The church possesses features of Norman architecture, including typical rounded archways. The oldest parts are the west doorway and the font, both dating back to the 12th century. Other parts have been altered at various times through the centuries, especially in the early 14th century. Some parts may possibly be of Anglo-Saxon date.
Outside the chapel stands the also listed Wolferstan Memorial.
See also
Listed buildings in Thorpe Constantine
References
External links
Staffordshire Past Track: Old images of Statfold
Lichfield District
Deserted medieval villages in Staffordshire
Country houses in Staffordshire
San Jose Secondary Educational Center, Málaga, Spain, was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1906. It offers education for infant through baccalaureate and initial professional qualification with various training cycles in both middle and high school.
History
In 1995 the school was renamed San José Secondary Education Center with definitive approval to impart Compulsory Secondary Education and the Baccalaureate. In 1997 final authorization was given to impart Middle and Higher Education Training Cycles. In 1998 the Center became a part of the Loyola Andalusia and Canary Islands Foundation.
In 2011 the City of Málaga awarded its Gold Medal to the center and posthumously the title Adoptive Son of the city to Padre Mondéjar. Infant education from age three was instituted in 2014.
See also
List of Jesuit sites
References
Jesuit secondary schools in Spain
Catholic schools in Spain
Educational institutions established in 1906
1906 establishments in Spain
Stephen Isaiah Vladeck (born September 26, 1979) is the Charles Alan Wright Chair in Federal Courts at the University of Texas School of Law, where he specializes in national security law, especially with relation to the prosecution of war crimes. Vladeck has commented on the legality of the United States' use of extrajudicial detention and torture, and is a regular contributor to CNN.
Early life and education
Vladeck, the son of Fredda Wellin Vladeck and Bruce C. Vladeck (administrator of the Health Care Financing Administration from 1993 to 1997, now the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services), was born and raised in New York City before moving to Silver Spring, Maryland with his family when his father became administrator of the Health Care Financing Administration in 1993. He is the grandson of Judith Vladeck, a labor lawyer who won major sex and age discrimination cases. He is the nephew of Georgetown University Law Center professor, and former director of the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal Trade Commission David Vladeck.
Vladeck was a two-sport athlete at Montgomery Blair High School, and he was active in the athletics department at Amherst College, where he graduated summa cum laude with a double major in mathematics and history. His J.D. degree is from Yale Law School, where he was the executive director of the Yale Law Journal and was the student director of the balancing civil liberties & national security post-9/11 litigation project. He was also awarded the Potter Stewart prize and Harlan Fiske Stone prize.
Career
Vladeck clerked for Marsha Berzon and Rosemary Barkett — judges on the 9th and 11th Circuit Court of Appeals. He worked on the legal team managed by Neal K. Katyal that successfully challenged the constitutionality of George W. Bush's Guantanamo Military Commissions. In 2005 Vladeck joined the law faculty at the University of Miami School of Law in Coral Gables, Florida. In 2007 he joined the faculty at the Washington College of Law at American University. In 2016 he joined the faculty at the University of Texas School of Law. Vladeck is a founding member of Lawfare; an executive editor, prior co-editor-in-chief and contributor at Just Security; and a contributor at PrawfsBlawg.
Personal life
Vladeck married Karen Shafrir in 2011.
Media
Vladeck co-hosts the National Security Law Podcast with fellow University of Texas law professor Robert Chesney. In 2020, Vladeck began hosting a second podcast, In Loco Parent(i)s with his wife, Karen Shafrir-Vladeck. The podcast is “about parenting and lawyering, in that order.”
Selected publications
Scholarship
Coauthor with Stephen Dycus, Arthur L. Berney, William C. Banks, & Peter Raven-Hansen National Security Law, 6th ed.
Coauthor with Stephen Dycus, William C. Banks, & Peter Raven-Hansen Counterterrorism Law, 3rd ed. 2016
Opinion pieces
References
External links
Profile at University of Texas School of Law
National Security Law Podcast
1970s births
American lawyers
American legal scholars
Amherst College alumni
Living people
University of Texas School of Law faculty
Yale Law School alumni
The Mayotte women's national football team represents the French overseas department and region of Mayotte in international football.
Mayotte is a member of neither FIFA nor CAF, so it is not eligible to enter the World Cup or the African Cup of Nations.
Mayotte Football Achievements
Indian Ocean Island Games
Fixtures and results
Head-to-Head Records against other countries
Honours
This is a list of honours for the senior Mayotte national team
Indian Ocean Island Games
Bronze Medal : 2015
External links
Official website
W
Football in Mayotte
African national association football teams
National football teams of Overseas France
The Shinn Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Ohio. Located in the countryside northeast of Bartlett in Washington County, this single-span truss bridge was built in 1886 by local carpenter Charles T. Shinn. Built of weatherboarded walls with stone abutments and a metal roof, the bridge features vertical siding, and its portals have remained vertical and resisted creeping into another shape. The heart of the bridge's structure employs the Burr Truss design, which mixes the king post truss with a wooden arch designed by Andrea Palladio in the sixteenth century. Shinn built his bridge to span the western branch of Wolf Creek in Palmer Township. Measuring in length, the bridge was constructed soon after the drowning of one of Shinn's children.
In 1976, the Shinn Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It qualified for inclusion on the Register because of its important historic architecture and its place in the history of Ohio, for it is one of the last few examples of Burr king post arch truss bridges still standing in the state.
References
External links
Bridges completed in 1886
Covered bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Bridges in Washington County, Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County, Ohio
Tourist attractions in Washington County, Ohio
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Wooden bridges in Ohio
Burr Truss bridges in the United States
Rumesh Buddika Muthukumarana (born 14 November 1990) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and right-arm off-break bowler who currently plays for Chilaw Marians Cricket Club. He was born in Matara District and had his education at Mahinda College, Galle, where he started his cricket career.
Cricket career
He represented Sri Lanka in the 2010 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup, which was held in New Zealand.
Buddika, who played in the 2008 Under-23 tournament for Chilaw Marians, joined Ragama Cricket Club in 2009, with whom he reached the semi-finals of the same competition with their representative Under-23 team. Buddika made his List A debut in the Premier Limited Overs Tournament in 2009-10, against Colts. He later represented Tamil Union cricket club for few seasons, before moving to Galle Cricket Club in 2015/ 2016 season.
Rumesh has scored over 6000 first class runs including 16 hundreds. His career best performance is 239 not out for Tamil Union against Moors in 2014. He currently averages over 40 in first class cricket and is one of the most consistent performers in Sri Lankan club cricket. Rumesh Buddika also holds the Galle Cricket Club's record for the highest individual score by a batsman in first class cricket.
In March 2018, he was named in Galle's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament.
He was the leading run-scorer for Burgher Recreation Club in the 2018–19 Premier League Tournament, with 781 runs in nine matches. He is also a former captain of the Sri Lankan Development Emerging Team.
Records and trivia
In an Under 19 one day cricket match held between Sri Lanka and South Africa at Wanderers Stadium, Johannesburg in 2009, Rumesh Buddika outscored the entire opposition in their home conditions by 4 runs. He scored 139 runs in that game while the entire South African team managed to score only 135 runs.
References
External links
Rumesh Buddika at Cricket Archive
1990 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Alumni of Mahinda College
Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club cricketers
Ragama Cricket Club cricketers
Wayamba cricketers
Sri Lanka Cricket Combined XI cricketers
Basnahira cricketers
Kurunegala Warriors cricketers
Graduation is the twelfth studio album by Japanese Pop band Deen. It was released on 15 June 2011 under music label Ariola Japan.
Background
The album consists of only one previously released single, Brand New Wing.
Nine out of eleven tracks have title tracks borrowed from the chronological release order of studio albums.
Leader Kouji Yamane's original song Shanghai Rock Star had received continuation (Episode 2) for the first time since the album Deen Next Stage.
This album was released in two formats: regular CD edition and limited A/B CD+DVD edition. The limited edition A includes compilation CD of ballads under the title Ballads in Blue II〜The the greatest hits of DEEN〜. The limited edition B includes DVD of footage from their live performance Deen Live Joy Break-15 ~History~.
Charting performance
The album reached #19 in its first week and charted for 2 weeks, selling 6,000+ copies.
Track listing
In media
Brand New Wing - theme song for the Nihon TV music program Happy Music
References
Sony Music albums
Japanese-language albums
2011 albums
Deen (band) albums
Aman Mikael Andom (; ; 21 June 1924 – 23 November 1974) was an Eritrean general and the first post-imperial acting head of state of Ethiopia. He was appointed to this position following the coup d'état that ousted Emperor Haile Selassie on 12 September 1974, and served until his death in a shootout with his former supporters.
Early life
Aman Mikael Andom was born in the village of Tsazega, Italian Eritrea. He had four other siblings. Aman was a Lutheran.
Military career
Educated in Sudan, Aman returned to Ethiopia with the British forces who defeated the Italians and restored Emperor Haile Selassie to the throne. He proceeded to distinguish himself in a brilliant military career, commanding Ethiopian contingents in Korea and the Congo. In 1962 he was promoted to major general. During the 1964 Ethiopian–Somali Border War he was given the nickname the "Desert Lion" after defeating Somali forces in the Ogaden
Head of State
Aman's official title was Chairman of the Provisional Military Administrative Council (better known as Derg), and he held the position of Head of State in an acting capacity as the military regime had officially proclaimed Crown Prince Asfaw Wossen as "King-designate" (an act that would later be rescinded by the Derg, and which was never accepted by the Prince as legitimate).
There is some evidence that indicates he had contacts with the officers of the junta as early as February and March 1974, but by July he was appointed chief of staff to the military junta. On September 15, three days after the junta removed the Emperor Haile Selassie from his palace to imprisonment at the headquarters of the Fourth Division, this group appointed Aman their chairman and head of state of Ethiopia. At the same time, this group of soldiers assumed the name "Provisional Military Administrative Council" (Derg).
From the first day of his of him becoming chairman, the Ottaways note, "the general found himself at odds with a majority of the Derg's members over most major issues, including whether he was chairman of the ruling military body or simply its spokesman. Aman fought the majority of the Derg over three central issues: the size of Derg, which he felt was too large and unwieldy; the policy to be taken towards the Eritrean Liberation Front (ELF); and over the punishment of the numerous aristocrats and former government officials in Derg's custody. His refusal to sanction the execution of former high officials, including two former prime ministers and several royal family members and relatives, put his relations with the majority of Derg on an especially bitter footing.
As an Eritrean, General Aman found himself fiercely at odds with the majority of the Derg. He wanted to negotiate a peaceful settlement; his opponents hoped to crush the ELF by military force. Aman went as far as making two personal visits to Eritrea—the first 25 August to 6 September 1974, the second in November 1974—giving speeches stating that the end of the Imperial regime was also the end of old practices towards Eritrea, that a government dedicated to national unity and progress would restore peace and prosperity to Eritrea, and lastly that he would begin investigations concerning crimes that the army had perpetrated on Eritreans and punish the guilty.
However, at the same time the Derg had begun the task of eliminating opponents within the military. The three significant units were the Imperial Bodyguard, the Air Force and the Corps of Engineers; of the three, the most recalcitrant were the Engineers. So on 7 October 1974 soldiers loyal to the Derg stormed the engineers' camp, killing five, wounding several and detaining the rest. As Bahru Zewde observation he said that, "With that, the illusion that the revolution would remain bloodless was exploded."
General Aman responded with a personal campaign to seek support outside the Derg, among the rest of the army and the country where he was popular. On 15 November 1974, he sent a message to all military units that was highly critical of the Derg. During a general assembly of the Derg two days later, Mengistu Haile Mariam demanded that 5,000 men be dispatched to Eritrea and six imprisoned Imperial officials be executed; Aman refused, resigned his official posts and retired to his house where he secretly sent appeals to his supporters, especially those in the Third Division. But Mengistu managed to intercept these appeals.
Death
On 23 November 1974, Aman died in a battle in his home with several troops sent there to arrest him. That same night, the political prisoners that the Derg had marked for execution were taken from Menelik prison, where they had been held, and shifted to the Akaki Central Prison to be executed instead and buried in a mass grave. "It appears that the general had outlived his usefulness," Bahru Zewde concludes, and was in fact becoming an obstacle to the Derg's exercise of power.
Notes
1924 births
1974 murders in Ethiopia
1974 deaths
20th-century Ethiopian politicians
Deaths by firearm in Ethiopia
Leaders who took power by coup
Presidents of Ethiopia
Defence ministers of Ethiopia
Unsolved deaths
Robert Braithwaite (12 May 1943 – 7 March 2019) was a British entrepreneur, marine engineer and Founder and President of the luxury powerboat manufacturer, alongside John Macklin, Sunseeker.
Biography
Born in Otley Moor, Yorkshire, Braithwaite left school at 15 with no qualifications and moved to the Hampshire coast where his parents became proprietors of a village store near Christchurch. Following his dream to build boats he spent a few years servicing outboard engines and did an engineering course before completing a six-month apprenticeship at marine engine suppliers OMC in Belgium.
Originally importers and distributors of boats from Scandinavia and the United States, Poole Powerboats, as Sunseeker was formerly known, created the foundations for its future luxury powerboats. Braithwaite and Macklin borrowed £5,000 to build their first boat – a 17 footer and then following collaboration with hull race-boat designer Don Shead, Sunseeker quickly expanded into the growing Mediterranean market. Braithwaite grew Sunseeker by continuing to expand its shipyards in Poole and create a widening global distributor network.
In 1992 he was awarded an MBE for his services to the marine industry.
In 2002, Braithwaite was awarded Ernst & Young UK Entrepreneur of the Year and he was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the Queen's Birthday Honors in 2007.
After Sunseeker appeared in four consecutive James Bond films, Braithwaite was asked to appear in a cameo role in the film Quantum of Solace. The scene with Robert Braithwaite was filmed on location in Italy in April 2008, and features James Bond in a Sunseeker Sovereign 17, one of the company's very first open cockpit speedboats.
In June 2013, it was announced that the Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group had agreed to buy a 91.8% stake in Sunseeker for £320m. Robert Braithwaite continued as president whilst supporting and growing his personal charitable foundation The Autumn Trust.
Personal life
Braithwaite lived in Devon and Poole , was married, had two daughters and four grandchildren
Death and legacy
Braithwaite died of complications arising from Alzheimer's disease in the early hours of 7 March 2019, aged 75.
References
1943 births
2019 deaths
Engineers from Yorkshire
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Deputy Lieutenants of Dorset
British marine engineers
20th-century English businesspeople
Joseph Robert Love, known as Dr. Robert Love (2 October 1839 – 21 November 1914), was a 19th-century Bahamian-born medical doctor, clergyman, teacher, journalist, politician and pan-Africanist. He lived, studied, and worked successively in the Bahamas, the United States of America, Haiti, and Jamaica. Love spent the last decades of his life in Jamaica, where he held political office, published a newspaper, and advocated for the island's black majority.
Early life
Love was born in the Bahamas on 2 October 1839. He got primary education and was influence by the Anglican Church during this period. Later he became a teacher in the Bahamas.
In the late 1860s, He went to the United States. In June 1871, he became clergy in Trinity Church, New York and transferred to the Church of St. Stephen, Savannah in December. In 1872, claiming about the discrimination to people of darker color there, he left Church of St. Stephen, Savannah and established St. Augustine's mission that mainly consist of black people; during this period he also managed schools for black children. In 1876 he left the mission and left for Buffalo.
In Buffalo, he was Rector of St. Philip's until 1878. From 1877 he started to study at the University of Buffalo and in 1880 he obtained a medical degree.
Haiti
In 1881, Love moved to Haiti, where he served as the rector of an Anglican church in Port-au-Prince. He was forced to end his career in church due to a quarrel, and he became a doctor in the Haitian army that engaged with the revolt in Haiti. During his time in Haiti he experienced grave difficulty in politics. In 1889, he was eventually expelled. He went to Kingston, Jamaica and failed in his attempts to return to Haiti.
Jamaica
In Jamaica, he started the Jamaica Advocate newspaper in December 1894, which became an influential newspaper on the island. Love used the paper as a forum to express his concern for the living conditions of Jamaica's black population. He was a staunch advocate of access to education for the majority of the population. He believed that girls, like boys, should receive secondary school education.
Love piloted a voter registration drive, as a means of empowering the black majority, and challenging white minority rule. The white elite in the Colony of Jamaica worried that Love was filling the heads of black people with dangerous ideas of racial equality. John Vassall Calder claimed that black people lacked the mental capacities to thrive, and stated: “Dr. Love must remember that his ancestors were my ancestors' slaves....He could never be my equal. He is aggrieved because my forefathers rescued him from the bonds of thraldom and deprived him the privilege of being King of the Congo, enjoying the epicurean and conjugal orgies and the sacrificial pleasures of his ancestral home in Africa.”
The white establishment viewed Love with as much suspicion as they did the pan-African Native Baptist preacher, Alexander Bedward. However, Love always thought Bedward to be nothing more than a skilled showman whom a hysterical establishment had managed to turn into a martyr.
Love helped black candidates to get elected to the Council, which advised the government. In 1906, Love himself won the Saint Andrew Parish seat of the Legislative Council in general elections. He also served as chairman of the Saint Andrew Parochial Board, as well as a justice of the peace in Kingston, the Kingston General Commissions and as a trustee of Wolmer's schools. Love published two works, Romanism is Not Christianity (1892), and St. Peter's True Position in the Church, Clearly Traced in the Bible (1897).
Death and legacy
Love's health began to deteriorate, and by 1910 he had been forced to end his political career. He died on 21 November 1914, and was buried in the parish churchyard at Half Way Tree, near the city of Kingston. Love's activism in favour of Jamaica's economically depressed black majority influenced later Jamaican and Caribbean activists, including Marcus Garvey.
References
External links
"Love, Robert", Biographies of Jamaican Personalities. National Library of Jamaica.
1839 births
1914 deaths
Members of the House of Representatives of Jamaica
Bahamian emigrants to Jamaica
Bahamian pan-Africanists
African and Black nationalists
African diaspora literature
University at Buffalo alumni
Bahamian journalists
Bahamian politicians
Bahamian expatriates in the United States
Bahamian emigrants to Haiti
American physicians
19th-century Jamaican physicians
Jamaican justices of the peace
Xenocracy is a space simulator developed by Simis Limited and published by Grolier Interactive in 1998. Xenocracy is a cross between a space combat action sim and a political strategy game.
Story
The year is 10 600 of the Common Era. Mankind has colonised space, founding a Solar dominion on the power and wealth created by the mineral lycosite. Four great planetary superpowers - Earth, Mars, Venus and Mercury - wage a covert war for the outer colonies and their rich reserves of lycosite. Only the peacekeepers of the United Planet Nations can prevent these skirmishes and raids from erupting into all-out Solar War. You are the WingToucher commanding the elite U.P.N.
Gameplay
In the far future, four planetary superpowers (the Earth Dominion, the Mercury League, the Venus Alliance and the Mars Combine) are vying for control of the solar system and on the brink of all-out "thermostellar war". As commander of the United Planet Nations peacekeeping fighter squadron, your role is to maintain the balance and prevent cold war and localized conflicts from escalating into open interplanetary hostilities. Further complicating the matter, you must deal with pirates and a looming alien threat.
As each planetary superpower launches low-intensity strikes (as opposed to open warfare) against the colonies and outposts of the other three, you are presented with the choice, via a strategic solar system map showing flaring geopolitical hotspots, of which to aid. If you aid one superpower too much at the expense of the others, as one is first tempted to do, you upset the balance and cause the war you sought to prevent. Whichever you choose, afterward you are realistically presented with complaints and political propaganda from the other three superpowers, and receive news broadcasts concerning the interplanetary geopolitical wrangling.
In addition to keeping the peace, you also manage research and development of newer and more powerful technologies, which will eventually prove crucial. Several fighter and weapon types are available, and the scenery varies from asteroid belts and dust clouds to planetary surfaces. You may choose from several wingmen, each with a personal description and personality type, whom you must do your best to keep alive. Missions include such tasks as defending mine complexes from attack (or attacking them) and protecting convoys (or destroying them).
Multiplayer
The game allows multiplayer up to 8 players over TCP/IP or serial connections.
References
PlayStation (console) games
1998 video games
Science fiction video games
Shooter video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Windows games
The Dukes of Barcelos () was a title of nobility granted by King Sebastian of Portugal on 5 August 1562 to the heir of the Duke of Braganza. After the Braganza accession to the throne, the title continued to be the title of the heir of the Duke of Braganza, alongside the title of Prince of Beira.
This title (originally Count of Barcelos) belonged to the Braganzas since Alphonse, 8th Count of Barcelos and 1st Duke of Braganza.
The first Duke of Barcelos was John I, the eldest son of Teodósio I, 5th Duque of Braganza, who become later John I, 6th Duke of Braganza.
List of the Dukes of Barcelos
John I, 6th Duke of Braganza (1543–1583), 1st Duke of Barcelos from his birth until his father's death (1563);
Teodósio II, 7th Duke of Braganza (1568–1630), 2nd Duke of Barcelos (until 1583);
John II, 8th Duke of Braganza (1604–1656), 3rd Duke of Barcelos (until 1630). Became King of Portugal in 1640.
After the Braganzas ascended to the Portuguese throne, the title of Duke of Barcelos was among those used by the Portuguese Prince of Beira.
See also
Duke of Braganza
Count of Barcelos
List of Portuguese Dukedoms
Bibliography
"Nobreza de Portugal e Brazil" – Vol II, page 401. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.
Dukedoms of Portugal
Barcelos
1562 establishments in Portugal
Badri Maisuradze () (born on November 13, 1966) is a Georgian tenor opera singer, a leading dramatic tenor of the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, Russia.
Born in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR, he graduated from the Tbilisi State Conservatoire in 1989, after which he became a probationer at the Bolshoi Theatre. In 1990-1993, he was a soloist at Tbilisi Opera and Ballet Theatre. In 1995, he joined the Bolshoi Theatre.
From 2016 he is leading Georgian National Opera and Ballet Theatre aT Tbilisi.
In 2018 he founded first international vocal competition in Georgia - “Opera Crown”
References
External links
Badri Maisuradze's Official Website
1966 births
21st-century male opera singers from Georgia (country)
Musicians from Tbilisi
Living people
20th-century male opera singers from Georgia (country)
The House Opposite may refer to:
The House Opposite (play), a play by Perceval Landon
The House Opposite (1917 film), a silent film adaptation directed by Walter West
The House Opposite (novel), by Joseph Jefferson Farjeon
The House Opposite (1931 film), a sound film adaptation directed by Walter Summers
The House Opposite (1937 film), a French comedy film
The House Opposite, a book by G. W. Stonier
Bradford was a computer program written and sold in the 1980s by Aaron Contorer and his firm, Contorer Computing. It was one of the first programs sold using the shareware marketing model.
Available for both CP/M and MS-DOS operating systems, it greatly increased the quality of printing on a dot matrix printer and included a range of fonts.
Though popular for several years, Bradford, along with similar products, became obsolete as Windows 3.1 included much more powerful support for attractive printing.
References
External links
The open letter from Contorer describing the business model (text file)
Utilities for Windows
Matthew Beynon Rees is a Welsh novelist and journalist. He is the author of The Palestine Quartet, a series of crime novels about Omar Yussef, a Palestinian sleuth, and of historical novels and thrillers. He is the winner of a Crime Writers Association Dagger for his crime fiction in the UK and a finalist for the National Jewish Book Award for fiction in the US. His latest novel is the international thriller China Strike, the second in a series about an agent with US Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
His first book was a work of nonfiction, Cain's Field: Faith, Fratricide, and Fear in the Middle East in 2004 (Free Press), about Israeli and Palestinian societies.
The New York Times called The Collaborator of Bethlehem, the first of his Palestinian crime novels about Bethlehem sleuth Omar Yussef, "an astonishing first novel." 'Le Figaro called the book "a masterpiece." Rees's writing has been compared with the work of Graham Greene, John le Carré, Georges Simenon and Henning Mankell. The French magazine L'Express called him "the Dashiell Hammett of Palestine." Rees's books have sold in 25 languages.
Rees was born in Newport, Wales. As a journalist, Rees covered the Middle East and lived in Jerusalem for 20 years. He was TIME's Jerusalem bureau chief from 2000 until 2006, writing award-winning stories about the Palestinian intifada. He also worked as Middle East correspondent for The Scotsman and Newsweek. He is married to the American humorist and author Devorah Blachor.
Books
Rees published a nonfiction account of Israeli and Palestinian society called Cain's Field: Faith, Fratricide, and Fear in the Middle East in 2004 (Free Press). His first crime novel, The Collaborator of Bethlehem (UK title The Bethlehem Murders), was published in the US in February 2007 and is set in Bethlehem, West Bank, against the backdrop of the Palestinian intifada. It involves the gangs of gunmen operating in the town and the situation of the Christian Palestinian minority. It won the Crime Writers Association John Creasey New Blood Dagger in 2008, was also named one of the Top 10 Mysteries of the Year by Booklist, and in the UK Sir David Hare made it his Book of the Year in The Guardian. His sleuth Omar Yussef was called "Philip Marlowe fed on hummus" by one reviewer and "Yasser Arafat meets Miss Marple" by another.
The second book in the series, A Grave in Gaza, appeared in 2008 (under the title The Saladin Murders in the UK). Omar Yussef travels to Gaza, where he struggles against corrupt security chiefs who are smuggling weapons. The Bookseller called it "a cracking, atmospheric read." The third book in the series, The Samaritan's Secret, was published in 2009. Set in Nablus, it takes place against the backdrop of the city's ancient casbah and the small community of Samaritans still living on a hilltop overlooking the West Bank town. The New Republic called it "a wonderful detective thriller." Rees's fourth novel, The Fourth Assassin, appeared in 2010 and showed Omar Yussef to be "one of the most beguiling of current sleuths", according to The Sunday Times. Omar goes to New York for a UN conference and uncovers an assassination plot.
The Palestine Quartet novels approach the Middle East conflict from an often unexpected direction. There are almost no Israeli characters, and the novels maintain a focus on Palestinian society, good and bad. Rees has written that this perspective was dictated by his discontent with news reporting of the conflict, which focused on stereotypes of Palestinians as either terrorists or victims. Instead, Rees writes, the diversity of Palestinian society awakened him creatively and made him look at the Middle East from a different angle. For example, Gaza "is the most beautiful spot imaginable", he has said.
Mozart's Last Aria, published in 2011, is a historical crime novel set in Vienna in 1791. Nannerl Mozart, the great composer's sister, comes to the Imperial capital to investigate Wolfgang's death. She uncovers a plot involving illegal Masonic meetings, espionage, and a secret hidden in her brother's last great opera The Magic Flute. The book is based on real historical research into Mozart's last days. A Name in Blood follows the mysterious disappearance and death of the Italian artist Caravaggio. Like Mozart's Last Aria, A Name in Blood takes a real historical mystery and new historical research to create a fictional account of what might have happened. The Bookbag recommended A Name in Blood "even if you're art-averse." Rees learned to play piano as part of his research for Mozart's Last Aria. Working on A Name in Blood, he learned to paint with oils and to duel using a seventeenth-century rapier.
The Ambassador, published in 2015, was co-written by Rees and Yehuda Avner, a former adviser to Israeli prime ministers. The book's premise was that Israel was founded in 1938 and the main character is the new state's ambassador to Hitler's Berlin. During the writing of the book, Avner was dying of cancer. Rees has described how the experience of writing a thriller with a man suffering a terminal illness was fulfilling for him and Avner. The book was a finalist for the National Jewish Book Award for Fiction.
Publishing history
Nonfiction
Cain's Field: Faith, Fratricide, and Fear in the Middle East 2004 (Free Press).
Fiction
The Palestine Quartet (Omar Yussef novels)
The Collaborator of Bethlehem (The Bethlehem Murders) 2007
A Grave in Gaza (The Saladin Murders) 2008
The Samaritan's Secret 2009
The Fourth Assassin 2010
Historical novels
Mozart's Last Aria 2011
A Name in Blood 2012
The Ambassador 2015
ICE Thrillers
The Damascus Threat 2016
China Strike 2017
External links
Official website
Interview in Shotsmag Ezine 2011
References
People from Newport, Wales
Welsh novelists
Welsh journalists
British mystery writers
Welsh mystery writers
Living people
Time (magazine) people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Daniel James Walton (July 14, 1947 – August 9, 2017) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder. Danny attended Bishop Amat Memorial High School. He was selected in the 10th round (192nd overall) of the 1965 June MLB draft by the Houston Astros. He played for the Houston Astros (1968 and 1977), Seattle Pilots / Milwaukee Brewers (1969–71), New York Yankees (1971), Minnesota Twins (1973 and 1975), Los Angeles Dodgers (1976), Yokohama Taiyo Whales (1978), and Texas Rangers (1980). During a 9-year major league baseball career, he hit .223, with 28 home runs, and 107 runs batted in.
Walton, along with Sandy Valdespino, was traded from the Houston Astros to the Seattle Pilots for Tommy Davis on August 31, 1969. Popular with the Brewers fans who sat in the left field bleachers at Milwaukee County Stadium, Walton was dealt to the Yankees for Bobby Mitchell and Frank Tepedino on June 7, 1971. Walton was sent by the Yankees to the Minnesota Twins for Rick Dempsey on October 31, 1972.
Walton died August 9, 2017, in Morgan, Utah, aged 70.
References
External links
1947 births
2017 deaths
Baseball players from Los Angeles
Major League Baseball left fielders
Minnesota Twins players
Houston Astros players
Seattle Pilots players
Milwaukee Brewers players
Texas Rangers players
New York Yankees players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Florida Rookie League Astros players
Cocoa Astros players
Salisbury Astros players
Amarillo Sonics players
Asheville Tourists players
Dallas–Fort Worth Spurs players
Florida Instructional League Royals players
Oklahoma City 89ers players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Tacoma Twins players
Albuquerque Dukes players
Spokane Indians players
Charleston Charlies players
American expatriate baseball players in Japan
Yokohama Taiyō Whales players
Take Care of Ulla (Swedish: Ta hand om Ulla) is a 1942 Swedish drama film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Marianne Aminoff, Bengt Logardt and Åke Grönberg. The film's sets were designed by the art director Bertil Duroj.
Main cast
Marianne Aminoff as Ulla Lundin
Bengt Logardt as Gunnar Bergendahl
Åke Grönberg as Bigge Berglund
Claes Thelander as Göran Hessler
Nils Lundell as Lundgren
Vera Lindby as Sonja
Greta Liming as Gun Larsson
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1942 films
Swedish drama films
1942 drama films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
Trifonovka () is a rural locality () in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
John L. Behler (1946 – January 31, 2006) was an American naturalist, herpetologist, author, and activist known for his work in conserving endangered species of turtles, snakes, and other reptiles. He served as curator of herpetology at the Bronx Zoo, part of the Wildlife Conservation Society from 1976 to 2006. He co-chaired the IUCN Tortoise and Freshwater Turtle Specialist Group, and was a founding member of the Turtle Survival Alliance, which co-present the Behler Turtle Conservation Award with the Turtle Conservancy and Turtle Conservation Fund. The Behler Turtle Conservation Award is a major annual award to honor leadership in the field of freshwater turtle and tortoise conservation. The Turtle Conservancy named its captive breeding center, the Behler Chelonian Center, in his honor.
Behler Chelonian Center
One of John Behler's lasting legacies is the Behler Chelonian Center, which John cofounded with Eric Goode in 2004 along with Bill Holmstrom and Maurice Rodriguez. The Behler Chelonian Center is an AZA accredited 501-C3 not for profit organization originally created to act as the steward of the Wildlife Conservation Society's long term collection of over 150 critically endangered chelonians. The center is located in southern California and is operated by the Turtle Conservancy, a global turtle and tortoise conservation organization. It has become the most successful captive breeding facility for endangered turtles and tortoises managing and breeding many of the world's most threatened chelonians.
The Behler Chelonian Center was the first institution in the world to ever send captive bred turtles back to their range country for reintroduction. This is an ongoing project, with Kadoorie Farm and Botanic Garden and the Behler Chelonian Center sending the Critically Endangered golden coin turtle (Cuora trifasciata) back to Hong Kong.
Today the Turtle Conservancy and Behler Chelonian Center have ongoing conservation programs around the world, protecting the Critically Endangered ploughshare tortoise (Astrochelys yniphora) in Madagascar, as well as some of the last important habitat for the Critically Endangered geometric tortoise (Psammobates geometricus) in South Africa, with additional programs in Mexico, Southeast Asia, China, United States, South America, and the Caribbean.
Publications
National Audubon Society First Field Guide Reptiles
Scholastic
April 1, 1999
Alligators and Crocodiles (Worldlife Library)
Voyageur Press
June 13, 1998
Notes
References
Pearce, Jeremy. (February 5, 2006). "John L. Behler, 62, Dies; Influential Voice for Saving Reptiles". The New York Times.
External links
Behler collection finding aid for collection held by the Wildlife Conservation Society Archives
The World Conservation Union; Tortoise and Freshwater Turtle Specialist Group. Retrieved 2012-04-13.
Turtle Conservancy and Behler Chelonian Center. Retrieved 2012-04-13
1946 births
2006 deaths
American naturalists
American curators
Wildlife Conservation Society people
20th-century naturalists
Basaula Lemba (born 3 March 1965) is a Congolese retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Almost his entire professional career was spent in Portugal, mainly with Vitória de Guimarães.
Club career
Born in Kinshasa, Zaire, Lemba arrived in Portugal at the age of 21, signing with Vitória S.C. from AS Vita Club but having absolutely no impact in his first season – seven matches. He spent the following three campaigns also in the Primeira Liga, representing O Elvas C.A.D. and C.F. Estrela da Amadora.
Basaula – called by his first name whilst in Portugal – re-joined Vitória in 1990, becoming an important midfield element at the Minho club and sharing teams with countryman N'Dinga Mbote during his spell. In January 1995 he left for another side in the country, C.F. Os Belenenses, switching to F.C. Tirsense shortly after. After one year in the second division with Moreirense F.C. he moved to the lower leagues, representing two teams in the fourth level until his retirement at the age of 35.
International career
Lemba played for Zaire at the 1992 and 1994 editions of the Africa Cup of Nations, with both tournaments ending in quarter-final exits.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Footballers from Kinshasa
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Association football midfielders
AS Vita Club players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Vitória S.C. players
O Elvas C.A.D. players
C.F. Estrela da Amadora players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
F.C. Tirsense players
Moreirense F.C. players
União Montemor players
Democratic Republic of the Congo international footballers
1988 African Cup of Nations players
1992 African Cup of Nations players
1994 African Cup of Nations players
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
Enrico Carfagnini, O.F.M. (also known as Henry Carfagnini; 23 March 1823 – 2 December 1904) was an Italian Friar Minor and educator, who served as the Bishop of Harbour Grace, Newfoundland from 1870 to 1880. He was also Bishop of Gallipoli, Italy, from 1880 to 1898.
Cargagnini resigned his see in 1898 and was appointed the Titular archbishop of Cius.
References
1823 births
1904 deaths
People from Aversa
Italian Friars Minor
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Italian Roman Catholic missionaries
Franciscan missionaries
Roman Catholic bishops of Grand Falls
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic titular archbishops
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic titular archbishops
Newfoundland and Labrador religious figures
Newfoundland Colony people
Roman Catholic missionaries in Canada
Italian expatriates in Canada
Bob Van Der Veken (26 September 1928 – 18 February 2019) was a Belgian actor.
Early life
A familiar face on Belgian television, Van Der Veken's career began in 1956. He made well over 100 appearances. One of his most popular roles was that of Paul Thienpondt in the comedy series De Collega's. More recently, he has appeared in such popular Belgian TV series as Spoed, Alle maten, and Lili & Marleen. In 1992, he directed the television series Caravans.
Filmography
2000s
Het is ene van ons (2006) TV Episode .... Meneer Joost
.... Meneer Joost (1 episode, 2006)
Grappa (2006) TV Series .... Opa*"Wet volgens Milo, De" .... Rechter (2 episodes, 2005)
Eiland, Het .... Julien (1 episode, 2004)
Geel! (2004) TV Episode .... Julien
Pista! (2003) (TV) (as Robert van der Veken) .... Bompa
FC de kampioenen .... Paul Tienpondt (2 episodes, 1996–2002)
Spoed .... Jozef Sirou (1 episode, 2002)
Liefde & geluk .... Meneer Vervoort (1 episode, 2001)
Twee straten verder (2000) TV Series .... Man in rolstoel
1990s and earlier
Alle maten .... Aanbidder (1 episode, 1998)
- De Aanbidder (1998) TV Episode .... Aanbidder
Deman .... Jacques Demeester sr. (1 episode)
- Moord en brand (????) TV Episode .... Jacques Demeester sr.
Compromissen: De excellentie (1997) .... Bankier
Wittekerke .... Onderzoeksrechter (1 episode, 1996–2001)
- Episode #3.73 (1996) TV Episode .... Onderzoeksrechter
U beslist .... Opa (1 episode, 1996)
- Opa's centen (1996) TV Episode .... Opa
She Good Fighter (1995) .... Voorzitter van de rechtbank
Kan dat met gebakken aardappeltjes? (1993) .... Client in restaurant
NMBS promotie (1993) .... Opa op de trein
De Gouden jaren .... Albert (1 episode, 1992)
- Albert Chérie (1992) TV Episode .... Albert
Caravans (1992) TV Series .... Tilebuis
De Sikh-Story (1992) (TV) .... Politiecommissaris
De Grijze man (1991) (TV) .... Oude man
De Leraarskamer (1991) (TV) .... Vandam
De Vrek (1989) (TV) .... Maître Jacques
... a.k.a. Avare, L' (Belgium: French title)
De Kollega's maken de Brug (1988) .... Paul Tienpondt
... a.k.a. A Three-Day Weekend (Belgium: English title)
... a.k.a. Collègues font le pont, Les (Belgium: French title)
Het Ultieme kerstverhaal (1987) (TV) .... Leo Binnemans
Springen (1985) .... Timothy Tiendepenning
... a.k.a. Jumping (International: English title)
Chorus Angelorum (1985) .... Steenackers
'n Schot in de Roos (1983) .... Pantalone
Gloriant (1982) (TV) .... Oom Geeraert
De Witte (1980) .... Mon
... a.k.a. Filasse (Belgium: French title)
... a.k.a. Whitey (International: English title)
... a.k.a. Witte van Sichem, De
Tabula rasa (1979) (TV) .... Dielman Sr.
De Collega's .... Paul Thienpondt (2 episodes)
- Het feest (????) TV Episode .... Paul Thienpondt
- Met pensioen (????) TV Episode .... Paul Thienpondt
De Beverpels (1978) (TV) .... Von Werhrhahn
De Eerste nowel (1977) (TV) .... Josef
Het Mirakel van St. Antonius (1977) (TV) .... Dokter
... a.k.a. Miracle de Saint-Antoine, Le (Belgium: French title)
De Opkopers (1977) (TV) .... Reparateur
Klare taal (1977) (TV) .... W. Willems
Rubens, schilder en diplomaat (1977) .... Heer X
Tussen wal en schip (1977) TV Series .... Frans
Lieve juffrouw Rosenberg, waarde Mr. Koonig (1977) (TV) .... Mr. Koonig
... a.k.a. Dear Janet Rosenberg, Dear Mister Kooning (International: English title)
In perfecte staat (1977) (TV) .... Politiecommissaris
... a.k.a. in perfekte staat (Belgium: Flemish title)
J.F. Willems (1976) (TV) .... Lezer
De Herberg in het misverstand (1976) (TV) .... Drogist Dilissen
De Danstent (1976) (TV) .... Veldwachter
Prikkelpraatjes (1976) TV Series
Dynastie der kleine luyden (1974) (TV) .... Martijn
Rita's dagdromen (1974) (TV)
Waar de vogeltjes hoesten (1974) .... Getraumatiseerde stadsbewoner
Golden Ophelia (1974) .... Felix Bollen
De Wiskunstenaars (1973) (TV) .... Dr. Urinaal
... a.k.a. Wiskunstenaars of 't gevlugte jufferjte, De (Belgium: Flemish title)
Agamemnon (1973) (TV) .... Koorlid
Een Boerin in Frankrijk (1973) TV Series .... Franse knecht
Rip van Winckle (1973) (TV) .... Rip
Bel de 500 .... Assistant / Mr. Fleuret (2 episodes)
- Het Diner (????) TV Episode .... Mr. Fleuret
- Hoofdpijn (????) TV Episode .... Assistant
Bruiloft (1972) (TV) .... De jonge man
... a.k.a. Kleinbürgerhochzeit, Die (Belgium: German title)
Gelukkige familie (1972) (TV) .... Mark
... a.k.a. The Happy Family (International: English title)
Het Levende lijk (1972) (TV) .... Artjemjev de verklikker
Dodendans (1972) (TV) .... De Dood
De Vierde Man (1972) (mini) TV Series .... Inspekteur Keurvels
Het Souterrain (1972) (TV) .... Law
... a.k.a. The Basement (International: English title)
Tijl Uilenspiegel (1971) (TV) .... Koster
Nijd (Hoofdzonde) (1971) (TV)
Kontiki (1971) (TV)
30 zit- en 79 staanplaatsen (1971) .... Eyskens
Christoffel Marlowe (1970) (TV) .... Poley
Nand in eigen land (1970) (TV)
Over mijn lijk (1970) (TV) .... Bob
... a.k.a. Over My Dead Body (International: English title)
De Kleine hut (1969) (TV) .... Philip
... a.k.a. Petite hutte, La (Belgium: French title)
Albert de Deken (1969) (TV) .... Albert De Deken
... a.k.a. Albert Deacon's Discovery (International: English title)
... a.k.a. Late ontdekking van Albert de Deken, De (Belgium: Flemish title)
Ansfred (1969) .... Loketbediende
De Kandidaat (1969) (TV)
Princess (1969) .... President Sextra
Prinses Zonneschijn (1968) (TV) .... Skjald
Kent u de melkweg? (1968) (TV) .... Patient
... a.k.a. Kennen sie die Milchstrasse? (Belgium: German title)
Vier kromme appelbomen (1968) (TV) .... Knock
Beschuldigde sta op .... Bocarmé (1 episode, 1968)
... a.k.a. Hof van Assisen (Belgium: Flemish title: first episodes title)
- Visart de Bocarmé (1968) TV Episode .... Bocarmé
Hamlet van Stepney Green (1968) (TV) .... Mr. Green
... a.k.a. The Hamlet of Stepney Green (International: English title)
De Zoemende muzikant (1967) (TV) .... Vriend 1
De Man telt niet mee (1967) (TV) .... Eduard
... a.k.a. Mari ne compte pas, Le (Belgium: French title)
Dallas (1967) (TV) .... Journalist 2
... a.k.a. Dallas, 22 November 1963 (Belgium: Flemish title)
Twee is te weinig, drie is te veel (1966) (TV)
De 5de muur (1966) (TV) .... Rank
De Man van het lot (1966) (TV) .... Napoleon
Jeroom en Benzamien (1966) TV Series .... Jean Rosseels
Shirley Holmes (1966) TV Series
Sterf nooit voor je tijd (1965) (TV) .... Bediende
My Fair Lagardère (1965) (TV) .... Cocardasse
De Theaterdirecteur (1965) (TV) .... Chanteoiseau
Robert en Bertrand (1965) (TV) .... Pinkerton
Umataro (1965) (TV)
Luckie Henkie (1964) (TV) .... Goede 'Ik'
Cab. A. Pola (1964) (TV)
Bolero (1964) (TV) .... Gillewaere
De Tijdscapsule (1963) TV Series .... Inspecteur
Het Uur der onschuld (1963) (TV) .... Sason
De Roos en de kroon (1963) (TV) .... Harry Tully
Cupido Dictator (1963) (TV) .... Roland
Er wordt gedanst vannacht (1962) (TV)
Violet (1962) (TV) .... J. Forester
Het Wonderboompje (1962) (TV) .... Schoolmeester
De 3 klaphoeden (1962) (TV) .... Don Dionisio
1 mei ballade (1962) (TV) .... Declamator
Vijgen na Pasen (1962) (TV)
Het Liefdeselixir (1962) (TV) .... Nemorino
Carnaval Marmelade (1962) (TV)
Flikki de Clown (1962) (TV)
Bob Benny Show (1962) (TV) .... Acteur
Het Proces Anderson (1962) (TV) .... J. Davidson
Droomconcert (1961) (TV) .... Zanger
Levende folklore (1961) (TV) .... Nandje
Het Kraminkelpasteitje (1961) (TV) .... Kraminkeltje
Onder moeder's paraplu (1961) (TV) .... Fotograaf
Tijl Uilenspiegel (1961) TV Series .... Francastel
Zieke tegen wil en dank (1961) (TV) .... Harlekijn
Rodeo (1961) (TV) .... Koper
Humoresk (1961) (TV) .... Student
De Ondergang van de Eppie Reina (1961) (TV) .... Scholtens
Een Eiland in het noorden (1961) (TV) .... Jan Hendrik
Het Licht was vals (1960) (TV) .... Hugertje
Anita, My Love (1960) (TV) .... Jongen 1
Heer Halewijn (1960) (TV) .... Iwijn
Dr. Alwetend (1960) (TV) .... Piet
Hoe zotter, hoe liever (1960) .... Bruidegom
... a.k.a. Au plus fou, au mieux (Belgium: French title)
... a.k.a. The Dafter the Better (Belgium: English title)
Uit een boek ontsnapt (1959) (TV) .... TomDe Heks (1959) (TV) .... DuivelDe Schone slaapster (1957) (TV) .... Jacques D'HerraultDe Schone en de roos (1957) (TV) .... PantaloneRoofridder Kanibabilis'' (1956) (TV) .... Faktotum
References
External links
Flemish male film actors
Flemish male television actors
1928 births
2019 deaths
Mike Sheppard may refer to:
Mike Sheppard (American football), American football coach
Mike Sheppard (baseball), American college baseball coach
Mike Sheppard (rugby union), Canadian rugby union player
See also
H. Michael Shepard, American cancer researcher
This is a list of celebrities who publicly indicated support for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 United States presidential election.
Those who indicated their support after Hillary Clinton's presumptive nomination on June 11 are denoted with an asterisk.
Screen and stage performers
Sports figures and athletes
Daniel Negreanu
Media personalities and socialites
Voice artists and musicians
See also
List of Democrats who opposed the Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign
List of Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign political endorsements
List of Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign endorsements
List of Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign endorsements
List of Gary Johnson 2016 presidential campaign endorsements
List of Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign endorsements
List of Jill Stein 2016 presidential campaign endorsements
List of Republicans who opposed the Donald Trump 2016 presidential campaign
Notes
References
Endorsements, non-political
Clinton, Hillary, non-political
Clinton, Hillary, 2016, non-political
Frank Gladstone Menzies CBE (3 January 1892 – 31 August 1978) was an Australian lawyer and public servant. He served as crown solicitor of Victoria from 1926 to 1954. He was an older brother of prime minister Robert Menzies.
Early life
Menzies was born on 3 January 1892 in Ballarat, Victoria. He was the second of five children born to Kate (née Sampson) and James Menzies. He was named after British prime minister William Gladstone. His father and uncle Hugh Menzies served in state parliament while another uncle Sydney Sampson was a federal MP.
Menzies began his education at state schools in Jeparit and Ballarat, completing his secondary education at Grenville College. In 1909 he moved to Melbourne to work as a clerk at the state Department of Lands and Survey. He transferred to the Victorian Law Department in 1911 and in 1913 joined the Crown Solicitor's Office. During World War I he joined the Australian Imperial Force (AIF), serving with the 24th Battalion on the Western Front. He was promoted to captain, performing "regimental and staff duties". He was exposed to gas in March 1918 and formally discharged in May 1919.
Career
After the war's end, Menzies resumed the legal studies he had begun at the University of Melbourne in 1910. He graduated Bachelor of Laws in 1920 and was admitted to the Victorian Bar in the same year. He began conducting prosecutions in the courts of petty session and also appeared as a legal assistant before boards of inquiry and royal commissions. Menzies was an unsuccessful candidate for Nationalist preselection in the seat of Toorak at the 1920 state election. He was also a member of the Victorian Football Association's disciplinary tribunal.
In 1926, Menzies was appointed Crown Solicitor of Victoria in succession to Edward Guinness, who had held the position since 1889. He had previously served as assistant crown solicitor. In 1928, he was accused by Eugene Gorman of improperly interfering in the trial of Gorman's client Ernest Kleinert, who had been charged with the murder of Menzies' cousin's wife Iolene Sampson. Kleinert was acquitted. As crown solicitor, Menzies was "responsible for conducting criminal prosecutions and for advising government departments and instrumentalities" and "superintended a wide range of litigation in the Supreme Court and the High Court of Australia". He was responsible for Victoria's submission to the uniform tax case of 1942. In 1950, Menzies led the appeal against the retrial granted to convicted murderers Jean Lee, Robert Clayton and Norman Andrews. Lee subsequently became the last woman executed in Australia.
Menzies retired as crown solicitor in 1954, having been appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1951. He subsequently served on the boards of several companies associated with Staniforth Ricketson. In 1955, Menzies served on the three-member commission which determined the capital of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. He also served on the 1959 Monckton Commission into the federation's future as a representative of the Commonwealth of Nations. In 1962 he was the chairman of the Freedom From Hunger campaign in Victoria.
Personal life
Menzies married Ruby Friend in 1922 with whom he had three sons, including a set of twins. His oldest son Neville drowned in Mentone in 1929 at the age of five.
Menzies was an "accomplished tenor" who sang with the Royal Victorian Liedertafel for twenty years. He died on 31 August 1978, aged 86, at his home in Balwyn.
References
1892 births
1978 deaths
Australian barristers
People from Ballarat
University of Melbourne alumni
Australian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Public servants of Victoria (Australia)
Australian military personnel of World War I
is a train station in Fukuyama, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, with automatic vending machines.
Timeline of notable history
July 21, 1914 - at the time of opening of the light railway.
June 26, 1926 - Renamed to the light railway train.
See also
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
References
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Tachopteryx thoreyi, commonly known as the gray petaltail and Thorey's grayback, is a species of dragonfly. It is native to the East Coast of the United States as far north as New York, as far south as Florida, and as far west as Texas. This species is the only member of the monotypic genus Tachopteryx.
The gray petaltail lives in highlands, woodlands, and deciduous forests with permanent seeps, often indicated by the presence of skunk cabbage and ferns.
The gray petaltail is primarily gray and black in color; the thorax is usually entirely gray, while the abdomen is gray and black. The adult is 7.1 to 8.0 centimeters in length.
References
Petaluridae
Insects described in 1858
Taxa named by Hermann August Hagen
JB and the Moonshine Band is an American Texas country group from East Texas composed of JB Patterson, Gabe Guevara, Hayden McMullen and Chris Flores. In 2010, they signed to Colt Ford's record label, Average Joe's Entertainment. Their 2012 album Beer for Breakfast charted on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
History
In early 2009, frontman JB Patterson, lead vocalist, songwriter and rhythm guitarist for the band, gave up his advertising career to pursue his dream of being a songwriter, and listed an open casting call for musicians in his community. Turnout for the audition was small; only three people showed up, but three was enough. Gabe Guevara, Hayden McMullen and Chris Flores were immediately dubbed "the Moonshine Band." After their first show at a local honky-tonk, JB and the boys began touring, and with a jury-rigged PA system and a rented U-Haul van, the band travelled through East Texas, quickly gaining a local following.
The group's big break came while opening for Average Joe's Entertainment artist Colt Ford in March 2010. The band's country sound and outlaw attitude immediately caught the attention of Colt's team in Nashville, TN, and in July 2010 JB and the Moonshine Band signed a record deal with Average Joe's Entertainment. Label mates include country singer/songwriter Colt Ford, American Idol finalist Josh Gracin, and award winning country duo Montgomery Gentry. The band's debut album, “Ain't Goin' Back to Jail” premiered in September 2010, with Gabe Guevara on drums, Hayden McMullen on lead guitar, Chris Flores on bass guitar and JB providing lead vocals, banjo, and acoustic guitar. JB also serves as the band's lyricist, writing all of the songs on the record.
JB and the Moonshine Band's second album, "Beer For Breakfast" was released March 6, 2012 and charted on Billboard.
Notable accomplishments
The first single from the Ain't Goin' Back to Jail debut album was "Perfect Girl" and was the fasting-raising debut single in 2010 and is the #1 Most Requested Song on XM Nashville 11, with over 2,300 digital sales a week. The single has gained over 1,090,000 YouTube views and has already sold over 50,000 paid single downloads on iTunes. Currently, the band's YouTube channel has had over 2,000,000 views.
The music video for "Perfect Girl" was also featured on CMT Pure's 12 Pack for months and peaked at #7. It was later nominated for CMT's Top 30 Videos of 2011.
The second single from their debut album, "Whiskey Days" peaked at #7 on Billboard's Texas Regional Radio Report. The third single, "Love Don't Let You Decide" peaked at #15 on the Texas Regional Radio Report.
In 2011, JB and the Moonshine Band were nominated for two awards at the Texas Radio Report Awards for "Best Video" and "Best New Group."
JB Patterson co-wrote the #1 hit single "Double-Wide Dream" on the Texas Regional Radio Report for the week of January 15. The single was cowritten with the frontman from Casey Donahew Band of Texas. The video for the single has recently been played on CMT's show "High 5" which features the top five most played songs on CMT.com.
The sophomore album, "Beer For Breakfast" debuted at No. 4 on iTunes Country Albums day of its release, March 6. The album debuted at No. 31 on Billboard's Country Chart, No. 31 on Billboard's Independent Albums and at No. 7 on Billboard's Heatseekers Chart.
The third album Mixtape was released on June 30, 2015. It debuted on the Top Country Albums chart at No. 33, selling 2,600 copies for the week.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Guest singles
Music videos
References
External links
Official Website
Official Facebook Page
Official YouTube Channel
Average Joes Entertainment
LEX Music Group, LLC
Country music groups from Texas
Average Joes Entertainment artists
Musical groups established in 2009
Two vessels have borne the designation, His Majesty's hired armed cutter Lion. The first served during the French Revolutionary Wars, capturing five privateers and several merchant vessels. The second served briefly at the start of the Napoleonic Wars. Both vessels operated in the Channel. The two cutters may have been the same vessel; at this juncture it is impossible to know. French records report that the French captured the second Lion in 1808 and that she served in the French Navy until 1809.
First hired armed cutter Lion
This vessel served on a contract from 30 March 1793 to 27 January 1801. She was of 85 tons (bm) and was armed with ten 3-pounder guns. She may have been built in 1789.
She was commissioned under Lieutenant W.R. Davies. In late 1793 Lion served in a small squadron under the command of Sir James Saumarez in the frigate , together with the frigate and the brig . They convoyed some transports with troops for Jersey and Guernsey, and their picked up pilots for Rear-Admiral MacBride. On 28 November Saumarez detached Lion to take the pilots to MacBride.
Lieutenant Thomas Baker was appointed acting commander from December or perhaps January 1794. He served on her in the Channel as part of the forces under MacBride, before moving into the lugger Valiant on 20 May 1794.
On 8 March 1795 Lion, while under the command of Nick Simmons (or Simmonds, or Symonds) captured the ship Apparencen.
On 16 August 1796, Lion and the revenue cutter Swallow were four leagues — — west-southwest of Beachy Head when they observed a signal from the signal post alerting them to the presence of an enemy vessel. They set out in pursuit and captured a privateer lugger and her prize, a sloop. The privateer was armed with swivel guns and small arms, and had a crew of 17 men. She was three days out of St Valory and had only captured the sloop.
The next month, on 12 September at 6a.m., Lion was three leagues — — southeast of Beachy Head when she spotted a French privateer cutter. Lion, under the command of her master, Nick Simmonds, immediately gave chase, but at 7a.m., the privateer, seeing that Lion was going to persist, came up, exchanges several shots with Lion, and the struck. The privateer was the Turot, of four 4-pounder guns, some swivel guns, and small arms, and 25 men under the command of Bernard Emanuel Turat. She was four days out of Havre de Grace and had not yet taken any prizes. (The name of the privateer was later corrected to Turo.)
Three months later, on 15 December, Lion, still under the command of Nick Simmonds, captured a French privateer off the Owers after a four-hour chase. The privateer was the cutter Hazard. She was armed with two carriage guns, two swivel guns, and small arms, and had a crew of 17 men. She was two days out of Fécamp but had captured nothing.
Then in the evening of 2 (or 3) February 1797, Lion, was off Dungeness Point, when she took possession of a French privateer sloop. Captor and prey were astern of a convoy that ranged to eastward. The privateer was the Requin, of Dieppe, armed only with muskets, and having a crew of 20 men. Lion was in company with the Dolphin, but it was Commander Bazely of who wrote the letter describing the incident, Harpy having arrived as Lion was taking possession of Requin.
In late 1797 or early 1798, Lion was in company with the hired armed cutters Telemachus and Peggy when they captured the Ledia.
On 18 May 1798 Home Riggs Popham led an expedition to Ostend to attack the sluice gates of the Bruge Canal. The expedition landed 1,300 troops under Major General Coote. The army blew up the locks and gates on the Bruges canal but was then forced to surrender. Lion, under the command of Lieutenant S. Bevel (or Bevill) was part of the naval portion of the operation. Lion carried some soldiers from the 23rd Regiment of Foot, which she landed, together with 15 of her crew. They carried some of the mines (explosives) used for blowing up the locks and gates.
On 16 November a French privateer appeared off Hastings. Captain Edward Henry Columbine was the commander of the Sea Fencibles for the area, and Mr. Wexham, master of the Lion, volunteered his vessel to go after the privateer. Columbine put a number of Sea Fencibles aboard Lion, which set out in chase. Lion had to fire on the privateer before she would strike, which cost the life of one Frenchman. The privateer was the Success, of Cherbourg. She was armed with four guns and carried a crew of 24 men under the command of Nicholas Dubois, master. She had been out four days without having made any captures.
Lion, and the hired armed cutters Dolphin and Lord Duncan were in company on 26 March 1799 when they recaptured the brigs Triton and Search.
On 11 October Lion, under the command of Lieutenant William Yawkins, and the hired armed cutter Ann recaptured three small vessels. One of the three was the Elizabeth, of Whitby, Thomas Smith, master. Shortly after he was brought on shore at Deal, Captain Smith died of wounds he sustained when the privateer captured the Elizabeth. Smith's wife, who was on board at the time of the capture, arrived safely.
Late in 1799, Lion was at Goeree-Overflakkee. Three Dutch vessels had taken refuge there and an overage merchant hoy, the Overyssel, was to be sunk at the mouth of the harbour to impede their escape. A sudden gale overturned Overyssel, but a boat from Lion saved some of the crew.
At the end of December or in early January 1800, Lion took up station at Newhaven, at the behest of the merchants of Lewes, for the "protection of ships trading to and from that port".
In February 1800, Lieutenant W. Tatham, the former first lieutenant of , which was being decommissioned, was appointed to command Lion. In April Lion captured, off Scaford, Sussex, a smuggling vessel from Folkestone, with 500 pieces of contraband.
In April, Lion captured the French fishing boats Julie and Recompense. Then on 17 June Lion and the sloop sailed from The Downs with a large number of merchant ships.
Lion was anchored in St Aubin's Bay, Jersey in November 1800 when a severe gale came up on 9 November, which drove her onshore. Although several other vessels in the bay such as , suffered similarly, they were refloated. The schooner and the hired armed brig Telegraph got safely out to sea, though Telegraph had to cut away her mainmast. Havick, however, was so badly damaged that she was abandoned as a wreck. Neither Havick nor Pelican suffered any casualties, though the crews were subject to waves breaking over them for six hours until the tide, which had risen (perpendicular), providentially receded.
Second hired armed cutter Lion
This vessel served between 15 June 1804 and 23 August 1805. She was of 86 tons (bm) and carried eight 12-pounder carronades. On 17 September 1804 Lion came into Portsmouth with a vessel with a cargo of salt that she had detained, and then immediately left again on a cruise. Lion arrived at Portsmouth on 22 January 1805 and reported that off Havre she had come upon a sloop floating keel uppermost. Lion had left the sloop Isle of Wight towing the vessel.
French records report that French peniches captured Lion ca. 15 May 1808 off the Sables d'Olonne. The records describe her as having a displacement of 90 tons (French), and being armed with eight 12-pounder carronades. Lloyd's List of 27 May reported that several gunboats had captured the privateer Lion, of Plymouth, off the French coast. (Readily available records of letters of marque do not show any contemporary one issued to any vessel matching Lions description.) The French navy employed Lion as a cutter and sold her c.1809.
Citations and references
Citations
References
Corbett, Julian S. ed., (1914) The Private Papers of George, Second Earl Spencer, First Lord of the Admiralty, 1794–1801. Vol. 2. (Navy Records Society Vol. XLVIII).
O'Brien, Donat Henchy (1902) My Adventures During the Late War: A Narrative of Shipwreck, Captivity, Escapes from French Prisons, and Sea Service in 1804-14. (E. Arnold).
Ross, Sir John (1838) Memoirs and Correspondence of Admiral Lord De Saumarez: From Original Papers in Possession of the Family. (R. Bentley).
1790s ships
Hired armed vessels of the Royal Navy
Maritime incidents in 1800
Shipwrecks in the English Channel
Captured ships
Brunhilde Sonntag (27 September 1936 – 18 December 2002) was a German composer, musicologist and music teacher.
Biography
Brunhilde Sonntag was born in Kassel, Germany. She studied organ at the School of Church Music in Schlüchtern and education at the Pedagogical Institute Jugenheim. From 1959 to 1963 she worked as a teacher at the Friedrich Ebert School in Frankfurt and took private composition lessons from Kurt Hessenberg. From 1963 to 1969 she studied composition at the Hochschule for Music and Performing Arts in Vienna with and Gottfried von Einem, and took a teaching position in the Department of Music of the Justus Liebig University, Giessen.
From 1973 to 1977 Sonntag studied musicology at the Philipps-University in Marburg, and graduated with a PhD. She took a position as assistant professor at the College of Education Westfalen-Lippe, Münster Department. From 1981 to 1992 she worked as a professor at the University-GH-Duisburg, and in 1992 took a position as professor at the University of Wuppertal.
Sonntag published a number of books and professional articles on music. She served as co-editor of the Journal of Music Education, co-editor of the cultural magazine Sound Tracks, and editor of a series on music, art and consumerism in LIT Verlag, Münster.
Works
Sonntag composed for orchestra, chamber ensemble, voice, choir, and solo instrument. Selected works include:
Auf einem Baum ein Kuckuck saß cantata (1958)
Wenn die Tale blühn choral cantata (1958)
Christ ist erstanden (1958)
Hausbau-Stück for piano (1959)
Schädelvariationen for soprano and piano (1967/68)
Fantasie und Fuge über EGAH for organ (1976)
Vier Klavierstücke (1978/1981)
EKG collage (1981)
Der tragische Tausendfüßler (1981)
Hallelujah! Variationen über "Oh, when the Saints go marching in" for soprano, clarinet and piano (1981)
Briefe an Verleger song for tenor and piano (1981)
Kume, kum, Geselle min for organ (1982)
Von guten Mächten (setting "Von guten Mächten" by Bonhoeffer) for choir a cappella (1982)
Fünf Lieder with text from P. Celan and R. Ausländer for soprano and piano (1983)
Verwandlungen Studie for orchestra (1983)
Aber ich sage Euch: Liebet Eure Feinde for choir, speaker and organ (1983)
Flötenspiel song with test from H. Hesse (1984)
Drei Miniaturen for oboe, clarinet, trumpet (1984)
Fünf Miniaturen for organ (1984)
Streichquartett (1984)
Stagnationen trio for flute, horn and cello (1986)
Spiegelungen for piano (with text) (1987)
Akrostichon for solo guitar (1987)
Tefilla for piano (19879
Wiegenlied für Stefan for guitar solo (1988)
Drei Lieder with text from Ulla Hahn for soprano and piano (1988)
ANIMUS 2 for string quartet (1988)
FARBENKUGEL for organ (1988)
Et vitam venturi saeculi for organ (1988)
DIALOG for guitar duo (1989)
O Tod, wie bitter bist du for orchestra (1991)
Fünf Lieder with Japanese text for soprano and guitar (1991)
Rote Bänder for guitar duo (1991)
Danse fatale for violin and accordion (1991)
Fünf Lieder with text from Busta for soprano and guitar (1991)
SOLO für Esther for solo chello (1991)
Dein Schweigen ist groß" text from R. Ausländer and M. Jaroschka choir a cappella (1991)Wie grau es auch regnet three songs with text from G. Eich for soprano, oboe, flute and guitar (1992)Als wär's ein Engel for piano (1992)LAUDATE for tenor, violin and organ (1992)Musik for String Quartet (1992)Studie for flute, oboe, clarinet, violin, viola, and cello (1993)Es ist ein Schnitter, heißt der Tod for string quartet (1993)IRRITATIONEN song with text from J.v.Eichendorff, R.M. Rilke, H. Hesse, E. Burkart for mezzosoprano and piano (1994)DIE MÖVE JONATHAN for string quartet, flute, oboe, clarinet, trumpet and piano (1994)IRRITATIONEN with text from J.v.Eichendorff, R.M.Rilke, H.Hesse. E.Burkart for soprano, string quartet, flute, oboe, piano and guitar (1994)JAKOB LITTNERS AUFZEICHNUNGEN AUS EINEM ERDLOCH (W.Koeppen) music for speaker, string quartet, flute, oboe,trumpet and piano (1994)Bist ein Weinen in der Welt Songs with text from Else Lasker-Schüler for soprano and piano (1994)Zwei Klavierstücke (1994)Münchner Flötenduo for Elisabeth and Edmund Weinzierl-Wächter (1995)Ein trauriger Tag songs with text from Marta Krutul (1995)SHALOM'' (1995)
References
External links
List of publications and compositions
1936 births
2002 deaths
20th-century classical composers
German music educators
Women classical composers
German classical composers
University of Marburg alumni
University of Wuppertal faculty
University of Giessen faculty
German women academics
20th-century German composers
Women music educators
20th-century women composers
20th-century German women
The 1983 Friuli-Venezia Giulia regional election took place on 26 June 1983.
Events
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party which came second. After the election Antonio Comelli, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, formed a government with the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party, the Italian Republican Party and the Italian Liberal Party (Pentapartito). In 1984 Comelli was replaced by fellow Christian Democrat Adriano Biasutti.
Results
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Cjargne Online
References
Elections in Friuli-Venezia Giulia
1983 elections in Italy
June 1983 events in Europe
Žaočani is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 332 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
RADION International is a Singapore-registered Christian humanitarian relief and development non-government organisation (NGO). RADION's core work primarily focuses on long-term assistance to underprivileged and marginalized communities in Asia. RADION International, headquartered in Chiang Mai, Thailand, serves communities in critical need across northern Thailand and The Philippines. As of 2018, RADION has launched its signature child protection and developments programs to serve communities in Laos in partnership with the Ministry Of Labour and Social Welfare (MLSW), Laos PDR. RADION has also been involved in short-term projects to disaster areas, like in The Philippines during Haiyan typhoon.
RADION programs cover child rescue and protection, community development, disaster recovery, with the bulk of its work dedicated to aiding critically needy children and their families. Most of its donors are Singaporeans.
History
Founding
RADION International was founded in 2007, starting as three-man team based in Chiang Mai. The founders of RADION had learned of the plight of some 8,900 Hmong from previous humanitarian missions and were inspired to provide aid to the critically needy among the refugees. The Hmong, who had sought asylum in Northern Thailand following the events of the regional conflicts, had fallen into extreme poverty, with children becoming a particular high-risk group.
The organization has since designed most of its programs to address the needs of these children and their families, which founders say necessitate long-term efforts of some "20-to-40 years".
In 2018, RADION claims to have reached as many as 7,000 direct beneficiaries in 2018 alone.
RADION International's Chairman is Dr Joel Yang, and is led by Executive Director Eugene Wee, who is also one of the founders.
Initiatives
RADION runs a number of both long-term and short-term programs in Asia, with most of its efforts targeting the Hmong refugees in Northern Thailand. The strategic focus of the programs has shifted over the years, in response to the evolving needs of the beneficiaries on the ground.
STREETKIDS! Rehabilitation Shelter (STK)
An intervention and rehabilitation program for children from high-risk backgrounds (i.e. poverty, substance abuse, gangs, physical abuse/neglect). The program provides education, nutrition, healthcare, emotional support and character development for these children.
Building on the success of the StreetKIDS, a second shelter was set up in Chiangmai in 2011 to accommodate the influx and education needs for the older children. In 2012, The StreetKIDS programme started to receive more high-risk and abuse cases, prompting the management to set up a rescue arm to provide direct assistance to children who were at risk of being trafficked as well as victims of abuse.
Project LIVES!
Project LIVES! is an annual humanitarian relief & awareness campaign. The campaign was first started in 2007 and sought to aid targeted communities relief items through community action. Relief aid has typically taken the form of cold wear, food items, hygiene items, and children's toys. Held yearly in Singapore, the Project LIVES! has also become a platform for inspiring action in the community, creating awareness for caring for communities.
Microentrepreneurship: Integrated Farming and Project SHOPHOUSE!
Integrated Farm and The SHOPHOUSE! and Integrated Farm are social enterprises created to aid victims of domestic violence by providing jobs, work skills training and rehabilitation in a safe environment. The goal is to empower these womenfolk to one day attain financial independence and self-sufficiency.
RADION also started the Project SHOPHOUSE, one of its earliest initiatives, to provide low-cost internet access to needy students.
RADION started an integrated farm in 2009 to trial and showcase the feasibility of different farming technologies for farmers, helping them in areas of animal husbandry, agriculture, aquaculture and bio fuel development.
Community and Livelihood Development
The organisation built on the success of the farm to start off the community development program - a holistic programme to address issues of poverty, domestic violence, substance abuse and lack of healthcare among rural communities.
DEKThai Children's Weekend Education
A preventive children's weekend program, preventing underprivileged children from falling into vices of drugs and domestic violence. The program provides weekend tuition, livelihood skills training, healthcare education and nutrition to village children that come from poor backgrounds.
Village Outreach Programme (VO)
An elderly care program that provides nursing care, nutrition and emotional support to the poorest and most at-risk villagers in the community.
Community Development Program (CDP)
A two-pronged program with an advocacy arm to educate youth in an effort to break the vicious cycle of poverty, violence and drugs, and a social business arm that provides practical work-skill training and safe shelter for victims of domestic violence.
Organizational Philosophy
The organisation is founded on Christian values. According to the organization's founders, RADION's name originates from the combination of two words, "RADIATING" and "MISSION". It strongly believes in reaching oppressed and needy groups through practical actions and to be a catalyst for change within these communities.
Long-Term Developmental Model
RADION targets communities that are marginalised due to political, geographical or social constraints. The organisation promotes aid and community development through a four-prong approach, administering programs to children, young adults and the elderly. The organization is currently the only non-governmental organization serving the Hmong hill-tribe village of Khek Noi — the largest Hmong community in Thailand.
Short-Term Humanitarian Relief
RADION provides direct assistance to all rural villages within a 120 km radius of its integrated centre in Phetchabun, Thailand in the event of natural calamities or disasters that occur in the area.
Humanitarian Relief/Recovery projects are short term projects targeted at channeling timely life-saving support to underserved communities in the event of natural disasters or calamities.
These adhoc projects provide affected villagers with food, shelter, medical care and crisis support.
Disaster Recovery projects aim to provide mid-term assistance to communities impacted by disasters through the provision of livelihood options and economic recovery.
Past Projects
2007–2009 : Pioneered outreaches spanning 600 km across Thailand, providing 8900 Hmong-Lao refugees in 3 different areas with humanitarian aid.
a. Phetchabun Refugee Camp (8200 refugees)
b. Nong Khai Detention Center (158 refugees)
c. Refugee Settlement (450 refugees)
Each site had different pressing needs, and as a result, outreach operations varied in scale and intensity from basic MILK! Missions (children nutrition augmentation missions), FRUITS! Mission (family food augmentation mission) to first-aid training.
Jan 2009 : Disaster Relief & Medical Support
RADION International responded when the Thai government called for additional support during the sudden cold snap in 2009. RADION International provided medical assistance to 8 villages within a 120 km radius from RADION's field office in Phetchabun.
Nov 2013 - Jan 2014 : Disaster Relief For Super Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda)
RADION was amongst the first to respond after Super Typhoon Haiyan hit the Philippines in Nov 2013. The disaster response team spearheaded missions into Capiz Province that had been devastated by the typhoon but neglected by other aid agencies. The relief effort is currently still ongoing with volunteer teams providing medical care, relief items and establishing development initiatives to assist and restore affected communities.
Impact and Accolades
The STREETKIDS! programme saw a 66% rehabilitation success rate for juvenile drug users on the programme.
RADION's community development initiatives and successful collaboration with local leaders brought juvenile substance use down from 25% to 11.9%. The effort was recognized by the Social Development Office, Royal Thai Embassy and RADION was awarded Outstanding Brands by BrandAlliance.
Media References
Partners & Supporters
RADION International accepts donations from a number of countries, including Singapore, Thailand, Australia, United States of America and United Kingdom.
RADION receives support from individuals and corporate partners, including:
Crocs, which donated several hundred pairs of footwear.
Singapore Technologies (Info-communications), which helped to set up satellite collection for relief items.
Lee Foundation, supported project cost for education projects
Welch Allyn, which donated medical equipment and essentials towards the projects
Starhub, which donated school bags and stationary
The Pan Pacific Singapore, which contributed retail space to serve as a collection centre for a RADION donation drive in February 2009.
Syngenta, which supported agricultural development projects
The Salvation Army Singapore, which contributed relief items.
FS Freight Systems Pte. Ltd.
Crabtree & Evelyn, which donated essential toiletries.
Woleco, contributed hygiene items.
Supporters
Afiko Delivery, which is contributing S$1 out of every S$50 of revenue towards RADION.
colinsphotograffi, which contributes 10% of profits & photography services towards RADION's marketing and communications materials.
NUS Medical Society, ongoing collaboration to provide medical care in impoverished communities.
INTASE, donates a percentage of profits towards education and development projects
Notes & References
External links
RADION International website
RADION International Thailand website
Charities based in Thailand
Refugee aid organizations
Religious organizations based in Thailand
Organizations established in 2007
Koreans in the United Kingdom include Korean-born migrants to the United Kingdom and their British-born descendants tracing ancestries from North Korea and South Korea.
Demographics
Population size
The population of Koreans in the United Kingdom is hard to assess. According to South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 2019, there were 40,770 Koreans living in the United Kingdom.
This figure is quite different from data collected through the census in the United Kingdom, as it does not have a separate category for ethnic Koreans. Census data does exist in terms of UK residents who were born in South Korea. According to the 2011 UK Census, 16,276 residents of England were born in South Korea, 310 in Wales, 716 in Scotland, and 92 in Northern Ireland. 369 people born in North Korea were recorded in England, 12 in Wales, and 11 in Scotland.
The previous, 2001 UK Census recorded 12,310 UK residents born in South Korea. The 2011 report of South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade showed 45,295 South Korean citizens or former citizens (regardless of birthplace) registered as living in the UK This means that Koreans in the United Kingdom are the 12th-largest group of overseas Koreans, behind Korean Brazilians and ahead of Koreans in Indonesia. According to the Overseas Korean Foundation, between 1999 and 2005, the UK's Korean population nearly quadrupled from 10,836, surpassing the older community of Koreans in Germany to become the largest in Europe. Among those recorded in MOFAT's statistics, 3,839 were British citizens, 9,170 had indefinite leave to remain, 19,000 were international students, and the other 14,820 had other kinds of visas. About two-thirds resided in the London area.
Most come from South Korea; however, North Korean defectors have also sought asylum in the UK. The number of North Koreans claiming asylum in the UK peaked at 412 in 2007, having risen from only 45 in 2006. Numbers then dropped to 185 in 2008, and ranged between 20 and 37 per annum between 2009 and 2014. According to UNHCR statistics, 622 recognised refugees and 59 asylum seekers from North Korea were present in the UK in 2014.
The UK grants asylum only to defectors who come directly from North Korea. In 2008, it was reported that 180 asylum seekers had had their applications rejected after police checks revealed that they had previously resided in South Korea (and thus had residency rights and citizenship there, in accordance with the South Korean constitution). Some of the alleged North Korean defectors may also be ethnic Koreans from China who purchased North Korean documents so that they could attempt to gain refugee status in developed countries. Efforts by UK Visas and Immigration and predecessors to identify fake defectors have not always been successful and have also been known to misclassify actual defectors as fake ones. In September 2014, an asylum tribunal dismissed the appeal of several North Koreans, ruling that the "appellants are South Korean citizens and their asylum appeal must fail".
Population distribution
Large numbers of Koreans began to settle in the UK in the 1980s, mostly near London; the highest concentration can be found in the town of New Malden, where estimates of the Korean population range from 8,000 to as high as 20,000 people. Factors which may have attracted them to New Malden include cheap housing, the previous presence of a Japanese community in the area, and the "bandwagon effect" of a few prominent Korean businesses in the area early on. In the 1990s, the area came to prominence as a hub for the Korean community; the high concentration of Koreans there meant that adult immigrants, especially women, tend not to speak much English, even after years of residence in the United Kingdom. During the 2002 FIFA World Cup, Koreans from all over the country flocked to the town to gather with their co-ethnics and show support for the Korea Republic national football team.
Other areas with a Korean presence include Golders Green, where Korean and Japanese immigrants have been visibly replacing the older, diminishing Jewish community.
Of the total of 392 North Korean-born residents recorded by the 2011 census, 251 lived in Greater London, 47 in North-West England and 30 in Yorkshire and the Humber.
Business
21% of all Korean-owned businesses in the UK, are located in the New Malden area. The first Korean restaurant in New Malden was established in 1991. Other Korean businesses in the area include hairdressers, stationery shops, travel agents, and Korean-language child care services; there used to be a bookstore selling imported Korean novels, but it closed down. Two rival Korean-language newspapers are also published there. Korean grocers do good business, as Korean food products, unlike those from India or Japan, tend to be unavailable from mainstream retailers such as Tesco. While Korean food has not historically been as popular as Chinese food, and Korean restaurants in London have been described as "mostly student hang-outs, offering simple food at bargain prices", it is gaining popularity, particularly in the gourmet street food market.
A 2006 study of Korean businesses in Kingston upon Thames noted that Korean business owners' unfamiliarity with commercial practices in the UK, along with language barriers, have sometimes led them into conflict with governmental regulators; the Health and Safety Executive noted that Korean barbecue restaurants are especially problematic in this regard, as they often imported small, uncertified table-top gas cookers directly from South Korea for self-installation, rather than hiring a registered gas engineer to install and inspect them, and took no corrective action when issued with warnings. The language barrier is compounded by the lack of translators; one Korean translator estimated that she had only four or five competitors in the entire country. Today, most South Koreans speak English and many high-quality restaurants can be found in London's West End.
Religion
The census in the United Kingdom does not have a separate category for Koreans and, hence, does not provide religious breakdown. However, as with Koreans in other contexts, Protestant churches have played an important social and cultural role in the Korean immigrant community in the United Kingdom. Korean immigrants have often participated in mainstream English-speaking churches in the United Kingdom. But some have also attended churches which are explicitly conducted in Korean language. Some Korean immigrant churches will also conduct youth group services and activities in English language; this has aided in preventing the attrition of Korean language abilities among locally born Korean youth. Denominations with Korean-language services in New Malden include the Church of England and the Methodist Church.
A smaller number of Koreans in the UK observe Buddhism.
Notable people
Jean-Baptiste Kim, former unofficial North Korean spokesman in France, now living in Surrey
Park Ji-sung, former football player with Manchester United F.C. and Queens Park Rangers
Lee Chung-yong, football player with Crystal Palace F.C.
Ki Sung-yueng, football player with Newcastle United
Son Heung-min, football player with Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Yongcheol Shin, econometrician and professor
Ha-Joon Chang, economist, University of Cambridge
Clara Lee, South Korean actress of Korean and British descent born in Switzerland
Shannon, South Korean singer of Korean and Welsh descent
Jill Vidal, Hong Kong singer of Korean and Filipino descent
Sue Son, South Korean classical violinist. Born in Seoul, and raised in Colchester
Jack Aitken, Formula 1 driver for Williams Racing
Hwang Hee-chan, football player with Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
See also
East and Southeast Asians in the United Kingdom
East Asians in the United Kingdom
Footnotes
References
Further reading
External links
Korean Festival, the largest Korean cultural festival in Europe
Korean Food in London
British Korean Society (formerly the Anglo-Korean Society)
British Korean Women's Society
London Korean Links(Korean cultural events in London)
Korean-Culture Centre in London
Go Korea (Korean Tourist Organisation)
Korea Business Centre London (KOTRA)
Asian diaspora in the United Kingdom
United Kingdom
Immigration to the United Kingdom by country of origin
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Tochigi SC.
Club statistics
Updated to end of 2018 season.
References
External links
Profile at Machida Zelvia
Profile at Sanfrecce Hiroshima
1995 births
Living people
Association football people from Hiroshima Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Sanfrecce Hiroshima players
Roasso Kumamoto players
FC Machida Zelvia players
Ehime FC players
Tochigi SC players
J.League U-22 Selection players
Association football defenders
Cam Ly may refer to:
Cẩm Ly (born 1970), a Vietnamese singer
Cẩm Lý, a commune in Vietnam
Tantramar Regional High School, is a Canadian secondary school located in Sackville, New Brunswick.
Notable alumni
Ian Hanomansing - journalist
Marc Milner - historian
References
External links
Official School Website
Anglophone East School District Website
High schools in New Brunswick
The Brescia Casket or Lipsanotheca (in Italian Lipsanoteca) is an ivory box, perhaps a reliquary, from the late 4th century, which is now in the Museo di Santa Giulia at San Salvatore in Brescia, Italy. It is a virtually unique survival of a complete Early Christian ivory box in generally good condition. The 36 subjects depicted on the box represent a wide range of the images found in the evolving Christian art of the period, and their identification has generated a great deal of art-historical discussion, though the high quality of the carving has never been in question. According to one scholar: "despite an abundance of resourceful and often astute exegesis, its date, use, provenance, and meaning remain among the most formidable and enduring enigmas in the study of early Christian art".
The complex iconography of the five faces is illustrated and identified below.
History
The box was made by a northern Italian workshop, probably in Milan, where Saint Ambrose was bishop, and engaged in a struggle with the Arian heresy. Milan has long been considered the most likely place of origin, which has been further strengthened after the insignia on the shields of the soldiers were identified as those of a unit of the Palatine Guards stationed in Milan in the late 4th century, when Milan was the usual residence of the Imperial court. The Notitia Dignitatum in the Bodleian Library in Oxford records these designs. One theory, discussed below, identifies the date very precisely to soon after 386, when Ambrose successfully led the Orthodox population in a confrontation with the Arian-leaning Imperial court. It has also been suggested that it was used for the relics of Gervasius and Protasius, two Milanese Roman martyr saints whose remains were translated (dug up and moved) in Ambrose's time, as recorded in a letter of his; this was one of the earliest translations recorded. The silver lock plate is later, probably from the 8th century, and later metal hinges were removed in 1928.
It is not known when it entered the keeping of the convent of San Salvatore, Brescia, but it may well have been soon after it was founded in 753 by Desiderius, last of the Lombard kings. Whatever its original function it was used as a reliquary in the Middle Ages, and was referred to in monastery documents as the "ivory sepulchre", possibly because it contained a stone taken from the empty tomb in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem. It played a special role in the convent's Easter liturgy, when in the early part of the Easter Vigil it was opened and the contents displayed to the congregation.
In 1798, with the suppression of the convent after the Napoleonic invasion, it was transferred to the Biblioteca Queriniana, the main library in Brescia, and in 1882 transferred to the museum that, after some moves, since 1999 has occupied part of the old convent home of the box. At some point during this period it was dismantled and the panels displayed laid out flat on a board forming a cross shape with a frame. The box was restored and re-assembled in 1928.
Description
The casket is rectangular, with five faces, four sides and a lid, held together by an internal framework of walnut wood, replaced when the casket was returned to its proper format in 1928, when the current short ivory feet were also added. Numerous carved ivory plaques are attached to the framework, carrying the decoration, with most zones of decoration on their own individual plaques. The casket measures 22 cm high, 32 cm wide and 25 cm deep.
The casket is covered with a profusion of small religious scenes carved in ivory relief, drawn from both the Old and New Testaments. The lid, which may be regarded as the most important face of a small box such as this, has the largest reliefs, with five scenes from the Passion of Christ in two registers, and a small top register with a frieze of birds. All the four sides follow a design with a middle register containing relatively large New Testament subjects. Above and below this are narrower registers with Old Testament scenes, and at the corners thin vertical images, only one containing a human figure, the rest symbolic objects. The top of the side faces is finished with a register, actually the sides of the lid, of busts of male figures in slightly flattened round clipea frames. Two of these are missing; there would have been a total of 17 originally, with five on the front, four on the back and four, one now missing, on each side. A young beardless Jesus is agreed to occupy the centre of the front panel, and he is probably surrounded by the Twelve Apostles, with Saint Paul substituting for Judas, making 13. Saints Peter and Paul are presumed to be the two older men with long beards flanking Jesus. The remaining four heads, presumably those on the back face, might be the Four Evangelists, which would mean repetition of subjects, or other saints.
The selection of incidents was long thought not to follow a specific programme, although Delbrueck in his monograph of 1939 was able to show that the majority of the scenes, including many of the rare ones, depicted events covered in the lectionary readings for the period of Lent and Easter that were used in Milan in Ambrose's time, about which we have a reasonable amount of information from Ambrose's surviving writings. Andre Grabar in 1969 wrote that "It is easy to establish the lack of any link (by likes or opposites) between the scenes on the two borders (Old Testament) and those of the central panel (New Testament)".
However recent studies have proposed that the casket in fact shows a coherent and carefully thought out programme, comprehending both Old and New Testament scenes, though the underlying aims of this have been interpreted differently. Many of the scenes are very rarely depicted in surviving art, and several have had new identifications proposed in recent decades. For Carolyn Joslin Watson, in a thesis of 1977 and an article in Gesta in 1981, the key to the programme lies in Milanese church politics of the time, and Ambrose's battle with the Arians. For Catherine Brown Tkacz, in a book of 2001, the main purpose of the programme is to state through typology the essential unity of the two parts of the Christian Bible, an aim common in later medieval art, which was previously thought not to have been found so early.
The identification of many of the scenes remains uncertain, with new identifications having been proposed only recently, and not all identifications agreed between, for example, Watson in 1981, Tkacz in 2001 and Bayens in 2004. The primary identifications here follow Watson, sometimes mentioning alternatives. Watson's notes summarize most but not all other identifications. For example, the scene on the back panel that Watson calls the Calling of Andrew and Peter by Jesus, which she admits is a rare subject not otherwise known in a similar composition, is called the Transfiguration of Christ by Tkacz, followed by Bayens and a number of reviewers. That would also be an unusual depiction, though of a far more common subject. The key difference in reading the image is whether the wavy lines the figures stand on represent cloud or water. All three authors are able to relate the subject they have chosen to their differing interpretations of the overall scheme of decoration.
Lid
Front
Right side
Left side
Back
Comparisons
Probably the closest direct comparison to the Brescia casket is the Pola Casket, found in a fragmentary condition under a church floor in Istria in 1906, which has fewer scenes, and those rather more conventional. Another smaller casket, now dismantled, with four Passion scenes is in the British Museum, which is also the home of most of the panels of the much later Anglo-Saxon Franks Casket (one panel is in the Bargello Museum, Florence). This has only one Christian scene, with others from northern myth and Mediterranean history, and includes texts which mingle Latin and Old English in both Roman letters and Anglo-Saxon runes. However it shares with the Brescia Casket great programmic complexity, and an equal ability to arouse scholarly debate; it seems clear that the full meaning of both boxes would have represented a puzzle, or riddle, even to well-educated contemporaries used to the iconographies of their respective periods.
Notes
References
Ambrose, ed. & tr. by John Hugo Wolfgang Gideon Liebeschuetz, Ambrose Of Milan: Political Letters And Speeches (google preview), 2005, Liverpool University Press, , 9780853238294; full text Ambrose of Milan: Letter 22: The Finding of SS. Gervasius and Protasius, Fordham
Andreopoulos, Andreas, Metamorphosis: The Transfiguration in Byzantine Theology And Iconography, 2005, St Vladimir's Seminary Press, , , google books
Bayens, Patrick James, The Brescia Casket: Patristic Exegesis and Biblical Iconography on an Early Christian Alms Box, 2004, University of Kentucky, preview
Grabar, Andre, Christian Iconography: A Study of Its Origins, 1968, Bollingen Series XXXV, 10. Princeton: Princeton University Press. , google books (reprint)
Mc Grath, Robert L., "The Martyrdom of the Maccabees on the Brescia Casket", 1965, The Art Bulletin, Vol. 47, No. 2 (Jun., 1965), pp. 257–261, JSTOR
Milburn, Robin, Early Christian Art, 1988, University of California Press, , 9780520074125, google books
Soper, Alexander Coburn, "The Italo-Gallic School of Early Christian Art", The Art Bulletin, Vol. 20, No. 2 (Jun., 1938), pp. 145–192, JSTOR
Stella, Clara, La Lipsanoteca in Renata Stradiotti (ed.), San Salvatore - Santa Giulia a Brescia. Il monastero nella storia, Skira, Milano 2001 (in Italian)
Tkacz, Catherine Brown, The Key to the Brescia casket: typology and the Early Christian imagination, 2002, University of Notre Dame Press (Paris 2001 first)
Watson, Carolyn Joslin, The Program of the Brescia Casket, 1981, Gesta, Vol. 20, No. 2 (1981), pp. 283–298, JSTOR
Webster, Leslie, Anglo-Saxon Art, 2012, British Museum Press,
Weitzmann, Kurt, ed., Age of spirituality : late antique and early Christian art, third to seventh century, 1979, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, ; full text available online from The Metropolitan Museum of Art Libraries.
includes material translated from the Italian WP article "Lipsanoteca di Brescia"
Further reading
Monographs:
Kollwitz, Johannes, Die Lipsanothek von Brescia, 1933, W. de Gruyter (in German)
Delbrueck, Richard, Probleme der Lipsanothek in Brescia, 1952, Bonn, P. Hanstein (in German)
Other:
Watson, Carolyn Joslin, The Program of the Brescia Casket (thesis), 1977, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
External links
Virtual Model of Brescia Casket, an interactive model (on Sketchfab)
Descrizione della Lipsanoteca sul sito www.museiarte.brescia.it
The casket dismantled and displayed flat, before 1928
Christian reliquaries
Ivory works of art
Early Christian art
4th-century artefacts
4th-century Roman sculptures
Containers
Christian iconography
Beatrice Rwakimari (born 21 May 1961) is a Ugandan public health leader, public administrator, teacher and politician. She was the elected Woman MP for Ntungamo District in Uganda's tenth parliament and was politically affiliated to NRM, the ruling political party in Uganda. She previously served the constituency for two consecutive terms in the 7th and 8th parliaments from 2001 to 2011. In the 10th Parliament, she served as a member of the Appointments Committee, the Committee on Health and the NRM Parliamentary Caucus.
She was replaced by Joseline Baata Kamateneti in the 2021 general elections
See also
Ntungamo District
Parliament of Uganda
National Resistance Movement
References
External links
Website of the Parliament of Uganda
Living people
1961 births
Members of the Parliament of Uganda
People from Ntungamo District
People from Western Region, Uganda
Active politicians
Makerere University alumni
Uganda Christian University alumni
21st-century Ugandan women politicians
21st-century Ugandan politicians
Women members of the Parliament of Uganda
Pipas may refer to:
The plural of pipa, a Chinese stringed instrument
A Mediterranean surname, also spelled Bibas
James Pipas, American virologist
Pipas Bay, a bay in Angola
See also
Pipa (disambiguation)
The Heinrich Wieland Prize is awarded annually by the Boehringer Ingelheim Foundation for outstanding research on biologically active molecules and systems in the areas of chemistry, biochemistry and physiology as well as their clinical importance.
In 1963, the Margarine Institute established the Heinrich Wieland Prize to support research in the field of lipids. In 2000, the Margarine Institute ended its sponsorship of the Prize and the pharmaceutical company Boehringer Ingelheim became the new sponsor. In 2011, the Boehringer Ingelheim Foundation took over the prize.
The awardee is selected by a scientific board of trustees. The prize is named after the Nobel Prize Laureate in chemistry Professor Heinrich Wieland (1877-1957), one of the leading lipid chemists of the first half of the 20th century. To mark its 50th anniversary in 2014, the prize money was raised to 100,000 euros.
Four of its awardees have gone on to receive the Nobel Prize: Michael S. Brown and Joseph L. Goldstein (1974), Bengt Samuelsson (1981) and James E. Rothman 1990.
Prize winners
Source: Boehringer Ingelheim Foundation Heinrich Wieland Prize Laureates since 2020
1964: Ernst Klenk
1965: Wilhelm Stoffel
1966: no award presented
1967: Heinrich Wagener and Bruno Frosch
1968: David Adriaan van Dorp
1969: Werner Seubert
1970: Christian Bode and Harald Goebell
1971: Laurens L.M. van Deenen
1972: Heiner Greten and Kurt Oette
1973: Shosaku Numa
1974: Michael S. Brown and Joseph L. Goldstein
1975: Ernst Ferber and Klaus Resch
1976: Dietrich Seidel and Eckhart Schweizer
1977: Gerd Assmann and Helmut K. Mangold
1978: Olga Stein and Yechezkiel Stein
1979: Konrad Sandhoff
1980: H. Bryan Brewer and Barry Lewis
1981: Bengt Samuelsson
1982: Hansjörg Eibl and Robert William Mahley
1983: John M. Dietschy
1984: Olaf Adam and Gerhart Kurz
1985: Guy Ourisson
1986: Eugene P. Kennedy
1987: Akira Endo and Dietrich Keppler
1988: Lawrence C.B. Chan
1989: Ching-Hsien Huang
1990: James E. Rothman and Karel W. A. Wirtz
1991: Jan L. Breslow
1991: Wolfgang J. Schneider
1992: Lev D. Bergelson
1993: Walter Neupert
1994: Joachim Seelig
1995: Jean E. Schaffer and Dennis E. Vance
1996: Jeffrey M. Friedman
1997: Bruce M. Spiegelman
1998: Thomas E. Willnow
1999: Ernst Heinz
2000: Lewis Clayton Cantley
2001: Felix Wieland
2002: Stephen O'Rahilly
2003: David J. Mangelsdorf
2004: Raphael Mechoulam and Roger Nicoll
2005: Helen Hobbs
2006: Alois Fürstner
2007: Joachim Herz
2008: Markus Stoffel
2009: Steven Ley
2010: Nenad Ban
2011: Franz-Ulrich Hartl
2012: Carolyn R. Bertozzi
2013: Tony Kouzarides
2014: Reinhard Jahn
2015: Gero Miesenböck
2016: Peter G. Schultz
2017: Alexander Varshavsky
2018: Pascale Cossart
2019:
2020: Craig M. Crews
2021: Thomas Boehm
See also
List of chemistry awards
List of prizes named after people
References
External links
http://www.heinrich-wieland-prize.com
Boehringer Ingelheim
Chemistry awards
American science and technology awards
Awards established in 1963
Blanche of France may refer to:
Blanche of Castile (1188–1252), queen of Louis VIII of France
Blanche of France (1253–1323), daughter of Louis IX of France and Margaret of Provence; wife of Ferdinand de la Cerda; Blanche of France, Infanta of Castile
Blanche of France (1282–1305), daughter of Philip III of France and Marie of Brabant, Queen of France; wife of Rudolph I of Bohemia; Blanche of France, Duchess of Austria
Blanche of France (daughter of Philip IV)
Blanche of France (nun) (1313–1358), daughter of Philip V of France and Joan II of Burgundy
Blanche of France, Duchess of Orléans (1328–1393), daughter of Charles IV of France and Jeanne d'Évreux; wife of Philip of Valois, Duke of Orléans
Coccothrinax ekmanii (gwenn) is a palm which is endemic to the island of Hispaniola.
Description
Like other members of the genus, C. ekmanii is a fan palm. Trees are single-stemmed, between 3 and 15 metres tall with stems 5 to 8 (occasionally 20) centimetres in diameter. The fruit is brownish, 5–6 millimetres in diameter. It grows on rocky hills or in dry scrub forest on limestone.
References
ekmanii
Trees of Haiti
Trees of the Dominican Republic
Data deficient plants
Plants described in 1929
David Tománek (born July 1954) is a U.S.-Swiss physicist of Czech origin and researcher in nanoscience and nanotechnology. He is a Emeritus Professor of Physics at Michigan State University. He is known for predicting the structure and calculating properties of surfaces, atomic clusters including the C60 buckminsterfullerene, nanotubes, nanowires and nanohelices, graphene, and two-dimensional materials including phosphorene.
Academic career
Tománek earned a doctoral degree in Physics from the Freie Universität Berlin in 1983 under the supervision of Karl-Heinz Bennemann and became Hochschulassistent there in 1984. Between 1985-1987 he worked as postdoctoral researcher at the Bell Labs under the supervision of Michael A. Schlüter and at the University of California, Berkeley under the supervision of Steven G. Louie. Since 1987, he has been Professor of Physics at Michigan State University, where he directs the Computational Nanotechnology Laboratory at the Department of Physics and Astronomy.
Research
Tománek and his research group have worked in areas in nanoscience and nanotechnology. As a graduate student at FU Berlin, he studied structural end electronic properties of surfaces, including reconstruction and photoemission spectra. He was intrigued by the unusual structure and electronic properties of atomic clusters., including collective electronic excitations and superconductivity. His computational studies of growth regimes of silicon and carbon clusters have made use of the semi-quantitative Linear Combination of Atomic Orbitals (LCAO) or tight-binding method.
During his 1994 sabbatical stay at the laboratory of Richard E. Smalley, he turned his interest to the unique properties of nanotubes formed of carbon (CNTs) and other materials. He studied their morphology, formation, mechanical stiffness, their ability to conduct heat and electrons, and field electron emission.
After 2000, he got involved in studies of two-dimensional materials including phosphorene. In the following years, he has continued identifying applications of carbon nanotubes and two-dimensional materials in fields including low-resistance contacts to nanostructures, nanomechanical energy storage, and purification and desalination of water.
Conferences
Tománek initiated a series of annual Nanotube (NT) conferences and a Gordon Research Conference on Two-dimensional electronics beyond graphene.
Honors and awards
In 2004 Tománek was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society and in 2005 he received the prestigious Alexander-von-Humboldt Senior Scientist Award (Germany). In 2008 he received the Japan Carbon Award for Life-Time Achievement and was chosen by the American Physical Society as member of the Outstanding Referees Program for excellence in peer review. In 2016 he received the Lee Hsun Research Award for Materials Science from the Chinese Academy of Sciences. His h-index is currently 78.
References
External links
Computational Nanotechnology Laboratory at Michigan State University
Google profile
Living people
Swiss physicists
Tomanek, David
1954 births
Czech physicists
Carbon scientists
Tomanek, David
Theoretical physicists
The Communist Party of Canada (Saskatchewan) was a communist party in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It was the Saskatchewan section of the Communist Party of Canada.
The party nominated candidates for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in provincial elections between 1938 and 1986. It ran three popular front candidates under the name "Unity" in 1938, electing two MLAs. They also ran two candidates under the Communist label, who failed to get elected. After the Communist Party was banned in the early years of World War II, it established the Labor-Progressive Party as its legal front, and ran candidates under that name throughout the 1940s and 1950s. It reverted to the Communist Party label in 1960.
Electoral history
See also
List of Canadian political parties
Politics of Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan
Provincial political parties in Saskatchewan
The Men's +105 kilograms weightlifting event was the heaviest men's event at the 2008 Summer Olympics weightlifting competition, allowing competitors of over 105 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 19, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 15:30, and Group A, at 19:00. This event was the fifteenth and last weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
References
Page 2690
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Men's events at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Ataxia brunnea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Champlain and Knull in 1926. It is known from the United States.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1926
William Herbert (by 1587 – 1645) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1621.
Herbert was the elder son of Richard Herbert of Wernllwynwhith. He matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford on 17 October 1600, aged 17. He sold the estate of Wernllwynwhith and bought the manor of Rhymney and White Friars, Cardiff, where he built the Friars' House. In 1621, he was elected Member of Parliament for Cardiff. He was Mayor of Cardiff and Constable of Cardiff Castle in the time of King Charles I being appointed in September 1642 to seize it for the King, and to collect the rents of the Earl of Pembroke.
Herbert died after 1645 when his estate was reckoned at £1,000 per year.
Herbert married Ann Hurst, and left his estate to his male heir William Herbert of St Fagan's, son of William Herbert who was killed at the Battle of Edgehill.
References
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Mayors of places in Wales
Politicians from Cardiff
17th-century Welsh politicians
English MPs 1621–1622
Year of birth uncertain
1645 deaths
Zelma is an unincorporated community in Pleasant Run Township, Lawrence County, Indiana.
History
Zelma was platted on May 23, 1890, by Stephen and James Fountain. Its name honors Zelma Fountain, daughter of a settler.
Geography
Zelma is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Boise County is a rural mountain county in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 7,610. The county seat is historic Idaho City, which is connected through a series of paved and unpaved roads to Lowman, Centerville, Placerville, Pioneerville, Star Ranch, Crouch, Garden Valley, and Horseshoe Bend.
Boise County is part of the Boise, ID Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Bogus Basin ski area is in the southwestern part of the county. The county's eastern area contains the central section of the Sawtooth Wilderness, the western part of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
In 2010, the center of Idaho's population was in Boise County.
History
The county was established on February 4, 1864, with its county seat at Idaho City. It was named for the Boise River, which was named by French-Canadian explorers and trappers for the great variety of trees growing along its banks in the lower desert valley. The county is one of four Idaho counties that also existed under Washington Territory. On January 12, 1863, The Washington territorial legislature established the county containing most of Idaho below 114° 30', excluding the territory lying west of the Payette River. They established its county seat at what later became Idaho City.
The Boise Basin, which contains Idaho City, was one of the nation's richest gold mining districts; gold was discovered in 1862, and more of it was pulled from present-day Boise County than from the entire state of Alaska. At its peak in the mid-1860s, Idaho City was the largest city in the Northwest, and it was this rapid population influx that led to the establishment of the Idaho Territory in 1863. The lower–elevation communities of Horseshoe Bend (Payette River) and Boise (Boise River) were staging areas for the Boise Basin mines.
The county's boundaries changed several times during Idaho's territorial period. Owyhee County (Idaho's oldest) and a portion of Oneida County were carved from the southern and eastern portion of the county as it existed under Washington Territory in late December 1863 and January 1864. When Idaho Territory established the county in February 1864, it contained all present Ada, Canyon, and Payette counties. It also included most of present Boise and Gem Counties, the southern half of Washington County, and small portions of Adams, Custer, Owyhee, and Valley counties.
When Ada County was created in December 1864, most of that territory was transferred to Ada County, leaving only small portions of Custer, Gem, Payette, Valley, and Washington counties together with most present-day Boise County. The Boise River portion of the current western boundary was established by 1866. The southern boundary common to present Ada County was defined the following year. The northern boundary was most volatile Between 1873 and 1887 with the boundary shifting further north into Valley County, back south below Cascade, and then again north to include the North Fork of Payette River Basin. The county obtained its current boundary after Gem County was created in 1915 and Valley County in 1918.
In March 2011, the county filed a Chapter 9 bankruptcy petition due to judgment against the county for violating the Fair Housing Act. The county's petition for Chapter 9 relief was denied.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has an area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water. The highest point in the county is
Thompson Peak at , on its eastern border in the Sawtooth Wilderness. The county's lowest point is on the Payette River, on its western border with Gem County, at approximately .
The elevated central basin area rises higher than Horseshoe Bend for instance and thus receives significantly more snow during the winter. Star Ranch, Placerville, and Centerville average above sea level whereas Horseshoe Bend is lower, Garden Valley is lower, and Idaho City is lower. Snow volumes around the county are best illustrated by the county Snow Load Map. Placerville roofs must be designed to withstand 150 pounds per square foot of snow whereas Horseshoe Bend is a third of that at 52.
Adjacent counties
Valley County - north
Custer County - east
Elmore County - south
Ada County - southwest
Gem County - northwest
National protected areas
Boise National Forest (part)
Sawtooth National Recreation Area (part)
Sawtooth Wilderness (part)
Major highways
- Ponderosa Pine Scenic Byway
- Payette River Scenic Byway
The county's two primary routes are scenic byways. Both are two-lane undivided highways for most of their length. The Ponderosa Pine Scenic Byway on State Highway 21 climbs northeast from Boise to Idaho City and Lowman, and ends at Stanley in Custer County, at the junction with State Highway 75. The Payette River Scenic Byway on State Highway 55 is a designated national scenic byway. It heads north from Eagle to Horseshoe Bend and climbs the whitewater of the Payette River to Cascade and McCall in Valley County, and ends at New Meadows in Adams County, at the junction with US Route 95.
The closest thing to a traffic signal in Boise County is a flashing red light for Highway 52 where it meets Highway 55, in Horseshoe Bend. Highway 55 has a flashing yellow.
Highway 52 & Highway 55 Horseshoe Bend
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 6,670 people, 2,616 households, and 1,899 families in the county. The population density was 3.5 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 4,349 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.23% White, 0.12% Black or African American, 0.93% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.10% Pacific Islander, 1.30% from other races, and 2.01% from two or more races. 3.42% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 18.4% were of German, 14.8% American, 13.8% English and 9.8% Irish ancestry.
There were 2,616 households, out of which 30.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.50% were married couples living together, 5.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.40% were non-families. 21.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.93.
The county population contained 26.90% under the age of 18, 4.70% from 18 to 24, 27.10% from 25 to 44, 30.30% from 45 to 64, and 11.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 106.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,651, and the median income for a family was $43,138. Males had a median income of $35,802 versus $26,250 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,787. About 9.00% of families and 12.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.40% of those under age 18 and 7.70% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 7,028 people, 2,974 households, and 2,051 families in the county. The population density was . There were 5,292 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.4% white, 0.8% American Indian, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.8% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 26.0% were German, 17.4% were English, 10.9% were Irish, 8.6% were American, and 6.0% were Scottish.
Of the 2,974 households, 24.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.5% were married couples living together, 5.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.0% were non-families, and 25.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.80. The median age was 48.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $48,789 and the median income for a family was $60,042. Males had a median income of $48,676 versus $36,919 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,288. About 8.9% of families and 16.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.4% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.
Population history
1863 - 16,835 (17,435)
1864 - 15,158
Communities
Cities
Crouch
Horseshoe Bend
Idaho City
Placerville
Census-designated places
Banks
Garden Valley
Lowman
Robie Creek
Unincorporated communities
Brownlee
Centerville
Gardena
Grandjean
Grimes Pass
New Centerville
Pioneerville
Quartzburg
Washington Mill
Politics
Hattie F. Noble was the first women to represent Boise, in 1898 after Idaho gave voting rights to women in 1896.
Boise County voters are reliably Republican. In only one national election since 1948 has the county selected the Democratic Party candidate.
Education
School districts include:
Basin School District 72
Boise City Independent School District 1
Emmett Independent School District 221
Garden Valley School District 71
Horseshoe Bend School District 73
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Boise County, Idaho
Notes
References
External links
Boise County Parcel Maps - Boise County Parcel Maps
State of Idaho site - Boise County profile
Idaho Summits.com - Thompson Peak
Populated places established in 1864
Idaho counties
1864 establishments in Idaho Territory
Boise metropolitan area
Elsaid Maher (born 4 March 1991), is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays as a forward.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1991 births
Living people
Egyptian footballers
Egyptian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
HIFK Fotboll players
Veikkausliiga players
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Robert Antell Sims Jr. (October 9, 1938 – March 21, 2006) was an American professional basketball player in both the National Basketball Association (NBA) and American Basketball Association (ABA). Sims was selected in the 1960 NBA Draft by the St. Louis Hawks after a collegiate career at Pepperdine University. In his NBA/ABA career, Sims averaged 7.7 points, 2.7 rebounds and 2.3 assists per game.
References
1938 births
2006 deaths
Amateur Athletic Union men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Anaheim Amigos players
Basketball players from Los Angeles
Los Angeles Lakers players
Pepperdine Waves men's basketball players
Shooting guards
St. Louis Hawks draft picks
St. Louis Hawks players
Sir John Napier, 4th Baronet (1636–1711) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1664 and 1679.
Napier was the son of Sir Robert Napier, 2nd Baronet and his second wife Penelope Egerton, daughter of John Egerton, 1st Earl of Bridgwater and was baptised at Luton Hoo on 5 July 1636. He succeeded to the family estates on the death of his father on 4 March 1661. He also inherited the repatented Napier baronetcy since his father had surrendered the original patent when disinheriting the family of his first wife.
In 1664, Napier was elected Member of Parliament for Bedfordshire in the Cavalier Parliament. When his nephew died in April 1675, he succeeded to the earlier Napier baronetcy of 1611, as heir male to his father.
Napier later became insane and had a commission awarded against him in spring 1710. He died at the age of about 75.
Napier married by licence issued 25 August 1666, Elizabeth Biddulph, daughter of Sir Theophilus Biddulph, 1st Baronet and his wife Susanna Highlord, daughter of Zachary Highlord, of London.
References
1636 births
1711 deaths
English MPs 1661–1679
John
English landowners
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
Jada Benn Torres is an American genetic anthropologist and Associate Professor of Anthropology at Vanderbilt University. She serves as Director of the Laboratory of Genetic Anthropology and Biocultural Studies. Her research considers the genetic ancestry of African and Indigenous people
Early life and education
Benn Torres' parents are from Trinidad. She has said that the childhood stories her father told her about her ancestors inspired her career in anthropology. Benn Torres earned her undergraduate degree in anthropology at the University of Notre Dame. She moved to the University of New Mexico for her graduate studies, where she investigated African ancestry throughout the Anglophone Caribbean region. After earning her doctorate, Benn Torres moved to University of Chicago.
Research and career
In 2008 Benn Torres joined the University of Notre Dame, where she was the first molecular anthropologist member of faculty. Molecular anthropology At Notre Dame Benn Torres used genetics to study the distribution of disease across different populations. She studied why African-Americans were more likely to develop uterine fibroids at a younger age than women from other populations. She moved to the Anthropology Department at Vanderbilt University in 2016. Benn Torres combines genetic epidemiology and anthropology to better understand health disparities.
Awards and honours
2015 Gabriel Ward Lasker Award
2017 Vanderbilt University Provost Research Studios
Selected publications
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of New Mexico alumni
Vanderbilt University faculty
American anthropologists
American women anthropologists
American women academics
The Barberettes () is a South Korean retro, doo-wop female group that debuted in 2014 as a trio, and is based in Seoul. With their covers and original music, they reproduce the sound of the 50s-60s music, and are referred to as a time slip girl group who travel back to the times of barbershop music and harmonizing girl groups. The group is composed of Shinae An Wheeler () and Seon (or Sunnie) Lee Kyeong (). In 2019 The Barberettes and Sweet Sorrow form a harmony collab group SBSB ().
Background
The group started singing, as a trio, for fun in October 2012, when Wheeler had the idea of creating a retro-inspired girl group. Wheeler and Grace Kim were already singing solo for the same jazz band, and Park began taking vocal lessons from Wheeler. They performed at a number of places, including the indie music venues in the Hongdae area near Hongik University in Seoul, and for audiences of the older Korean generation, releasing their first album on May 27, 2014.
The name "Barberettes" was chosen because they wanted to name themselves after the a cappella barbershop music style, hoping to use a name like "Barbershop Quartet", but lacking a fourth member, they added the suffix "ettes", like many girl groups of the 1950s and 1960s.
They often use one microphone for performances, initially to imitate that era's girl groups, but later realizing the advantage when they found they could hear each other better, which helped them control the harmony balance. They also use costumes, make-up and choreography to re-create the effect.
Musical style
They described their music as "Korean doo-wop done in the 21st century". They were inspired by doo-wop, Motown, barbershop, and pop music that was created prior to the 1960s, and also by groups like The Andrews Sisters, The Chordettes, and The Ronettes, to whom they have been compared.
They gave credit to the 1960s Korean girl group Korean Kittens, and especially The Kim Sisters, whom they discovered on YouTube, as having a large effect on them, and call them their "biggest idols". They said they were stunned by the performances of the Kim Sisters, who did not receive a lot of recognition in Korea until recently, but were signed with Motown, and performed on The Ed Sullivan Show many times.
Because of the group's performances in indie venues they are often referred to as an indie pop group. Their musical style has been described as "giving a glimpse into what K-pop might have been like in the 1950s with their styling and song choice".
Members
Original three
Shinae An Wheeler, the group's creator, producer, leader, guitarist, main composer and writer was born July 30, 1986, in Seongnam. She graduated from the Seoul Institute of the Arts and started her professional music career at age fifteen as a backing vocalist for some of the S.M. Entertainment artists, including BoA and Fly to the Sky, and as a lyricist, including "Romance" on BoA's Hurricane Venus. She is listed as a vocal participant on 110 released records registered in the Federation of Korean Music Performers (FKMP), since 2002; and started vocal training in 2006. Between 2009 - 2012, she was a radio panelist, introducing Korean indie bands, on English language program "K-popular" on TBSeFM. She teaches at Kwangwoon Conservatory of Music and has taught free music classes and worked with charities for disadvantaged teenagers in Seoul. As one of the group's vocalists, she trades out vocal harmonies with the other two members, sometimes singing lead.
Grace (Eun Hye, in Korean) Kim, was born on April 11, 1987, in Seoul. She trained on classical piano, violin and flute, and from 2011 to 2014 studied at Chung-Ang University. She was active in the indie-jazz scene as a lead vocalist in a 12-piece Korean jazz band called JHG (Just Hip'n Groovy), whose band leader was Jung Jung Hwa, a professor of Seoul Institute of the Arts. She was the group's vocalist usually singing the higher notes in the harmonies, and said of herself, "I am the playful one with a big smile."
So Hee Park was born on April 10, 1991, in Suwon She played piano since a very young age and started studying modern contemporary music in 2011 at Sungshin Women's University. She usually sang the low harmony, except when singing the lead, as on the group's single release, their cover of Be My Baby. She practices Yoga, and as the youngest of the group, called herself the "baby Barberette."
The group's instrumentalists are Sae Ha Lee - piano, Hyun Park - bass, and B. A. Wheeler - drums (sound engineer and co-producer who replaced the original drummer, Ji Yong Kim).
Member changes
In early November 2015, member Grace Kim left the group and was replaced by Seon or (Sunnie) Lee, a backup vocalist of musical groups, including Brown Eyed Soul, Dynamic Duo, and Lena Park.
On March 29, 2018, the three members announced on their YouTube channel that So Hee Park would be leaving the group.
Career
2014: The Barberettes Volume 1, The Barberettes Carol: Hun Hun Christmas
On January 29, "Sweet Lies", their first OST, on the album soundtrack for the Korean drama Prime Minister and I, was released.
On May 27, they released their first album The Barberettes Volume 1. Their work was nominated for three 2015 Korean Music Awards, "Rookie of the Year","Best Pop Album", and the first track "Little Gals", for "Best Pop Song".
In October, at the Seoul International Music Fair or MU:CON SEOUL 2014, they were one of five groups selected for an invitation to perform at the 2015 SXSW Music Festival in Austin Texas
On December 4, The Barberettes Carol: Hun Hun Christmas was released.
By the end of the year, the group had performed a number of Korean concerts, and been musical guests on several radio and television appearances, including shows on KBS2, You Hee-yeol's Sketchbook; and live performances in Japan, and on Japanese radio with Marty Friedman. At a tribute concert for Han Dae-soo, he admitted he is a fan and supporter. And they have also been featured on works of other artists, including Yang Hee Eun.
2015: "Be My Baby", SXSW, Toronto, London and Melbourne performances
On January 16, they released a cover of Be My Baby of The Ronettes, which charted at number 38 on the Gaon Music Chart and received attention when it was used by Shinhan Card for a commercial, also in January. Prior to the release of the cover, it received over 5 million views to win an online video contest, at the site "vube.com".
In March, at their three appearances at the SXSW festival, a showcase at the Austin Convention Center on March 17 (where they performed in traditional hanbok), at K-Pop Night Out at SXSW on March 19, and at the closing for SXSW on March 22, they received media recognition as the best of SXSW bands to hear and see, and placed on four "best" lists, NPR's All Songs Considered, two women's magazines, Marie Claire, and Bitch, and a newspaper, the San Jose Mercury News. The Austin Chronicle wrote, "The Barberettes are what would've happened if the Brill Building had been built in Seoul".
They combined their western trip with concerts in Toronto Canada, performing on March 14, at the Toronto Centre for the Arts and on March 15 at Lee's Palace. On March 27, they performed at the 5th Hong Kong Asian-Pop Music Festival (HKAMF 2015) at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre in Hong Kong where they placed second in the "Asian Super Nova Award", a competition among eight new artists.
In April, they were selected by KOCCA as one of twelve musical teams, artists of various genres, to "introduce talented, passionate, young Korean musicians to overseas audiences," and performed at the K-Pop Night Out concert at Midem on June 6.
On August 13, the group performed at the opening ceremony of the Jecheon International Music & Film Festival with Mia Kim of The Kim Sisters and her husband Tommy Vig. The Kim Sisters''' commemorative documentary, "Try to Remember", by Director Kim Dae-hyun opened the festival. In celebration of the event, the group also held a "Kim Sisters Tribute Concert" on August 16, in Hongdae.
On September 4, they performed in London for the K-Music Festival 2015, two nights at the venue The Forge in Camden; on radio BBC London 94.9's Jo Good show and on TV, The One Show.
On November 24, they released their second Christmas mini-album, Lonesome Christmas, with new member Kyeong joining Wheeler and Park.
On December 2, they performed at the "Mapping Melbourne" showcase in Australia and on radio stations.
2016: "Time 2 Love", "Love Shoes" and The Barberettes
In March, they were announced as part of the line-up of the Korean Music Festival to be held on May 7, and added it to part of their North American Tour 2016, including May 10 at the American Beauty NYC, May 13–14 at the Toronto Centre for the Arts, and May 15 at The Casbah in Hamilton, Ontario.
Also, in March, they were again selected as one of the musical groups to act as hallyu representatives by KOCCA, and performed at The Great Escape Festival in Brighton and Hove, England which took place on May 19–21.
On June 23, they released a single "Time 2 Love" which featured Marty Friedman, former lead guitarist of heavy metal band Megadeth, who became a fan of theirs when they released their first album.
On September 26, they released a single "Love Shoes", featuring Stuart Zender, former bass guitarist of British funk and acid jazz band Jamiroquai, who they met while performing at The Great Escape Festival.
On October 19, they released their second studio album, The Barberettes, which included the singles released earlier with Friedman and Zender. Friedman, also, joined them in their Seongdong-gu studio in August to help produce the album, playing guitar and composing some of the songs. Member Park said their debut album had just included songs they could do their best on, but on the second one, they had expanded to a wider range of music genres.
On December 3, they performed at the Rencontres Trans Musicales in Rennes, France.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Single albums
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Collaborations
Soundtrack appearances
Concerts and tours
2014
The Barberettes Recital, solo
MU:CON SEOUL 2014 7th Annual Korea-America Friendship Holiday Concert2015
The Barberettes in Toronto, solo, Toronto Centre for the Arts
The Barberettes in Toronto, solo, Lee's Palace
K-Pop Night Out at SXSW, Austin, Texas
The 5th Hong Kong Asian-Pop Music Festival (HKAMF 2015)
Han Dae-soo Tribute Concert "Reverse, Rebirth" K-Pop Night Out At Midem, Cannes
Jecheon International Music & Film Festival opening ceremony
K-Music Festival 2015, London
Mapping Melbourne2016
Korean Music Festival, Los Angeles
North American Tour 2016, New York City, Toronto
The Great Escape Festival, Brighton and Hove, England
Zandari Festa, Seoul
Rencontres Trans Musicales, Rennes, France
Awards and nominations
Korean Music Awards
|-
| rowspan="3"|2015
| The Barberettes Volume. 1''
| Best Pop Album
|
|-
| "Little Gals"
| Best Pop Song
|
|-
| The Barberettes
| Rookie of the Year
|
References
External links
The Barberettes 바버렛츠, Artist, on Naver
Doo-wop groups
Musical groups established in 2012
South Korean girl groups
South Korean pop music groups
2012 establishments in South Korea
Dallas Margarita Society dba Dallas Children's Charities (DMS/DCC) is a 501(c)(3) charitable corporation formed in 1977 when a group of Dallas businessmen decided to host a holiday party.
That signature event, the Annual Dallas Margarita Ball, has grown into the largest, invitation-only, charity black tie gala in the world with over 12,000 guests attending.
A literal mountain of joy accumulates at the event each year, as guests gladly respond to the organization's request to drop off a donated toy upon entry to the Ball or sponsor gifts with cash donations.
As the Annual Dallas Margarita Ball has expanded over four decades, so have the organization's goals. They've preserved the founders' original intent – to provide gifts for “at risk” youth in the DFW area during the holiday season. However, the extent of gifting has broadened, as DMS/DCC now provides support to over 50 regional children's charities with gifts of cash, toys, computers, exercise gear, school supplies, and many others that are awarded, not just at Christmas, but in almost every month of the year. Over its history, DMS/DCC and its supporters have contributed millions of hours of community service and millions of dollars in gifts, including over 200,000 toys, to lift up those who need it most – disadvantaged kids.
Today, the combined value of what's given back exceeds a million dollars a year, but the smiles they provide are priceless.
20 November 2021 will mark years of the Annual Dallas Margarita Ball, as 2020 went on hiatus. In addition to the toy collection efforts, this year's Dallas Margarita Ball will feature the Annual Silent Auction, completing years. This Silent Auction has gained notoriety as one of the most extensive charity auctions in the United States and donors benefit from exposure to over 12,000 affluent guests, while supporting one of the organisation's most effective fundraising opportunities.
Culture of Dallas
Annual events in Texas
Balls in the United States
Always in Between is the second studio album by English singer Jess Glynne, released on 12 October 2018 by Atlantic Records. It debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and in the top forty of several other countries. It was Glynne's last album with Atlantic Records.
Background
Glynne announced Always in Between was to be released on 29 June 2018 along with a world tour of the same name. The album was supported by the UK number-one single "I'll Be There". It is Glynne's first studio album in three years since the release of her debut project in 2015, I Cry When I Laugh.
Critical reception
Always in Between received mixed reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has an average score of 60 out of 100 based on 4 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Alexis Petridis of The Guardian gave the album two stars out of five, calling it "generic Top 40 and soul-pop finished to a high standard". While noting that the album is "influenced by classic soul, heavy on the blaring brass – not so much Amy Winehouse as her less emotionally wrenching contemporary Joss Stone – and, at the other, undemanding dance-pop topped by an immediately recognisable voice, the same idea that garnered M People vast success 20 years ago", Petridis concluded that "[y]ou can see why people relate to it, you can tell it's going to be huge: it is what pop is in 2018, but the feeling that pop can be something rather more than this is hard to shake." Will Hodgkinson of The Times gave the album the same rating, comparing tracks "No One" and "Broken" and their "teary verses and swelling choruses" to Adele but said the tracks "lack Adele's ability to evoke real feeling". He ultimately called the album "missing any real sense of character or expression." In a more positive review, Maura Johnston, writing for Rolling Stone, said "she's once again bridging the gap between bouncy pop-EDM and feisty soul, shaking off the malaise that's struck too many of her playlisted peers in a way that lets Glynne serve as a one-woman rooting crew for herself and, by extension, anyone in need of a peppy pick-me-up" and gave the album three and a half stars.
Commercial performance
In the United Kingdom, Always in Between debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, selling 36,500 album-equivalent units during its first week of release, with a total of 24,820 physical sales (67% of overall units). In doing so, she scored her second UK number-one album, while also becoming the first British female artist to achieve a number-one album in the country in 2018.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits from AllMusic.
Jess Glynne – vocals
Knox Brown – sampled vocals, keyboard, drums
Teniola Abosede – backing vocals
Angel Williams-Silvera – backing vocals
Jesse Appiah – backing vocals
Paul Burton – trombone
Kenji Fénton – saxophone
Mike Davis – flugelhorn
Toby Gad – guitar, bass, piano
Gregori Hofmann - Bass
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2018 albums
Jess Glynne albums
Atlantic Records albums
Albums produced by Louis Bell
Albums produced by Toby Gad
Albums produced by Steve Mac
Medusafissurella is a genus of minute deepwater keyhole limpets, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.
Etymology
In Greek mythology Medusa was a Gorgon, a monster with snakes for hair. The radiating tentacles in Medusafissuralla recall the serpentine locks of this monster.
Description
Medusafissurella is closely associated with Amblychilepas and Dendrofissurella with which it shares radular and shell characters. But Medusafissurella has a smaller body than the species in Amblychilepas, the genus to which it was previously assigned.
The body of species in Medusafissurella is larger than the shell. The anterior part of the shell is raised but is markedly narrowed. This character distinguishes Medusafissurella from most species in the genus Fissurella. The edge of the anterior shell is thinner and sharper than in the rest of the shell. The posterior end of the shell is not raised at all or only slightly raised. The opening at the apex (foramen) has an oval shape. The sculpture of the shell shows strong, scabrous ribs (= transverse folds) giving the impression of a rough surface with minute ribs. This character sets Medusafissurella apart from Amblychilepas and Dendrofissurella
The posterior portion of the foot is covered by the shell. The mantle folds only slightly envelop the edge of the shell. The foot also shows elaborate propodial processes at the propodium (front part of the foot) with numerous subequal (= nearly equal) radiating tentacles, that are sometimes branched, while in Dendrofissurella the tentacles have a single, main branching structure. The function of these tentacles is not well understood. They may serve to trap or hold food, but then they would be better attached to the snout above them instead of being attached to the propodium. The large outer lateral tooth of the radula is quadricuspid ( = with four cusps). The eyes are situated at the base of the cephalic tentacles.
Species
Medusafissurella chemnitzii, (Sowerby, 1835): East Africa and Arabian Sea
Medusafissurella dubia Reeve, 1849: Southern and eastern Africa
Medusafissurella melvilli (Sowerby, 1882)
Medusafissurella salebrosa (Reeve, 1850): Southwestern Africa
Species brought into synonymy
Medusafissurella gallagheri Smythe, 1988: synonym of Medusafissurella melvilli (G. B. Sowerby III, 1882)
References
Fissurellidae
Gastropods described in 1986
Current dioceses
All Roman Rite
Ecclesiastical province of Alger
Metropolitan Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Alger; united with the titular see of Iulia Caesarea (Ancient bishopric at Alger)
suffragan Roman Catholic Diocese of Constantine; united with the titular see of Hippo (Regius) (Ancient bishopric at Constantine)
suffragan Roman Catholic Diocese of Oran
Exempt
(Immediately subject to the Holy See)
Roman Catholic Diocese of Laghouat
Source and External links
GCatholic
See also
Catholicism in Algeria
Dioceses
Catholic dioceses
Algeria
is an Indonesian professional surfer. He won a silver medal for Indonesia at the Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines, while the gold medal was won by fellow Indonesian surfer, Oney Anwar. He was selected to represent Indonesia in the surfing category at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Personal life
Born to Indonesian father and Japanese mother, Waida lived in Japan until he was 5 years old before moving to Bali.
Career victories
References
External links
Rio Waida on WSL Championship Tour
2000 births
Living people
Indonesian surfers
Indonesian people of Japanese descent
Sportspeople of Japanese descent
People from Saitama Prefecture
Olympic surfers of Indonesia
Surfers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Indonesia
Southeast Asian Games medalists in surfing
21st-century Indonesian people
Died Young, Stayed Pretty is a 2008 documentary movie on underground indie-rock poster art and its subculture. The film was written, directed and produced by Eileen Yaghoobian who filmed on location in 30 different states from 2004 to 2007. It features posters for Radiohead, White Stripes, Arcade Fire, The Flaming Lips, The Melvins, Nick Cave, Broken Social Scene, Black Keys, Sonic Youth, Pearl Jam, Queens of the Stone Age, Bob Dylan and Marianne Faithfull. Poster artists whose work appear in the film include Ames Bros, Amy Jo Hendrickson, Dan Grzeca, Methane Studios, Todd Slater and Zachary Hobbs.
Showing
The film was an Official Selection of the 2009 SXSW Film Festival, 2008 Montreal World Film Festival and the 2009 San Diego Comic-Con International Film Festival. The film opened its theatrical run at the IFC Center (NYC) and ICA London (UK). Died Young, Stayed Pretty is a part of the permanent collection at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum in Cleveland, Ohio.
Music
Mark Greenberg of the band The Coctails created 16 original tracks for the film. Brian Chippendale of Lightning Bolt (band) and Black Pus are featured.
Reception
The film received mixed reviews with most reviewers praising the film's visual concept and some criticizing its disorganization, and some praised its free-form group portrait of people, Peter Rainer of NPR points to the films deconstruction as “Raw -- an outlaw movie about outlaw artists”. Ward Sutton of the Village Voice wrote that "Died Young Stayed Pretty is a captivating artifact of an era". Film critic V.A. Musetto of the New York Post gave the film three out of four stars writing, "Yaghoobian's nonlinear editing is as offbeat as the posters…She lets scenes run a few seconds longer than most directors would—to good effect". Dennis Harvey of Variety wrote that it "presents a lot of good art and entertaining personalities..., but lacks any organizing principal or precise point." Vadim Rizov of IndieWire/Spout published a very favorable review praising the editing structure, "Yaghoobian lives for tangents, by-ways, one-offs, weird interview interruptions and non sequiturs; this is the most-edited documentary I've seen in a while, and one of the best-edited too. She's amped up the non-linear, multi-dialectical logic of Fast, Cheap & Out Of Control to a faster tempo (if not as strangely affecting, it has an equally eccentric score by Mark Greenberg)." On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes the film is rated 63% based on the reviews of 30 critics.
References
Further reading
AIGA, Steve Heller, 06/23/09 "From Silkscreen to Silver Screen: An Interview with Eileen Yaghoobian" Interview by Steve Heller
Little White Lies, Adam Woodward, 13/10/09 "The Died Young, Stayed Pretty director sounds off on the surreal rock 'n' roll world of poster printing."
Globe and Mail, Rick Groen, 11/14/08 "Drawing inspiration from a motley crew"
Filmmaker Magazine, Nick Dawson, 07/17/09 "Eileen Yaghoobian, Died Young Stayed Pretty"
Spout, Vadim Rizov,03/15/2009,"DIED YOUNG, STAYED PRETTY review, SXSW 2009"
Twitch Film, Peter Martin 03/16/09 "SXSW 2009: DIED YOUNG, STAYED PRETTY Review"
Daily Telegraph, Tim Robey, 09/10/09 "Died Young, Stayed Pretty, review"
Shadows on the Wall, Rich Cline, 09/15/09 "Died Young Stayed Pretty"
Nashville Scene, Critic's Pick – Best in Nashville, D. Patrick Rodgers, 09/02/09 "Fascinating doc Died Young, Stayed Pretty takes a graphic look at flyer/print-making culture"
External links
Official website
American documentary films
2008 documentary films
2008 films
Documentary films about the visual arts
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Multiplacophora is a stem-group of chitons with a number of plates arranged in 7 rows along the body. They date to at least the Upper Cambrian, but two lower Cambrian fossils- Ocruranus and Trachyplax - may extend the range downwards.
Families and genera
Family Hercolepadidae Dzik, 1986
Genus Hercolepas Aurivillius, 1892
Genus Protobalanus Hall and Clarke, 1888
Family Strobilepidae Hoare and Mapes, 1995
Genus Aenigmatectus Hoare and Mapes, 1996
Genus Deltaplax Puchalski, Johnson, Kauffman and Eernisse, 2009
Genus Diadeloplax Hoare and Mapes, 1995
Genus Hannestheronia Vinther, Jell, Kampouris, Carney, Racicot & Briggs, 2012
Genus Polysacos Vendrasco, Wood and Runnegar, 2004
Genus Strobilepis Clarke in Hall and Clarke, 1888
References
Devonian animals
Late Devonian animals
Chitons
was a private junior college in Mito, Ibaraki, Japan, established in 1964. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1948.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1964
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Ibaraki Prefecture
1964 establishments in Japan
Free Willy is a 1993 American family drama film.
Free Willy or Free Willie may also refer to:
Free Willy (franchise)
Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home, the 1995 sequel to the 1993 film
Free Willy 3: The Rescue, the 1997 sequel to the 1995 film
Free Willy: Escape from Pirate's Cove, the 2010 sequel to the 1997 film
Free Willy (TV series), an animated series based on the 1993 film
"Free Willie", an episode of Due South TV series
Douglas Benjamin Watt (January 20, 1914 – September 29, 2009) was an American theater critic who spent nearly six decades covering Broadway theatre — and then Off Broadway and Off-Off-Broadway — for the Daily News and also reported on classical music and opera for The New Yorker. He helped establish Porgy and Bess as a classic after it failed in an earlier Broadway run and helped foster the careers of playwrights such as Eugene O'Neill and Tennessee Williams.
Early life and education
Watt was born on January 20, 1914, in the Bronx. He grew up in New Jersey, in both Hackensack and Ridgewood. After graduating early from high school, he enrolled at Cornell University and graduated at age 19.
Theater critic
Watt was hired as a copy boy by the Daily News in 1936. One of his first tasks at the paper was to transport images to the Daily News offices in Manhattan from the Lindbergh kidnapping trial in Flemington, New Jersey.
Beginning in the paper's drama department, he worked his way up to become its theater critic and he remained with the Daily News for over 50 years. After seeing a New Jersey revival of Porgy and Bess in 1941, he encouraged producer Cheryl Crawford to bring the show back to Broadway in a second run that doubled the length of its failed 1935 Broadway debut, and helped earn the play "its landmark place in theater history".
He served in the United States Army during World War II, stationed on Okinawa as a reporter for Stars and Stripes.
William Shawn of The New Yorker tried to hire Watt for the New Yorker in 1945 however Watt was unwilling to give up his beat as a newspaper theater critic and Shawn gave him a column at the New Yorker as a music critic.
In 1971 a favorable review from Watt of Jesus Christ Superstar helped director Andrew Lloyd Webber overcome a negative review from The New York Times and led the play to a lengthy run.
Watt not only covered Broadway, he was also a pianist and songwriter whose songs "After All These Years" and "Heaven Help Me" were recorded by Doris Day and Frankie Laine. He also worked with Duke Ellington on a play adapted from George Bernard Shaw's Caesar and Cleopatra. He was friends with composers Frank Loesser, Richard Rodgers and Kurt Weill, and helped spur the careers of Eugene O'Neill and Tennessee Williams. During his career at the Daily News, he was able to attend the 1949 debut of Death of a Salesman starring Lee J. Cobb in the title role of Willy Loman, as well as the 50th-anniversary production of the play with Brian Dennehy in the lead.
One of the founders of the Drama Desk Awards, Watt served on the nominating committee for both the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and the Tony Awards.
Death
Watt died at age 95 on September 29, 2009, in Southampton, New York because of pneumonia. At the time of his death, he resided in both Southampton and Manhattan. He was survived by his second wife, the former Ethel Madsen, as well as by two daughters, two sons, eight grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. His first marriage had been ended by divorce.
References
1914 births
2009 deaths
United States Army personnel of World War II
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
Songwriters from New Jersey
Songwriters from New York (state)
American music critics
American theater critics
Cornell University alumni
Deaths from pneumonia in New York (state)
Writers from Hackensack, New Jersey
People from Ridgewood, New Jersey
People from Southampton (town), New York
People from the Bronx
United States Army soldiers
20th-century American musicians
Journalists from New York City
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Neal Bledsoe (born March 26, 1981) is a Canadian and American actor, writer, and filmmaker.
Early life
Bledsoe was born in Toronto, but grew up in Seattle, Washington. Both of his grandfathers served in the Air Force during World War II and his maternal grandfather was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his part in the bombing of the Nazi oil refinery at Ploiești. He is the fourth cousins once removed of former NFL quarterback Drew Bledsoe. His mother was a life insurance underwriter and estate planner before becoming an executive for a company that worked all over the world. His father has a PhD in Sociology from the University of Toronto where he studied under the philosopher Marshall McLuhan.
He moved fourteen times around Seattle area growing up, living in Magnolia, Ballard, Fremont, Edmonds, Magnolia again, Ravenna, Downtown, Queen Anne, West Seattle, Queen Anne again, Fremont again, Queen Anne a third time, Bainbridge Island and Capitol Hill. He attended Roosevelt High School (Seattle) and Garfield High School (Seattle) in Seattle, including a brief stint at Ascent within the CEDU system of schools, before finally graduating from the Shawnigan Lake School and then spending a post-graduate year at the Idyllwild Arts Academy, to grow as an actor and a writer. It was at the last of these two schools where he began to first publish his writing.
He went on to study at the prestigious North Carolina School of the Arts where he was mentored by the renowned theater director, Gerald Freedman, earning a BFA in 2005.
Career
Actor
Bledsoe got a quick start out of school, booking a pilot opposite Kelly Lynch less than a month after leaving school. He worked steadily for the next few years, until he had his breakthrough in 2009 on Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty. He then went on to star on the shows Law and Order: SVU, Smash, Ironside, The Man in the High Castle, The Mysteries of Laura, Timeless, Code Black and most recently, Shameless.
He has won several awards for his work in independent films such as Junction, West End and After the Sun Fell. He also has appeared in both Revolutionary Road and Sex and the City 2 in blink-and-you'll-miss-him types of roles. Recently, he starred opposite Val Kilmer in the western A Soldier's Revenge.
On the stage, he worked on the Broadway production of Impressionism, the world premiere of Stephen Wadsworth's Figaro Plays at the McCarter Theatre and Michael Arden's award-winning production of The Pride at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts.
He appeared in several campaigns for Tiffany and Co, opposite Dutch model, Doutzen Kroes.
He also was an Old Spice Man.
Writer
As a writer, he has written films, poems, short stories, cartoons, essays and articles . In 2014, he became a contributor to Sports Illustrated's MMQB. His long-form series, The Delicate Moron, chronicled his attempt to play for the Los Angeles Kiss of the Arena Football League. Recently, he published a profile in Men's Health magazine on former NFL running back and Ballers writer, Rashard Mendenhall.
Filmmaker
In 2015, he received a commission to write and direct and star in the short film Primary. The film examines the subject of open relationships and was heavily influenced by the work of John Cassavetes, Esther Perel and Helen Fisher, as well as months of extensive interviews with a diverse range of people from across the relationship spectrum.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1981 births
21st-century Canadian male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male musical theatre actors
American male soap opera actors
American male television actors
Canadian expatriate male actors in the United States
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male musical theatre actors
Canadian male soap opera actors
Canadian male television actors
Living people
Male actors from Seattle
Male actors from Toronto
University of North Carolina School of the Arts alumni
The Rock is a studio album by the Polish progressive rock band SBB. The album was released on 29 October 2007 by the label Metal Mind Productions. It was the band's first album with drummer , previously a member of the groups Scorpió and . The album reached No. 30 on the OLiS chart in Poland.
Track listing
Bonus tracks:
Personnel
Józef Skrzek – vocals, bass guitar, keyboards
Apostolis Anthimos – guitar
– drums, percussion
Tamás Somló – vocals (9)
Charts
References
2007 albums
SBB (band) albums
The Ministry of Commerce (MOC) is the Burmese government agency plays a vital role in the transformation process of the implementation of a market-oriented economic system. Its headquarters is located at Building 3 and 52, Nay Pyi Taw, in Myanmar.
Departmental bodies
Office of the Minister
Department of Trade
Department of Consumer Affairs
Department of Trade Promotion Organization
History
From the time of independence in 1948 up to 1962, foreign trade was conducted by the following boards and corporations:
Union of Burma Purchase Board
Civil Supplies Administration Board
Electrical Supplies Board
State Agricultural Marketing Board
State Timber Board
Cooperatives
Joint venture corporations
Defence Service Institute
Burma Economic Development Corporation
Private traders
Establishment of Trade Council
In 1964, wholesale shops, broker houses, companies, department stores and warehouses all over the country were nationalised. In 1965, the Trade Council was established and the following trade organisations were set up under the Ministry of Trade:
Central trade
22 trade corporations
14 state/divisional trade offices
283 township trade offices
1942 people's shops
In 1976, in accordance with the economic policy of the Burma Socialist Programme Party the trade organisations were reformed as follows:
Department of Trade
11 trading corporations and their divisional/branch offices, factories/workshops
14 state/divisional trade offices
New establishments after 1988
To be in line with the changing economic system, in 1989 the Department of Trade was changed to the Directorate of Trade with extended functions and responsibilities.
In 1989–90 the following domestic and foreign joint ventures were set up and operated:
Domestic joint ventures
Joint Venture Corporation No. 1 Ltd.
Joint Venture Corporation No. 2 Ltd.
Joint Venture Corporation No. 3 Ltd.
Joint Venture Corporation No. 4 Ltd.
Joint Venture Corporation No. 5 Ltd.
Joint Venture Corporation No. 6 Ltd.
Joint Venture Corporation No. 7 Ltd.
Joint Venture Corporation No. 8 Ltd.
Joint Venture Corporation No. 9 Ltd.
Northern Shan State JV Co., Ltd.
Myanmar Citizens' Bank Ltd.
Foreign joint ventures
Myanmar Rice Engineering Co., Ltd.
Myanmar Malaysia International Ltd.
Myanmar Motor Ltd.
Myanmar Singapore International Ltd.
Myanmar Borneo Ltd.
Myanmar Inotech Ltd.
Myanmar Chan Ltd.
Myanmar Tokyo Maruichi International Ltd.
Myanmar Natsteel Hardware Ltd.
Myanmar Inspection and Testing Services
In 1992, the Hotel and Tourism Corporation was upgraded to ministry-level and the relevant organisations, the Foodstuff and Beverages Enterprise and Hotel and Tourism Services were transferred to the Ministry of Hotel and Tourism. In 1993 the Company Registration Office, Companies Control Department and the international Organisation Sections (GATT/WTO) under the Directorate of Trade were transferred to the newly-established ministry, the Ministry of National Planning and Economic Development. In 1996 the Ministry of Trade was changed to the Ministry of Commerce with a view to implement economic activities for the development of the national economy. In 1996 the Ministry of Commerce established the Department of Border Trade and it currently has 10 branch offices at the borders of neighbouring countries. In 1997 the International Organisation Section, including WTO, was retransferred from the Ministry of National Planning and Economic Development to the Ministry of Commerce.
Re-organisational activities under the Ministry of Commerce
Since 1998, six trading organisations and two service enterprises under the Ministry of Commerce have been abolished. Domestic and foreign joint ventures were also abolished except Myanmar Citizens' Bank Ltd. and Myanmar Inspection and Testing Services Ltd.
The Ministry of Commerce created a motto of Advance Forward Through Commerce and it has been conducting various activities for the development of the national economy. The Ministry of Commerce has also restructured the following departments to be in line with the adopted market-oriented economy since 1 April 1998:
Office of the Minister
Directorate of Trade
Department of Border Trade
Myanma Agricultural Produce Trading
Department of Trade
There were the following departments:
International Trade Promotion Department
Planning & Statistics Department
Export Department
Import Department
Export Import Policy and Registration Department
Accounts Department
Administration & Training Department
Department of Consumer Affairs
Department of Consumer Affairs was established on 1 April 2016. There were the following divisions:
Division of Administration
Division of Accounts
Division of Policy Review, Planning & Statistics
Division of IT and Quality Management
Division of Product Safety
Division of Consumer Affairs
State and Regional Branch offices
District Level Offices
Vision
To further strengthen the existing friendship between the two countries
To promote border trade between the two countries putting it in line with normal trade
To get the reasonable revenue for the state
To facilitate private business activities thereby allowing them to acquire reasonable profits
To enhance the smooth flow of commodities
Mission
To increase the volume of trade year after year
To get the targeted revenue fully
To be free from corruption
Official border trade points
Unofficial border trade points
Myanmar Agricultural Produce Trading
Myanma Agricultural Produce Trading (MAPT) is a government organisation under the Ministry of Commerce.
MAPT has laid down the following six main objectives:
To generate more foreign exchange income for the development of the national economy
To explore new cultivable land and organise extensive cultivation
To assist the enhancement of better quality crop production and strive for export promotion
To promote new exportable products
To develop the rice milling industries
To successfully implement the state policies with regard to agricultural produce
Organisation
The managing director is the head of MAPT.
Under Myanmar Agricultural Produce Trading (MAPT), there were the following departments:
Paddy and Rice Department
Pulse Beans & Other Crops Department
Milling, Engineering, Bran Oil Mail & Project Department
Export Department
Movement Department
Planning & Finance Department
Administration Department
Inspection Department
State/Divisional Offices, District Offices and Township Offices
Within the organisational set-up of MAPT, there are 4 functional departments as follows:
Warehousing, Handling and Export Department, Grain Department, Milling, Engineering & Bran Oil Mills Department, and the Administration Department. The Post-harvest Technology Application Centre (PTAC) under MAPT undertakes post-harvest activities, research, development and extension (RDX) works especially including food grains, fruits and vegetables and issuance of certificates relating to the quality of crops and analytical results of chemical compositions, pesticide residue, aflatoxins etc.
MAPT renders its assistance to private sectors in the following activities:
Extends its fullest co-operations relating to exports of grains and imports of commodity from abroad
Assists to obtain the quick result relating to various laboratory test
Provides necessary assistance for rice milling industry and oil processing industry
MAPT Operations
MAPT assists the in following steps relating to export business that are allowed by the state to the private sector, especially grains exports, the export of new commodities, and import business:
Undertakes the various steps of the exporting business, commencing from searching the markets for export commodities to the final negotiation stage of the shipping documents
Renders its services to make each processing step relating to import flow smoothly
Undertakes all necessary steps relating to the shipment of export commodities
Carries out rental services for warehouses if necessary
Undertakes pest control services for grain storage
Assists necessary work to producers to become successful exporters
MAPT undertakes the following activities relating to the inspection services of exported goods and imported goods:
Conducts preshipment inspection of commodities for export and inspection of imported commodities relating to quality/specifications, quantity, weight, measurement, packing and marking, etc.
Issue certificates of laboratory analysis and testing
Conducts inspection and surveying services for exporters and importers with reasonable service charges for mutual benefits
Undertakes laboratory analysis and testing of soil and water, quality of food grains and extends technical assistance on post-harvest technology
MAPT conducts services relating to analysis and testing of soil and water:
Undertakes analysis relating to the physical quality of food grain; milling quality; fibre content; contents of dust, husk, sand and other admixture; contents of discoloured grains, etc.
Undertakes analysis and testing of the qualities of food grain such as moisture content; composition of ash, protein, starch/carbohydrate; fibre and other chemical composition, etc.
Undertakes analysis and testing for aflatoxin contamination
Undertakes analysis and testing of quality of oil and oil crops, colour condition, specific gravity, oil colour test, cloud point, moisture content, fat, acidity, etc.
Extends technical assistance on pest control services
MAPT undertakes the following services relating to the milling of rice, and construction and maintenance of rice mills:
Follows rice milling activities for effective improvement in quality with reasonable affordable charges.
Milling paddy to white rice
Milling brown rice to white rice
Remilling of rice
Recleaning of rice and broken rice
Milling paddy to brown rice
Assists private entrepreneurs who wish to construct new rice mills, improving development of existing rice mills and maintenance of existing rice mills
Manufactures and sells mobile and low-cost small rice mills
Assists private sector with rice milling technology
MAPT undertakes the following services relating to edible rice bran oil mills:
Conducts nrocorry of edible rice bran oil with reasonable charges.
Removes the colour and odour from various types of edible oil and ensures purity of oil.
Extracts oil from soyabeans, purifies raw palm oil and extracts oil from expelled cakes (groundnut cake, sesame cake) by using the chemical solvent extraction method.
MAPT undertakes the following machinery installation services to upgrade the quality of food grains:
Cleans paddy machines and beans
Dries paddy machines and other grains
MAPT also renders the following engineering services:
Converts cars with diesel and petrol engines as well as LPG cars to the CNG system
Conducts design services for modern and concentrated warehouse designs
Conducts consultancy services relating to the drawing of building designs and estimating construction costs for rice mills and bran oil mills
Ministers of Commerce
U Kyaw Myint (1948–1949)
U Kyaw Myint (1950–1952)
U Rashid (1954-1956, 1960-1962)
Brigade General Aung Gyi (1962–1963)
Colonel Chit Myaing (1963–1964)
Brigade General Tin Pe (1964–1971)
Colonel Maung Lwin (1971–1974)
U San Win (1974–1976)
U Hla Aye (1976–1978)
U Ye Daung (1978–1978)
U Khin Maung Gyi (1978–1988)
Colonel David Abel (1988–1992)
General Tun Kyi (1992–1997)
General Kyaw Than (1997–1999)
Brigade General Pyaih Sone (1999–2004)
Brigade General Tin Naing Thein (2004–2011)
Win Myint (2011–2016)
Than Myint (2016–2021)
Pwint San (2021–present)
External links
Commerce
Myanmar
Economy of Myanmar
1948 establishments in Burma
Ministries established in 1948
Canoe Mountain is a stratigraphic ridge in central Pennsylvania, United States, running east of the Allegheny Front and west of Tussey Mountain. It forms a continuous ridge with Brush Mountain to the west. To the south, across the water gap formed by the Frankstown Branch Juniata River, the ridgeline continues as Lock Mountain.
The northern part of Canoe Mountain forms the border between Blair County and Huntingdon County.
Pennsylvania State Game Lands Number 166 lies on Brush Mountain south of Sinking Hollow and on Canoe Mountain and the valley between.
Geology
Canoe Mountain is in the western part of the Ridge and Valley province of the Appalachian Mountains. Tussey Mountain, to the east, is made up of Paleozoic rocks, consisting of Ordovician Bald Eagle Formation (sandstone), Juniata Formation (shale), and Silurian Tuscarora Formation (Quartzite) that were folded during the Appalachian orogeny in the Permian period, then eroded down to their present form.
The Tuscarora Quartzite is more resistant to erosion than the Bald Eagle Sandstone, and both are more resistant than the Juniata formation between them or the other formations stratigraphically above and below them. The two sandstones thus form a double ridge line with the harder Tuscarora at the crest.
Canoe Mountain and the southern spur of Brush Mountain form a syncline.
References
Ridges of Pennsylvania
Ridges of Blair County, Pennsylvania
This is a timeline of incidents in 1987 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
References
1987
1987
1987
Terr
Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu Hyōhō (天眞正自源流兵法) is a koryu (ancient martial art) specializing in iaijutsu (quick-draw sword art) and kenjutsu (swordsmanship) founded by Tose Yosazaemon Osamune around the Eiroku Era (1558- 1570). The system also teaches Yawara (柔), Naginata (長刀) Sōjutsu (槍術) and Nagamaki (長巻) as part of the curriculum. The current headmaster of the Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu (as of 2019) is the 16th (30th) sōke Takahashi Tamon (髙橋多聞).
History
According to the written scrolls passed down within the successors of the school, Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu traces back its roots to Jigensai Kazutō Jiichibō (自源齋一任自一坊), founder of Hakugen Ryu (白源流) in the 10th century. His techniques were based on Kashima no Tachi Shinmyoken (鹿島之太刀神妙剣), which was created by Kunima Masato (國摩真人) in the early 5thcentury and it is regarded as the first sword school of Japan.
Hakugen Ryu was inherited by the Minamoto clan (源氏), Oide clan, Urabe clan (Priests of Kashima), and finally Yaobettō Kenko (八尾別當顕幸) also known as Yaobettō Kaneyuki, the 14th inheritor. Yaobettō integrated the theories of Hakugen Ryu and Minamoto Ryu (源流) and called it Jiken Ryu (自顕流).
The Tenshisho Jigen Ryu Hyōhō (天眞正自源流兵法) was founded by Tose Yosazaemon Osamune (十瀬 与三左衛門 長宗, c. 1540- c. 1600) around the Eiroku Era (1558-1570). Tose was a land-holding samurai from Hitachi province in Japan. He inherited the scrolls of Jiken ryu from Yaobettō Kenko and, in his twenties, he traveled to Katori Shrine where he came under the instruction of Iizasa Wakasa no Kami Morinobu, the third headmaster of the Tenshin Shoden Katori Shinto Ryu. After five years of training he received a menkyo kaiden (license of mastery). After completing his training in Katori he moved on to continue his studies at Kashima Shrine where he underwent a spiritual ordeal and received, via an oracle, a catalog of martial techniques in a divine inspiration from Takemikazuchi. In addition, he received a vision of technique so swift that with it he could cut a flying swallow out of the air. From this inspiration he named his new system Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu, taking the “Tenshinsho” (true and correct transmission from the deity of Katori Shrine- Futsunushi) from the Tenshin Shoden Katori Shinto Ryu, and adding the term “self-power revelation” (Jigen) which had come to him after his spiritual ordeal at Kashima Shrine. From this point, the version of the lineage described in the school tradition differs from other sources.
In these sources, Tose's student, Kaneko Shinkuro Morisada (金子 新九郎 盛貞, c. 1520- c. 1585), would eventually carry on the tradition by becoming the second headmaster. The third headmaster of the Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu Hyōhō would be Terasaka Yakuro Masatsune (赤坂 弥九郎 政雅, 1567- 1594), also known by his Buddhist dharma name, Zenkitsu (善吉, also read Zenkichi). He was the chief Buddhist priest of the Tennji Temple near Kyoto. Although his life was short lived he did manage to pass on the Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu to Togo Shigekata (東郷 重位, 1560- 1643), a samurai from the Satsuma domain, who after 3 years of having returned to Satsuma synthesized the Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu with the Taisha Ryu to create the Jigen Ryu.
According to tradition, the Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu would remain a well-kept secret in the Satsuma clan through the Jigen Ryu and Yakumaru Jigen Ryu lines, and passed down through a series of dai (a line of headmasters not related by blood) for nearly 400 years.
In 1963, the Tenshisho Jigen Ryu would see a revival under the 27th headmaster, Ueno Yasuyuki Genshin (上野 靖之 源心, 1913- 1972), when he began instructing at the Shobukan in Asakusa, Tokyo until his death in 1972. Ueno would pass on the Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu to his two sons, Ueno Kagenori Genki (上野 景範 源己) and Ueno Takashi Doushin (上野 貴史 童心). They later succeeded Ueno in becoming the 28th and 29th headmasters. Ueno would also instruct Kawabata Terutaka (河端 照孝, b. 1940) who went on to create the Ryushin Shouchi Ryu.
Today, Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu has its headquarters in Saitama Prefecture. It is headed by 29th headmaster, Ueno Takashi Doushin, and Ueno Kagenori, the present headmaster of the school. Ueno Kagenori has conducted several seminars outside Japan, specifically in West Virginia, North Carolina and Florida, U.S.A.
Lineage
}}
Philosophy
The philosophy of Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu is to have pride in the five virtues and to cultivate the spirit of simplicity and fortitude.
These five virtues are represented on the different parts of the Japanese sword.
The spirit of simplicity and fortitude is often represented by a special four character idiom, Shitsu Jitsu Gou Ken (質実剛健), which translates as “Unaffected and sincere, with fortitude and vigor”
References
External links
Official Tenshinsho Jigen Ryu Hyohou website
Official website in German
Official website in Swedish
Ko-ryū bujutsu
Japanese martial arts
Japanese swordsmanship
USS Luster (IX‑82), was a yacht which served in the United States Navy as a patrol boat during World War II.
She was built as Ko‑Asa in 1936 by M. M. Davis & Sons of Solomons, Maryland, and purchased by the Navy from George Marshall Allen of New York City on 21 July 1942; and placed in service on 14 August 1942.
Service history
Renamed Luster on 2 September 1942, the converted yacht was assigned to the 7th Naval District Local Defense Force, Port Everglades section, on 14 August. She was attached to the Gulf Sea Frontier Force primarily for ASW patrols on the east coast of Florida.
She was placed out of service on 24 March 1943, and assigned to the Supervisor of Salvage, USN, Miami, on 22 January 1944 to be operated by Merritt-Chapman & Scott Corp. with a civilian crew.
She was placed out of service a second time on 26 June 1944 and laid up at Coast Guard Patrol Base, Port Everglades. She was transferred to the War Shipping Administration on 20 December 1944 and sold.
References
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in Solomons, Maryland
1936 ships
MSK may refer to the following:
Marinestosstruppkompanie, German naval assault troops
Marske railway station, England, National Rail station code
Medullary sponge kidney
Medvedev–Sponheuer–Karnik scale, a macroseismic intensity scale
Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center
Minimum-shift keying radio modulation
Mohammad Sidique Khan, a perpetrator of the July 2005 London bombings
Moscow
Moscow Time
Common abbreviation for Human musculoskeletal system
Museum of Fine Arts, Ghent (Museum voor Schone Kunsten), Belgium
Premier Sports, UK TV channel, formerly MSK
MSK (professional wrestling), a professional wrestling tag team
Walter Mosley is an American lawyer who specializes in entertainment, media and technology at Mosley and Associates. Mosley represented Blac Chyna in a lawsuit against Kim Kardashian in 2018. As the case progressed in court, Mosley reportedly received threats to life from unnamed persons on social media platform, Instagram for leading the case against Kardashian. In 2017, Mosley was the attorney who represented DeMario Jackson, a contestant in Bachelor In Paradise show on ABC's dating series in a ligation against abrupt shutting down of the program. He is a graduate of Harvard Law School.
Education and career
Mosley earned a first degree in computer engineering from the University of Michigan (1996–2000) and later received an MSc in information, economics and management, majoring in incentive-centered design. He holds a JD from Harvard Law School (2005). He is a member of the California and New York states bars as well as the Federal Tax Court and the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.
He began his legal career as a clerk to Judge Damon J. Keith on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. His legal practice centered on Labor & Employment, Corporate Transactions, Entertainment, Hospitality and Real Estate. Mosley represents Debbie Allen Dance Academy – a Los Angeles-based non-profit organization. Before venturing into entertainment and media law practice, he spent four years as a corporate lawyer in the Los Angeles and New York offices of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and was Head of Business Affairs and General Counsel at Smith Global, Inc. (a Smith Family entertainment company) for two years.
He had a stint in engineering profession when he worked with Intel Corporation as a chip designer and software engineer and later moved to telecommunication firms in Nigeria, Ghana and South Africa.
References
Harvard Law School alumni
Lawyers from New York City
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Michigan alumni
Smim Sawhtut (, ; died August 1550) was a pretender to the Hanthawaddy throne, who assassinated King Tabinshwehti of Toungoo. The ethnic Mon governor of Sittaung was a minister in the court of Tabinshwehti, who had conquered the Mon-speaking Hanthawaddy Pegu in 1539. He became a close confidant of the king. On 30 April 1550, he lured the king to the region near Pantanaw in the Irrawaddy delta to search for a white elephant—considered auspicious by the Burmese, and there assassinated him.
After the assassination, Smim Sawhtut returned to Sittaung, and proclaimed himself king. About a month a half later, the ethnic Mon ministers at the capital Pegu (Bago) then drove out Minkhaung, Bayinnaung's brother who was there as the interim governor while Tabinshwehti and Bayinnaung were away. (Bayinnaung was away in the delta, chasing Smim Htaw, another pretender to the throne.) The ministers then invited Sawhtut, though not of royal lineage, to take the throne, thus restoring the Mon lineage of the dynasty.
At Pegu, Sawhtut proved a tyrant as king, and soon alienated the goodwill of the people had felt for a king of their own ethnicity. The ministers then secretly invited Smim Htaw, who had been driven out of the delta by Bayinnaung, and had since fled to Martaban, to Pegu. (Bayinnaung was back in his home town of Toungoo in the north, preparing for the reconquest.) Smim Htaw collected a large body of men, and marched to Pegu. The two sides fought a battle outside the capital. Smim Htaw's side was victorious. Smim Sawhtut was captured and beheaded.
References
Hanthawaddy dynasty
1550 deaths
Burmese people of Mon descent
Year of birth unknown
16th-century Burmese monarchs
The Amateur Second Division () comprises a number of football leagues that make up the eighth and lowest tier of the Turkish football league system. Each province has its own league.
See also
Süper Lig
TFF First League
TFF Second League
TFF Third League
Turkish Regional Amateur League
Türkiye Kupası – Turkish cup (since 1962–63)
References
6
Turk
The Mackeson Baronetcy, of Hythe in the County of Kent, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 29 January 1954 for the Conservative politician Harry Mackeson. He served as Secretary for Overseas Trade from 1952 to 1953. As of 2010 the title is held by his son, the second Baronet, who succeeded in 1964. He is an author using the pseudonym Rupert Collens.
Mackeson baronets, of Hythe (1954)
Sir Harry Ripley Mackeson, 1st Baronet (1905–1964)
Sir Rupert Henry Mackeson, 2nd Baronet (born 1941). There is no heir to the baronetcy.
Notes
Mackeson
Kiseljak (Кисељак) is a town and municipality located in Central Bosnia Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It lies in the valley of the Fojnica River, the Lepenica and the Kreševka River, which are a tributary of the Bosna, and it is on the intersection of roads from Visoko, Fojnica, Kreševo and Rakovica.
Settlements
Demographics
1971
18,335 total
Croats - 10,389 (56.66%)
Bosniaks - 6,822 (37.20%)
Serbs - 924 (5.03%)
Yugoslavs - 55 (0.29%)
Others - 145 (0.82%)
1991
In 1991 the population of the Kiseljak municipality (164 km2) was 24,426, of which 51.61% were Croats, 40.92% Bosniaks, 3.11% Serbs, 2.48% Yugoslavs and 1.88% others. The town itself had a population of 6,598, of which 60% Croats, 29% Bosniaks, 3% Serbs, 5% Yugoslavs and 4% others.
2013 Census
Sports
The town is home to the football club NK Kiseljak.
Notable people
Branko Pleša, actor
International relations
Twin towns – Sister cities
Kiseljak is twinned with:
Kaštela, Croatia
Kópháza, Hungary
Zaprešić, Croatia
References
External links
Populated places in Kiseljak
Cities and towns in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Vello Vinn (born 4 October 1939) is an Estonian printmaker.
Life and work
Vello Vinn was born in Sõrve, Saaremaa on 4 October 1939. He studied English philology at the University of Tartu in 1959 to 1962, and art in the Estonian Academy of Arts from 1963 to 1968 where he graduated in the field of glass art. In 1968 he promptly ditched glass for print. His specialty became etching and drypoint. In the nineties he participated in the Estonian 'PARA'-Surrealist movement (Eller 1996; Kaevats 1998; Helme and Kangilaski 1999). The works of Vello Vinn form a noteworthy example of the oeuvre of an Estonian printmaker from the late 1960s and early 1970s, and they boast a holistic and emphatically unique image system. Vinn's highly original visual world is grounded in his mastery of various printmaking techniques, delicate treatment of images and witty associations. The artist's play with space and images,
his ability to notice details and different levels of meaning and to put together a new whole out of these details offer the public a unique viewing experience. Besides playful images, Vinn's prints often present witty wordplay and warm absurd humour, which invite viewers to join in the artist's thought and creative processes (Taidre 2020).
Solo exhibitions
This is only a partial listing.
Tallinn (Estonia) 1970,1977, 1984,1989,1992, 1994,1996,1996, 2006, 2009, 2011, 2014, 2019, 2020
Tartu together with (Estonia) 2020
Kuressaare (Estonia) 1980, 1995
Rapla (Estonia) 1983
Vilnius (Lithuania) 1985
Helsinki (Finland) 1987
Brandenburg (Germany) 1989
Paldiski (Estonia) 1997–98
Frederikshavn (Denmark) 2012
Awards
Prix d`Emona IX Ljubljana Biennial of Graphic Arts, 1971
Diploma II Tallinn Print Triennial, 1971
Special prize V ja VII Tallinn Print Triennial, 1980, 1986
Special prize, Vilnius Biennale of Exlibris 1979,1981,1983, diploma 1993
Diploma, I Miniature Prints Triennal in Riga 1983
Special prize II Artist's Book Triennial Vilnius 1984
Main prize V Vilnius Biennale of Exlibris 1985
Gold Point Uzice V International Graphic Art Biennale, Dry Point, Uzice (Yugoslavia), 2001
Gold Point Uzice VI International Graphic Art Biennale, Dry Point, Uzice (Serbia and Montenegro), 2003
Kristjan Raud Prize, Tallinn, 2015
Lifetime achievement award from the Cultural Endowment of Estonia, Tallinn, 2021
Gallery
References
Sources
Eller, M.-I. 1996. Bibliographic lexicon of Estonian Art and Architecture. Tallinn, p. 594-595.
Kaevats, Ü. 1998. Estonian Encyclopedia 10. Tallinn, Entsüklopeedia Kirjastus, p. 445.
Helme, S. and Kangilaski, J. 1999. Short history of Estonian art. Tallinn, p. 188,204,206.
Taidre, E. (ed.). 2020. Vello Vinn. Eesti Kunstimuuseum, Tallinn, 224 pp.
Further reading
Taidre, E. (ed.). 2020. Vello Vinn. Eesti Kunstimuuseum, Tallinn, 224 pp.
External links
Vello Vinn in Art Museum of Estonia
1939 births
Living people
People from Saaremaa Parish
20th-century Estonian male artists
21st-century Estonian male artists
Graphic artists
Estonian Academy of Arts alumni
Wallacetown is a small town in Southland, in the South Island of New Zealand. Wallacetown is to the west of Invercargill, on high ground between the Makarewa and Ōreti rivers, near the Ōreti's estuary. Both rivers are popular for trout and whitebait fishing. It is considered to be a satellite town of Invercargill. It is served by State Highway 99, which skirts the town's northern edge.
Demographics
Wallacetown is described as a rural settlement by Statistics New Zealand. It covers , and is part of the much larger Wallacetown statistical area.
Wallacetown had a population of 717 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 36 people (5.3%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 105 people (17.2%) since the 2006 census. There were 270 households. There were 369 males and 342 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.08 males per female, with 168 people (23.4%) aged under 15 years, 111 (15.5%) aged 15 to 29, 339 (47.3%) aged 30 to 64, and 93 (13.0%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 91.2% European/Pākehā, 10.9% Māori, 0.8% Pacific peoples, 2.9% Asian, and 2.9% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 57.7% had no religion, 34.3% were Christian and 1.7% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 48 (8.7%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 141 (25.7%) people had no formal qualifications. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 330 (60.1%) people were employed full-time, 60 (10.9%) were part-time, and 24 (4.4%) were unemployed.
Wallacetown statistical area
Wallacetown statistical area covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
The statistical area had a population of 1,173 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 15 people (1.3%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 117 people (11.1%) since the 2006 census. There were 441 households. There were 609 males and 567 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.07 males per female. The median age was 39.3 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 243 people (20.7%) aged under 15 years, 204 (17.4%) aged 15 to 29, 591 (50.4%) aged 30 to 64, and 138 (11.8%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 90.3% European/Pākehā, 11.3% Māori, 1.8% Pacific peoples, 3.8% Asian, and 2.8% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 8.4%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 53.2% had no religion, 37.6% were Christian, 0.5% were Muslim and 1.5% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 96 (10.3%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 231 (24.8%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $38,800, compared with $31,800 nationally. 153 people (16.5%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 576 (61.9%) people were employed full-time, 108 (11.6%) were part-time, and 33 (3.5%) were unemployed.
Education
Wallacetown School is a contributing primary school for years 1 to 6 with a roll of as of The school celebrated its centennial in 1965.
References
Populated places in Southland, New Zealand
Leptolingia is an extinct genus of lacewing insect, which existed in what is now China during the Middle Jurassic period. It contains the species L. jurassica, L. tianyiensis, L. calonervis, and L. imminuta. L. imminuta is the smallest known species in the family Grammolingiidae.
References
Prehistoric insect genera
Neuroptera genera
Fossil taxa described in 2011
Insects described in 2011
Insects of China
Jurassic insects of Asia
Middle Jurassic insects
SoFlo Superflat describes an art genre started in Miami in the 1990s. It is an urban pop art movement in South Florida that combines super bright colors and ultra flat images. The subject matters are very diverse. It is an outcrop of the Japanese Superflat movement, founded by the artist Takashi Murakami.
Description
These artists emphasize outlines and flat areas of color. What is important is the feeling of flatness. Many of the artists involved in SoFlo Superflat art believe that the culture in SoFlo is not three-dimensional; therefore, it can be better interpreted in very flat brightly colored two-dimensional images. SoFlo Superflat was born out of the compression of genres which is shown through the pop-inflected work of younger artists. The artists in this genre have very specific styles that can be best described as a consistent pictorial language. Repetition of images and pattern is used create a signature look. For example, Britto's "squiggle lines" and geometric patterns are consistent themes in his work. Artists whose work is regarded as "SoFlo Superflat" include: Britto, Caron Bowman, Raul Cremata, Ceron, Ed King, and Jose Alvares.
This new generation of artist does not think about what is art or what is illustration or what is graffiti. Faced with a level of economic uncertainty, SoFlo Superflat artists create their own version of popular culture to draw attention to the dominance of the media, entertainment and consumption.
References
A splash of pop, "South Florida Business Journal" 21.49 (2001): 35. General OneFile. Web. 23 June 2011.
Broder-Singer, Rochelle. "Museum of Contemporary Art." Florida Trend June 2011: 25. General OneFile. Web. 23 June 2011.
Superflat Miami "Three Studios" superflat http://ennuics.org/2011/04/07/three-studios-superflat
In Miami, Art Without Angst https://www.nytimes.com/2007/02/04/fashion/04britto.html?pagewanted=all
External links
Examples of Soflo Superflat Style by Caron
http://www.ceronart.com
Contemporary art movements
1990s in art
Culture of Miami
Navy Commodore Anthony E. Oguguo was military governor of Imo State in Nigeria from 1990 to 1992 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
During his administration, Imo State airport was commissioned and built and still operates today. He very famously said "I saw money and looked away, it is not everything; we can all do the same and teach it to our children."
His administration took a strong hold with Trade Unions. In 1991, he demanded a list of absentee workers who were striking for a minimum wage of N380.
As governor, he commissioned the 100 bed Osina Community hospital in 1991.
He was a member of the Provisional Ruling Council (PRC), and was involved in the decisions about the transition to democracy, leading to the short-lived Nigerian Third Republic.
He was a member of a coalition of Enugu State elders who spoke out against the government for alleged involvement in the killing of 14 Catholic worshippers at the Government Technical College in March 2002. They were protesting state action against a church leader.
In August 2002, he was an aspirant to be a governorship candidate for Enugu State on All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP) platform.
By January 2003, the ANPP had still not settled on their candidate.
Anthony Oguguo and two others walked out of the primary convention over alleged discrepancies on delegates lists, and the remaining candidate Chief Fidel Ayogu was announced the winner but failed to win in the general elections.
In April 2009, he transferred his allegiance to the ruling People's Democratic Party (PDP).
In October 2009, he was among PDP elders who criticized the actions of Enugu State governor Sullivan Chime in his feud with Joseph Onoh, son of the former Anambra State governor Christian Onoh.
References
Governors of Imo State
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Anatoliy Yuriyovych Mokrenko (; 22 January 1933 – 24 March 2020) was a Ukrainian operatic baritone who appeared internationally. He was also the director of the National Opera of Ukraine and a professor at the Petro Tchaikovsky National Music Academy of Ukraine.
Life and career
Born Anatoliy Yuriyovych Mokrenko in a village near Terni in the Sumy district, he studied at the Kyiv Polytechnic Institute to become an engineering geologist, graduating in 1956. He worked for eight years in the Caucasus, in Northern Urals, Crimea, the Carpathians and in South Ukraine. He studied voice simultaneously at the Kyiv State Conservatory with Nikolai Zubarev and Alexandra Grodzinska, graduating in 1963.
He was a soloist of the National Opera of Ukraine from 1968 to 1996, also touring internationally. He performed around 40 leading roles and made recordings, also for radio and television. He took part in the 1975 world premiere of Heorhiy Maiboroda's Yaroslav Mudriy, which was recorded in 1982. In 1978, he was the baritone soloist in a recording of Prokofiev's music for Ivan the Terrible, with Irina Arkhipova (mezzo-soprano), speaker Boris Morgunov, the Ambrosian Chorus and the Philharmonia Orchestra, conducted by Riccardo Muti. He played as an actor in several films, such as Lucia di Lammermoor, a 1980 Russian movie based on Donizetti's opera from the Kyiv opera house conducted by O. Ryabov.
He was the general director and artistic director of the National Opera of Ukraine from 1991 to 1999. In 1992, he took the company to Paris to present two operas, as part of a five-months "showcase of the performing arts"
from Ukraine. Mussorgsky's Khovanshchina and Tchaikovsky's Mazeppa were played at the Palais des congrès. Mussorgsky's work was sung in Russian in a 1963 production. Mazeppa, about a Ukrainian hero, was sung in Ukrainian in a 1991 production by Dmytro Hnatyuk. Mokrenko planned to focus more on Ukrainian operas, playing four of them each season, and encouraging the composition of new ones. In 1995, the National Ballet appeared at the Spoleto Festival and toured in Europe, Japan, China, and Singapore, performing Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake and the new Lisova Pisnia, with Anatoliy Chikeero as ballet master. The National Opera played Anton Rudnytsky's Anna Yaroslavna on a libretto by Leonid Poltava, at home and in France.
Mokrenko was a professor at the Petro Tchaikovsky National Music Academy of Ukraine. He initiated an annual children's choir competition in Terni, "Sing along", serving as its chairman and juror.
Mokrenko died on 24 March 2020.
Awards
He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1976 and received the Shevchenko National Prize in 1978. Among his awards were also the Order of Friendship of Peoples, and of Yaroslav the Wise, and of Vladimir the Great.
References
External links
Ukrainian baritones
20th-century Ukrainian male opera singers
1933 births
2020 deaths
People from Sumy
Kyiv Polytechnic Institute alumni
People's Artists of the USSR
Stager is an unincorporated community in Iron County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.
History
The community was named for Anson Stager, an official of the Western Union Telegraph Company. The site was once the location of a Chicago and North Western Railway railroad right-of-way and telegraph line that connected Stager with Wakefield, Michigan, but nothing of the line remains except the State Line Trail built on the former railroad's roadbed.
References
Unincorporated communities in Iron County, Michigan
The scaly chatterer (Argya aylmeri) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae. It is also known as the bare-eyed babbler. It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, and Tanzania. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
This species was formerly placed in the genus Turdoides but following the publication of a comprehensive molecular phylogenetic study in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Argya.
References
External links
scaly chatterer
Birds of East Africa
Birds of the Horn of Africa
scaly chatterer
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2005 World Wrestling Championships were held at the László Papp Budapest Sports Arena in Budapest, Hungary. The event took place from September 26 to October 2, 2005.
Medal table
Team ranking
Medal summary
Men's freestyle
Men's Greco-Roman
Women's freestyle
Participating nations
621 competitors from 81 nations participated.
(1)
(1)
(11)
(4)
(5)
(10)
(20)
(2)
(4)
(14)
(14)
(1)
(1)
(20)
(2)
(1)
(13)
(1)
(6)
(2)
(3)
(5)
(4)
(8)
(12)
(15)
(20)
(4)
(16)
(3)
(21)
(18)
(14)
(3)
(6)
(14)
(21)
(16)
(15)
(3)
(6)
(9)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(14)
(2)
(4)
(1)
(4)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(16)
(2)
(5)
(5)
(17)
(21)
(3)
(7)
(2)
(1)
(14)
(9)
(3)
(7)
(6)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(18)
(1)
(21)
(1)
(21)
(13)
(9)
References
Themat.com
External links
UWW Database
Official website
W
W
World Wrestling Championships
International wrestling competitions hosted by Hungary
Pril Smiley (born 19 March 1943) is an American composer and pioneer of electronic music.
Biography
Pril Smiley was born in Mohonk Lake, New York. She worked at the Columbia-Princeton Electronic Music Center in the 1960s and 1970s with Milton Babbitt, Otto Luening, Vladimir Ussachevsky, Mario Davidovsky and Alice Shields. She became one of four primary instructors in electronic music at the center and also served as director. From 1968 to 1974 she worked as a consultant to the Lincoln Center Repertory Theater in New York City and was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1975. She ended her career as a composer in the mid-1980s, but continued to teach, and retired from Columbia in 1995. Her works have been performed internationally.
Works
Smiley composed over forty works for film, theater and dance. Selected works include:
Eclipse (1967)
Kolyosa (1970)
Forty-Three (1984)
Discography
Pioneers of Electronic Music (2006) by New World Records
Columbia - Princeton Electronic Music Center: Original Four-Channel Versions of Electronic Compositions By Bulent Arel, Milton Babbit, Mario Davidovsky, Alice Shields, Pril Smiley, Vladimir Ussachevsky (Quadraphonic vinyl LP) (1959) by Finnadar Records
Columbia-Princeton Electronic Music Center Tenth Anniversary Album - Vinyl by Milton Babbitt, Edgard Varese, Otto Luening, Pril Smiley, et al. by CRI
Electronic Music Pioneers (1994) - Audio CD by Bulent Arel, Mario Davidovsky, Otto Luening, Alice Shields, et al. by CRI / Composers Recordings
Columbia-Princeton Electronic Music Center 10th Anniversary (2010) - Audio CD - Original recording reissued by Edgard Varèse, Milton Babbitt, Vladimir Ussachevsky, Otto Luening, Pril Smiley, et al.
Filmography
1994 Theremin: An Electronic Odyssey (documentary) thereminist
1976 The Premonition, composer: electronic music
1968 Two Girls for a Madman, music effects
References
1943 births
20th-century classical composers
American electronic musicians
American women classical composers
American classical composers
American music educators
Living people
American women in electronic music
20th-century American women musicians
20th-century American composers
Women music educators
20th-century women composers
21st-century American women
The Itoh Emi 29 Taihoku-go was a 1920s Japanese civil transport with its two passengers in a enclosed cabin. It was the first of this "limousine" type to be built in Japan; the only example flew the Osaka-Tokyo route for a while.
Design and development
The 1923 Taihoku-go (Taipei) was given its name since it was built to an order from Wen-Ta Shie, a pilot from Taiwan which was then under Japanese rule. It was the first Japanese-designed civil aircraft to enclose its passengers in a cabin, limousine style. Such aircraft had been developed in Europe soon after the end of World War I with conversions of war surplus machines, though luxurious accommodation for more passengers was provided in purpose-built types like the Westland Limousine as early as 1919. Generally the pilot was separated from the passengers or raised above them, in an open cockpit.
The Emi 29 was a two bay biplane with wooden-structured, fabric-covered wings braced by parallel pairs of interplane struts and a short, parallel-strutted central cabane. Its ailerons, fitted to both upper and lower wings, were externally interconnected.
It was powered by a Hispano-Suiza 8B water-cooled V-8 engine. This had rectangular, side-on radiators just behind the engine, as on the earlier Itoh Emi 14 and Emi 16, and fuel tanks in and above the central upper wing. The pilot's cockpit was ahead of, but separated from, an enclosed two seat passenger cabins glazed above the upper fuselage longerons and dropping away behind. The flat-sided fuselage was plywood-covered to the rear of the cabin and fabric-covered aft. The tail was conventional, with the tailplane and balanced elevators mounted on top of the fuselage and with a fin and balanced rudder of triangular profile.
The Emi 29's wide track, fixed undercarriage was also conventional with mainwheels, on a single axle between V-struts from the lower fuselage longerons, and a tailskid.
Operational history
The Taihoku-go was operated by Tozai Teiki Kokukai on their Tokyo-Osaka service but was not heavily used.
Specifications
References
Biplanes
Single-engined tractor aircraft
29
1920s Japanese civil aircraft
Beardstown Junior/Senior High School, also known as Beardstown Middle/High School or BHS, is a public school for grades 6 through 12 at located at 500 East 15th Street in Beardstown, Illinois, a small city in Cass County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States. BHS is the only middle school and only high school of Beardstown Community Unit School District 15. The campus is located 45 miles northwest of Springfield, Illinois, and serves a mixed village and rural residential community. The school does not lie within a metropolitan or micropolitan statistical area.
Academics
In 2009 Beardstown Middle/High School did not make Adequate Yearly Progress, with 30% of high school students meeting standards, on the Prairie State Achievement Examination, a state test that is part of the No Child Left Behind Act. However, their scores have continued to improve and they made AYP in the following years without issue. The school's average high school graduation rate between 1999–2009 was 92%.
Athletics
The middle/high school runs numerous athletics programs that differ based on the season. For example; football, golf, cheerleading, boys soccer and cross-country all meet in the fall. Basketball, wrestling, and volleyball all meet in the winter. Baseball, track, girls soccer and softball all meet in the spring.
Beardstown High School competes in the West Central Conference and is a member school in the Illinois High School Association. The BHS mascot is the Tigers, with school colors of orange and black. The school has no state championships on record in team athletics and activities.
References
External links
Beardstown Junior/Senior High School — official site (requires JavaScript)
Beardstown Tigers Football
Public middle schools in Illinois
Public high schools in Illinois
Schools in Cass County, Illinois
Verticordia venusta is a flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is an openly branched shrub with small, egg-shaped leaves and spikes of pink to maroon-coloured flowers in spring and early summer.
Description
Verticordia venusta is an openly branched shrub which grows to high and wide with one main stem at the base. Its leaves are egg-shaped to elliptic and long. The flowers are sometimes scented and are arranged in spike-like groups, each flower on a stalk long. The flowers open in succession, the lowest first, and are pale mauve or pink to maroon, fading as they age. The floral cup is top shaped, long, ribbed, glabrous and has small green appendages. The sepals are spreading, long, with 8 to 13 feathery lobes. The petals are erect, almost circular in shape long and have teeth around their edges. The style is long, curved and hairy near the tip. Flowering time is from September to January.
Taxonomy and naming
Verticordia venusta was first formally described by Alex George in 1991 from specimens collected south of Manmanning and the description was published in Nuytsia. The specific epithet (venusta) is a Latin word meaning "like Venus", "beautiful" or "lovely", referring to the plant when in flower.
George placed this species in subgenus Chrysoma, section Chrysoma along with V. citrella, V. endlicheriana and V. acerosa.
Distribution and habitat
This verticordia occurs north-east of Perth between Mullewa, Gunyidi, Dowerin and Bencubbin in the Avon Wheatbelt and Geraldton Sandplains biogeographic regions. It grows in sand, sometimes with gravel or clay in heath and shrubland.
Conservation
Verticordia venusta is classified as "Priority Three" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife, meaning that it is poorly known and known from only a few locations but is not under imminent threat.
Use in horticulture
Propagation of V. venusta from cuttings has proven difficult but it has been successfully grafted onto Chamelaucium uncinatum rootstock. It is usually slow to establish in the garden but is often hardy and has sometimes been grown in containers for several years.
References
venusta
Rosids of Western Australia
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1991
Loxton may refer to:
Places
Loxton, Somerset, a village in England
Loxton, Northern Cape, a town in South Africa
Loxton, South Australia, a locality in Australia
Loxton Airport
Loxton High School
Loxton railway line, a former railway line
District Council of Loxton, a former local government area
People
Bill Loxton (1909–1992), Battle of Britain fighter pilot
Daniel Loxton (born 1975), editor of Junior Skeptic magazine
David Loxton (1943–1989), US documentary maker
Sam Loxton (1921–2011), Australian cricketer, footballer and politician
Other uses
Loxton House, a heritage-listed former residence in Muswellbrook Shire, New South Wales, Australia
Anthony R. Nanula (born December 9, 1965) is an American real estate developer, investment banker, political leader, and philanthropist from Buffalo, New York.
Anthony Nanula is the Chief Investment Officer of Sinatra & Company Real Estate. He also served as the President and CEO of Niagara International Capital, Ltd., a Founder and Managing Partner of American Coastal Properties, and is a Principal of The Nanco Group, owned by the Nanula Family. He previously represented District 57 in the New York State Senate, and served as City Comptroller for the City of Buffalo and Deputy State Comptroller for the State of New York.
Early life and education
Nanula was born in Niagara Falls, New York, and is the son of Savino P. Nanula, the former Chairman and CEO of Tops Friendly Markets, and Eileen E. (Hughes) Nanula (July 10, 1931 – October 12, 2014). He has three brothers. His paternal grandparents were born in Italy. Nanula attended Niagara-Wheatfield High School, graduating in 1984. He graduated from Syracuse University in 1988, earning a dual Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing and Transportation and Distribution (Supply Chain) Management.
New York State Senate
Nanula, a local businessman, was elected in a 1994 special election to serve in the State Senate, succeeding Anthony Masiello who resigned from the Senate to become Buffalo's mayor. Nanula, who self-funded his campaign, represented parts of Buffalo and Tonawanda and all of Niagara Falls and Grand Island. At 28 years old, Nanula was elected as one of the youngest state senators in New York State Senate history. He was reelected to the State Senate three times. During his Senate career, he flirted with a statewide bid for Lieutenant Governor of New York in 1998, but decided against the Democratic primary for the post. He did indicate that he was interested in running for State Comptroller if the position became available.
While serving in the Senate, he served as the Assistant Minority Leader for Policy and Administration, as Ranking Minority Member of the Senate Insurance Committee, as Ranking Minority Member of the Senate Civil Service and Pensions Committee, and as Ranking Minority Member of the Senate Tourism, Recreation and Sports Development Committee. He is the second freshman senator to be appointed to the Senate Finance Committee and he was a member of the Senate Rules Committee.
Buffalo City Comptroller
In 1999, Nanula ran for the open position of Buffalo City Comptroller, when the incumbent, Joel Giambra, stepped down to run for Erie County Executive. During his campaign, Nanula was criticized by opponents for wanting the position in order to better his credentials to run for state comptroller. Nanula was elected defeating Common Council Minority Leader Kevin Helfer.
In 2001 and 2002, after State Comptroller Carl McCall launched a campaign for governor, Nanula announced his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for State Comptroller. Nanula campaigned around the state and then dropped out of the race before the primary and endorsed former New York City Comptroller Alan Hevesi.
After Hevesi was elected State Comptroller, he appointed Nanula as a Deputy State Comptroller. Nanula resigned his city post to accept the state post. As a Deputy State Comptroller, Nanula was responsible for advising local governments on financial issues and for upstate economic development policy.
Business career
Nanula began his career working for his father's grocery store, Tops Friendly Markets. From 1988-1994, Nanula served as the President of Nanco Enterprises, Inc. a New York based commercial and industrial park operator and developer. In 1992, he and his three brothers co-founded Essex Homes of WNY, Inc., a well-respected regional homebuilder. Essex has built over 1,300 mid-market and upscale homes throughout New York. He was responsible in co-founding North America Center, a 425-acre industrial and commercial park in Western New York. It exists today as one of the largest public/private real estate partnerships in New York State history.
Business ventures and investments
Anthony Nanula is the Chief Investment Officer of Sinatra & Company Real Estate. He also serves as the Principal of The Nanco Group, owned by the highly respected Nanula Family, well known for their successes in the retail marketplace with Tops Friendly Markets and more recently Wilson Farms Stores. In 2005, he and his brothers successfully led a leveraged buyout of Wilson Farms, a subsidiary of Tops Friendly Markets, which was sold to 7-Eleven in 2011. Wilson Farms was a chain of approximately 200 convenience stores and was ranked as one of the 50 largest convenience chains in the country.
In 2004, Nanula launched Niagara International Capital Ltd., a registered Broker Dealer (Member FINRA and SIPC) and Registered Investment Adviser that provides investment banking and strategic advisory services, asset management and retail brokerage accounts, and registration and compliance support services to advisors, RIAs and investment banking teams.
In 2012, Nanula co-founded American Coastal Properties (ACP), a Southern California based luxury real estate development company. Nanula is a principal investor and Managing Partner for ACP.
Family and personal life
Nanula and his wife, Holly, live in Buffalo, New York with their son Savino, and daughters, Alexa and Isabella. Nanula is a born-again Christian.
References
1965 births
Living people
Missing middle or first names
American politicians of Italian descent
Martin J. Whitman School of Management alumni
New York (state) Democrats
New York (state) state senators
Comptrollers of Buffalo, New York
The Morgenster (Morning Star in Dutch) is a sail training ship based in the Netherlands. She was built, as a herring lugger under the name De Vrouw Maria, in 1919. In 1927, she was lengthened by and converted into a motor fishing vessel. She was renamed Morgenster in 1959 and continued to be used as a fishing vessel until 1970. After a period of use for sport fishing and in the pirate radio business, she was acquired by her current owners for conversion back to a sailing vessel in 1983. She made her maiden voyage as a sail training ship in 2008, having been refitted as a brig.
Gallery
References
External links
The Morgenster's web site
Brigs
Sailing ships of the Netherlands
Training ships
1919 ships
Pterothominx is a genus of nematodes belonging to the family Capillariidae.
The species of this genus are found in North America.
Species:
Pterothominx hirudinis
Pterothominx meleagrisgallopavo
Pterothominx neopulchra
Pterothominx pulchra
Pterothominx sadovskoi
Pterothominx totani
References
Nematodes
Korea University Museum (고려대학교박물관), commonly called The University Museum, is a history, archaeology, and art museum that is part of the Korea University in Seoul, South Korea
History
Museum building
The Museum is housed in the Centennial Memorial Samsung Hall that is one of the landmarks of the Korea University campus.
Collections
External links
Korea University Museum website
Korea University
Museums in Seoul
University museums in South Korea
Museums established in 1934
Archaeological museums in South Korea
History museums in South Korea
Art museums and galleries in South Korea
1934 establishments in Korea
The Anglesea Power Station was a brown coalpowered thermal power station located at Anglesea, in Victoria, Australia. The station had one steam turbine, with a capacity of . It was operated by Alcoa of Australia and supplied almost 40% of the electricity used by the company's Point Henry aluminium smelter, until the smelter's closure in August 2014.
The power station was brought online on 20 March 1969, and was supplied with brown coal from the adjacent open cut mine, transported to the power station along a -long private road. Overburden was stripped and backfilled into the mined area by earthmoving contractors, using conventional power shovels and trucks. About 80 people worked at the mine and power station.
In June 2015, Alcoa announced that the power plant and mine would close at the end of August 2015, after the company was unable to find a buyer for the power station. On 31 August 2015, the plant ceased operation as planned. Mine rehabilitation, and plant decommissioning and demolition, have been carried out.
History
In about 1955, test bores for coal were made at Anglesea by Roche Brothers, who were then operating a coal mine at nearby Wensleydale, where the reserves were dwindling. An extensive coal deposit was found two kilometres to the north of the Anglesea township, and mining commenced in 1959 to supply brown coal to industry and institutions in the Geelong area.
The mining rights were taken over by Western Mining Corporation (WMC) in 1961 to supply the power station planned by Alcoa of Australia. The Mines (Aluminum Agreement) Act of 1961 granted Alcoa a 50year exclusive right to explore and mine over some leasehold land in the region. After further drilling investigation, WMC relocated the mining operation to the east of the original mine, closer to the power station site and providing access to a larger coal reserve of . The total thickness of the coal seams is about , with total economic mineable reserves estimated at in the upper seam, and a further in lower seams. In 1992, the overburden to coal ratio averaged around 2.5 to 1, with an average coal thickness of .
Following negotiation with the Victorian government in 2011, Alcoa took up a 50-year extension of the Agreement under the Mines (Aluminium Agreement) Act 1961, allowing for continued operation of the mine and power station until 2016. Alcoa outlined plans to expand the footprint of the mine by approximately 50 percent, taking the total disturbed area from approximately , from about 2016.
, approximately of coal had been mined, with about of brown coal being extracted annually to feed the power station that consumed of pulverised brown coal an hour. The coal at Anglesea has a high quality heat value when compared to other brown coals used to produce electricity in Victoria, but has a much higher level of sulphur, at around 3%, resulting in high levels of sulfur dioxide (SO2) being emitted. Carbon Monitoring for Action estimated that the power station emitted of greenhouse gases each year as a result of burning the coal. The Anglesea power station drew its cooling water from six sub-artesian well bores, supplemented with rainwater.
With the closure of the Point Henry Aluminium smelter, Alcoa applied for and was granted a licence in May 2014 by the Victorian Essential Services Commission to sell electricity to the national electricity market. In February 2014, an Alcoa spokesperson said that it was seeking sale options for the power station, which might be closed if a sale was not possible. In May 2015, Alcoa announced that it was unable to find a buyer for the plant, and would close it and the associated coal mine in August 2015. Closure occurred as planned on 31 August 2015.
Criticism
Since 2011, Alcoa and the Anglesea power station had come under increasing local criticism, with residents forming the Surf Coast Air Action group concerned with health impacts of air pollution from the mine and power station. The group campaigned for reduced emissions from the power station and, following the closure of the Point Henry aluminium smelter, claimed that there was little justification for continuing the operation of the power station.
Alcoa rejected claims it had exceeded targets, saying it had met its worldwide targets for reducing sulphur dioxide emissions, although it did not dispute that Anglesea's SO2 emissions actually went up from a base figure of to in 2012-13.
In a December 2013 submission to the Essential Services Commission, Friends of the Earth Australia argued that Alcoa should not be granted a licence to directly sell power to the National Electricity Market for four reasons: no additional coal-fired power was needed, Alcoa has no social licence to operate in the energy market, local health concerns, and that continuing operation of the power station undermined efforts to tackle climate change.
Alcoa's licence to supply electricity to the grid was approved, although community groups said the decision lacked transparency and legitimacy, because no community consultation had been conducted by the Essential Services Commission.
Protests
Two major protests in Anglesea occurred in 2014 regarding the future of the coal mine and power station. In July, over 500 people made up a human sign on the Anglesea beach saying "Shut it Down". On 10 August 2014, several hundred people attended a rally and march calling for the coal mine and power station to be closed.
See also
List of power stations in Victoria
State Electricity Commission of Victoria
References
External links
Alcoa of Australia: Anglesea Power Station
Coal-fired power stations in Victoria (Australia)
Onagrodes victoria is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in southern Myanmar (the Tanintharyi Region) and on Borneo.
References
Moths described in 1958
Eupitheciini
Clarke Road Secondary School is located at 300 Clarke Road in London, Ontario. It is a part of the Thames Valley District School Board. The school was founded in 1956 and a major 14 million dollar renovation was completed in 1997. The school mascot is the Trojan Warrior.
Clarke Road's recent renovation has given the school state-of-the-art gymnasia, science, technology, and computer facilities. The school presently has over 400 computers available for student use in all programs in the school. The renovations have also provided a major developmental centre in the school, as well as integrated programs for over 50 students.
Notable programs
The school's work internship program, School to Work, allows students to gain experience in an industrial setting with over 50 employers throughout the area. The technology department has facilities for woodworking, manufacturing, transportation and communication technologies. Multimillion-dollar renovations in 2012 created programs in Health Care, Green Industries and Hospitality. The school has a full commercial kitchen, and green house, as well as a TV studio and 24 hour radio station broadcasting through the Tune-In radio app. Previous renovations at Clarke Road also featured a wide variety of programs in the arts, including courses in the visual arts, drama, dance, vocals, instrumental and guitar music.
Extracurricular activities
Clarke Road offers a large variety of extracurricular clubs and groups. Some of the more popular activities include yearly drama productions, art shows, the environmental club, the learning support centre, and the cancer campaign. The school also participates in "Take Your Kids to Work" day.
Student body
The following is an approximation of the student body, as of September 2015:
320 students in grade 9
350 students in grade 10
300 students in grade 11,
410 students in grade 12.
There are 97 full-time teachers and three guidance counsellors. The teacher-to-student ratio is 1:14.
Post-secondary statistics
As of June 2008:
45% of students apply to college
40% of students enter the workforce
15% of students apply to university
See also
List of high schools in Ontario
References
External links
Clarke Road Secondary School
Educational institutions established in 1956
High schools in London, Ontario
1956 establishments in Ontario
Haven Entertainment, founded in 2006 as Tom Sawyer Entertainment is a film production and management company founded by Rachel Miller and Jesse Hara. Haven produced happythankyoumoreplease, the US Audience Award winner at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival. Miller is an agent who represented Josephine Angelini's Starcrossed.
Following the 2008 writers strike, Tom Sawyer shifted and began to develop books before adapting them to the big screen. In 2012, Tom Sawyer merged with Picture Machine and the new company is known as Haven Entertainment.
Films
Happythankyoumoreplease, 2010
Liberal Arts, 2012
References
External links
Film production companies of the United States
The Diocese of Roskilde () is a diocese within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Denmark. The seat of the Bishop is Roskilde Cathedral in Roskilde.
History
The Diocese of Roskilde was formed in 1922 when the Diocese of Zealand was divided into the Diocese of Copenhagen and the Diocese of Roskilde.
Bishops of Roskilde
1923–1934 Henry Fonnesbech-Wulff
1935–1953 Axel Rosendal
1953–1969 Gudmund Schiøler
1969–1980 Hans Kvist
1980–1997
1997–2008 Jan Lindhardt
since 2008 Peter Fischer-Møller
See also
Church of Denmark
References
Church of Denmark dioceses
Diocese of Roskilde
1922 establishments in Denmark
In enzymology, a tyrosine 2,3-aminomutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-tyrosine 3-amino-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)propanoate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-tyrosine, and one product, 3-amino-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)propanoate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring amino groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is L-tyrosine 2,3-aminomutase. This enzyme is also called tyrosine alpha,beta-mutase. This enzyme participates in tyrosine metabolism. It employs one cofactor, 5-methylene-3,5-dihydroimidazol-4-one (MIO) which is formed autocatalytic rearrangement of the internal tripeptide Ala-Ser-Gly.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, only one structure has been solved for this class of enzymes, with the PDB accession code .
References
EC 5.4.3
Enzymes of known structure
Angelika Bachmann (born 16 May 1979) is a former professional German tennis player. Her highest WTA singles ranking is 130th, which she reached on 17 April 2000. Her career high in doubles of world no. 90 set on 18 December 2000. Angelika Bachmann retired from tennis 2010.
ITF finals
Singles: 5 (2–3)
External links
1979 births
Living people
Tennis players from Munich
German female tennis players
Ladislaus III (, Slovak and ; 12007 May 1205) was King of Hungary and Croatia between 1204 and 1205. He was the only child of King Emeric. Ladislaus was crowned king upon the orders of his ill father, who wanted to secure his infant son's succession. The dying king made his brother, Andrew, regent for the period of Ladislaus's minority. However, Duke Andrew ignored the child's interests. As a result, Ladislaus's mother, Constance of Aragon, fled to Austria, taking Ladislaus with her. Ladislaus died unexpectedly in Vienna.
Infancy (c. 1200–1204)
Ladislaus was the only known child of King Emeric and his wife, Constance of Aragon. The exact date of Ladislaus's birth is unknown, but it is likely that he was born around 1200, according to historians Gyula Kristó and Ferenc Makk. After falling seriously ill, King Emeric ordered Ladislaus's coronation in an attempt to secure a smooth succession for his infant son. John, Archbishop of Kalocsa, crowned Ladislaus on 26 August 1204. Emeric reconciled with his defiant younger brother, Andrew, whom he had imprisoned. He set Andrew free, and made him regent for the duration of Ladislaus's minority.
Reign (1204–1205)
On 30 November 1204, King Emeric died, and Ladislaus succeeded him. Pope Innocent III sent a letter to Duke Andrew, warning him to respect the child king's interests. However, refusing to heed Innocent's warning, Andrew seized the money that Emeric had deposited in the Pilis Abbey for Ladislaus. Considering her son's position to be insecure, Constance fled to Austria, taking Ladislaus with her.
Although Duke Andrew made every effort to capture Queen Constance and King Ladislaus before they could escape, they were able to reach Vienna, Austria. Duke Leopold VI, who was King Emeric's and Duke Andrew's cousin, was willing to give shelter to King Ladislaus, although Duke Andrew threatened him with an invasion. Ladislaus abruptly died on 7 May 1205. His body was carried to Székesfehérvár, and buried in the Székesfehérvár Basilica.
Ancestry
Notes
Sources
Primary sources
Archdeacon Thomas of Split: History of the Bishops of Salona and Split (Latin text by Olga Perić, edited, translated and annotated by Damir Karbić, Mirjana Matijević Sokol and James Ross Sweeney) (2006). CEU Press. .
The Hungarian Illuminated Chronicle: Chronica de Gestis Hungarorum (Edited by Dezső Dercsényi) (1970). Corvina, Taplinger Publishing. .
Secondary sources
House of Árpád
Kings of Hungary
Kings of Croatia
Rulers who died as children
Medieval child rulers
1200 births
1205 deaths
Burials at the Basilica of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary
13th-century Hungarian people
The men's 4 × 400 metres relay event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 20 October.
Results
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
Gabriele Ferro is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Italy.
Career statistics
By season
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1988 births
Living people
Italian motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
125cc World Championship riders
People from Biella
Sportspeople from the Province of Biella
Satu Mattila-Budich is a Finnish diplomat and Foreign Affairs Counselor. She has been Head of the Permanent Representation of Finland to the Council of Europe in Strasbourg, France, from 1 September 2015. She started working with the Ministry for Foreign Affairs in 1983.
Prior to the Council of Europe, Mattila-Budich has worked as a leading expert at the Finnish Embassy in Riga, and before that she served as Co-ordinator and Chairman of the Baltic Sea States Council (CBSS) during the Finnish Presidency. She was Finland's ambassador to Singapore 2007–2011. Mattila-Budich also served in Finland's permanent UN missions in Geneva and New York, at the Embassy in New Delhi and Washington DC, and in Tokyo, where she also served as the Council of Ministers.
Mattila-Budich has worked in the Foreign Ministry at the Protocol and Political Department in Finland. Between 2001 and 2004, she was in charge of the Northern Dimension Unit in the Eastern section.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ambassadors of Finland to Singapore
Finnish women ambassadors
The 110th Division () was created in February 1950 under the Regulation of the Redesignations of All Organizations and Units of the Army, issued by Central Military Commission on November 1, 1948, basing on the 326th Division of Republic of China Army defected on September 19, 1949 during the Chinese Civil War.
The division was part of 37th Corps.
In April 1951 the division absorbed 4th Cavalry Division as preparation before entering Korea.
In September the division moved into Korea as a part of the People's Volunteer Army. During its deployment to Korea the division was in charge of rear guards mission and the construction of Namsi Airfield.
In December the division returned from Korea.
In February 1952 the division was inactivated and merged with 107th Division.
References
中国人民解放军各步兵师沿革, http://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_a3f74a990101cp1q.html
Infantry divisions of the People's Liberation Army
Military units and formations established in 1950
Military units and formations disestablished in 1952
Deon André Fourie (born 25 September 1986) is a South African rugby union footballer who plays for Western Province in the South African Provincial Currie Cup competition. His regular playing positions are Hooker and Loose forward.
Fourie previously played for the Western Province provincial team and the Stormers Super Rugby team. Fourie captained Western Province to Currie Cup champions in 2012. He represented South Africa at 7s level internationally in 2007.
In April 2013, Fourie signed a deal that will keep him in Cape Town until 2015. However, he gained an early release from the contract to join French Top 14 side prior to the 2014–15 Top 14 season.
References
External links
Stormers profile
WP rugby profile
1986 births
Living people
South African rugby union players
Stormers players
Western Province (rugby union) players
Rugby union hookers
Rugby union flankers
Afrikaner people
Sportspeople from Pretoria
South Africa international rugby sevens players
South African expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in France
South African expatriate sportspeople in France
Lyon OU players
FC Grenoble players
South Africa international rugby union players
Dan Catenacci may refer to:
Dan Catenacci (fashion designer) or Dan Caten, fashion designer part of Dean and Dan Caten
Daniel Catenacci (born 1993), Canadian professional ice hockey player
Deportivo Jalapa was a Nicaraguan football team which has played at the domestic top level. They were based in Jalapa.
History
Jalapa would win their first title in the club history by defeating defending champion Walter Ferretti 4:0 in the second leg of the final at home at Estadio Alejandro Ramos.
The teams drew 1:1 in the first leg in Managua, but goals from Tomás Centeno, Edgard Rochez (penalty), Ramón Osorio and Selvin álvarez gave the provincial side their first championship, followed by an impromptu parade through the city streets led by the players and thousands of fans .
However, after winning the title the club hit financial trouble, meaning they were unable to keep the core of players and management with this the next season led to not only the club failing to reach the semis but on the international tournament they let in a record 40 goals in three games (including a 17–0 loss to Salvadorian team FAS and 19–0 loss to Panamanian team Árabe Unido)
They were relegated after the 2007/2008 season before being dissolved ahead of the 2009 Clausura season.
Achievements
Primera División de Nicaragua: 1
2001/02
List of managers
Leonidas Rodríguez (2001), (2002)
Salvador Dubois Leiva
Carlos Sánchez (2006)
References
External links
http://www.futbolnica.net/component/content/article/13-destacadas/785-el-regreso-de-un-grande-del-futbol-nicaragueense
Jalapa
1995 establishments in Nicaragua
Association football clubs established in 1995
Shelgaon, commonly known as "Shelgaon Maratha", or "Shelgaon Mahavishnu" is a village located in Sonpeth taluka of Parbhani district, in state of Maharashtra.
Demographics
As per 2011 census:
Shelgaon Maratha has 670 families residing. The village has population of 3282.
Out of the population of 3282, 1676 are males while 1606 are females.
Literacy rate of the village is 62.50%.
Average sex ratio of Shelgaon village is 958 females to 1000 males. Average sex ratio of Maharashtra state is 929.
Geography, and transport
Distance between Shelgaon Maratha, and district headquarters Parbhani is , and from taluka headquarter Sonpeth.
References
Villages in Parbhani district
Manuela may refer to:
People
Manuela (given name), a Spanish and Portuguese feminine given name
Manuela (singer) (1943–2001), German singer of Schlager songs
Film and television
Manuela (1957 film), a British film directed by Guy Hamilton
Manuela (1967 film), a Cuban short film directed by Humberto Solás
Manuela (1976 film), a Spanish film directed by Gonzalo García Pelayo
Manuela (2006 film), a film directed by Marco Castro
Manuela (TV series), a 1991 telenovela starring Grecia Colmenares
Music
"Manuela" (Demis Roussos song), 1974
"Manuela", a song by Julio Iglesias from A flor de piel, 1974
ja:マヌエラ
pl:Manuela
Andrew Montour (c. 1720–1772), also known as Sattelihu, Eghnisara, and Henry, was an important Métis interpreter and negotiator in the Virginia and Pennsylvania backcountry in the latter half of the 18th century. He was of Oneida and Algonquin ancestry, with a French grandfather. Historian James Merrell estimated his birth year as 1720. Likely born in his mother's village of Otstonwakin (near current Montoursville, Pennsylvania), he later led the village in the 18th century before settling further west.
Montour was commissioned as a captain in 1754 by Pennsylvania officials during the French and Indian War. He also commanded raiding parties in Ohio in 1764 during Pontiac's War (1763-1766) at the behest of Sir William Johnson, British superintendent of Indian Affairs. His son John Montour later became recognized as an interpreter and negotiator, serving with rebel forces during the American Revolutionary War.
Early life and education
Montour was likely born in Otstawonkin, a native Lenape village located at the mouth of Loyalsock Creek on the West Branch Susquehanna River, about 1720. His mother was known as Madame Montour and was a well-known, influential interpreter, and his father was Carondawanna, otherwise known as Robert Hunter, an Oneida war chief based in New York. He was primarily of Native American ancestry, though his maternal grandfather was a French fur trader.
In 1729, when Andrew was young, his father was killed during a raid on the southern Catawba tribe.
Growing up in a polyglot world, he developed his mother's gift for languages, speaking French, English, Lenape (Delaware), Shawnee, and at least one of the Iroquois languages, likely Oneida.
Biography
In 1742, Andrew Montour acted as guide and interpreter for Count Zinzendorf, among the Moravian missionaries who stopped at Otstonwakin. The latter described him by the following:
This man had a countenance like another European but around his whole face an Indianish broad ring of bear fat and paint, and had on a sky-colored coat of fine cloth, black cordovan neckband with silver bugles, a red damask lapelled waistcoat, breeches over which his shirt hung, shoes and stockings, a hat, and both ears braided with brass and other wire like a handle on a basket. He welcomed us cordially and when I spoke to him in French he replied in English. His name is Andre.
In May 1745, Montour accompanied Conrad Weiser and Shikellamy from Pennsylvania to Onondaga, the central meeting place of the Iroquois League in New York. In 1748, Weiser recommended Montour as a person especially qualified to act as an interpreter or messenger, and presented him to the Pennsylvania Council of the Proprietary Government.
Though Weiser spoke highly of Montour, the interpreter's drinking caused problems between them. Weiser wrote about this in a letter to the Provincial Secretary of Pennsylvania, Richard Peters. Weiser wrote: "I bought 2 quarts of Rum to use on our journey, but he has drunk most all the first day. He abused me...when he was drunk..."
Richard Peter described Montour at another time in a letter as "a dull stupid creature", "untractable", and a "fellow who kept low company of which he was more than likely to be the dupe." Peters wrote:
He has been arrested for fifty pounds and indeed, I would have suffered him to have gone to jail for he is a lavish man, having a wife who takes up goods at any rate and to any value.
Montour had problems with alcoholism and debt in much of his life. When sober, he was highly reliable and officials were willing to pay a high price to secure his skilled services. For example, Colonel George Washington wrote a letter to Virginia's governor Robert Dinwiddie, just before the former's capitulation at Fort Necessity during the French and Indian War, the North American front of the Seven Years' War between Great Britain and France. Washington requested the assistance of Montour, saying that he "...would be of use to me here at this moment in conversing with the Indians, for I don't have other persons to depend on." Washington said he was unsure how to treat the Indians.
In September 1755, Washington requested Montour's services again in Virginia, saying that he was: "...desirous of seeing [Montour] here; and the more so, because I have it in my power to do something for you in a settled way which I hope will be agreeable to you..." In addition, Washington asked for more aid for the Indians, promising that "...they shall be better used than they have been, and have all the kindness from us they can desire." Both the British and French colonists relied on their alliances with Native Americans for much of their fighting forces in this war.
Montour also served under Major General Edward Braddock, though the experience was a sour one. At a council held in Philadelphia during August 1755, one month after Braddock's defeat, Montour told the assembly for Scaroyady:
We Six Nations must let you know that it was the pride and ignorance of that great General that came from England. [that caused the defeat] He is now dead; but he was bad when he was alive: he looked upon us as dogs, and would never hear anything what was said to him. We often endeavored to advise him and to tell him of the danger he was in with his soldiers; but he never appeared pleased with us, and that was the reason that a great many of our warriors left him and would not be under his command.
Commissions
Montour received a captain's commission in 1754 during the French and Indian War. Later, under Sir William Johnson's Indian Department of the Northern District, Montour was given command of a raiding party in Ohio in 1764 during Pontiac's War (1763-1766). For his numerous efforts Montour was granted Pennsylvania lands by the colonial government: in Mifflin County, Montoursville, and Montour's Island near Pittsburgh. So strong was his influence with tribes in the Ohio River Valley that the French had put a bounty on his head to take him out of the action.
During Pontiac's War, Montour captained several raiding parties. On May 22, 1764, he and a group of Indians arrived at Niagara. While there, the Indians got drunk and threatened to kill him. Suffering hangovers the next morning, they all but forgot their mutinous actions of the night before; he forgave them for this behavior.
Marriage and family
He first married Madelina, a Delaware woman, granddaughter of Sassoonan, a Lenape chief. They separated or she died.
Montour secondly married Sally Ainse, an Oneida (c. 1728–1823, also known as Sally Montour), when she was a teenager, as was their practice. Montour left her in around 1757 or 1758. He sent their children to school in Philadelphia and Williamsburg, Virginia, to learn English, to be educated for both cultures. Ainse kept a young son Nicholas with her while she was living in an Oneida settlement near the Mohawk River.
Their best-known child was a son, John Montour born in 1744, who followed in his father's footsteps. He became a well-known translator, negotiator, and go-between. John Montour served with American troops at Pittsburgh during the American Revolution.
Death
Major Isaac Hamilton wrote from Fort Pitt on January 22, 1772, reporting that Montour: "...was killed at his own house the day before yesterday [January 20] by a Seneca Indian, who had been entertained by him at his house for some days. He was buried this day near the Fort."
For their tribute, "the Indians who came to the funeral beg'd a few gallons of Rum to drown their sorrows for the life of their friend." The cost of the spirits for the Indian's lamentations was pegged at a little better than £7 ($250 in 2022 USD).
Legacy and honors
Montour's Island in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, was granted to him for service and named for him. He sold it during his lifetime.
Montour County, Pennsylvania, was named for him.
Montoursville, Pennsylvania, was named for his mother, as it developed near the village where she lived.
The Montour School District, a comprehensive public school system located 16 miles west of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, also bears his name.
See also
Montour family
Notes
References
Bibliography
Hagedorn, Nancy L. "'Faithful, Knowing, and Prudent': Andrew Montour As Interpreter and Cultural Broker, 1740–1772". In Margaret Connell Szasz, ed., Between Indian and White Worlds: The Cultural Broker, 44–60. University of Oklahoma Press, 1994.
Kelly, Kevin P. "John Montour: Life of a Cultural Go-Between". Colonial Williamsburg Interpreter, Volume 21, No. 4 (2000/01).
Lewin, Howard. "A Frontier Diplomat: Andrew Montour" (pdf). Pennsylvania History Volume 33, Number 2 (April 1966): 153–86.
Merrell, James. "'The Cast of His Countenance': Reading Andrew Montour." In Ronald Hoffman, et al., eds., Through a Glass Darkly: Reflections on Personal Identity in Early America, 13–39. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 199.
Wallace, Paul A. W. "Indians In Pennsylvania" p. 179.
Merell, James H. " Into the American Woods: Negotiators on the Pennsylvania Frontier" W.W. Norton & Company 1999
External links
Fort Necessity National Battlefield biographies (National Park Service)
Colonel Washington's Frontier Forts Association: Prelude to the French and Indian War Part 2
Campbell, Helen. "Revolutionary War Hero Captain John Montour."
1720s births
Year of birth uncertain
1772 deaths
American Métis people
Burials in Pennsylvania
Colonial American Indian agents
Indigenous people of the French and Indian War
Indigenous people of Pontiac's War
Interpreters
Native American leaders
People of colonial Pennsylvania
People of Pennsylvania in the French and Indian War
People of Pennsylvania of Pontiac's War
People of Virginia in the French and Indian War
People of Virginia of Pontiac's War
18th-century translators
Native American people from Pennsylvania
Andrew
The Club of Nobody's Friends is a private dining club with origins in the High Church tradition of the Church of England. It is one of the oldest of the London dining clubs and frequently meets in Lambeth Palace. Its motto is Pro Ecclesia et Rege.
History
The club, often referred to simply as Nobody's Friends or Nobody's, was founded in honour of William Stevens and first met on 21 June 1800 at the Crown and Anchor Tavern in the Strand. Its inaugural dinner consisted of thirteen men who would later form the movement known as the Hackney Phalanx. In the late 1880s Nobody's occasionally met at the Freemasons' Tavern, which served as a meeting place for a variety of notable organisations from the eighteenth century until it was demolished to make way for the Connaught Hotel in 1909.
Stevens was a wealthy hosier who became a writer and philanthropist, leading figure in the High Church movement, and Treasurer of Queen Anne's Bounty. He wrote theological pamphlets under the pen name of Nobody which gave the club its curious name.
The club grew to consist of 50 members, half clergymen and half laymen, and met three times a year. Between 1800 and 1900 membership included three archbishops, forty-nine bishops, twenty Cathedral deans, many peers and baronets, and members of the House of Commons. It also included privy councillors, judges, and fellows of both the Royal Society and the Society of Antiquaries.
A Nobody's menu from 1891 shows a club dinner at the Hotel Metropole, London consisting of ten or more courses, standard at that time in formal Victorian dining. It may be assumed that presentation of the courses was in the service à la russe tradition.
Recent times
It is recorded that in 1962 a former bishop of Norwich, Launcelot Fleming, left Nobody's the "worse for wear" and was later found by friends singing "I'm a space Bishop" whilst wearing a motorbike helmet he had acquired on the journey home. The story may be apocryphal, but it is said that he met his future wife among the friends who discovered him in this state.
Writing in his diaries The Old Boys' Network, John Rae the celebrated headmaster of Westminster School said of a 1984 dinner:
It is believed that women have since been admitted as members, but this is not known for definite.
In 2005, Conservative peer Lord Brooke speaking in the House of Lords on the death of Lord Belstead said
In 2014, the retired bishop of Bath and Wells, Rt Revd John Bickersteth, when asked how he had become a bishop described how after being 'spotted' at Nobody's, "You used to have lunch at the Athenaeum." Though he recalled that in his case, the luncheon leading to episcopal elevation took place at The Commonwealth Club.
The current President of Nobody's is believed to be Sir Philip Mawer, former Secretary General of the Church of England's Synod and current chair of Allchurches Trust. He was President in 2015. It is not known whether he has been replaced.
IICSA
In 2018 the club was subject of a question in the IICSA hearing into abuse in the Church of England. Lord Lloyd had sent a letter of influence in the Peter Ball case to Archbishop Carey prefaced with the phrase "May I presume on a brief acquaintanceship at dinners of Nobody's Friends?" When asked about the club in his evidence to the Inquiry, Lord Lloyd described Nobody's Friends as "simply a club, half consisting of the clergy, members of the clergy, and half consisting of members of the laity, which dine together probably twice a year, very often in Lambeth Palace." The IICSA counsel pointed out that the Daily Mail had once described it as "centred on a strong core of bishops, ex-Tory ministers and former military top brass, a highly secretive, all-male group representing Britain's most entrenched professions and institutions." Lord Lloyd replied, "That's a typical Daily Mail description of something they don't particularly like, but I can assure you that Nobody's Friends is a perfectly ordinary dining club..." The same article that IICSA drew upon in the hearing indicated that Prime Minister Tony Blair had been keen to join the club in 2003.
Stephen Parsons commented in an influential blog, following the IICSA hearing, that the forum Nobody's Friends provided for influence in the Peter Ball case suggested a “toxic masculinity” in the Church of England. He went on to say:
Bibliography
Biographical List of the Members of "The Club of Nobody's Friends" since Its Foundation 21 June 1800 to 30 September 1885 (London: Privately Printed, 1885).
The Club of "Nobody's Friends," Since Its Foundation on 21 June 1800 to 29 April 1902 Volume II. (London: Printed for Private Circulation, 1902)
Geoffrey Rowell, The Club of 'Nobody's Friends' 1800-2000: A Memoir on Its Two-hundredth Anniversary (Edinburgh: Pentland Press, 2000)
See also
Nikæan Club
Gentlemen's Clubs in London
References
External links
Eating Without Jesus
Dining clubs
Religious organizations established in 1800
Anglo-Catholicism
Clubs and societies in England
Organizations established in the 19th century
Organizations established in 1800
Tractarians
Church of England societies and organisations
Abdolabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abdolābād; also known as Abdollāhābād and ‘Abdollāhābād) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 20 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Air hockey is a Pong-like tabletop sport where two opposing players try to score goals against each other on a low-friction table using two hand-held discs ("mallets") and a lightweight plastic puck.
The air hockey table has raised edges that allow the puck to reflect off horizontally, and a very smooth, slippery surface that further reduces friction by suspending the puck on a thin cushion of air ejected from tiny vent holes built inside the surface. This causes the puck to hover and move easily across the table with little loss of velocity, which simulates the lubricated sliding of an ice hockey puck across a well polished rink, hence the name of the game.
Air hockey tables
A typical air hockey table consists of a large smooth playing surface designed to minimize friction, a surrounding rail to prevent the puck and strikers (paddles) from leaving the table, and slots in the rail at either end of the table that serve as goals. On the ends of the table behind and below the goals, there is usually a puck return. Additionally, tables will typically have some sort of machinery that produces a cushion of air on the playing surface through tiny holes, with the purpose of reducing friction and increasing play speed. In some tables, the machinery is eschewed in favor of a slick table surface, usually plastic, in the interest of saving money in both manufacturing and maintenance costs. Note that these tables are technically not air hockey tables, since no air is involved; however, they are still generally understood to be as such due to the basic similarity of gameplay. There also exist pucks that use a battery and fan to generate their own air cushion, but as they are prone to breakage, they are commonly marketed only as toys.
The only tables that are approved for play and sanctioned by the USAA (United States Air Hockey Association) and the AHPA (Air Hockey Players Association) for tournament play are 8-foot tables. Approved tables include all Gold Standard Games 8-foot tables; some 8-foot tables from Dynamo; and the original 8-foot commercial Brunswick tables. Other full-size novelty-type tables with flashing lights on the field of play, painted rails, and/or smaller pucks are not approved for tournament play but can be used to learn the game. There are also tables for air hockey having a size of 1.5, 2, or 2.5 feet. They are called a mini air hockey. This is due to the small dimensions of the table, bits, washers.
A striker (sometimes called a goalie, mallet or paddle) consists of a simple handle attached to a flat surface that will usually lie flush with the surface of the table. The most common paddles, called "high-tops", resemble small plastic sombreros, but other paddles, "flat-tops", are used with a shorter nub.
Air Hockey pucks are discs made of Lexan polycarbonate resin. Standard USAA and AHPA-approved pucks are yellow, red, and green. In competitive play, a layer of thin white tape is placed on the face-up side. Air Hockey pucks come in circles and other shapes (triangle, hexagon, octagon, or square).
Four-player tables also exist, but they are not sanctioned for competitive play.
Gameplay
Competitive (tournament) play is usually distinguished by the following:
The mallet is gripped behind the knob using one's fingertips, not on top of it. This allows more wrist action and helps the player to move the striker around the table faster.
For basic defense, the mallet is kept centered at least 8 inches out from the goal. In this position, very slight movements to the left and right will block virtually all straight shots. To block bank shots, one pulls back quickly to the corners of the goal. This is known as the "triangle defense".
Shots are often hit out of "drifts", where the puck travels in set patterns designed to throw off the opponent's expectations and timing. The most popular drifts are the "center", "diamond", "diagonal", and "L".
Shots are often organized into meaning groups of shots which are hit with the same apparent delivery but opposite directions, caused by hitting the puck at slightly different locations on the striker. For example, a transverse motion of the right arm can lead to a "cut shot" to the left corner of the opponent's goal or a "right wall under" (bank off the right wall, into the right corner of the opponent's goal).
History
Air hockey is a game resting on an older technology, the air table. Air tables began as a conveyor technology allowing heavy objects like cardboard boxes to easily slide over a table surface. The original air tables of the 1940s had rather large holes that were plugged by ball bearings. An object sitting on the table would depress the balls, allowing air to escape and lift the object slightly off the table.
By 1967, this had been refined and repurposed as a tool for teaching elementary physics. The table top was a sandwich of fiberboard or plexiglass sheets separated by a honeycomb structure. The top surface was drilled with a grid of small holes, and the space between the boards was supplied with low-pressure compressed air, just enough to allow "air pucks" to float over the surface. While these air tables were fun to play with, they were not yet a game.
In 1968, Sega released an arcade electro-mechanical game similar to air hockey, MotoPolo. Based on polo, two players moved miniature motorbikes around inside a cabinet, with each player attempting to knock the balls into the opponent's goal. It also used an 8-track player to play back the sounds of the motorbikes.
Air hockey was created by a group of Brunswick Billiards employees from 1969 to 1972. In 1969, a trio of Brunswick engineers – Phil Crossman, Bob Kenrick and Brad Baldwin – began work on creating a game using a low-friction surface. The project stagnated for several years until it was revived by Bob Lemieux, who then focused on implementing an abstracted version of ice hockey, with a thin disc, two strikers and slit-like goals equipped with photodetectors. It was then decided that the game might appeal to a larger market and air hockey was marketed and sold to the general public. The original patents reference Crossman, Kendrick and Lemieux. as well as earlier work on air tables.
The game was an immediate financial success and by the mid-1970s there arose substantial interest in tournament play. As early as 1973, players in Houston had formed the Houston Air Hockey Association, and soon thereafter, the Texas Air-Hockey Players Association, codifying rules and promoting the sport through local tournaments at Houston pubs Carnabys, Damians, and the University of Houston. To ensure uniform play standards of the highest competitive quality, the United States Air-Table Hockey Association (USAA) was formed in 1975 by J. Phillip "Phil" Arnold, largely as an official sanctioning body. In this way, non-player friendly rules imposed by Brunswick corporation were rendered void, and the sport of air hockey was secured under the control of players since that time. Since its inception, the USAA has sanctioned at least one national-level or World championship each year, crowning 12 different champions over 30 years. In March 2015, the Air Hockey Players Association (AHPA) was announced and is providing air hockey players with an additional organization also overseeing the sport of air hockey. The two organizations run independently but abide by a similar set of rules and share many of the same players. In July 2015, the AHPA crowned not only its first world champion but also the youngest in the history of the sport in Colin Cummings of Beaumont, TX. Today, professional air hockey is played by a close-knit community of serious players around the world, with extensive player bases near Houston, San Francisco, Sacramento, Los Angeles, San Diego, Denver, Chicago, New York City, Boise, and Boston in the United States of America, Barcelona in Spain, Saint Petersburg, Moscow, and Novgorod in Russia. and Most and Brno in the Czech Republic. From the late 1980s, Caracas, Venezuela served as a hotbed of activity; three-time World Champion Jose Mora and other finalists originated from there. By 1999 most of the Venezuelan activity had disappeared.
Competitive air hockey
Tournament history
USAA World Championships
AHPA World Championship
US Championship
European Championship
Texas State Open
Catalan Championship
Russian Open
Notes
References
Games and sports introduced in 1972
Variations of hockey
Peder Severin Krøyer painted various portraits of his wife, Marie Krøyer née Triepcke, a fellow Danish artist who was said to be one of the most beautiful women in Copenhagen. Norwegian-born Peder had met and painted Marie in Copenhagen but fell in love with her when they met in Paris in 1889. After a honeymoon in northern Jutland and Italy, the couple settled in Skagen on the northern tip of Jutland in 1891, joining the group of artists that became known as the Skagen Painters.
The first few years of their marriage were reasonably happy, leading to the birth of their daughter Vibeke in 1895, but as a result of P. S. Krøyer's periods of mental illness, by the early 1900s they spent ever more time apart. In 1902, Marie began an affair with the Swedish composer Hugo Alfvén, with whom she became pregnant in 1905. Thereafter she spent most of her time with Alfvén in Sweden, marrying him in 1912, three years after Krøyer had died in Skagen.
Krøyer's paintings of Marie between 1888 and 1906 present a record of the years they spent together. They show some of their most enjoyable times but also hint at the marital tension that increased as time went by. Among the most notable paintings of her are Summer Evening at Skagen. The Artist's Wife and Dog by the Shore (1892), one of Denmark's most popular works, which shows Marie on the beach with their dog and with the moonlight reflected in the sea, Roses (1893), which depicts her relaxing in the garden, and Summer Evening at Skagen Beach – The Artist and his Wife (1899). Also of note are the depictions of Marie on holiday in Ravello on the Amalfi Coast of Italy in 1890; the portrait for the frieze in the dining room at Skagen's Brøndums Hotel; Chez Moi, a series of watercolours of Marie and the couple's daughter Vibeke in the family homes in Copenhagen and Skagen; and Midsummer Eve Bonfire on Skagen Beach, his last painting of her in which she is shown captured in the firelight with Alfvén.
Background and early relationship
The Skagen Painters were a close-knit group of mainly Danish artists who gathered each summer from the late 1870s in the fishing village of Skagen in the far north of Jutland, painting the local fishermen and their own family life and celebrations. Peder Severin Krøyer (1851–1909), who was born in Stavanger, Norway, but brought up in Copenhagen, first arrived in Skagen in 1882 and returned almost every summer. He had already gained a reputation for his paintings of the fishermen in Hornbæk on the north coast of Zealand and had been influenced by the Impressionist movement during his travels to France. In Skagen, he became one of the central and most enthusiastic members of the artistic community.
Marie Krøyer (1867–1940) came from an affluent German family who had moved to Copenhagen. From an early age she aspired to become an artist and after private training she went to study in Paris where Krøyer began to court her. It is believed Marie was subsequently reluctant to paint as she looked up to Krøyer as a far more accomplished artist. A few of her works have nevertheless survived.
Krøyer had visited the atelier where Marie was studying on several occasions, but the first of his works in which she appears is A Duet, painted in Heinrich Hirschsprung's Copenhagen home in 1887 where she had been invited to model for him. She can be seen seated on the left of the painting in a red dress.
Krøyer next met Marie in early 1889 in Paris where she was continuing her studies. Although he was 16 years her senior, he fell madly in love with her. That July, they were married in Augsburg in southern Germany, where Marie's parents were residing. Rather than joining the artists' colony in Skagen directly, the Krøyers chose to spend their honeymoon alone in the little fishing village of Stenbjerg in Thy in the northwest of Jutland. They stayed at the local inn for two months, taking their easels down to the beach each day to paint. In addition to portraits of Marie in the inn, one of Krøyer's paintings shows her seated at her easel on the beach. Measuring 35 x 24 cm, the picture of Marie in her room at the inn is titled Interior with the Artist's Wife and signed "Til Marie. S. Krøyer, Stenbjerg Septbr 1889". It is now in the Hirschsprung Collection of Copenhagen.
The portrait of Marie in a midnight blue dress is believed to have been painted shortly before their stay in Stenbjerg. Krøyer presented it to his new parents-in-law on the occasion of their silver wedding on 17 October 1889. Marie commented on Stenbjerg in a letter to her friends Agnes and Harald Slott-Møller: "I would certainly recommend Stenbjerg to you. It is a really pleasant place for a stay, such nice people; and the nature is impressive — but not at all pretty. Indeed it is rather desolate and saddening."
In 1890, the couple created the double portrait (pictured above) in which they painted each other. The same year they travelled to Italy where they continued their honeymoon in Ravello and Amalfi. The small oil-on-canvas work Interior. Marie Krøyer painting. Ravello shows Marie painting while they were there. They also visited the artist Kristian Zahrtmann who spent his summers in the house he had bought in Civita d'Antino, high up in the mountains in the Abruzzo region some 150 km (90 miles) south of Rome. Thanks to his enthusiasm, the town became a favourite destination for Scandinavian painters. In addition to Marie, the lunch scene includes Zahrtmann and Krøyer himself.
In Skagen
Most of Krøyer's paintings featuring Marie were painted in Skagen, which attracted a considerable number of artists who preferred to paint "en plein air" rather than to be constrained by the rather rigid approaches of the Scandinavian art academies. Both Krøyers had already visited Skagen independently before they married. The summers Krøyer spent with his wife in the 1890s were clearly a source of inspiration for him, especially as Marie had a strong sense of beauty herself, often quoting Keats' "Beauty is truth, truth beauty".
From 1891 to 1894, they spent their summers renting Madam Bendsen's house in Skagen Vesterby where the writer Otto Benzon paid them a visit in 1893. In A luncheon. The artist, his wife and the writer Otto Benzon (1893), Marie and her husband can be seen listening to Benzon attentively. Krøyer's own presence at the table indicates that the painting might well have been based on a photograph. He had bought his first camera in 1885 and by the 1890s had become a keen photographer. The English title of the painting is certainly a mistranslation from the Danish Ved frokosten. Kunstneren, hans hustru og forfatteren Otto Benzon. At the time "frokost" meant breakfast rather than lunch as can be seen here from the coffee pot, coffee cups and boiled eggs.
Frieze portrait
A portrait of Marie closely resembling a photograph by Krøyer was completed in 1891. The following year, it was added to the frieze in the dining room at Skagen's Brøndums Hotel which had become the artists' favourite meeting place. Placed next to Krøyer's own portrait, it confirmed Marie's position as an accepted member of the Skagen Painters. The dining room was designed by the architects Ulrik Plesner and Thorvald Bindesbøll in connection with the first major expansion of the hotel in 1892. At Krøyer's suggestion, it was decided to incorporate Degn Brøndum's art collection into its decoration. Over the years it became a custom that visiting artists donated portraits of each other to the hotel owner and these were placed in a frieze just under the ceiling. Today the dining room together with its frieze forms part of Skagens Museum.
Roses
In 1893, Krøyer included Marie in Roses, in which she is shown relaxing in the garden at Madam Bendsen's house. The original title is Roser. Haveparti fra Skagen med kunstnerens hustru siddende i en havestol (Roses. Garden Scene from Skagen with the Artist's Wife Sitting in a Deckchair). It too, may be based on photographs; the Hirschsprung Collection has a number of shots showing a very similar scene. The painting is interested in that its treatment of light and shadow shows how Krøyer had been influenced by the French Impressionists while he was in Paris. Marie, framed by the overhanging roses, is shown reading a newspaper; to her left is another empty deckchair which was probably where Krøyer would have sat. The Krøyers' dog, Rap, who features in a number of Krøyer's works, lies sleeping at Marie's feet.
The painting was sold for 3.1 million Danish kroner in 1985 and was donated anonymously to the Skagens Museum in 2008.
On the beach
Summer Evening at Skagen. The Artist's Wife and Dog by the Shore, one of Denmark's most popular works, was painted in 1892. It shows Marie standing on the beach with Rap by her side and the moonlight reflected in the sea. She is shown in profile and her melancholy face and bright dress glow under the light of the setting sun. The painting is one of the works in which Krøyer tries to capture the light and mood on the Skagen shore during what he called "l'heure bleue" (the blue hour), the short period at dusk when the light casts a blue tint over the landscape. The Symbolists believed the twilight hour heralded the coming of death. The moon's reflection adds a slight feeling of depth to the otherwise flat background which consists mostly of the monolithic blue sea. Marie is depicted as being at a similar height to the viewer, but the horizon rises above her head, emphasizing her radiance against the muted, nearly monochrome background.
Although it is an open-air scene, the painting Anna Ancher and Marie Krøyer on the beach at Skagen was completed in the studio from photographs Krøyer took one evening on the beach. Krøyer was not altogether happy with the results as he had needed to illuminate the photograph in the studio and hence felt that the light in the scene was not true to nature and that the mishmash of natural and artificial light had rendered the picture "two paintings in one". In 1990, an exhibition by the Hirschsprung Collection revealed a number of photographs Krøyer had used as a basis for his paintings, including the one behind Anna Ancher and Marie Krøyer on the beach at Skagen.
In 1895, Krøyer wrote to his friend Oscar Björck: "I am also thinking of painting a large portrait of my wife and me together — but for that I shall definitely need good weather, so it won't be this year." In fact it was four years later, in the summer of 1899, that he finally created the large painting Summer Evening at Skagen Beach – The Artist and his Wife. The result nevertheless has a rather melancholic tone. Despite the beautiful surroundings, Marie appears distant, disappearing into the blue moonlight. Even Krøyer's own weak figure seems to be experiencing difficulty in supporting her on his arm while the closest figure of all is Rap the dog. The painting again presents the blue half-light. Krøyer particularly appreciated "l'heure bleue": "Skagen can look so terribly dull in the bright sunlight ... but when the sun goes down, when the moon rises up out of the sea ... in recent years this has been the time I like most of all."
Watercolours of home life
In 1898, Krøyer started Chez Moi, a series of watercolours of Marie and their daughter Vibeke in the family homes in Copenhagen and Skagen in a style inspired by the Art Nouveau approach adopted by Carl Larsson whom Krøyer probably met during his time in Paris. Larsson had started painting in watercolours while a member of the Grez-sur-Loing artists' colony in France. On returning to Sweden, he had begun a series of pictures of family life with his wife and children in Sundborn in the mid-1890s, publishing it as Ett hem (A home) in 1899. Krøyer's paintings display no signs of disturbance or frustration but leave an impression of a happy family environment, no doubt in accordance with Krøyer's own desires. He exhibited the three from Skagen in 1889 at Den Frie – the exhibition of the artists' association that had been formed in 1891 with Krøyer's support – under the collective title Fra mit Skagenshjem (From my Skagen Home).
Sankt Hans bonfire
Krøyer's Midsummer Eve Bonfire on Skagen Beach, one of the best known of his works, shows many of the Skagen artists standing around the traditional Sankt Hans Aften bonfire. He had been working on the huge painting () for years before he finally completed it in 1906. Marie is standing next to a fishing boat with her new lover, Hugo Alfvén, the Swedish composer, just to the left of the flames that seem to stream towards them. Despite Alfvén's affair with Marie, Krøyer had welcomed him to the house in Skagen and appeared to tolerate their relationship. The painting is Krøyer's last major work. The preparatory pastel sketch on which it is based was produced in a couple of hours, but the painting was completed with difficulty as not only had Krøyer spent several lengthy periods in a mental hospital from 1900 but he had also begun to lose his sight, particularly in one eye. He was not altogether happy with the finished product; he thought it had become "too dark" and felt it did not capture the "pale radiance" of the sky over Skagen on Midsummer Eve. Although it is an important work in the Skagens Museum collection it is not considered to be among the best of the group portraits produced by the Skagen Painters or even by Krøyer himself. In contrast, writing in Kristeligt Dagblad, Morten Rasmussen reports that the work is considered by many to be Krøyer's "Magnum Opus", representing a reflection of his own life and a tribute to the people who contributed to his success. Marie left Krøyer for Alfvén in 1902, but it was not until 1905 when she was pregnant with Alfvén's child that Krøyer finally agreed to a divorce.
References
Sources
Literature
Paintings by Peder Severin Krøyer
Collections of the Skagens Museum
1890 paintings
Man bijt hond (Dutch: Man bites dog) is a long-running Flemish TV programme. The show aired in Flanders and the Netherlands, with separate versions for each country. The Flemish version aired from 1997 to 2013, whilst the Netherlands version originally aired from 1999 to 2015, with a revival airing since 2019.
The Flemish version, produced by Woestijnvis, aired for most of its run on Eén, before moving to VIER for its final year. The Netherlands version was produced under license by the NCRV (KRO-NCRV for the final year of its original run) and aired on NPO 1 until 2006, when it moved to NPO 2. The 2019 revival is produced, under license, by independent producer Fabiola and broadcast on SBS6.
Format
The show has a newsmagazine-style format with a large focus on human interest stories, voxpops and satirical sketches, with an often humorous and positive approach to presentation. At its peak, the Flemish version aired after the main edition of Het Journaal, VRT's daily news broadcast. It lacked a on-vision presenter, with comedian Geert Segers (Flemish version) or Michael Abspoel (Dutch version) providing commentary and linking between segments.
Some of the Flemish version's most popular segments included the daily Babbelbox feature, similar to the Canadian show Speakers' Corner, in which bypassers could record segments on a variety of topics in the form of rants, big-ups, shoutouts, jokes, music performances, among others. Other popular segments were more satirical, like the popular Vaneigens, a satirical sketch which aired at the end of each show, featuring a discussion that worked towards one particular joke about the day's top headline. Although its original run was short-lived (only running through the show's first year), the segment's popularity caused its revival during the Flemish version's final year.
The Netherlands version of the show is slightly more ironic than the original Flemish version, however, the show still had a positive approach, due to its producer's (NCRV) Christian-based values. It also adapted most of the original version's features, some of them, like the Babbelbox, outright, and some of them heavily adapted to reflect the customs of the Dutch audience (e.g. the Vaneigens sketch was modified into Ons kent Ons, with more characters and a more elaborate setting based on a supermarket, as opposed to the minimalist approach of the original version).
History
The show was created by Wouter Vandenhaute, the founder of the Woestijnvis production company, alongside company partners Jan Huyse and Erik Watté, and its main producer Bruno Wyndaele, which was behind the show's main concept. The company's first ever show, it eventually became one of the producer's top formats, alongside reality show format The Mole, sold to over 30 countries. The first edition of the original Flemish version went on the air on 1 September 1997, as part of a massive reorganization of the programming concept of Eén (then named TV1). The show soon benefitted of the audiences of the main edition of Het Journaal, at its peak, having between 800 and 900,000 viewers, quickly evolving into one of the channel's top shows. The viewers particularly appreciated the show's concept, that put the everyday activities of the ordinary Flemish populace in the spotlight.
The show's format caught the attention of the NCRV, one of the members of the Dutch public broadcasting system, who bought the show's format and adapted it to a Dutch audience, under the supervision of Marcel Sleeuwenhoek. The first edition was broadcast on 30 August 1999 on NPO 1, where it was broadcast until 2006, when the massive reorganization of the public broadcasting system caused the show to move to NPO 2. The show became as influential as the Flemish version, and it also managed to produce extremely high ratings.
Both versions of the show have also won accolades. In 2001 the Flemish version of the program won a Premio Ondas, the most prestigious Spanish media award, in the international TV category, and, in 2007, the HA! Award from the Humo magazine. On October 21, 2011, the Dutch Man bijt hond won the prize at the Gouden Televizier-Ring Gala, the most prestigious national TV award, as the most iconic television program in the 60 years of Dutch television history. This resulted in the symbolical renaming of the KPN transmitting tower in Hilversum after the show.
In 2011, Woestijnvis' parent company bought the Flemish assets of ProSiebenSat.1 Media, including VT4, which would be renamed as VIER after the takeover. Shortly after the transaction was completed, the VRT announced, in the end of April, that both Woestijnvis and the public broadcaster had agreed to part ways, and that Man bijt hond would disappear from Eén at the end of the 2011-2012 TV season, moving to the newly renamed TV channel. The first show on VIER aired on September 20, 2012.
The show's defection to VIER caused some changes to the show's format. It was now being broadcast weekly, every Thursday evening, and the show now ran for an hour (as opposed to a half-hour on Eén). The show also began focusing on longer-form content. The new format and its later timeslot was not well received by viewers, causing a massive ratings decline. Producers reacted by reintroducing the popular Vaneigens segment and moving the show to an earlier timeslot, but still ratings were lower compared to its earlier tenure on Eén. As a result, the Flemish version of the show was promptly canceled, with its final edition airing on January 21, 2013.
The Dutch version survived for longer, but the merger with the KRO-NCRV ultimately caused the cancellation of the show due to a lack of funding. The final edition of the Dutch version aired on October 2, 2015. The show's producing team was retained for a short-lived show for NPO 3, Jan rijdt rond, hosted by Jan Volgt and with a similar focus, but skewed to a younger audience.
In 2019, independent producer Fabiola (partly owned by Woestijnvis) and SBS6 teamed up for a revived version of the show, initially with a daily format every evening at 19:30, after the evening block of Hart van Nederland and Shownieuws. Most of the show's team, including announcer Michael Abspoel, returned. Although the show received decent ratings for the broadcaster in a heavily competitive timeslot (competing against the very popular De Wereld Draait Door on NPO 1 and the evening RTL Nieuws on RTL 4, both airing at the same time), and even increasing SBS6's ratings on the timeslot, the show was temporarily put on hiatus during the COVID-19 pandemic. When the show came back in May, the daily format was replaced, initially as a temporary measure, by a weekly programme under the name Man bijt hond XL, in a later timeslot of 21:30. Due to financial circumstances caused by the pandemic, the daily format was officially scrapped in mid-July, and the weekly Man bijt hond XL format was made permanent; when it came back for the autumn season, it was moved into an earlier timeslot, where it remains until today.
References
Flemish television shows
Belgian television news shows
Belgian television talk shows
Belgian television sketch shows
Belgian satirical television shows
1990s Belgian television series
2000s Belgian television series
2010s Belgian television series
1999 Belgian television series debuts
2013 Belgian television series endings
Dutch television news shows
Dutch television talk shows
Dutch comedy television series
Dutch television sketch shows
Dutch satirical television shows
1999 Dutch television series debuts
2015 Dutch television series endings
2019 Dutch television series debuts
1990s Dutch television series
2000s Dutch television series
2010s Dutch television series
2020s Dutch television series
The 21st Regiment, Mississippi Infantry was a Confederate infantry regiment from Mississippi in the American Civil War. The regiment was involved in several well documented battles including the battles of Antietam, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg and Chickamauga.
Commanders
Colonel William L. Brandon
Colonel Benjamin G. Humphreys
See also
List of Mississippi Civil War Confederate units
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Mississippi
The Australian Multicultural Council (AMC), formerly Council for Multicultural Australia (CMA), is a body appointed by the Minister for Home Affairs to advise the Australian Government on multicultural affairs, social cohesion and integration policy and programs.
History
The Council for Multicultural Australia was established by the Australian Government in July 2000 for a period of three years. Its purpose was to "raise awareness and understanding" about multiculturalism. The term of the CMA was extended for an additional three years to 2006. The Howard government allowed it to lapse in that year, with the departure of its champion Arthur Sinodinos from the office of the Prime Minister.
In August 2011, the Federal Government under Prime Minister Julia Gillard, acting in accordance with the recommendations of the Australian Multicultural Advisory Council, established the Australian Multicultural Council, with the terms of reference being to provide ongoing advice on multicultural policy, social cohesion and interfaith dialogue. The membership included Rauf Soulio, as chair of the Council, Peter Wertheim, Tanveer Ahmed, and Tim Soutphommasane. and Gail Ker, deputy chair, Yassmin Abdel-Magied, Bulent Hass Dellal , Carmel Guerra, Samina Yasmeen, and Talal Yassine, and two ex officio members, Andrew Metcalfe, and Helen Szoke.
The council's membership was allowed to lapse from July 2014 to December 2014.
Sev Ozdowski was appointed Chair of the Australian Multicultural Council in December 2014. Other members were Helena Kyriazopoulos, deputy chair, Vasan Srinivasan, Charlotte Vidor, Faiza Rehman, Bulent Hass Dellal .
Role and composition
The priorities of the council are listed as:
strengthening public understanding of a shared "Australian identity" as a unifying characteristic of Australia
harnessing the economic and social benefits of our diverse population
advancing programs and policies aimed at building harmonious and socially cohesive communities
promoting the importance of mutual respect and responsibility, which foster our shared Australian values, identity, and citizenship
building stronger and more cohesive communities and addressing barriers to participation, including racism and discrimination
promoting greater intercultural and interfaith understanding and dialogue
, the council, whose term runs from 2022 to 2025, is known as the Australian Multicultural Council. Bulent Hass Dellal is Executive Director, and other AMC members include Nora Amath, Craig Foster , Helena Kyriazopoulos, Vasan Srinivasan, Anthony Sukari and Jason Yeap .
References
External links
Multiculturalism in Australia
Pakistan participated in the 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, Iran from 1 to 16 September 1974. Athletes from Pakistan won overall 11 medals, including two gold, and finished 11th in a medal table.
References
Nations at the 1974 Asian Games
1974
Asian Games
The Mongolian Hockey Federation () is the governing body of ice hockey in Mongolia. It controls the six team national league in Mongolia, as well as the Mongolian national ice hockey team, whose first appearance in an IIHF event was the 2007 IIHF World Championship Division III tournament. They have since taken part in the 2008 IIHF World Championship Division III. In October 2012, their last appearance was the 2013 IIHF World Championship Division III Qualification in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
References
NHL.com article on Mongolian ice hockey
Mongolian Hockey Federation, Courtesy of Beijing International
External links
Mongolia at IIHF.com
Beijing International work with Mongolian Hockey Federation
International Ice Hockey Federation members
Ice hockey governing bodies in Asia
Ice
Ice hockey in Mongolia
Malta competed at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona, Spain from 22 June to 1 July 2018.
Medal summary
Medal table
Athletics
Men
Track & road events
Women
Track & road events
Boules
Men
Golf
Shooting
Men
Women
Weightlifting
Women
Wrestling
Men's Freestyle
References
Nations at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
2018
Mediterranean Games
Cogitatio Press is a Portuguese open access publisher founded in 2014, hosting four scientific peer-reviewed journals, mostly dedicated to the social sciences, in particular to media, politics, social inclusion and urban planning.
Aims and format
The publisher's model is based on publishing thematic issues in open access, whose articles are peer-reviewed by specialists in the field and posteriorly accepted or rejected for publication by the Academic Editors of the issue.
The publishers' aim is to disseminate quality research in open access, because it believes that "open-source knowledge generates something more valuable, benefiting researchers, policy-makers and society in general."
Currently, each journal of Cogitatio Press publishes an average of 12 thematic issues per year, each dedicated to a specific topic.
Journals
Cogitatio has four open access journals. Three of these journals migrated from a previous publisher named Librello. Later on, the publisher launched a fourth journal. Currently hosts four journals:
Media and Communication
Politics and Governance
Social Inclusion
Urban Planning
All these journals are indexed in the Web of Science and Scopus, two indexing and abstracting databases widely used by the scholarly community.
References
External links
Homepage
Publishing companies of Portugal
2014 establishments in Portugal
Open access publishers
John Duncan (fl. 1800–1818) was a Scottish weaver who wrote an authoritative book about weaving in 1808.
Biography
John Duncan came from Glasgow, but nothing has so far been found about his ancestry. He was the inventor of a patent tambouring machine (Patent No 2769, of 1804). This was an early sewing machine, for "raising flowers, figures and other ornaments on muslins, lawns, silks, woollens, or mixed cloths". Duncan may have used the chain stitch, which was employed for tambour lace, as was later done by Barthélemy Thimonnier. Sometimes Duncan's invention has been described as the first embroidering machine; as with other pioneering machines of the period, it was unsuccessful.
Works
Duncan's major work was Practical and Descriptive Essays on the Art of Weaving (Glasgow, 1808). It was later said, by Clinton G. Gilroy, to be an unacknowledged source used in Andrew Ure's Philosophy of Manufactures.
Duncan wrote an account of his tambouring machine in the Edinburgh Encyclopædia, article "Chain Work," according to Harte. (p. 124)
Duncan was also the probable author of the "Cloth Manufacture" article in Volume 6 of the Edinburgh Encyclopedia, signed "(J.D.)" The entry contains "a description of a loom invented by the author of this article," which purports to improve upon the vertical loom of Mr. Johnson, also discussed in the entry. Figures 3 and 4 of Plate CXCV, entitled "Vibrating Loom," illustrate his invention.
Duncan also wrote articles for Rees's Cyclopædia on:
Draught and Cording of Looms (Vol 12, 1809)
Draw Loom (Vol 12, 1809)
Hundreds (Vol 18, 1811)
Weaving (Vol 38, 1818)
and is possibly the author of:
Flax (Vol 14, 1810)
Silk (Vol 32, 1815/16)
Stocking Frame (Vol 34 1816)
and perhaps the short articles on:
Diaper (Vol 11, 1808)
Dimity (Vol 11, 1808)
Dornock (Vol 12, 1809).
References
Year of death unknown
19th-century Scottish writers
Writers from Glasgow
British weavers
Year of birth unknown
The Puerto Rico women's national field hockey team represents Puerto Rico in women's international field hockey competitions and is controlled by the Puerto Rican Hockey Federation, the governing body for field hockey in Puerto Rico.
They have never participated at the Pan American Games or in the Pan American Cup.
Tournament record
Central American and Caribbean Games
2002 – 5th place
2010 – 7th place
Pan American Challenge
2015 – 4th place
FIH Hockey Series
2018–19 – First round
Hockey World League
2014–15 – Round 1
See also
Puerto Rico men's national field hockey team
References
Americas women's national field hockey teams
National team
Field hockey
Baraeus orientalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1907. It is known from Tanzania, Malawi, Kenya, Namibia, Zimbabwe, Somalia, Cameroon, Ethiopia, and Zambia.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1907
Pristobaeus namosi is a jumping spider species in the genus Pristobaeus. It was first identified in 1996 in Fiji. The species was initially placed in the genus Palpelius but was renamed Pristobaeus namosi when Palpelius was accepted as the junior synonym for Pristobaeus in 2015.
References
Spiders of Fiji
Salticidae
Spiders described in 1996
In fluid dynamics, a Mach wave is a pressure wave traveling with the speed of sound caused by a slight change of pressure added to a compressible flow. These weak waves can combine in supersonic flow to become a shock wave if sufficient Mach waves are present at any location. Such a shock wave is called a Mach stem or Mach front. Thus, it is possible to have shockless compression or expansion in a supersonic flow by having the production of Mach waves sufficiently spaced (cf. isentropic compression in supersonic flows). A Mach wave is the weak limit of an oblique shock wave where time averages of flow quantities don't change; (a normal shock is the other limit). If the size of the object moving at the speed of sound is near 0, then this domain of influence of the wave is called a Mach cone.
Mach angle
A Mach wave propagates across the flow at the Mach angle μ, which is the angle formed between the Mach wave wavefront and a vector that points opposite to the vector of motion. It is given by
where M is the Mach number.
Mach waves can be used in schlieren or shadowgraph observations to determine the local Mach number of the flow. Early observations by Ernst Mach used grooves in the wall of a duct to produce Mach waves in a duct, which were then photographed by the schlieren method, to obtain data about the flow in nozzles and ducts. Mach angles may also occasionally be visualized out of their condensation in air, for example vapor cones around aircraft during transonic flight.
See also
Compressible flow
Prandtl–Meyer expansion fan
Shadowgraph technique
Schlieren photography
Shock wave
References
External links
Supersonic wind tunnel test demonstration (Mach 2.5) with flat plate and wedge creating an oblique shock along with numerous Mach waves(Video)
Fluid dynamics
Waves
The Tegla Kar Dzong was a fort located on a cliff above the town of Burang (also called Taklakot) in Burang County, southwestern Tibet near the Nepalese border. It seems that the Tegla Kar was built during the Zhangzhung period which was conquered by the Tibetan King Songtsen Gampo in the beginning of 7th century. It became the main fort of the kingdom of Burang in the 10th century during the reign of King Kori. The kingdom disappeared during the 15th century. After the decline of the kingdom the Dzong was converted into a convent. Tegla Kar and the nearby Simbiling Monastery was completely destroyed by artillery in 1967 during the Chinese Cultural Revolution.
References
Forts in Tibet
Dzongs in Tibet
Tibetan Buddhist monasteries
Ngari Prefecture
1967 disestablishments
Brayan Rene Villarreal (born May 10, 1987) is a Venezuelan former professional baseball pitcher. He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Detroit Tigers and Boston Red Sox. He is 6'0" tall and weighs 170 pounds.
Minor league career
Villarreal signed with the Detroit Tigers and began his professional career in 2006, pitching for the VSL Marlins/Tigers and going 0–2 with a 3.48 ERA in 14 games (five starts). He moved to the United States in 2007, though he pitched in only one game that season—for the GCL Tigers, with whom he went 0–0 with a 6.23 ERA. In 2008, he pitched for both the GCL Tigers (11 games, six starts) and West Michigan Whitecaps (one start), going a combined 1–6 with a 4.69 ERA. In 2009, he pitched for the Whitecaps again, going 5–5 with a 2.87 ERA in 26 games (16 starts), striking out 118 batters in 103 innings of work. He split 2010 between the Lakeland Flying Tigers and Erie SeaWolves, going a combined 7–8 with a 3.55 ERA in 24 starts. He struck out 136 batters in 129 innings pitched.
Villarreal was ranked among the top 20 Tigers prospects by Baseball America following the 2009, 2010, and 2011 seasons.
Major league career
Villarreal made the Tigers out of spring training in 2011, bypassing the Triple-A level. He made his major league debut on April 2 against the New York Yankees.
On April 12, 2011, Villarreal achieved a rare feat. Entering the game with a man on first and two outs, he picked off the runner immediately. With that, Villarreal recorded a hold without throwing a single pitch.
He spent 16 games at the major league level in 2011, going 1–1 with a 6.75 ERA. In 16 innings, he allowed 21 hits and 10 walks, while striking out 14 batters. He spent much of the season in the minor leagues, going 3–5 with a 5.05 ERA in 17 games (10 starts) for Triple-A Toledo.
On April 8, 2012, Villarreal was called up from Triple-A Toledo after Doug Fister went on the disabled list with an injured side. Villarreal had pitched in one game with Toledo. In innings pitched, Villareal notched a 3–5 record with 2.63 ERA, 66 strikeouts, and nine holds. However, he was not selected to the Tigers' playoff roster that won the American League pennant. In the minors, he had a 1.29 ERA in eight relief appearances that year.
On July 30, 2013, Villarreal was traded to the Boston Red Sox along with Jake Peavy in a three-team trade that sent Avisail García and Francellis Montas to the Chicago White Sox and José Iglesias to the Detroit Tigers. He was designated for assignment by the Red Sox on January 22, 2014.
Though Villarreal threw only four pitches for the Red Sox in 2013 (a walk-off bases-loaded walk against the San Francisco Giants at AT&T Park), his lone appearance still qualified him for a 2013 World Series ring, which he received during the championship ring ceremony at Fenway Park in April 2014. He became a free agent after the 2014 season.
He has since retired from professional baseball.
Repertoire
Villarreal throws three pitches: a four-seam and two-seam fastball that tops out at about 100 mph, and a slider in the upper 80s. Villarreal likes to get ahead of hitters with his fastballs and then use his slider to put them away.
Family kidnapping attempt
In March 2013, Villarreal's family home in Venezuela was attacked by three armed robbers who threatened to kidnap his relatives in the future. Police were alerted to suspicious circumstances by a neighbor. The robbers had assaulted Villarreal's father and threatened to kill his mother and younger brother if they made any noise when officers arrived.
See also
List of Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
References
External links
, or Retrosheet, or Venezuelan Professional Baseball League
1988 births
Boston Red Sox players
Caribes de Anzoátegui players
Detroit Tigers players
Erie SeaWolves players
Gulf Coast Red Sox players
Gulf Coast Tigers players
Lakeland Flying Tigers players
Living people
Lowell Spinners players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from Venezuela
Pawtucket Red Sox players
Tiburones de La Guaira players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Venezuelan expatriate baseball players in the United States
Venezuelan Summer League Tigers/Marlins players
West Michigan Whitecaps players
People from La Guaira
Sandy's Blasting Bronco is a compact steel launched roller coaster at Nickelodeon Universe amusement park, within the American Dream Meadowlands shopping and entertainment complex, at the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey, United States. The coaster is located indoors and launches riders both forwards and backwards through a compact layout.
History
In September 2016, following Triple Five's takeover of the project five years earlier, officials at the long-delayed American Dream Meadowlands shopping mall announced that the Nickelodeon Universe theme park would be built within the mall. Concept artwork from as early as November 2017 showed the then-unnamed compact launch coaster located at the back of the park, and in January 2019, construction company Ride Entertainment Group would share images of the coaster layout. On February 2, 2019, American Dream officials held a press conference at the ACE EastCoaster event at Hersheypark in Hershey, Pennsylvania, where four of the park's coasters were revealed. Sandy's Blasting Bronco was revealed to be the name of the coaster, presumably tying in with the SpongeBob SquarePants character Sandy Cheeks.
Although the Nickelodeon Universe Theme Park would open to the public on October 25, 2019, Sandy's Blasting Bronco would not open until nearly a year later. It was initially among a group of rides that had not yet been certified by the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs as ready to operate. Speculation on the cause(s) would ensue for several months, with various unverified reports and rumors attempting to explain its delayed opening until the park was forced to shut down in March due to the emerging COVID-19 pandemic. With no reopening date for the American Dream mall set by Summer 2020, as well as various reports of financial trouble from Triple Five, the mall's future was brought into question, and a possibility of the complex not reopening became widely discussed.
In August 2020, Triple Five struck an agreement with lenders in order to avoid foreclosure on the Mall of America, thus aiding in keeping the American Dream mall - and Nickelodeon Universe - afloat. After State Governor Phil Murphy green-lit the reopening of indoor amusement parks, Nickelodeon Universe reopened on October 1, 2020. Sandy's Blasting Bronco, as reported for some time previously, opened with the park and began regular operations for the public.
Characteristics
Ride experience
The train is immediately launched out of the station, hitting a top speed of . The train quickly navigates a back-to-back pair of Immelmann inversions. The train exits into a final Roll over (two inversions) before coming to a complete stop in the station. The turntable station then proceeds to spin the train a full 180° around, facing the train backwards. The train then goes for its second lap, navigating the launch and layout once again, although with the riders facing backwards. Once the train has returned to the station, the turntable once again rotates the train into a forwards-facing position, and riders then unboard.
Statistics
Sandy's Blasting Bronco packs 4 inversions and of track into an extremely compact site, where it stands as tall as . The ride is powered by a Linear Synchronous Motor (LSM) launch, which can send riders into a top speed of , whether the train is positioned forwards or backwards. The station platform also doubles as a turntable, which can rotate the train to take the layout both facing forwards and backwards. It can also lead to a maintenance track designated for the attraction's single 12 passenger trains.
Sandy's Blasting Bronco was designed and manufactured by Liechtenstein-based Swiss manufacturer Intamin, and is the first installation of their recent Vertical LSM Model. It is the first Intamin product to feature a track lighting package from Iowa based KCL Engineering, who had installed similar, extravagant packages on various Gerstlauer coasters, including the neighboring TMNT Shellraiser. The Monster, TMNT Shellraiser and subsequent rides lighting system's originator and designer, Mike Lambert, was recognized with (2) Illuminating Engineering Society (IES) Illumination Awards for Innovation in Design.
References
External links
Sandy's Blasting Bronco at Intamin
SpongeBob SquarePants
Nickelodeon in amusement parks
Roller coasters in New Jersey
Roller coasters manufactured by Intamin
Nickelodeon Universe
East Rutherford, New Jersey
In 45 of the 50 states of the United States, the county is used for the level of local government immediately below the state itself. Louisiana uses parishes, and Alaska uses boroughs. In Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island, some or all counties within states have no governments of their own; the counties continue to exist as legal entities, however, and are used by states for some administrative functions and by the United States Census bureau for statistical analysis. There are 3,242 counties and county equivalent administrative units in total, including the District of Columbia and 100 county-equivalents in the U.S. territories.
There are 41 independent cities in the United States. In Virginia, any municipality that is incorporated as a city legally becomes independent of any county. Where indicated, the statistics below do not include Virginia's 38 independent cities.
In Alaska, most of the land area of the state has no county-level government. Those parts of the state are divided by the United States Census Bureau into census areas, which are not the same as boroughs. The state's largest statistical division by area is the Yukon–Koyukuk Census Area, which is larger than any of the state's boroughs. Although Anchorage is called a municipality, it is considered a consolidated city and borough.
There are 100 county-equivalents in the territories of the United States: they are the 3 districts and 2 atolls of American Samoa, all of Guam (Guam as one single county-equivalent), the 4 municipalities in the Northern Mariana Islands, the 78 municipalities of Puerto Rico, the 3 main islands of the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the 9 islands in the U.S. Minor Outlying Islands. All of these territorial county-equivalents are defined by the U.S. Census Bureau.
Count
This is the number of counties and county-equivalents for each state, the District of Columbia, the 5 inhabited territories of the United States, and the U.S. Minor Outlying Islands.
Lists of counties and county equivalents by number per political division:
Total (50 states and District of Columbia): 3,143 (3,007 counties and 136 county equivalents)
Total (50 states, District of Columbia and territories): 3,243 (3,007 counties and 236 county equivalents)
Average number of counties per state (not including D.C. and the territories): 62.84
Average number of counties per state (including D.C. and the territories): 56.8947368421
Population
Nationwide population extremes
These rankings include county equivalents.
The following is a list of the least populous counties and county-equivalents in all U.S. territory. Note that the only entity on this list with a permanent human population is Swains Island, American Samoa. The first 8 counties (county-equivalents) are uninhabited, while the 10th on the list (Palmyra Atoll) has a small non-permanent human population whose maximum capacity is 20 people.
Population per state or territory
Area
Nationwide land area extremes
The largest counties and county-equivalents are organized boroughs and the census areas of Alaska with the top two being Yukon–Koyukuk Census Area () and North Slope Borough (). The smallest counties and county equivalents (in the 50 states) are the independent cities of Virginia with the extreme being Falls Church at . If the U.S. territories are included, the smallest county-equivalent is Kingman Reef, with a land area of .
The following two tables exclude county-equivalents:
The following two tables include county-equivalents:
Largest county or county-equivalent: Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska
Largest true county: San Bernardino County, California
Smallest county or county-equivalent: Kingman Reef, U.S. Minor Outlying Islands
Smallest county or county-equivalent in the 50 states: Independent City of Falls Church, Virginia
Smallest true county: Kalawao County, Hawaii
Smallest, largest, and average area per state and territory
The following is a list of counties and county-equivalents showing the average size of each state/territory's counties, the smallest county (or equivalent) in each state/territory, and the largest county (or equivalent) in each state/territory. States/territories on the list are arranged by the average land area of their counties. Though not on the list, the North Slope Borough is the largest independently incorporated county equivalent. The Unorganized Borough is substantially larger, but is an extension of the State of Alaska government and not independently incorporated.
Also note that the smallest land area with county-level governance in the U.S. is Falls Church, Virginia, but it is an independent city and not a county or part of one. Kingman Reef is the smallest county-equivalent in all U.S. territory (though it has no government). Kalawao County, Hawaii is the smallest true county by land area.
Population density
Most densely populated
Data presented below is based on U.S. Census department data from 2010. Calculations are made by dividing the population by the land area. All county equivalents are included. This list includes the 50 most densely-populated counties and county-equivalents in the 50 states and District of Columbia, plus the 9 highest-density municipalities (county-equivalents) of Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico is the only U.S. territory with population densities (of county-equivalents) high enough to be on this list. Note that many of these high-density counties are coterminous with large cities (for example San Francisco and Philadelphia) or are independent cities in Virginia (as well as Baltimore and St. Louis) which are considered county-equivalents.
Least densely populated
This list was generated by dividing the population by the land area. All county equivalents are included. The list is dominated by just a few states: Alaska, Montana, and Texas together comprise about two-thirds of the entries.The Unorganized Borough is not included here as a unit, but its census areas (non-governmental entities) are. If the census areas were removed from the list, the Unorganized Borough would rank fourteenth with a density of .
The 8 uninhabited county-equivalents in the U.S. territories are listed at the top of the table — these are technically the least-densely populated counties/county-equivalents in the United States, but since they have no people, they are listed unranked.
Population density per state and territory
Data presented below is based on U.S. Census Bureau data from 2010. Calculations are made by dividing the population by the land area. All county equivalents are included.
Excluding the census areas of Alaska, Lake and Peninsula Borough is the least densely populated county equivalent with .
The District of Columbia and Guam each only have one county-equivalent, so their most/least densely-populated county is the same.
See also
Local government in the United States
Notes
References
External links
Labor Statistics County Employment and Wages
Political divisions of the United States
de:County (Vereinigte Staaten)#Statistiken
The Center for the Study of New Testament Manuscripts (CSNTM) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization whose mission is to digitally preserve Greek New Testament manuscripts. Toward that end, CSNTM takes digital photographs of manuscripts at institutions, libraries, museums, monasteries, universities, and archives around the world. The images produced are freely accessible on the Center's website—a searchable library of Greek New Testament manuscripts. With more than 50,000 users examining manuscripts in their digital library each year, the Center's digitization work facilitates a partnership between manuscript owners, archivists, and researchers around the world.
Background
New Testament scholar and professor Daniel B. Wallace founded CSNTM in September 2002 to utilize emerging technologies to photograph and fully archive all known Greek New Testament manuscripts. The Center is based in Plano, Texas. Since its founding, CSNTM has gained an international reputation for its expertise in digitization and manuscript studies. As of 2019, the CSNTM has collaborated with more than 45 institutions on 4 continents to produce nearly 300,000 images from approximately 700 New Testament manuscripts. In the process, they have discovered over 75 New Testament manuscripts that were previously unknown. Their online library features images or links to more than 1,700 manuscripts.
Equipment
CSNTM uses 50.6-megapixel Canon EOS 5DS cameras mounted on a customized Graz Traveller's Conservation Copy Stand for its standard digitization projects. The Traveller's Conservation Copy Stand is specially designed for digitally preserving fragile materials.
In 2018, CSNTM acquired Multispectral Imaging (MSI) technology from MegaVision and has adapted the Graz system to make this technology portable as well.
GA 2882
In October 2005, the Center for the Study of New Testament Manuscripts acquired a tenth or eleventh century minuscule of the Gospel of Luke on parchment. It was later catalogued as Gregory–Aland 2882.
Select major projects
Biblioteca Medicea Laurenziana (2011)
In November 2011, CSNTM traveled to the Biblioteca Medicea Laurenziana (BML) in Florence, Italy. The phenomenal library, founded by the Medici family and designed by none other than Michelangelo himself, holds over 2500 papyri, 11,000 total manuscripts, and 128,000 printed texts. Through this trip, CSNTM added new images of 28 manuscripts from the BML.
This BML collection contains papyri, majuscules, minuscules, and lectionaries. Highlights from the expedition include GA Lect 117 (an eleventh-century lectionary, written entirely in gold letters), GA 620 (features Paul's epistles after the book of Revelation—a very rare phenomenon), and GA 367 (one of only sixty complete Greek New Testament manuscripts known to exist).
Chester Beatty Library (2013)
Over the course of a four-week expedition in July–August 2013, a six-person team from CSNTM digitized all the Greek biblical papyri at the Chester Beatty Library in Dublin, Ireland. The Chester Beatty Papyri, published in the 1930s and 1950s, are some of the oldest and most important biblical manuscripts known to exist. Housed at the CBL, they have attracted countless visitors every year. It is safe to say that the only Greek biblical manuscripts that might receive more visitors are Codex Sinaiticus and Codex Alexandrinus—both on display at the British Library.
The New Testament papyri at the CBL include P46 (the oldest manuscript of Paul's letters—dated c. AD 200), P45 (the oldest manuscript of Mark's Gospel, with portions of the other Gospels and Acts—3rd century), and P47 (the oldest manuscript of Revelation—3rd century). One or two of the Old Testament papyri are as old as the 2nd century AD. CSNTM photographed each manuscript against white and black backgrounds, every image being over 120 megabytes, and some of the photographs revealing text that had not been seen before. Besides the papyri, CSNTM also digitized all of the Greek New Testament manuscripts at the CBL as well as several others, including some early apocryphal texts. The total number of images came to more than 5100.
University of Michigan (2014)
In July 2014, CSNTM traveled to the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan to digitize their portion of P46. This was part of a combined project that virtually reunited P46, since it is housed in two separate locations (University of Michigan & Chester Beatty Library). The University's preservation department is known around the world for their work in papyrological preservation.
National Library of Greece (2015–2016)
CSNTM completed one of their largest digitization projects at the National Library of Greece (NLG) in Athens. Beginning in 2015 and continuing into 2016, roughly forty-five people worked for months intermittently at the National Library digitizing their entire collection of Greek New Testament manuscripts. This collection is one of the largest in the world and has a multitude of priceless artifacts.
Over 150,000 pages of manuscripts were digitized (more than 300 manuscripts), and about 200,000 pages were examined—the difference due to the fact that several of the artifacts were deemed not to be New Testament manuscripts or were too fragile to digitize. In the process, 21 manuscripts unknown to the Institute for New Testament Textual Research (INTF) in Münster, Germany were digitized.
National Centre of Manuscripts (2018)
In the summer of 2018, CSNTM traveled to Tbilisi, Georgia to digitize five manuscripts housed at the National Centre of Manuscripts. Foremost among these manuscripts was Codex Koridethi (Θ), a 9th-century majuscule manuscript of the Gospels, but also early majuscules 0211 and 0240 of the Gospels and Paul's letters, respectively. 0240 is a palimpsest that required digitization utilizing multispectral imaging. Alongside these three manuscripts, two lectionaries were also digitized.
Heidelberg University (2018)
Following the expedition in Tbilisi, CSNTM digitized manuscripts at Heidelberg University's Institute for Papyrology. Once again, the multispectral imaging camera was used to capture images of three very early manuscripts: P40, 0166, and 0187. These three manuscripts contain portions of the Gospels, Acts, and Paul and date between the 3rd and 6th centuries.
Complete list of projects
Europe
Bible Museum, Münster, Westphalia, Germany (2002–2003)
Tübingen University Library, Tübingen, Germany (2003)
Ecumenical Patriarchate, Istanbul, Turkey (2004)
Monastery of St. John the Theologian, Patmos, Greece (2006–2008)
National Archives; Tirana, Albania (2007–2008)
University of Glasgow Library, Glasgow, Scotland (2008)
St Andrews University Library, St Andrews, Scotland (2008)
De Hamel Collection, Cambridge, England (2008)
Christ's College, Cambridge, England (2008)
Clare College, Cambridge, England (2008)
Tyndale House, Cambridge, England (2008)
Arundel Castle, England (2008)
Leicestershire Record Office, Leicester, England (2008)
Bavarian State Library, Munich, Germany (2009)
Benaki Museum, Athens, Greece (2009)
National Historical Museum, Historical and Ethnological Society, Athens, Greece (2009).
Private Collection, United Kingdom (2009)
Byzantine and Christian Museum, Athens, Greece (2010–2011)
Museum of Literature, Iasi, Romania (2010)
Biblioteca Medicea Laurenziana, Florence, Italy (2011)
Gennadius Library, American School of Classical Studies, Athens, Greece (2012)
University of Athens Historical Museum, Athens, Greece (2012)
Zagora Historical Library, Athens, Greece (2012–2013)
Chester Beatty Library, Dublin, Ireland (2013)
National Library of Greece, Athens, Greece (2014–16)
University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, Scotland (2016)
Tatarnis Monastery, Tripotamon, Greece (2017)
Panagias Monastery, Proussos, Greece (2017)
Hellenic Parliament, Athens, Greece (2018)
Byzantine Museum of Ioannina, Ioannina, Greece (2018)
Institute for Papyrology, Heidelberg University, Heidelberg, Germany (2018)
Asia
National Centre of Manuscripts, Tbilisi, Republic of Georgia (2018)
Australia
Macquarie University, Sydney, Australia (2009)
Auckland Public Library, Auckland, New Zealand (2009)
North America
Charles C. Ryrie Private Collection, Dallas, Texas, USA (2003–2004)
Private Collection, Dallas, TX (2003)
Private Collection, Pennsylvania (2005)
The Scriptorium, Orlando, Florida, USA (2008)
Gruber Collection, Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago, Chicago, Illinois, USA (2010)
Bridwell Library, Southern Methodist University, Dallas, Texas, USA (2010) (2019)
Drew University, Madison, New Jersey, USA (2012)
Trinity College, Hartford, Connecticut, USA (2012)
American Bible Society, New York City, New York, USA (2012)
New York Public Library, Rare Books and Manuscripts Division, New York City, New York, USA (2012)
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA (2008) (2014)
Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary, Fort Worth, Texas, USA (2014)
Houston Baptist University, Houston, Texas, USA (2019)
Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, Louisville, Kentucky, USA (2019)
See also
Institute for New Testament Textual Research
Textual Criticism
Digital Humanities
References
External links
Center for the Study of New Testament Manuscripts (CSNTM)
CSNTM Endorsements
Biblical criticism
Greek New Testament manuscripts
Textual scholarship
Alan Gussow (May 8, 1931 – May 5, 1997) was an American artist, teacher, author and conservationist devoted to and inspired by the natural environment.
Life and education
Gussow was born May 8, 1931, in New York City but grew up in Rockville Centre, NY. He took art classes at the Pratt Institute before graduating from Middlebury College in 1952 with a degree in Literature. The following year, while studying painting at Cooper Union, he was awarded the Prix de Rome. Only 21 years old, he was the youngest ever to have won the award at that time. By the time he left New York to study at the American Academy in Rome from 1953 to 1955, Gussow had learned printmaking from Stanley William Hayter, and was already heavily influenced by Paul Klee, Arshile Gorky, and Stuart Davis.
In 1956, Gussow married Joan Dye, who was then a Time magazine researcher and later a nutritionist and chair of the nutrition department at Columbia Teacher's College. Together, they made a home with their sons in the Hudson River Valley, where they eventually became avid organic gardeners, incorporating into their home garden a method of biodynamic double digging championed by Alan Chadwick. Balancing his passion for art with teaching jobs, writing, and endeavors to save the environment, Gussow made yearly painting trips to Monhegan Island, ME and kept a studio in his New York home. He died from cancer May 5, 1997, in Piermont, NY.
Art
Over the course of an artistic career that lasted almost half a century, Gussow honed a visionary blend of abstraction and representation with nature as his primary subject.
Gussow cites his walks through the Middlebury college campus in Vermont as some of his original inspiration to become an artist. His early paintings created in the 1950s and 1960s are landscapes of a more traditional nature, depicting scenes painted from a separate vantage point. Still, Gussow came of age in a time when action painting and artists like Jackson Pollock and Franz Kline were at the peak of their popularity, and eventually he connected the energy of his art with the energy he experienced in natural settings, presenting a perspective all his own.
The works he created throughout the 1970s and the rest of his life capture deeper, more personal encounters with nature—smells, tastes, tactile sensations, sounds. In The New York Times, Holland Cotter describes a selection of Gussow's later pastels, "...passages of undulating horizontal lines suggested both flowing water and fingerprint patterns, summing up the intimate link between man and nature that was Mr. Gussow's central concern."
In 1980, Gussow experienced what he would later describe as a pivotal realization when he traveled with his wife to Australia and was captivated by aboriginal art. Profoundly moved by the role art played in these communities, Gussow severed his gallery connection upon returning home and began to experiment with art as a process instead of as a product. In 1982 his International Shadow Project was a prime example of his belief that an artist's duty is to connect people to their shared potential to change the world around them. On the 40th anniversary of the bombings on Hiroshima, the project involved 15,000 people painting silhouettes in the streets of 400 cities all over the world in an act of creative remembrance.
Gussow's first solo museum show was in 1961 at the Washington County Museum of Fine Arts in Hagerstown, MD; he has since been the focus of more than 50 one-man exhibitions and has been included in over 60 groups shows internationally. After 20 years of representation by the Peridot Gallery and Joan T. Washburn, Gussow's work has shown at the Sid Deutsch Gallery, MB Modern, Gavin Brown's Enterprise and Babcock Galleries. His work can be found in numerous significant museums as well as public and private collections in the U.S. and abroad.
Gussow as an activist, author, and educator
In addition to being recognized as a painter, Gussow was a voice heard nationally on matters concerning the natural environment. His first foray into the world of activism was in 1965 when he played an integral role in preventing a proposed Con Edison plant that would have destroyed Storm King Mountain in the Hudson Valley. With others, he went on to found the Citizen's Committee for the Hudson River, and brought Senator Robert F. Kennedy to the Hudson to explain the dangers facing the river. Gussow testified before Congress on environmental issues and advised George McGovern when he was a senator and embarking on his presidential campaign. As a consultant for the National Park Service, he implemented and inaugurated the Artist in Residence program in the National Parks.
Gussow was an active teacher for 40 years. He played a significant role in establishing the fine arts program at the Parsons School of Design, where he taught through 1968, and also taught at Sarah Lawrence College, the University of Massachusetts, Middlebury College, and the University of California in Santa Cruz where he held positions in both the Environmental Studies and the Art Department.
Gussow's publications include 13 articles, essays and monographs. His book, A Sense of Place: The Artist and the American Land, published in 1972, couples works by American landscape artists spanning four centuries with excerpts of their own writing. Both this book and his 1993 publication, The Artist as Native: Reinventing Regionalism, inspired major gallery exhibitions.
References
External links
Artwork Examples on artnet
Artwork Examples on askart
Artwork and exhibition information at Babcock Galleries
Obituary by Holland Cotter in NY Times
Exhibition reviewed in NY Times by Grace Glueck
Photographs of Alan Gussow from the UC Santa Cruz Library's Digital Collections
1931 births
20th-century American painters
American male painters
1997 deaths
Artists from New York (state)
20th-century American male artists
O2 Czech Republic (operating under the O2 brand) is a major integrated operator in the Czech Republic. It is now operating more than six million lines, both fixed and mobile, making it one of the Czech Republic's leading providers of fully converged services. O2 Czech Republic operates a fixed and mobile network including a 3rd generation network, CDMA (for data), UMTS and EDGE, enabling voice, data and video transmission. O2 Czech Republic is also a provider of ICT services.
Previously two companies, fixed-line operator Český Telecom and mobile operator Eurotel, it was acquired by the Spanish company Telefónica in 2005 and merged into a single legal entity and given its present name on 1 July 2006.
In 2013 it was announced that Telefónica would sell its stake in the company to PPF and the company would continue to use the O2 brand for a maximum of four years. In August 2017 the brand license agreement was extended to 2022, with a 5 year extension to 2027 available.
History
The company was initially known as SPT Telecom (Státní telekomunikační podnik, state-owned telecommunications company), and used to have a monopoly for providing fixed-line services. It was reorganized and renamed Český Telecom (Czech Telecom), after the Velvet Divorce saw Czechoslovakia separate into the Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993.
Its mobile subsidiary, Eurotel, was founded in 1990 as a joint venture between SPT (51%) and the American joint-venture Atlantic West (between US WEST International, Inc. and Bell Atlantic International Inc.). On launch, it received an exclusive five-year licence to operate a public data network, and a 20-year licence for the 450 MHz band to operate an analogue NMT mobile phone network, and automatically also a right to buy a licence to the future GSM network.
In 2001, it won a license to the third-generation UMTS network. It paid 1 billion korunas immediately and promised to pay an additional 2.5 billion korunas annually. It also agreed to launch the service commercially, at least in Prague, by 1 January 2005. In 2003, it received a one-year extension in exchange for faster payments. In 2005 it was granted another year-long extension due to the granting of a third licence to Vodafone. In the event, UMTS services launched on 1 November 2005. On 1 May 2006, the company launched HSDPA services on top of UMTS services.
In 2004 it launched CDMA/1xEV-DO broadband wireless service (data-only) at 450 MHz, leveraging its legacy NMT network.
In 2012, O2 Czech Republic opened its network to virtual operators.
On 1 June 2015, O2 Czech Republic has been separated into two mutually independent companies. O2 is the retail operator with the infrastructure provided by CETIN. The separation includes commercial and managerial leadership and management of both companies, including security, IT and control systems.
References
External links
Mobile phone companies of the Czech Republic
Telecommunication companies established in 2006
2006 establishments in the Czech Republic
Telefónica
PPF Group
Yuri Puntus (; ; born 8 October 1960) is a Soviet football player and a Belarusian football coach. He quit playing football in 1987 because of an injury. Puntus graduated from two universities: Belarusian Technological Institute (specialty – mechanical engineer) in 1983 and Belarusian State University of Physical Training in 1996.
Managerial career
After working for a few seasons in Russian and Belarusian lower leagues' clubs, in 1996 Puntus was appointed as a head coach for newly-reformed BATE Borisov. Puntus led the team to the Belarusian Premier League in just two seasons and eventually won two championship titles (in 1999 and 2002).
In 2004 Puntus joined MTZ-RIPO Minsk and led the team to winning Belarusian Cup in 2005. In January 2006 he was appointed as Belarus national football team head coach and later that year he left MTZ-RIPO to focus on national team's UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying campaign. In late 2007 he was sacked due to unsatisfying results and immediately rejoined MTZ-RIPO, before leading them to another Cup title in 2008.
In the following years Puntus coached Dinamo Brest (from 2009 to 2011), Smolevichi-STI (from 2011 to 2013), whom he led to the promotion from Second League to First League, and Slavia Mozyr, whom he joined in early 2014.
Honours
As Coach
BATE Borisov
Belarusian Premier League champion: 1999, 2002
MTZ-RIPO Minsk
Belarusian Cup winner: 2004–05, 2007–08
References
1960 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Belarusian footballers
Association football forwards
Belarusian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
FC Traktor Minsk players
FC Granit Mikashevichi players
FC Baranovichi players
FC Spartak Semey players
FC Yugra Nizhnevartovsk players
Soviet football managers
Belarusian football managers
Belarusian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Russia
FC BATE Borisov managers
FC Partizan Minsk managers
Belarus national football team managers
FC Dynamo Brest managers
FC Smolevichi managers
FC Slavia Mozyr managers
FC Belshina Bobruisk managers
FC Torpedo Zhodino managers
Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry and Neurology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering the fields of psychiatry and neurology in geriatric settings. The journal editor-in-chief is James M. Ellison (Thomas Jefferson University). It was established in 1988 and is published by SAGE Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 2.109.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1988
Gerontology journals
Psychiatry journals
Neurology journals
Starokatayevo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Novokatayevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 543 as of 2010. There are 12 streets.
Geography
Starokatayevo is located 10 km east of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novokatayevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Uroš II may refer to:
Uroš II, Grand Prince of Serbia, Grand Prince of Serbia (1145-1162)
Stefan Uroš II, King of Serbia (1282-1321)
See also
Uroš I (disambiguation)
Stefan Uroš (disambiguation)
Uroš Nemanjić (disambiguation)
Uroš Vukanović (disambiguation)
Serbia (disambiguation)
The South Atlantic Bight is a bight in the United States coastline extending from Cape Hatteras, North Carolina to the Upper Florida Keys. The Bight forms the western boundary of the Sargasso Sea and the Gulf Stream ocean current forms the eastern boundary of the ecosystem of the bight. Major cities along the bight include from north to south: Wilmington, Myrtle Beach, Charleston, Savannah, Jacksonville, St. Augustine, West Palm Beach, Fort Lauderdale, and Miami.
Bathymetry
The bight is fairly shallow with the continental shelf extending far offshore except off south Florida and North Carolina. The Blake Plateau forms a zone of intermediary depth before dropping to the Hatteras Abyssal Plain with the Blake Escarpment. The Escarpment is defined as the geological bathymetric eastern boundary of the bight. Within the northern plateau is the Charleston Bump which deflects the Gulf Stream northeastward from its initial northerly motion. Due to storms and unpredictable shoaling, the area off the North Carolina Outer Banks is known as the Graveyard of the Atlantic. The southern part of the bight borders the Bermuda Triangle where many aircraft and sea vessels have been lost off Florida from various causes. The seafloor of the bight contains various debris and discarded rocket components from decades of launches from Cape Canaveral. A notable spacecraft, the Liberty Bell 7 was recovered from the Blake Escarpment in 1999 after being lost. Debris from launches often washes up on shores as far as North Carolina after being dredged up by hurricanes and moved around by currents.
Hurricanes
Hurricanes frequently make landfall along the bight except in Northern Florida and Georgia where seasonal steering patterns usually cause storms to recurve before encountering land in these areas. The warmer waters of the Gulf Stream allows storms to intensify before making landfall. Notable storms include hurricanes Hugo, Fran, Floyd, Isabel, Matthew, Florence, and Dorian in the Carolinas as well as hurricanes King, David, Francis, and Jeanne, in Florida. In the winter, Nor'easters begin their formation in the South Atlantic Bight as northeast moving low pressure systems carrying cold air from Canada encounter the warm waters of the Gulf Stream.
References
Bights (geography)
Bodies of water of Florida
Bodies of water of Georgia (U.S. state)
Bodies of water of North Carolina
Bodies of water of South Carolina
The Wilkes-Barre Bullets were a professional football team in the American Association that played from 1948 to 1949.
In 1948, the Bullets went 1-9, finishing in last place in the six-team league.
In 1949, six games through the season, the League revoked the Bullets franchise and listed the four remaining games as forfeits. Their official record for the season 3-7, finishing fifth.
References
American football teams established in 1948
Defunct American football teams in Pennsylvania
Sports in the Scranton–Wilkes-Barre metropolitan area
1948 establishments in Pennsylvania
1949 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
American football teams disestablished in 1949
Myosin-13 also known as myosin, heavy chain 13 is a protein which in humans is encoded by the MYH13 gene.
Function
MYH13 is a myosin whose expression is restricted primarily to the extrinsic eye muscles which are specialized for function in eye movement.
References
Further reading
Total iron-binding capacity (TIBC) or sometimes transferrin iron-binding capacity is a medical laboratory test that measures the blood's capacity to bind iron with transferrin. Transferrin can bind two atoms of ferric iron (Fe3+) with high affinity. It means that transferrin has the capacity to transport approximately from 1.40 to 1.49 mg of iron per gram of transferrin present in the blood.
It is performed by drawing blood and measuring the maximum amount of iron that it can carry, which indirectly measures transferrin since transferrin is the most dynamic carrier. If TIBC values are known, the transferrin concentration can be estimated with the following formulas:
Transferrin (mg/dL) = 0.8 x TIBC (µg of iron/dL) – 43
Transferrin (mg/dL) = 0.7 x TIBC (µg of iron/dL)
To measure TIBC in the blood is less expensive than a direct measurement of transferrin.
The TIBC should not be confused with the unsaturated iron-binding capacity or UIBC (LOINC , & ). The UIBC is calculated by subtracting the serum iron from the TIBC.
Interpretation
Taken together with serum iron and percent transferrin saturation clinicians usually perform this test when they are concerned about anemia, iron deficiency or iron deficiency anemia. However, because the liver produces transferrin, alterations in function (such as cirrhosis, hepatitis, or liver failure) must be considered when performing this test. It can also be an indirect test of liver function, but is rarely used for this purpose.
The percent transferrin saturation (i.e., the result of the formula of serum iron/TIBC x 100) can also be a useful indicator. Studies also revealed that a transferrin saturation (serum iron concentration ÷ total iron binding capacity) over 60 percent in men and over 50 percent in women identified the presence of an abnormality in iron metabolism (Hereditary hemochromatosis, heterozygotes and homozygotes) with approximately 95 percent accuracy. This finding helps in the early diagnosis of Hereditary hemochromatosis, especially while serum ferritin still remains low. The retained iron in Hereditary hemochromatosis is primarily deposited in parenchymal cells, with reticuloendothelial cell accumulation occurring very late in the disease. This is in contrast to transfusional iron overload in which iron deposition occurs first in the reticuloendothelial cells and then in parenchymal cells. This explains why ferritin levels remain relative low in Hereditary hemochromatosis, while transferrin saturation is high.
These examples demonstrate that to properly understand a value for TIBC, one also must know the serum iron, the percent transferrin saturation, and the individual clinical situation. In modern laboratory testings, serum ferritin levels are generally accepted as reliable single indicators of the presence of iron deficiency.
Usual values
Laboratories often use different units of measurement and "normal ranges" may vary by population and the laboratory techniques used. Look at the individual laboratory reference values to interpret a specific test (for instance, your own). Example reference ranges are:
Serum iron: Male 65–177 μg/dL (11.6–31.7 μmol/L); Female 50–170 μg/dL (9.0–30.4 μmol/L)
TIBC: 250–370 μg/dL (45-66 μmol/L)
Transferrin saturation: Male 20–50%; Female 15–50%
Serum ferritin: Male 20-250 μg/L, Female 15-150 μg/L
μg/dL = micrograms per deciliter; μmol/L = micromoles per litre.
References
External links
TIBC, UIBC and Transferrin Saturation at Lab Tests Online
Blood tests
Iron metabolism
Transferrins
Donald Sutherland Bain (March 6, 1935 – October 21, 2017) was an American author and ghostwriter, having written over 115 books in his 40-year career.
Bibliography
The Coffee, Tea or Me? series
byline: Trudy Baker and Rachel Jones
Coffee, Tea or Me? (1967)
The Coffee Tea or Me Girls' Round-the-World Diary (1970)
The Coffee Tea or Me Girls Lay It on the Line (1972)
The Coffee Tea or Me Girls Get Away From it All (1974)
The Murder, She Wrote series
byline: Jessica Fletcher and Donald Bain
A spin-off book series based on the Murder, She Wrote American crime drama television series starring Angela Lansbury as mystery writer and amateur detective Jessica Fletcher.
Gin and Daggers (1st edition) (1989)
Manhattans and Murder (1994)
Rum and Razors (1995)
Brandy and Bullets (1995)
Martinis and Mayhem (1995)
A Deadly Judgment (1996)
A Palette for Murder (1996)
The Highland Fling Murders (1997)
Murder on the QE2 (1997)
Murder in Moscow (1998)
A Little Yuletide Murder (1998)
Murder at the Powderhorn Ranch (1999)
Knock 'em Dead (1999)
Gin and Daggers (2nd edition) (2000)
Trick or Treachery (2000)
Blood on the Vine (2001)
Murder in a Minor Key (2001)
Provence - to Die for (2002)
You Bet Your Life (2002)
Majoring in Murder (2003)
Destination Murder (2003)
Dying to Retire (2004)
A Vote for Murder (2004)
The Maine Mutiny (2005)
Margaritas and Murder (2005)
A Question of Murder (2006)
Three Strikes and You're Dead (2006)
Coffee, Tea, or Murder? (2007)
Panning For Murder (2007)
Murder on Parade (2008)
A Slaying in Savannah (2008)
Madison Avenue Shoot (2009)
A Fatal Feast (2009)
Nashville Noir (2010)
The Queen's Jewels (2010)
Skating on Thin Ice (2011)
The Fine Art of Murder (2011)
Trouble at High Tide (2012)
Domestic Malice (2012)
Prescription For Murder (2013)
Close-Up On Murder (2013)
Aloha Betrayed (2014)
Death of a Blue Blood (2014)
Killer in the Kitchen (2015)
The Ghost and Mrs. Fletcher (2015)
Design for Murder (2016)
Hook, Line, and Murder (2016)
A Date with Murder (2018) written with Jon Land
Comedic novels
Tender Loving Care – byline: Joni Moura & Jackie Sutherland (1969)
Girlpower – byline: Kathy Cole & Donna Bain (1971)
How to Make a Good Airline Stewardess – byline: Cornelius Wohl & Bill Wenzel (1972)
If It Moves, Kiss It – byline: Joni Moura & Jackie Sutherland (1973)
We Gave at the Office – byline: Laura Mills & Pauline Burlick (1977)
Fly Me - byline: Cornelius Wohl & Bill Wenzel (1974)
Teachers Pet – byline: Janet McMillan & Mitzi Sims (1975)
The Casting Couch and Me – byline: Joan Wood (1975)
Wall Street & Broad – byline: Teri Palmer (1976)
The J.D. Hardin western series
byline: J.D. Hardin
Bloody Sands
The Spirit & the Flesh
Death Flotilla
The Lone Star Massacre
Raider's Revenge
Raider's Hell
Apache Gold
Bibles, Bullets & Brides
Death Lode
Other novels
The Airport Affair (1975) – byline: David Toma & Jack Pearl
The Affair of the Unhappy Hooker (1976) – byline: David Toma & Jack Pearl
Sado Cop (1976) – byline: Nick Vasile
A Member of the Family (1993) – byline: Nick Vasile
Raven (1987) – byline: Mike Lundy
Baby Farm (1987) – byline: Mike Lundy
Daughter of the Sand (1978) – byline: Pamela South
The Eagle & the Serpent (1982) – byline: Lee Jackson
Texas Lily (1987) – byline: Stephanie Blake
Biographies and autobiographies
Murder HE Wrote: A Successful Writer's Life (2006) (Autobiography)
Other books
The Racing Flag (1965) – byline: Bloys Britt & Bill France
Veronica (1969) – byline: Veronica Lake (her autobiography, whose ghostwriter he was)
The Case Against Private Aviation (1969) – byline: Donald Bain
Long John Nebel (1974) – byline: Donald Bain
The Control of Candy Jones (1976) – byline: Donald Bain
Club Tropique (1978) – byline: Donald Bain
War in Illinois (1978) – byline: Donald Bain
Charlie & the Shawneetown Dame (2004) – byline: Donald Bain
Caviar, Caviar, Caviar (1981) – byline: Gerald M. Stein & Donald Bain
The "Girls" in the Newsroom (1983) – byline: Marjorie Margolies
The World's Best Bartenders' Guide (1998)– byline: Joseph Scott & Donald Bain
Margaret Truman's Experiment in Murder (2012)
Margaret Truman's Undiplomatic Murder (2014)
Margaret Truman's Internship In Murder (2015)
Margaret Truman's Deadly Medicine (2016)
Margaret Truman's Allied in Danger (2017)
Unacknowledged books
A ghostwriter is often required to be anonymous as a part of the contract to write the book. Some sources claim Bain is the author of most of the mystery novels attributed to Margaret Truman. While Bain initially denied this, he wrote a column in the March 14, 2014 issue of Publishers Weekly and finally acknowledged writing "27 novels in the Margaret Truman Capital Crimes series (mostly bylined by Truman, my close collaboratormy name is on only the most recent entries, released after her death)."
See also
United States novelists
American literature
References
External links
Donald Bain on New American Library
1935 births
2017 deaths
American male biographers
American mystery writers
American male novelists
Ghostwriters
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American novelists
20th-century American biographers
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
The Kevin and Sadie series is a 1970s set of young adult novels by Scottish novelist Joan Lingard. The books, set in Northern Ireland and England against the backdrop of the Northern Ireland conflict, deal with a young couple; Sadie Jackson, who is from the Ulster Protestant community, and Kevin McCoy, who is from the Irish Catholic community. This couple finds love despite the various physical and psychological barriers in their society.
Overview
Lingard decided to write the first book prior to the eruption of violence in Northern Ireland in late 1969 after hearing a Protestant family friend tell a joke that she deemed to be sectarian. Despite concern from her literary agent that publishers would reject the material on account of its coverage of political and religious strife, the manuscript for the first book, The Twelfth Day of July, attracted interest from Penguin Books and was published in 1970 to a mixture of positive reviews and disapproval of the book's subject matter. The book dealt with the beginning of the romance between the main characters at the beginning of The Troubles. The book was Lingard's first novel aimed at younger readers and her first commercial success.
The sequel, Across the Barricades, sees the couple reunite 3 years later.
The remaining books deal with the couple's developing romance, despite disapproval from their families, and their eventual move to England and secret marriage. Lingard considered writing a sixth book, in which the couple returned to a post-conflict Belfast, but judged that divisions in the city still existed.
As of July 2010, the books had sold 1.3 million copies worldwide and had been translated into several languages.
Books
The Twelfth Day of July (1970)
Across the Barricades (1972)
Into Exile (1973)
A Proper Place (1975)
Hostages to Fortune (1976)
References
British young adult novels
Irish young adult novels
Novels set in Northern Ireland
Books about the Troubles (Northern Ireland)
Penguin Books book series
1970s novels
Novels set in Belfast
Novels set in London
Novels set in Liverpool
20th-century British novels
People with the surname Chauvel include:
Charles Chauvel (filmmaker) (1897–1959), Australian filmmaker
Charles Chauvel (politician) (born 1969), New Zealand lawyer and politician
Elsa Chauvel (1898–1983), Australian actress and filmmaker; wife of Charles Chauvel
Sir Harry Chauvel (1865–1945), senior officer of the Australian Imperial Force who fought in the First World War
Louis Chauvel (born 1967), French sociologist, full professor at Sciences Po
Patrick Chauvel (born 1949), independent war photographer
See also
Australian landing ship medium Harry Chauvel (AV 1353), United States Navy landing ship medium sold to Australia and operated by the Australian Army
Chauvel Award, a film award
Chauvel Cinema, a cinema in Paddington, Sydney
Cyril Carrillo (born 1 September 1990) is a French motorcycle racer who has competed in the 125cc World Championship, the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup and the European Superstock 600 Championship. He won the French 125 Championship in 2009.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
1990 births
Living people
French motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Brusnik is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 353 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Blakes is an unincorporated community in Mathews County, Virginia, United States. Blakes is located on Virginia Route 198 northwest of Mathews.
Hesse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
References
Unincorporated communities in Mathews County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
e.l.f. Cosmetics is an American cosmetics brand based in Oakland, California. It was founded by Joseph Shamah and Scott Vincent Borba in 2004. Items include bath and skin-care products, mineral-based makeup, professional tools, eyeliners, lipstick, glosses, blushes, bronzers, brushes, and mascara, among others.
According to the company, its products are 100% "cruelty-free", and it supports PETA's no fur campaign. e.l.f. Cosmetics' products have been reviewed in Glamour, Allure, Self, InStyle, and Good Housekeeping, and are sold in 17 countries, and in several stores including Target, Kmart, Dollar General, and Walmart. Over half the company's sales come from its website, which doubles as a social networking site with over two million members.
History and operations
e.l.f. (short for EyesLipsFace) Cosmetics was founded by Joseph Shamah and Scott Vincent Borba in June 2004 with the assistance of Shamah's father, Alan. The duo originally met at a party in 2002; Shamah was a 23-year-old New York University business student. Borba was a 31-year-old Los Angeles beauty-industry veteran, responsible for previously launching brands such as Hard Candy cosmetics. Both were enthusiastic about an inexpensive, high-quality cosmetics line for women and decided to form a company together. A few days after the party, they sat down to brainstorm, and a business plan was created within months. Borba claims the idea originated from seeing women with expensive cars such as BMWs and Mercedes-Benzes buying bargain-price cosmetics at 99-cent stores in Los Angeles.
On February 3, 2014, TPG Growth bought a majority stake in e.l.f. Cosmetics. Joey Shamah was replaced by Tarang P. Amin, who "has been appointed president, chief executive officer and director of e.l.f. Cosmetics."
Products
The company started with only 13 makeup products, but has since developed more than 300 products that include bath products, skin-care products, mineral-based makeup, professional tools, eyeliners, lipstick, glosses, blushes, bronzers, brushes, mascara, and many more. Most items cost $3. The variety of e.l.f. products allows the company to target a demographic with a broad age range, from teenagers to women in their 40s and 50s.
The company carries different product lines, which include e.l.f. Studio, e.l.f. Minerals, and e.l.f. Essentials. There used to be e.l.f. Bath & Body, which included moisturizers, cleanser, and fragrances. They have now stopped making those products.
e.l.f. Studio - makeup line includes professional makeup for professional makeup artists and consumers.
e.l.f. Minerals - consists of makeup made out of natural minerals.
e.l.f. Essentials - includes "every-day" makeup supplies at lower prices, in an effort to be affordable.
Sales
Retail
e.l.f. Cosmetics is currently available in 18 countries including the United States, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, Saudi Arabia, France, Colombia, and Spain. Products can be purchased at regional drug chains across the United States and Canada. e.l.f products are most commonly found in Target. In March 2010, e.l.f.'s $1 and Studio line of products were placed in over 700 Target stores, with most individual items prices at $1 and $3. Another Target expansion to include most outlets happened in March 2011. Other stores include Kmart, Dollar General, and Walmart. e.l.f. is also sold at various supermarkets and women's apparel discount retailers, often in four-tiered spinners or "fish bowls" in impulse-buy sections.
Website
History
In 2004, the company was having only partial success stocking its products in retail stores, including dollar stores. Glamour magazine wanted to feature an e.l.f. product but told the company they couldn't unless the product was nationally available for their 2 million-person readership base. e.l.f. Cosmetics at that point had a website intended as a product showcase, and that year it relaunched the site as an e-commerce site, quickly shipping out thousands of orders. Since the premiere of the new site, e.l.f. products have been featured in Glamour over seven times. The website is now the brand's primary sales vehicle and accounted for approximately 50% of all sales in 2008.
Features
In June 2007, e.l.f. launched a beauty blog and advice column that touts products (not only e.l.f.) and talks about celebrity sightings. Since then, the length of customer visits to the website has tripled. All product pages on the site host a "chat now" button that lets customers connect directly with one of the company's in-house professional makeup artists. The site hosts a "virtual makeover lab", where customers can digitally test products on models or their own photos. Customers can create a personal profile, publish and comment on blogs, converse with other customers, and access a beauty encyclopedia. They can also create a "beauty profile" and are recommended e.l.f. products according to their skin type, hair and eye colors, and typical beauty regimen. Also included is the option to create a wish-list that connects to Facebook, or view educational web videos on makeup techniques and styles.
The website currently includes over 2 million members.
Promotions
In 2007, the company began to invest heavily in email marketing, and its weekly email campaigns are considered by eCommerce-Guide to be the company's strongest promotion. The company offers a near-constant supply of promotions to its customers, largely through its website. Subscribers on the mailing list can earn points or gift certificates for making web referrals that turn into sales transactions. Shamah claimed that as of September 2009, more than 500,000 friend referrals had come back to make a purchase.
It also frequently hosts online events, and since 2010 has asked customers of all ages and ethnicities to submit to a casting resource to select a yearly model representative for the brand. Four selected individuals are brought to New York City to receive makeovers from Achelle Dunaway, e.l.f.'s Creative Director and lead makeup artist, as well as participate in a photo shoot. There are various cash prizes for nominees, and the winner is dubbed "face of e.l.f."
Media presence
e.l.f. products have been favorably reviewed in dozens of major magazines, including Glamour, Allure, Self, InStyle, and Good Housekeeping. A segment on e.l.f. premiered on the Style Network as well. The business has been profiled by publications such as Entrepreneur, CNN, Retail Merchandiser, Information Week, and The Wall Street Journal. In December 2010, the e.l.f. product '100-Piece Endless Eyes Pro Eyeshadow Palette' was featured in "The O List: Holiday Edition" ("Oprah's Favorite Things") in Oprah Winfrey's O magazine. The magazine stated the set included "almost every color imaginable," and the product quickly sold entirely out of stock. In January 2011, e.l.f. reintroduced the product at half price, or $10.
Campaigns
Breast cancer funds
During October 2004, just months after its founding, e.l.f. donated 20% of the proceeds from its 'Shimmering Facial Whip' to Win Against Breast Cancer's research and facilities. It also provided "Color Therapy Care Packages" to breast cancer patients in inner-city hospitals in Los Angeles.
PETA
The brand only uses products that are cruelty-free. In 2007, it was announced that e.l.f. was selling tweezers in a faux leather case that read "e.l.f. Professional Supports PETA in the Fur Free Campaign. 50% of the proceeds from sales of these tweezers go straight to PETA!" CEO Joseph Shamah later earned PETA's "Trail-Blazer Award", given for "compassion and commitment to never testing on animals."
2011 Japan earthquake and tsunami
e.l.f. Cosmetics announced the "Mi & You Can Make a Difference" campaign days after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami disaster, which helped fund relief efforts. The program donated 5% of all online purchases to the Red Cross for Japan's crisis recovery initiative.
References
Further reading
Entrepreneur - E.L.F. challenging industry standard of costly cosmetics (January 2005)
CNN - A pretty face That Won't Cost an Arm or Leg (January 2006)
Retail Merchandiser - E.L.F. Cosmetics? Covered (July 2008)
PETA - Bargain Beauty Essentials Full of Cheap Thrills (October 2010)
The Wall Street Journal - It's Just Lip Gloss, Mom (February 2011)
Companies based in New York City
Cosmetics brands
Cosmetics companies of the United States
Personal care brands
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Newport Municipal Airport may refer to:
Newport Municipal Airport (Oregon) in Newport, Oregon, United States (FAA: ONP)
Newport Municipal Airport (Arkansas) in Newport, Arkansas, United States (FAA: M19)
See also
Newport State Airport (disambiguation)
Vega is an unincorporated community in central Alberta within the County of Barrhead No. 11. It is located on Highway 661 approximately north of Barrhead and northwest of Edmonton.
County of Barrhead No. 11
Localities in the County of Barrhead No. 11
Hog Day Afternoon may refer to:
Hog Day Afternoon (Gotham)
Hog Day Afternoon (Kappa Mikey)
Ozaki Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 0.1 km2. The dam impounds about 4 ha of land when full and can store 386 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1974 and completed in 1978.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1978 establishments in Japan
Knowledge-Centered Service (KCS; previously known as Knowledge-Centered Support) is a service delivery method that focuses on knowledge as a key asset of the organization implementing it. Development began in 1992 by the Consortium for Service Innovation, a non-profit alliance of service organizations. Its methodology is to integrate use of a knowledge base into the workflow.
While the legacy of KCS lies in customer support organizations, the methodology is now being adopted across all the functions of business, as noted in the latest version of the KCS v6 Practices Guide.
KCS seeks to:
Create content as a by-product of solving problems
Evolve content based on demand and usage
Develop a knowledge base of an organization's collective experience to-date
Reward learning, collaboration, sharing and improving
With over 20 years in development and over $50 million invested in developing the methodology, KCS has produced significant benefits for support organizations around the world, including Apollo Group, Autodesk, Avaya, Dell, EMC, Ericsson, HP Enterprise, Omgeo/DTCC, Oracle, PTC, Salesforce.com and SDL.
The KCS Academy is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Consortium for Service Innovation. The KCS Academy is the only designated certification body by the Consortium for Service Innovation. The KCS Academy offers certification programs for people and a KCS Verified program for knowledge base tools that enable the KCS practices.
History
Development began in 1992 by the Consortium for Service Innovation, a non-profit alliance of support organizations. Its premise is to capture, structure, and reuse technical support knowledge. Initially it was known as Solution-Centered Support, and was renamed to acknowledge the methodology as best practices in knowledge management.
The Consortium for Service Innovation was founded in Seattle in 1992 by Symbologic. Shelly Benton was the founding Executive Director and built the membership-based organization. The early work of the Consortium was used to identify features and functionality for a tool that would help organizations capture and reuse knowledge as a by-product of doing work.
From 1992 to 1994 the nature of the member's conversation was largely focused on technology. However the members began to see that success in capturing and reusing knowledge was more about people and their behaviors than it was about the tool. From 1994 to 1996 the conversation shifted to defining a methodology that focused on people and the organizational culture.
As the conversation evolved both the members of the Consortium and Symbologic agreed that the Consortium's work was about much more than technology and that both the work and the members would be better served by being independent and vendor agnostic. In 1996 Greg Oxton, who was a member of the Consortium at the time, joined the Consortium staff with the goal of creating a member funded non-profit organization.
In January 1997 the Consortium became an independent legal entity registered as a 501(c)(6) with the Internal Revenue Service. At that time it was called the Customer Support Consortium.
From 1997 through 1999 the Consortium members began to report dramatic benefits from implementing the methodology. In 1999 the Consortium released the first Practices Guide. This was written by Livia Wilson and John Chmaj. With the help of the members who shared their adoption experiences and results Wilson and Chmaj created the first prescriptive, comprehensive definition on how to do KCS.
For the next few years the Consortium facilitated member conversations and based on a model of collective thinking and shared experiences continued to evolve the KCS methodology.
In 2003, HDI partnered with the Consortium for Service Innovation to promote the learnings and experiences of the Consortium's members to the market. Working together, they captured this information into a three-day workshop: The Knowledge Management Foundations: KCS Principles course now known as KCS Principles. Since that time, hundreds of companies have been learning about and implementing Knowledge Centered Service within their environments.
In 2005, the Consortium for Service Innovation introduced the KCS-Verified program for knowledge management software vendors. There are a number of popular software applications verified to enable the KCS best practices to learn more about KCS Verified products. This program defines the functional requirements that software vendors must implement to successfully enable KCS. Implementation is then verified by KCS certified at one of levels, "Aligned" or "Verified". Program implementation is enabled through experts through the Consortium for Service Innovation or other certified practitioners.
In 2006, the Consortium updated KCS to version 4.1 and published the Practices Guide. Version 5.0 and 5.1 were published in 2011. Version 5.3 was published in 2012 and version 6.0 in 2016. They continue to evolve KCS through the experiences of their members and other companies that share their personal stories.
In 2007, HDI introduced the first KCS certification in the industry with the KCS Principles Certification that allows individuals to demonstrate their knowledge of the KCS methodology and how to implement it.
In 2010, The KCS Academy was formed as an outreach company of the Consortium for Service Innovation. Development of the KCS Certified Publisher exam began and became publicly available in 2011.
In June 2014, AXELOS and HDI jointly published a whitepaper on the Synergies between ITIL and KCS. While KCS and ITIL were developed independently, guidance on how these two best practices can be used together to enhance service management processes is helping support organizations to improve their operations.
In April 2016, the Consortium for Service Innovation released KCS v6. This released renamed Knowledge Centered Support to Knowledge Centered Service. The terminology in the methodology was updated to be more generic as KCS adoption has expanded beyond the technical support environment to the enterprise. The following documents were published: KCS Principles and Core Concepts and the KCS v6 Practices Guide
References
External links
Consortium for Service Innovation
The KCS Academy
KCS Learning material
Help desk
Education theory
Steven Sumarah is the head coach of the Saint Mary's Huskies of U Sports football. He has also been the head coach of the Canada National Junior Football Team since 2016. As the head coach, he led Team Canada to a IFAF World Junior Championship in 2018 with a 13-7 win over Team Mexico in Mexico City.
Coaching career
After serving as offensive coordinator for the Saint Mary's Huskies for eight seasons, Sumarah was promoted to head coach of the program in 2006. He led the team to four straight Loney Bowl championships including an appearance in the 2007 Vanier Cup game. He was named coach of the year in 2009.
After his dismissal from the Huskies, he was hired on January 16, 2012 to become the head coach of the Carleton Ravens, who began play in 2013. He was the head coach of the Ravens for eight seasons where he had a record of 29–33 before being dismissed on January 12, 2022.
On February 2, 2022, it was announced that Sumarah had been hired as the offensive coordinator for the UBC Thunderbirds, reuniting him with former Huskies head coach, Blake Nill. However, following the resignation of Saint Mary's Huskies' head coach James Colzie in April 2022, Sumarah was hired to return to the Huskies football program as the team's head coach on June 8, 2022.
Personal life
Sumarah lives in Halifax with his wife, Amanda Hardiman, and has one daughter, Brooke, and two stepchildren, Ryan and Brianna.
References
External links
Carleton Ravens bio
Living people
Players of Canadian football from Nova Scotia
Sportspeople from Halifax, Nova Scotia
St. Francis Xavier X-Men football players
Saint Mary's Huskies football coaches
Carleton Ravens football coaches
UBC Thunderbirds football coaches
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fedrigoni is a large paper manufacturer in Italy which owns paper mills in Verona, Arco di Trento, Riva del Garda, Fabriano and Pioraco.
See also
Cartiere Miliani Fabriano
List of Italian companies
References
Official company site
Manufacturing companies established in 1888
Italian companies established in 1888
Pulp and paper companies of Italy
Italian brands
Companies based in Veneto
Bain Capital companies
Rakhwala may refer to:
Rakhwala (1971 film), a 1971 Bollywood musical film
Rakhwala (1989 film)
Rakhwala (2013 film), an Indian Bhojpuri film
Defence of the Realm is a 1986 British political thriller film directed by David Drury, starring Gabriel Byrne, Greta Scacchi, and Denholm Elliott, with Robbie Coltrane in a supporting role.
The film takes its title from the Defence of the Realm Act 1914, passed in the United Kingdom at the start of the First World War, which gave the government wide-ranging powers during the war.
It was shot at Shepperton Studios and on location in London and Duxford in Cambridgeshire. The film's sets were designed by the art director Roger Murray-Leach. The film was distributed in the United Kingdom by the Rank Organisation, one of the last films to be released by the company.
Plot
Dennis Markham (Ian Bannen), a prominent Member of Parliament is reported by a London paper to have been seen leaving a woman's home on the same evening as she is visited by a military attaché from East Germany, Markham's loyalty to his country is questioned. He is hounded by the media and forced to resign.
The author of the newspaper exposé, Nick Mullen (Gabriel Byrne), continues his work alongside colleague Vernon Bayliss (Denholm Elliott) who suspects that Markham was framed. When Bayliss dies from a supposed heart attack the same night as Bayliss' flat is ransacked by someone who was not after money or valuables, Mullen suspects something deeper at work.
With the help of Markham's secretary, Nina Beckman (Greta Scacchi), Mullen continues to investigate the affair despite a break-in at his flat, surveillance and other attempts to stop him.
Cast
Gabriel Byrne as Nicholas "Nick" Mullen
Greta Scacchi as Nina Beckman
Denholm Elliott as Vernon Bayliss
Ian Bannen as Dennis Markham
Fulton Mackay as Victor Kingsbrook
Bill Paterson as Jack Macleod
David Calder as Harry Champion
Frederick Treves as Arnold Reece
Robbie Coltrane as Leo McAskey
Annabel Leventon as Trudy Markham
Graham Fletcher-Cook as Micky Parker
Danny Webb as Danny Royce (photographer)
Prentis Hancock as Frank Longman
Mark Tandy as Philip Henderson
Oliver Ford Davies as Anthony Clegg
George Ellis Jones as D.C.S. Catterick
James Fleet as Ministry Man
Lyndon Brook as Pugh
Philip Whitchurch as Cuttings Librarian
Laurance Rudic as Charlie
Reception
Halliwell's Film Guide described it as an "efficient political melodrama, basically too old-fashioned to start a cult". Denholm Elliott's performance has been singled out for particular praise. Roger Ebert wrote, "The acting is strong throughout, but Elliott is especially effective. What is it about this actor, who has been in so many different kinds of movies and seems to make each role special? Here he is needed to suggest integrity and scruples, and does it almost simply by the way he looks... Defence of the Realm ends on a bleak and cynical note – unless you count the somewhat contrived epilogue – and gets there with intelligence and a sharp, bitter edge." Radio Times gives the film four stars out of five, claiming, "The role of the sozzled veteran reporter who for once finds himself involved in a meaningful story is brought wonderfully to life by Denholm Elliott... Gabriel Byrne, as Elliott's ambitious young colleague, is less effective, but the film has plenty of tension and co-star Greta Scacchi proves a worthy accomplice."
Awards
Denholm Elliott won a BAFTA for best supporting actor.
References
External links
1980s political thriller films
1986 films
British political thriller films
Films set in London
Films shot in London
Films shot at Shepperton Studios
Films scored by Richard Harvey
Films directed by David Drury
1980s English-language films
1980s British films
Tarzetta is a genus of fungi in the family Pyronemataceae. The genus has a widespread distribution in north temperate regions, and contains 9 species.
References
External links
Pyronemataceae
Pezizales genera
Kosmos 2441 ( meaning Cosmos 2441), also known as Persona No.1, was a Russian optical reconnaissance satellite launched in 2008. The first Persona satellite, it failed a few months into its mission, which was scheduled to have lasted three to five years. It was the first Russian reconnaissance satellite to be placed into a sun-synchronous orbit.
Kosmos 2441 was launched by a Soyuz-2-1b carrier rocket flying from Site 43/4 of the Plesetsk Cosmodrome. The launch took place at 18:31:36 UTC on 26 July 2008, and marked the first Soyuz-2-1b launch from Plesetsk. Following its successful deployment the satellite was given its Kosmos designation, and was assigned the International Designator 2008-037A and Satellite Catalog Number 33272.
In February 2009, it was reported that Kosmos 2441 had failed shortly after launch. The date of the failure was not announced, however the satellite was last seen to manoeuvre in September 2008. The cause of the failure was reported to be an electrical problem, possibly caused by higher radiation levels encountered by the satellite in sun-synchronous orbit compared to previous satellites in lower-inclination orbits. The next Persona satellite was not launched until 2013, when it was placed into orbit as Kosmos 2486.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2008
Reconnaissance satellites of Russia
Spacecraft launched by Soyuz-2 rockets
Kristīne Garina is a Latvian activist who was one of the founders of the LGBT organization in Riga and serves as its chairman of the board. She is the current president of the European Pride Organisers Association, the Brussels-based organization which plans events for EuroPride.
Early life and education
Kristīne Garina was born in Riga, Latvia. She attended the University of Latvia earning a bachelor's degree in economics and management and then completing a master's degree in international relations. Upon completing her education, Garina began working in the automobile industry.
Activism
After a wave of public homophobic acts against the LGBT community spiked when the first pride march was held in Riga in 2005, the following year, sixteen activists joined together to form . The organization, functions as an advocacy group for the community, lobbies with policymakers, and organizes pride events. Garina was selected as a board member of the organization and she works to combat open homophobia against the community. She regularly publishes articles in various newspapers and websites like Latvijas Avīze and Delfi, pointing out discriminatory policies towards gays and lesbians such as the lack of parental leave to care for children, lack of eligibility for spousal pensions, lack of equal taxation or movement as a family unit, among other issues like hate speech and support for spousal protection legislation.
In 2013, Garina was elected as chairman of the board of Mozaīka, succeeding Linda Freimane. She served as the Latvian representative for both Baltic Pride and EuroPride in 2015. That year, Mozaīka was successful in its bid for EuroPride to be held in Riga. The event was planning was co-chaired by Garina and . They were able to negotiate holding the parade on Brivibas Iela (Freedom Street), a main boulevard which marchers had previously been denied permission to use for other Pride events. The success of the event, led to Garina's election to head the European Pride Organizers Association, a post she continued to hold in 2022. In 2020, because of the COVID-19 pandemic, Garina as head of the European Pride Organizers Association, and in conjunction with InterPride, created a virtual Global Pride event to allow virtual attendance.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Date of birth unknown
Living people
People from Riga
University of Latvia alumni
LGBT rights activists from Latvia
LGBT people from Latvia
Latvian women activists
21st-century LGBT people
Reggie Grimes Young Jr. (December 12, 1936 – January 17, 2019) was an American musician who was lead guitarist in the American Sound Studio house band, The Memphis Boys, and was a leading session musician. He played on various recordings with artists such as Elvis Presley, Joe Cocker, Dobie Gray, Joe Tex, Merrilee Rush, B.J. Thomas, John Prine, Dusty Springfield, Herbie Mann, J.J. Cale, Jimmy Buffett, Dionne Warwick, Roy Hamilton, Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings, the Box Tops, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis, Merle Haggard, Joey Tempest, George Strait, and The Highwaymen. Young was inducted into the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum in 2019.
Early career
Born December 12, 1936, in Caruthersville, Missouri, and raised in Osceola, Arkansas, Young's first band was Eddie Bond & the Stompers, a rockabilly band from Memphis, Tennessee, that toured with Johnny Cash, Carl Perkins, and Roy Orbison during the mid-'50s. By 1958, Young was with singer Johnny Horton, making several appearances on the popular Louisiana Hayride radio show in Shreveport.
He was an original member of Bill Black's Combo, which had several instrumental hits in the U.S. in 1959 and the early '60s, the most successful being "Smokie, Pts. 1 & 2", "White Silver Sands," and an instrumental version of "Don't Be Cruel," released on Hi Records. Billboard Magazine listed the Combo as the No. 1 instrumental band three years in a row, 1960–1962.
In February 1964, the Beatles requested that the Bill Black Combo open for them during their first U.S. tour. Subsequently, they invited the Combo over to England for another month-long tour. After the death of leader Bill Black (Elvis Presley's original bass player) in October 1965, Young concentrated on being a staff musician at Hi Studio in Memphis until 1967, winding up at American Sound Studio at the request of Chips Moman later that year.
The Memphis Boys were responsible for around 120 hit singles, pop, country, rock, or soul, between 1967 and 1971. Young played on the January/February 1969 Elvis Presley sessions that included "Suspicious Minds", "Kentucky Rain", "Don't Cry Daddy", and "In the Ghetto". When the studio closed in late 1971, Young moved to Nashville as an independent session player. He took part in the July 1973 Presley sessions at Stax Records in Memphis which produced the albums Raised On Rock and Good Times.
In the early 1970s, Young backed Jimmy Buffett as a member of the first three Coral Reefer Bands on "A White Sport Coat & a Pink Crustacean", Living and Dying in 3/4 Time and A1A. On Jimmy's legendary cover of the Lord Buckley classic- "God's Own Drunk", Buffett references a "Reggie Youngin commode huggin drunk".
After playing on the sessions for the Highwaymen (Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson) in 1984, Young joined their touring show for a five-year stretch (1990–1995). Young also played many sessions and concerts with Waylon Jennings, including his final tours featuring the Waymore Blues Band before Jennings' death in 2002.
Young was nominated for a Grammy, and also performed at the Kennedy Center in honor of Johnny Cash and Willie Nelson. 2008 saw the Country Music Hall of Fame recognizing Young as a "Nashville Cat". That same year also saw the debut of Young's first solo album, the independently released, inspirational Be Still, a collaboration with wife and cellist Jenny Lynn Young.
August 2009 saw the Memphis Boys, along with Chips Moman, receive acknowledgement by the Memphis Grammy Chapter for their pioneering work on "Suspicious Minds" during a Graceland fan reception. After almost 45 years of playing together, this was their first award.
Personal life
Young met his wife, the classically trained cellist Jenny Lynn Hollowell, in 1999, during the formation of Waylon Jennings' Waymore Blues Band. They married in 2004. They resided in Leipers Fork in middle Tennessee, where Young spent much of his time composing in his home studio.
Young died during the evening of January 17, 2019 at his home in Leiper's Fork, Tennessee from heart failure.
Selected sessions
Songs
Bobby Bland - Touch of the Blues
The Box Tops - The Letter, (US charts, #1, R&B charts, #30), Cry Like a Baby (electric sitar) (US chart #2)
J.J. Cale - Cajun Moon and Cocaine
James Carr - I Got My Mind Messed Up (US R&B charts, #7)
James Carr - More Love
King Curtis - Memphis Soul Stew (studio album version)
Neil Diamond - Sweet Caroline (US charts #4)
Dobie Gray - Drift Away (US charts #5)
The Highwaymen - Highwayman and Desperados Waiting for a Train
James and Bobby Purify - Morning Glory
Jumpin' Gene Simmons - Haunted House (US charts #11)
Herbie Mann - Memphis Underground (#20 US Album charts), Reggae II, Mississippi Gambler
Delbert McClinton - Victim of Life's Circumstances
Willie Nelson - Always on My Mind (US charts #5, Country charts #1)
Danny O'Keefe - Good Time Charlie's Got the Blues (US charts, #9, Country charts, #63)
Sandy Posey - Born a Woman" (US charts #12) and "Single Girl (US charts #12)
Elvis Presley - Suspicious Minds, (US charts #1), Kentucky Rain, (US charts #16 Country charts #13) In the Ghetto, (US charts #3 Country charts #60) Don't Cry Daddy, Country charts #13, (US charts #6)'' and I've Got A Thing About You Baby, Stranger In My Own Hometown
Billy Joe Royal - Down in the Boondocks (US charts #9)
Merrilee Rush - Angel Of The Morning (US charts #7)
Jackie DeShannon - I Wanna Roo You
Dusty Springfield - the Dusty in Memphis album, featuring the hit song Son of a Preacher Man (US charts #10)
Billy Swan - I Can Help, (US charts #1, Country charts, #1) Lover Please
Joe Tex - Chicken Crazy(1969)
Joe Tex - Skinny Legs and All(1967) (US charts #10)
B.J. Thomas - Hooked On A Feeling (electric sitar), (US chart #5), (Hey Won't You Play) Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song (US charts #1, Country charts #1)
Bobby Womack - More Than I Can Stand
Reggie Young - Memphis Grease
Rattlesnake Annie - Free The Children
Albums
King Solomon - Solomon Burke (1968)
I'm in Love - Wilson Pickett (1968)
I Wish I Knew - Solomon Burke (1968)
Soulful - Dionne Warwick (1969)
From Elvis in Memphis - Elvis Presley (1969)
Memphis - Petula Clark (1970)
Songs - Jackie DeShannon (1971)
John Prine - John Prine (1971)
Jackie - Jackie DeShannon (1972)
Sweet Revenge - John Prine (1973)
Raised on Rock / For Ol' Times Sake - Elvis Presley (1973)
A White Sport Coat and a Pink Crustacean - Jimmy Buffett (1973)
The Road - Johnny Rivers (1974)
Good Times - Elvis Presley (1974)
7-Tease - Donovan (1974)
A1A - Jimmy Buffett (1974)
Okie - J. J. Cale (1974)
Living and Dying in 3/4 Time - Jimmy Buffett (1974)
Candi - Candi Staton (1974)
Anka - Paul Anka (1974)
Giant of Rock 'n' Roll - Ronnie Hawkins (1974)
Kenny Rogers - Kenny Rogers (1976)
Troubadour - J. J. Cale (1976)
Regeneration - Roy Orbison (1977)
Izitso - Cat Stevens (1977)
Daytime Friends - Kenny Rogers (1977)
Amy Grant - Amy Grant (1977)
Act Like Nothing's Wrong - Al Kooper (1977)
The Gambler - Kenny Rogers (1978)
Kenny - Kenny Rogers (1979)
Slow Dancing - Ben Moore(soul singer) (1979)
9 to 5 and Odd Jobs - Dolly Parton (1980)
Shades - J. J. Cale (1981)
Love Me Tender - B.B. King (1982)
Somewhere in the Stars - Rosanne Cash (1982)
Grasshopper - J. J. Cale (1982)
Always on My Mind - Willie Nelson (1982)
Without a Song - Willie Nelson (1983)
Riddles in the Sand - Jimmy Buffett (1984)
Civilized Man - Joe Cocker (1984)
City of New Orleans - Willie Nelson (1984)
Last Mango in Paris - Jimmy Buffett (1985)
Rose of My Heart - Nicolette Larson (1986)
Floridays - Jimmy Buffett (1986)
Light Years - Glen Campbell (1988)
Seven Year Itch - Etta James (1988)
What a Wonderful World - Willie Nelson (1988)
White Limozeen - Dolly Parton (1989)
A Horse Called Music - Willie Nelson (1989)
Born for Trouble - Willie Nelson (1990)
Walkin' in the Sun - Glen Campbell (1990)
Stickin' to My Guns - Etta James (1990)
Unconditional Love - Glen Campbell (1991)
All I Can Be - Collin Raye (1991)
Shania Twain - Shania Twain (1993)
The Crossing - Paul Young (1993)
Across the Borderline - Willie Nelson (1993)
When Love Finds You - Vince Gill (1994)
Healing Hands of Time - Willie Nelson (1994)
Storm in the Heartland - Billy Ray Cyrus (1994)
The Tattooed Heart - Aaron Neville (1995)
Something Special - Dolly Parton (1995)
Treasures - Dolly Parton (1996)
Joy - Melissa Manchester (1997)
Blue Nite Lounge - Dan Penn (2000)
The Great Divide - Willie Nelson (2002)
Make Do with What You Got - Solomon Burke (2005)
Everlasting - Martina McBride (2014)
A Fool to Care - Boz Scaggs (2015)
Something About the Night - Dan Penn (2016)
References
External links
Reggie Young Interview - NAMM Oral History Library (2008)
1936 births
2019 deaths
People from Caruthersville, Missouri
American country guitarists
American male guitarists
American country singer-songwriters
American rock guitarists
Lead guitarists
Singer-songwriters from Missouri
Guitarists from Missouri
20th-century American guitarists
Country musicians from Missouri
20th-century American male musicians
American male singer-songwriters
Yoruba is a small genus of western African ground spiders first described by B. V. B. Rodrigues and C. A. Rheims in 2020 and added to the subfamily Prodidominae. it contains only two species: Y. ibadanus and Y. toubensis.
See also
List of Gnaphosidae species
References
Gnaphosidae genera
Spiders of Africa
William Jackson (17 December 1792 – 13 September 1878) was an English Anglican priest and academic.
Born in Grasmere, to Rector Thomas Jackson, Jackson was educated at The Queen's College, Oxford, matriculating in 1808 and graduating B.A. in 1812; and was then Fellow and Tutor there until 1828. He was Rector of Lowther from 1828 to 1841; and then of Cliburn from 1841 to 1858. He was also Archdeacon of Carlisle from 1855 until 1858; and Provost of The Queen's College from 1862 until his death in 1878 in Carlisle.
References
1792 births
1873 deaths
Alumni of The Queen's College, Oxford
Archdeacons of Carlisle
Provosts of The Queen's College, Oxford
People from Grasmere (village)
19th-century English Anglican priests
19th-century scholars
Fire, Fury, and Fun is a studio album by American jazz musician Stan Kenton and his orchestra, released on Creative World Records. Recording sessions for the album took place in Chicago on September 26/27, 1974 at Universal Recording.
Background
Up to the time of Fire Fury and Fun the band had primarily made recordings of music that were swing oriented with progressive leanings. The transition from Capitol to Creative World Records in 1970 was fraught with difficulties during a time when the music business was changing rapidly. As a viable jazz artist who was trying to keep a loyal but dwindling following, Kenton turned to arrangers such as Hank Levy to write material that appealed to a younger audience. The first releases for the Creative World label were live concerts and Kenton had the control he wanted over content but lacked substantial resources to engineer, mix, and promote what Capitol underwrote in the past.
In June 1973 Curnow had started as the new artists and repertoire manager overseeing the whole operation of the Creative World Records. As per Curnow himself, "That was a remarkable and very difficult time for me. I was managing (Stan's) record company with NO experience in business, writing music like mad, living in a new place and culture (Los Angeles was another world), traveling a LOT (out with the band at least 1 week a month) and trying to keep it together at home." The Fire Fury and Fun album was an outgrowth of and designed as a showcase for several of the current soloists in the Kenton Orchestra. The band itself had very little time to prepare the music for the sessions, but that was the norm for many recordings done by a road band such as the Kenton orchestra.
Ratings
Track listing
Personnel
Musicians
piano and leader: Stan Kenton
saxophones and flutes: Tony Campise, Rich Condit, Greg Smith, Dan Salmasian, Roy Reynolds
trumpets: John Harner, Dave Zeagler, Mike Barrowman, Tim Hagans, Kevin Jordan
trombones: Dick Shearer, Lloyd Spoon, Dave Keim, Greg Sorcsek (bass trombone)
tuba: Mike Suter
acoustic and electric bass: Mike Ross
drum set: Peter Erskine
percussion: Ramon Lopez
Production
Robert Curnow – production
Murry Allen – recording engineering
David McMacken – creative director, graphics
Robert Curnow – mix engineer
References
Bibliography
External links
Instrumental albums
1974 albums
Stan Kenton albums
GNP Crescendo Records albums
Lebanese Rally Championship is the national rally championship of Lebanon.
Champions
References
External links
Rally racing series
Sport in Lebanon
Chris Lee (born 18 June 1971) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder.
References
1971 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Hull City A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Hilwie Jomha Hamdon (1905 - 1988) was a Muslim woman from Edmonton, Alberta, who organized support and funding to build the first mosque in Canada, the Al-Rashid Mosque. She was born in current day Lebanon in 1905. Not much is known about her early life. She married Ali Hamdon who had immigrated to Canada 1901, and together they settled in Fort Chipewyan, Alberta, where Ali Hamdon had established a successful fur trading business. After their children were born, they moved to Edmonton, which was a much larger city with well-established schools. Hilwie Hamdon had six children: Evelyn, Lavida, Moneer, Sidney, Helen and Lewis.
By 1931, there were nearly 700 muslims living in Canada, many coming from the region of Syria and Lebanon, which was going through upheaval after the fall of the Ottoman empire. At that time, there was only one mosque in all of North America, established in 1929 in Ross, North Dakota. In the early 30s, the Muslim community in Edmonton began to discuss building a mosque. Hamdon approached the mayor to request that the city provide land for the proposed mosque, and assured him that the muslim community would be able to find the funds to complete the project. She then led the effort to raise the funds, working with a group of women to solicit donations from the Muslim community in Edmonton, Alberta and Saskatchewan. They also raised funds and gathered support from people of other faiths, and from the business community in downtown Edmonton. They raised the $5,000 needed to build the mosque, and in 1938, the Al-Rashid mosque, the first to be built in Canada, was opened.
Hamdon died in Edmonton in 1988.
In 2016, Edmonton city officials announced that they would name a new grade school (K-9) in her honor. The new Hilwie Hamdon school opened in 2017.
References
1905 births
1988 deaths
Canadian Muslims
Lebanese emigrants to Canada
People from Edmonton
20th-century Canadian women
Jefferson B. Fordham was the ninth Dean of the University of Pennsylvania Law School, and the tenth Dean of the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law.
Education
Fordham was a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of the University of North Carolina, where he also earned his master's degree. He received a law degree from the Yale Law School in 1930, where he was a member of the Order of the Coif.
Legal career
Fordham began his legal career working in Government service in Washington, DC and private practice in New York, New York in the 1930s. He then served in the Pacific as a lieutenant commander in the Navy in World War II. After returning from the war theater, Fordham entered academic working as a professor of law at the Louisiana State University Paul M. Hebert Law Center and Vanderbilt University Law School. In 1947, Fordham became the tenth Dean of the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law. He then served as ninth Dean of the University of Pennsylvania Law School from 1952 until he reached emeritus status in 1970. Roberts Hall, Pepper Hall and the law school dormitories were built during his tenure as Dean. From 1972 to 1993, Fordham was a professor of law at the University of Utah S.J. Quinney College of Law.
In 1974, Martin Meyerson, president of the University and Bernard Wolfman, dean of the University of Pennsylvania Law School, announced that the Jefferson B. Fordham Professorship of Law had been created at the Law School in honor of Fordham.
Scholarly work
Fordham was an expert on constitutional and municipal law.
References
External links
The University of Utah, S.J. Quinney College of Law has created a digital collection devoted to Dean Fordham's life and career. It can be found at http://cdn.law.utah.edu/fordham/index.html
University of North Carolina alumni
Yale Law School alumni
Moritz College of Law faculty
Deans of University of Pennsylvania Law School
University of Pennsylvania Law School faculty
Deans of law schools in the United States
1906 births
1994 deaths
American legal scholars
The following are the national records in track cycling in Hong Kong by Hong Kong's national cycling federation: Hong Kong Cycling Association (HKCA).
Men
Women
References
External links
HKCA web site
Hong Kong
Records
Track cycling
track cycling
Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt Cecil Bulkely-Johnson Goodsir (August 22, 1900 – February 7, 1976) was an American born heiress and member of the Vanderbilt family who inherited the Biltmore Estate. She was known for her eccentric behavior.
Early life
Cornelia was born at the Biltmore Estate in North Carolina on August 22, 1900. She was the daughter, and only child, of George Washington Vanderbilt II (1862–1914) and Edith Stuyvesant Dresser (1873–1958). Her father, the youngest child of William Henry Vanderbilt and Maria Louisa (née Kissam) Vanderbilt, built a 250-room mansion, the largest privately owned home in the United States, which he named Biltmore Estate. The estate, designed by architect Richard Morris Hunt, was modeled on the Chateau de Blois among other chateaux of the Loire Valley. She was the great-granddaughter of Commodore Cornelius Vanderbilt, and, on her mother's side, she was a descendant of Peter Stuyvesant.
After her father's death in 1914, Cornelia inherited the Biltmore estate. Her mother sold approximately of the Biltmore property to the United States Forest Service to create the core of Pisgah National Forest. Her mother later married Peter Goelet Gerry (1879–1957), a United States senator from Rhode Island.
Cornelia attended the Madeira School for high school. She was privately tutored and attended the University of North Carolina for approximately a year. When she reached 21 years old, she received an annuity of $2,000,000 and at the age of 25, she received her full inheritance of $50,000,000 from her father.
Personal life
On April 29, 1924, Cornelia was married to a British aristocrat who was then the first secretary of the British Embassy in Washington, Hon. John Francis Amherst Cecil (1890–1954), the son of Lord William Cecil and Mary Cecil, Baroness Amherst of Hackney. The Cecils were descendants of William Cecil. The nationally renowned organist from St. Louis Charles Henry Galloway played organ at the wedding. They divorced in 1934.
Cornelia Vanderbilt and Cecil were the parents of two sons:
George Henry Vanderbilt Cecil (1925–2020), who married Nancy Owen (1930–2016).
William Amherst Vanderbilt Cecil (1928–2017), who married Mary Lee Ryan (1931–2017), a first cousin of First Lady Jackie Kennedy, as their mothers, Janet Norton Lee and Marion Merritt Lee, were sisters.
Around 1932, reportedly finding life at Biltmore too dull, she moved to New York City to briefly study art, leaving her husband to manage Biltmore. A few months later, she moved to Paris where she divorced her husband in 1934, dyed her hair bright pink, and changed her name to Nilcha. After her 1934 move abroad, she never returned to Biltmore or the United States again. After Paris, she moved to London, where she met and married Captain Vivian Francis Bulkeley-Johnson (1891–1968) in October 1949. Bulkeley-Johnson, the aide-de-camp to the 9th Duke of Devonshire when he was the Governor General of Canada from 1916 to 1918, served in the offices of the Imperial War Cabinet in World War I and in the Air Ministry. They remained married until his death in 1968.
One evening as she was having dinner with Edward Adamson in London, Cornelia met William Robert "Bill" Goodsir, their waiter with whom she fell in love. In 1972, Cornelia married for the third and final time to Goodsir (1926–1984), who was 26 years younger than she was. She was a friend and supporter of Adamson, the pioneer of Art Therapy, and tried unsuccessfully to fund his post at Netherne Hospital, and the Adamson Collection through her Mrs Smith Trust (correspondence in Edward Adamson Archive at the Wellcome Library).
Cornelia died on February 7, 1976, aged 75, in Oxford, England. Her ashes were buried at a church near her home, The Mount, a farm in the village of Churchill in Oxfordshire, near Kingham.
Legacy
Vanderbilt's sons eventually inherited the Biltmore estate, with George Cecil, the older of the two sons, choosing to inherit the majority of the estate's land and the Biltmore Farms Company, which was more profitable than the house at the time. The younger son, William Cecil, was thus left with Biltmore House. He is credited with preserving the chateau, which is open to the public (although still privately owned). Through George, Vanderbilt was the grandmother of six, and through William, she was the grandmother of two more.
References
Further reading
Vanderbilt, Arthur T. II. (1989) Fortune's Children: The Fall of the House of Vanderbilt New York: Quill / William Morrow. . p. 40 (the death of G. W. Vanderbilt 1), pp. 55–83 (William H. Vanderbilt), pp. 271–279 (Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt).
External links
1919 Photograph of Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt at the Library of Congress
Article on her 1924 Wedding
1900 births
1976 deaths
American people of Dutch descent
Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt
Madeira School alumni
People from Asheville, North Carolina
People from New York City
Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt
Cornelia Stuyvesant Vanderbilt
Dooabia puncticostata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by Louis Beethoven Prout in 1923. It is found in Sundaland.
External links
Geometrinae
, also known as Abnormal Physiology Seminar, is a Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by TAGRO and is a remake of his earlier manga series, . Hen Semi has been serialized in Kodansha's Monthly Morning Two manga magazine since 2006. It has been adapted into an original video animation in 2010, as well as an anime television series in 2011.
Plot
Nanako falls in love with Komugi and she joins a seminar which he enrolls, but the seminar is an abnormal seminar. Sexual harassment-like assignments and eccentric classmates confuse her.
Characters
Nanako is a normal university student, who happened to enroll in Abnormal Physiology Seminar. She tries to keep her mental state sound, but other abnormal classmates start to influence her personality...
Nanako has a crush on him. He is a handsome young man, and also a very straightforward person who is not afraid to discuss his perversions, much to the displeasure of others nearby. He also has a Netorare fetish.
Komugi's ex-girlfriend. She is a beautiful woman, but also a masochist and often gets lost in wild sexual fantasies.
A new student from Kanazawa, Ishikawa. She looks like a delinquent, but actually has a split personality. She was originally a sadist to her little brother.
A dissolute student who wants to be a manga artist. He is in a codependency relation with Makiko.
An elusive blonde student who is half British and half Japanese. She is an assistant of Yesterday.
A punk rock and otaku style student who films other people's perversions. He is also a mysophobe.
The seminar's professor. He looks like Kenji Eno.
Kenji's senpai who sometimes asks him for money despite being a wealthy man. He is famous for having developed an eroge. He looks like Yuji Horii. Miwako later dates him.
Media
Manga
Hentai Seiri Seminar appeared serially in 5 episodes in Wanimagazine's hentai manga magazine Comic Kairakuten, and it was contained on a collection of TAGRO's short stories in 2004 by Daitosha. Hen Semi was first serialized in Kondansha's seinen manga magazine Morning 2 in 2006. As of August 2011, 5 volumes have been released.
Original video animation
The first volume was released with the limited edition of volume four of the manga on July 23, 2010; and the second volume was released with the limited edition of volume five of the manga on March 23, 2011. The opening theme is "" by Nobuhiro Makino (composition and arrangement), Hitomi Mieno (lyrics), and Kana Hanazawa (vocals) and the ending theme is "" by Ataru Sumiyoshi (composition and arrangement), Hitomi Mieno (lyrics), and Kana Hanazawa, Minoru Shiraishi, Norihisa Mori, Takashi Matsuyama (vocals).
Anime television series
In December 2010, an anime television series adaptation of Hen Semi was announced on Kodansha's website. Produced by Xebec under the direction of Takao Kato and scripts by Takamitsu Kōno, the series began its broadcast between April 3 to July 3, 2011 on MBS. The duration of the episodes is half of that of a regular anime episode: 12 minutes instead of 24 minutes.
The opening theme is a non-lyric song "" by Masaru Yokoyama and the ending theme is "Punctuation!" by Hajime Kikuchi (composition and arrangement), Hitomi Mieno (lyrics), and Kana Hanazawa (vocals).
Internet radio show
A weekly internet radio show titled began airing on March 15, 2011 on Animate TV. It is co-hosted by Minoru Shiraishi, Norihisa Mori and Takashi Matsuyama.
References
External links
Anime series based on manga
Comedy anime and manga
Kodansha manga
Seinen manga
IG Port franchises
Xebec (studio)
HD 152079 b is an eccentric Jupiter gas giant discovered by the Magellan Planet Search Program in 2010.
References
Exoplanets discovered in 2010
Exoplanets detected by radial velocity
Giant planets
Ara (constellation)
Mount Overill is a volcanic peak in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located east of Rivers Inlet and northwest of Mount Somolenko.
See also
List of volcanoes in Canada
Volcanism of Canada
Volcanism of Western Canada
References
Overill
Volcanoes of British Columbia
Pacific Ranges
Range 2 Coast Land District
Robert Dean Stethem (November 17, 1961 – June 15, 1985) was a United States Navy Seabee diver who was murdered by Hezbollah terrorists during the hijacking of the commercial airliner he was aboard, TWA Flight 847. At the time of his death, his Navy rating was Steelworker Second Class (SW2). He was posthumously promoted to Master Chief Constructionman (CUCM).
Early life
Stethem was born in Waterbury, Connecticut, but grew up in Virginia Beach, Virginia, and Waldorf, Maryland. He was one of four children. His father, Richard Stethem, retired from the Navy as a Senior Chief after 20 years, continuing to work for it as a civilian afterwards. His mother, Patricia, served in the Navy before raising her family, continuing to serve in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces afterwards. His brother, Chief Boatswain's Mate Kenneth Stethem was a Navy SEAL and brother Diver First Class Patrick Stethem served in Underwater Construction Team One for 10 years – the same unit in which Robert served. Stethem had one sister, Sheryl Sierralta.
He graduated from Thomas Stone High School in 1980, where he played defensive back on the varsity and junior varsity football teams. He also played Little League baseball.
Stethem joined the Navy shortly after graduating, reporting for duty on May 4, 1981.
Navy career
In the Navy, Stethem was a Seabee Steelworker assigned to Naval Mobile Construction Battalion 62 in Gulfport, Mississippi. He served multiple tours on Diego Garcia and Guam. Later, Stethem became a 2nd Class Navy Diver and was assigned to the Navy's Underwater Construction Team One in Little Creek, Virginia.
TWA Flight 847
On June 14, 1985, Stethem was returning from an assignment in Nea Makri, Greece, aboard TWA Flight 847 when it was hijacked by criminals, allegedly of the Lebanese organization Hezbollah. The terrorists held 39 people hostage for 17 days, demanding the release of 766 Lebanese and Palestinian terrorists held by Israel.
When their demands were not met, Stethem, as a member of the U.S. military, was targeted, beaten, and tortured. Finally, the terrorists shot him in the temple and dumped his body onto the tarmac at the Beirut airport.
One of the terrorists, Mohammed Ali Hammadi, was arrested two years later in Frankfurt, Germany. He was tried and convicted of Stethem's murder and sentenced to life in prison but was released in 2005 after serving 19 years. Three others, Imad Mugniyah, Hassan Izz-Al-Din, and Ali Atwa, were eventually indicted for their involvement in the incident. In 2002, they were added to the FBI Most Wanted Terrorists list. On February 13, 2008, Mugniyah was killed in an explosion in Damascus, Syria. On September 21, 2019, an unnamed terrorist hijacker was arrested while disembarking a cruise ship that had ported in Greece. His identity came up as being wanted by Germany during a passport check.
Awards and decorations
Stethem was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart and Bronze Star. He is buried in Arlington National Cemetery, Section 59, Grave 430, near other American victims of international terrorism.
On August 24, 2010, in Yokosuka, Japan, on board the ship named after him – the USS Stethem (DDG-63) – Stethem was made an honorary Master Chief Constructionman (CUCM) by order of the Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy. His brother, Kenneth, accepted the certificate and decorations on behalf of the Stethem family.
On April 24, 2015, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus presented the Prisoner of War medal to Stethem's parents.
Honors
The following are named after Stethem:
The Robert D. Stethem Memorial Sports Complex, Waldorf, Maryland
The Robert D. Stethem Educational Center, a vocational school in Pomfret, Maryland
Robert D. Stethem Barracks, Training Support Center Hampton Roads, Virginia Beach, Virginia
Stethem Memorial Navy Lodge, Naval Construction Battalion Center, Gulfport, Mississippi
Headquarters building and a street on the base, Port Hueneme Naval Construction Training Center, near Oxnard, California
USS Stethem (DDG-63), an Aegis Arleigh Burke-class destroyer, commissioned 1995
In popular culture
A scene from the movie The Delta Force shows a U.S. Navy diver being beaten, tortured, murdered and his body being dumped onto the tarmac. This scene is based on Stethem's terrorist murder.
Stethem was portrayed by Steven Eckholdt in the 1988 TV movie The Taking of Flight 847: The Uli Derickson Story.
See also
Aircraft hijacking
References
External links
Robert Dean Stethem, ArlingtonCemetery•net, an unofficial website
1961 births
1985 deaths
1985 murders in Asia
Seabees
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
American people murdered abroad
People murdered in Lebanon
Deaths by firearm in Lebanon
People from Waterbury, Connecticut
People from Virginia Beach, Virginia
People from Waldorf, Maryland
Marie Elizabeth de LaFite (1737–1794) was a published author who translated English texts into French, and was a Dutch governess before joining the service of Queen Charlotte of England while her native country went through the French Revolution.
Personal life
She was born in Hamburg, Germany on August 21, 1737, to Jean Alexandre Boué and Marie-Elisabeth Cottin. She traveled for many years and in 1768 she married Jean-Daniel de La Fite (1719-1781), a Huguenot minister from La Haye. They lived in The Hague, a Dutch city created and devoted to government, where Jean-Daniel was minister of the Walloon Church and chaplain to the house of Orange for over a decade. In 1770 she gave birth to a girl, Marguerite Emelie Elise, and in 1773 had a son, Henri François Alexandre. In the same year her son was born, Marie Elizabeth de LaFite began her literary career by translating the German Mlle de Sternheim, by Sophie da La Roche, into French. While this was her first published work, LaFite had previously helped her husband create a scholarly periodical focusing on health and wellness for the poor called Bibliothèque des Sciences et des Beaux Arts. Her next work came in 1775 when she wrote critiques and essays for a few years before she began producing educational books in 1778, which she is most known for.
In 1781 both her father and husband died, leaving her in need of work as she was not a particularly wealthy widow. De Richemond quoted a letter to her sister in which Marie Elizabeth acknowledged her need to work and make a living for herself. She moved to London with her daughter Elise, where she gained employment under Queen Charlotte as a reader and lady-companion to the three eldest princesses. This was not the first time the English monarchy had brought in foreign women authors to join the court. Nearly 20 years before, Jeanne Leprince de Beaumont was invited into the father of King George III's inner circle, setting an example for women like LaFite who was invited to London by George's wife Charlotte.
In London, her most famous work, Questions to be Resolved: or, A New Method of Exercising the Attention of Young People. Interspersed with Various Pieces, Calculated for Instruction and Amusement, first appeared in English in 1790. Just before the end of her life, Marie Elizabeth returned to translating the work of La Roche again and Johann Kaspar Lavater. Marie Elizabeth de LaFite died in London in 1794.
Literary work
Marie Elizabeth organized her book, Questions to be Resolved, in a unique fashion. Instead of writing a novel, she describes scenes between two daughters and their mother in which the daughters display a deep commitment to their mother. In these short stories, the mother also plays the role of educator, a common theme throughout European women's history, as she discusses the meaning of virtue, pleasure, history, and other philosophical questions. This makes her book relate towards her intended audience, mothers with daughters, and allows for a style that resembles a textbook rather than a narrative. Marie Elizabeth poses a series of questions following each dialogue or short play in order to reinforce what she is trying to teach readers in the chapters. The “Divisions” focus directly on the information from the dialogues and serve as a means to enlighten her readers and contain the answers to her questions. Her book is designed to be a teaching tool for young girls, taking noble French ideas about morality and turning them into a reading comprehension workbook. Marie Elizabeth not only produced a book of dialogues for learning, it is also a reflection of the values and society in which she lived.
Marie Elizabeth created a story of a stranger who gave money to a wounded American soldier from the American Revolution to help him get back home. Although the soldier promised to pay him back, the man was less concerned with the money than with his ability to give charity and with his honesty. The unidentifiable man in the narrative claimed to have donated because he appeared honest and in need, and he had the means to help him. Early modern aristocrats had to be concerned with their public image and giving charity was a common form of publicity that affected their community. This story is written to highlight the importance of helping the less fortunate and to show that good things often happen to selfless people, as seen by the soldier keeping his promise to pay back the man what he borrowed from him. Then again the soldier's father invited the stranger to share in his family's wealth and possessions because of the kindness that had been shown to his son. In addition to writing about the relationship between those with money and the less fortunate, Marie Elizabeth expands on the mother-daughter dynamics of her day.
Mothers were responsible for teaching their daughters the way of the world. However, there are always disagreements between parents and their children. Marie showed these disputes in her book through her creative fictional dialogues. For example, it was expected of daughters to take the advice of their mothers because they had already gone through the trials of womanhood in the early modern period. Like modern families, this is not always practiced in society and Marie Elizabeth argues that struggles make people stronger, but only if they are willing to accept their problems by remaining composed, patient, and confident. These were all traits that young women were expected to display in their daily lives and Marie wrote to continue to pass on this ideology of what makes a proper woman.
“The more at peace one is with one self, the less liable is the mind to be tormented with the turbulent passions of anger, hatred, and revenge. You see, therefore, Paulina, that self-approbation lessens the number of our evils, and softens those it cannot prevent.”
LaFite is known for her letters and books, as well as her translating work. She translated Histoire de la conversion du comte J.F. Sruensée, ci-devant minister de S.M., Memoires de Mlle de Sternheim par Mme de La Roche, and Vie et lettres de Gellert, all from German to French. LaFite also translated a few English texts into French such as Pensées sur les moeurs des Grands. She wrote "Lettres sur divers sujets", letters to Rijklof Michaël von Goens, Entretiens, drames et contes moraux, destines à l'éducation de la jeunesse, par Madame de La Fite, and the original French version of Questions to be Resolved.
Today
Researching Marie Elizabeth de LaFite is difficult due to a lack of primary sources. The discrepancies in information include two documents that claims she was born in 1750, a whole 13 years after two other sources. There is a lack of English translations of her works and letters. The majority of her work is kept in The Hague or Amsterdam, while other works and translations are in libraries of Rotterdam and Stockholm.
Bibliography
45 Books by and About Women, (Los Angeles, CA: Michael Thompson Books), accessed May 1, 2016.
Gilleir, Anke, Alicia Montoya, and Suzanna van Dijk. Women Writing Back/Writing Women Back: Transnational Perspectives from the Late Middle Ages to the Dawn of the Modern Era. Leiden: Brill, 2010.
Hale, Sarah Josepha Buell. Woman's Record, Or, Sketches of All Distinguished Women: From the Creation to A.D. 1854: Arranged in Four Eras: with Selections from Female Writers of Every Age. New York: Harper & Bros., 1855.
LaFite, Marie Elizabeth. Questions to be Resolved: or, A New Method of Exercising the Attention of Young People. Interspersed with Various Pieces, Calculated for Instruction and Amusement. London: J. Murray, 1791.
External links
Lettres sur divers sujets – Marie Elisabeth Bouée de La Fite
References
1737 births
1794 deaths
18th-century French writers
Writers from The Hague
German people of French descent
French expatriates in the Netherlands
French expatriates in England
Translators from French
Translators from German
18th-century translators
Maya Chowdhry (born 1964) is a British playwright, poet and transmedia interactive artist.
Life
Maya Chowdhry was born in Edinburgh in 1964. She began writing as an adolescent:
Chowdhry worked for Sheffield Film Co-op in the 1980s, and wrote theatre for young people in the 1990s. Like other black women playwrights such as Jackie Kay and Jacqueline Rudet, Chowdhry was helped by the appointment of the black woman producer Frances-Anne Solomon to BBC Radio 4.
Chowdhry's first play, Monsoon (1993), was broadcast as part of the BBC Young Playwrights' Festival. Monsoon portrays the return of sisters Jalaarnava and Kavitaa, two second-generation migrant young women, to their parents' birthplace in India. The play parallels the experience of menstruation with waiting for the seasonal monsoon. Chowdhry's play Kaahini (1997) was toured by Red Ladder, as one of a series of plays aimed primarily at Asian-British girls. Influenced by the story of Shikhandi in the Mahabharata, the play dramatizes a gender reversal narrative: a British Indian teenage girl, Esha, is brought up by her parents as a boy. After a close friend Farooq falls in love with Esha, she reveals herself to him as a girl and is forced to work through her gender identity.
In 2000 Chowdhry moved into digital work, and received an Arts Council Year of the Artist Award for her digital work destinyNation.
In 2015 Chowdhry collaborated with poet Sarah Hymas on "poetic sculptures" exploring the fragility of life and anthropogenic climate change.
In April 2020 Chowdhry was awarded a COVID-19 Creative Commission from Greater Manchester Combined Authority.
Works
Plays
(with Jag Rahi Hai) Putting in the Pickle Where the Jam Should Be, Write Back, 1989.
Monsoon. In Monsoon: Six Plays By Black & Asian Women, Aurora Metro Press, 1993.
The Crossing Path. In New Plays for Young People, Faber and Faber, 2003.
Kaahini. Edinburgh: Capercaillie, 2004.
Other writing
Contributions in As Girls Could Boast: New Poetry by Women, 1994.
(ed. with Nina Rapi) Acts of Passion: Sexuality, Gender and Performance, New York: Harrington Park Press, 1998, pp.9-20.
'Healing Strategies for Women at War', in Seven Black Women Poets, Crocus Presss, 1999.
k/not theory; a self dialogue, Journal of Lesbian Studies, Volume 4, 2000
(ed. with Mary Sharratt) Bitch Lit. Manchester: Crocus, 2006.
The seamstress and the global garment. Manchester : Crocus debuts/Suitcase, 2009.
Fossil. Leeds, England: Peepal Tree, 2016.
References
External links
Writers Gallery: Maya Chowdhry
Poem of the week: Microbial Museum by Maya Chowdhry
1964 births
Living people
British dramatists and playwrights
British Asian writers
British poets
Interactive art
Westfield Brandon, formerly known as Brandon Town Center and Westfield Shoppingtown Brandon, is a shopping mall located eight miles (13 km) east of Tampa, Florida, in the suburban community of Brandon. The mall is owned by Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and is one of five Westfield shopping centers in the state of Florida. Westfield Brandon is directly off Interstate 75, sitting on land between State Road 60 and the Lee Roy Selmon Expressway.
History
The mall was first conceived in the late 1980s, and originally opened in early 1995 as Brandon Town Center. The mall served a million shoppers in its first seventeen days alone . When it first opened, Brandon Town Center boasted of retail space. The original anchors were Sears, JCPenney, Burdines, and Dillard's. Maas Brothers also signed although it filed for bankruptcy as it was absorbed into Burdines four years before the mall was built.
Prior to Westfield Brandon, Carrey Cattle Company owned the land and operated a cattle farm there.
The Westfield Group acquired the Town Center in 2002 and renamed it "Westfield Shoppingtown Brandon" in line with the other Westfield centers . Many of the distinctive fountains featuring metal sculptures of Florida wildlife were demolished in favor of vendor kiosks in the months following the transition. Currently, of space is given to retail shops and restaurants. Westfield Brandon is the second-most visited mall in Tampa, behind Tampa's mall leader, International Plaza and Bay Street.
In March 2005, the Burdines was renamed Macy's after briefly operating as Burdines-Macy's. Like all Macy's in Florida that were Burdines, the palm tree columns reminiscent of the "Burdines style" of architecture remained. The "Shoppingtown" was dropped from the name in June 2005.
On January 11, 2006, Westfield announced a expansion, adding a Dick's Sporting Goods anchor in addition to more retail outlets and restaurants (including The Cheesecake Factory and Starbucks). It was completed in the spring of 2007. Expanding the mall to include some planned pedestrian-friendly establishments has worried commuters who may have to temporarily find alternate routes to the already-congested State Road 60 and the Lee Roy Selmon Expressway.
The new, expanded wing includes stores such as the Apple Store, Books-A-Million, DSW, Fossil, Sephora, Tillys, Torrid, and The Walking Company.
On January 29, 2021, it was announced that Sears would be closing as part of a plan to close 23 stores nationwide. The store closed on April 18, 2021.
Anchor stores
Books A Million (2007–present)
Dick's Sporting Goods (2007–present)
DSW (2007–present)
Dillard's (1995–present)
JCPenney (1995–present)
Macy's (opened as Burdines, 1995-2005, renamed Macy's, 2005-present)
Former Anchor Stores
Sears (1995–2021)
See also
Westfield Corporation
References
External links
Westfield Brandon's Official Website
Buildings and structures in Hillsborough County, Florida
Shopping malls in Florida
Brandon
Tourist attractions in Hillsborough County, Florida
Shopping malls established in 1995
1995 establishments in Florida
Jan Ščotka (born May 20, 1996) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing for HC Litvínov of the Czech Extraliga.
Ščotka made his Czech Extraliga debut playing with HC Pardubice during the 2014–15 Czech Extraliga season.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
HC Dynamo Pardubice players
Czech ice hockey defencemen
People from Vsetín
Sportspeople from the Zlín Region
The white-faced robin (Tregellasia leucops) is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae.
It is found in New Guinea and eastern Cape York Peninsula.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
External links
white-faced robin
Birds of New Guinea
Birds of Cape York Peninsula
white-faced robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This list contains terrestrial members of the order Carnivora with an average reported mass of or more, all bears and pantherine cats.
See also
List of the largest mammals
List of the largest cats
Largest organisms
References
Land carnivorans
Carnivorans
Only Time Will Tell is a first part of the seven in Clifton Chronicles by Jeffrey Archer. The book was published worldwide in 2011. It was launched by Jeffrey Archer himself in Bangalore, India in March 2011, as the beginning of a global book tour.
Plot
The plot revolves around the protagonist Harry Clifton, spanning the time between the end of World War I and the beginning of the Second World War. The novel is set in Bristol, England, from 1919 to 1940 and centers on Harry Clifton, a young boy destined to follow in the footsteps of his father and uncle and work on the docks until a new world is opened up to him. Harry has the gift of song, and when Miss Monday, the choir mistress; Mr. Holcombe, his elementary school teacher; and Old Jack Tar, a Boer War hero and loner all help him, his life is changed forever. Harry's mother, Maisie, works as a waitress and scrimps and saves to send her son to school and give him a better life.
Maisie's sacrifices and the secret of Harry's parentage are the main focus of Only Time Will Tell. Harry has grown up thinking Arthur Clifton is his father and that he died in the war. Maisie knows the truth about Harry's parentage, and a few people know the truth about Arthur Clifton's death, but no one tells Harry anything.
While Harry is off at school befriending Giles Barrington, the son of the man who owns the shipping company where Harry's father and uncle work and who knows what happened to Arthur Clifton, Maisie deals with countless personal tragedies and must make some tough decisions to continue Harry's schooling. At the same time, it looks as though England may go to war with Germany, and Harry must consider what this means for his future. He also has insights of his past that may affect his future .
Reception
The novel quickly became a bestseller, reaching number one a day after its release. All the copy of books is sold out the day it was launched by Archer in India.
Characters
Harry Clifton - The protagonist of the book.
Maisie Clifton - Harry's mother who after sudden death of her husband Arthur, tries to make ends meet to support her family and Harry's education.
Captain Jack Tarrant, VC (a.k.a. "Old Jack Tar") - Is supposedly based on 2 or 3 real life people including General Tommy McPherson. A Boer War veteran who saved the life of his fellow officers and men, he is decorated with the Victoria Cross for his services, but is left permanently scarred by having killed 11 Boer soldiers to earn the medal, and cuts himself off from the world, eventually being persuaded to accept a job as a night watchman in the Barrington shipyards by his former lieutenant, Sir Walter Barrington, whose life he saved. He takes up residence in the shipyard, in an old railway carriage.
Mr Holcombe - Harry's first teacher at Merrywood Elementary school
Mr Frobisher - Harry's housemaster at St Bede's
Sir Walter Barrington - The patriarch of the Barrington family. A god-fearing man.
Hugo Barrington - Son of Sir Walter. Referred to by Old Jack Tar as "A man not cut out of the same cloth as his father." Also the antagonist in the book. Creates obstacles in Harry's life.
Elizabeth Barrington - Hugo's wife and Giles' and Emma's mother.
Lord Harvey - Elizabeth's father. Owns a manor in Scotland.
Algernon Deakins - Harry's friend throughout school life
Giles Barrington - Harry's best friend and Hugo's son.
Emma Barrington - Giles' sister and Harry's lover.
Stan Tancock - Maisie Clifton's brother and Arthur Clifton's best friend and co-worker, a high-functioning alcoholic.
References
2011 British novels
Novels by Jeffrey Archer
Novels set in Bristol
Macmillan Publishers books
Pantperthog is a hamlet in southern Gwynedd in Wales, 2 miles north of Machynlleth and 14 miles southeast of Dolgellau. Nearby is the former Llwyngwern quarry, which is now the Centre for Alternative Technology.
Government
Pantperthog has a community council. The current representatives are elected residents and the local councillor who often attends is John Pughe Roberts.
The community council system replaced the old parish council system and tackles local issues, acts as a contact point between local government and residents for information and resource on many environmental, equality, ethnicity and gender issues and other problems.
Forestry
The village has strong forestry connections, with part of the Dyfi Forest to the rear of the village.
Transport
The A487 trunk road passes through Pantperthog en route to Machynlleth and Dolgellau.
References
Villages in Powys
Sona Mohapatra (born 17 June 1976) is an Indian singer, music composer and lyricist. In addition to her own material, Mohapatra has recorded remixes of songs by David Bowie, with "Let's Dance", and INXS, with "Afterglow", with the latter proving particularly successful.
Background
Sona is a BTech engineering graduate from the College of Engineering and Technology, Bhubaneswar in Mechanical Engineering . She also obtained an MBA degree from Symbiosis Centre for Management & HRD, Pune in marketing & Systems. She later worked as the brand manager in Marico, handling brands like Parachute & Mediker amongst others.
Releases
Her first ventures in music industry started with advertising. One of her most famous jingles was for Tata Salt – "Kal Ka Bharat Hai" & the campaign for Unilever's Close Up has a section of her song "Paas Aao Na," which has been recorded in several languages and aired across 13 countries for four consecutive years. In 2007, she released her debut album, Sona, on Sony Records, which sought to explore the diverse styles of rock, rhythm and blues, Flamenco, Hindustani, Baul and Romani music. In 2009, she released the single Diljale & Paas Aao Na in the same year. She sang the song "Bedardi Raja" in the movie Delhi Belly for Aamir Khan Productions and did a cameo in it. She has also sung the theme songs "Mujhe Kya Bechega Rupaiya" and "Ghar Yaad Aata Hai Mujhe" for the TV show Satyamev Jayate. Her song "Jiya Laage Na" from the soundtrack of Talaash received rave reviews upon its release. Sona has her own band composed of guitar virtuoso Sanjoy Das amongst five more musicians and is an electric live performer who has played at a multitude of live venues including the Lincoln Center in New York & to stadium crowds in India in Chandigarh, Chennai & Siliguri amongst others . She has also headlined the international Jodhpur RIFF festival held at the Mehrangarh Fort. The song "Bolo Na" from Sona was appreciated by the audience.
Career
Sona Mohapatra came to mainstream prominence with the trendbreaking talk show Satyamev Jayate with Aamir Khan, in which she frequently appeared as a lead singer and performer. She was also the executive producer of the musical project on the same show. Her cameo performances recorded more than 9 million views across sites as per the latest digital count. She confessed in a recent interview that the project was all consuming in terms of the emotional and physical energies invested. It involved multiple lyricists, unconventional subjects, and lots of brainstorming on the songs, lyrics, shoots and recordings. To top it all, all songs were translated and recorded in multiple languages. According to Sona "Oriya influences in Bollywood are rare as yet – unlike an overdose of Punjabi, Rajasthani, Bengali and even Southern music. The song "Mujhe Kya Bechega Rupaiya," sung by Mohapatra, was composed by Ram Sampath and was aired on the third episode of Satyamev Jayate based on celebrating women's freedom. The song has received over 26 million hits on t-series' YouTube channel.
Personal life
Mohapatra is married to Ram Sampath, a song composer and music director in Bollywood. She first met him in 2002, while she was still working as a brand manager with Marico. They were introduced by director Ram Madhvani, with whom Sampath was working for Let's Talk (2002); they married in 2005. Ram later became a household name for his innovative score of the film Delhi Belly (2011), followed by Satyamev Jayate (2012) and Talaash (2012). She is partnering with Sampath in their music production house OmGrown Music and reside in Mumbai. They also have their own studios in the same city.
Controversies
In October 2018, she accused Kailash Kher and Anu Malik of sexual misconduct.
Recently, Mohapatra received a death threat after she lashed out at Salman Khan for constantly taking digs at Priyanka Chopra for leaving Bharat.
Documentary
Mohapatra released a documentary film based on her life called Shut Up Sona which won multiple awards at different film festivals
Discography
Bollywood
TV
Satyamev Jayate – Mujhe Kya Bechega Rupaiya, Ghar Yaad Aata Hai Mujhe and Chanda Pe Dance, Bekhauff
Studio album
SONA (Song – Bolo Na, Aja Ve, Tere Ishq Nachaya, Abhi Nahin Ana)
Piya Se Naina on Coke Studio Season 3
Rangabati on Coke Studio (India), 2015
Compilation
Love is (2007) – Afterglow
Teri Deewani – Ishq Nachaya
Aao Ji – Aja Ve
Soulful Sufi (2009) – Abhi Nahin Anaa
Video
Dekh Le (2013)
Covers
"Zalima" (from Raees)
Non-film Songs
"Mon Ke Bojhai" with Sahil Solanki
"Ghane Badra"
"Aigiri Nandini"
"Piya Se Naina"
"Anhad Naad"
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Sona Mohapatra Biography
Living people
Indian women playback singers
Indian women singer-songwriters
Indian singer-songwriters
Bollywood playback singers
Odia playback singers
College of Engineering and Technology, Bhubaneswar alumni
1976 births
20th-century Indian singers
Singers from Odisha
20th-century Indian women singers
21st-century Indian women singers
21st-century Indian singers
Women musicians from Odisha
Matthew Sean Campbell (born October 29, 1970 in Ames, Iowa) was the 2010 Democratic nominee for the United States Congress in Iowa's 5th congressional district, challenging incumbent Republican Representative Steve King.
Early life and education
Campbell is the oldest of five and son of Harry and Dianne Campbell. He is a fifth generation Campbell to have lived on the Iowa Century Farm near Manning, Iowa, established in 1880. Campbell attended Manning High School where he was a captain on the football and basketball teams his senior year and was a third-team all-state linebacker. Campbell graduated from Manning High School in 1989 and was awarded a four-year full college tuition scholarship by Morningside College where he earned a B.A. in political science and economics in 1993. Campbell studied US-Japanese bilateral relationship in Osaka, Japan as part of his Morningside College education through an exchange program with Kansai Gaidai University from 1992 until 1993. He later achieved a law degree from the University of Iowa College of Law, and an LL.M in taxation from Georgetown University which is perennially-ranked as one of the best tax law programs in the nation. Campbell, through the Iowa Sister States program, further was a guest of the Taiwanese Ministry of Education for the 1995 International Seminar on Chinese Studies in Taipei.
Campbell is a founding member of the Iowa chapter of the Hugh O'Brian Youth Leadership Foundation Alumni Association having served as its president for its first two years of existence and was the director of the 1992 Sioux City Community Leadership and Educational Workshop for high school youth at Morningside College. Campbell was a 1988 Iowa youth delegate to the Rural Electric Cooperative Association Youth Tour in Washington D.C. courtesy of the Iowa Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives and is a member of the United Methodist Church.
As a student Matt Campbell volunteered and interned for U.S. Senator Tom Harkin in his Sioux City office. He campaigned for Harkin in Iowa and New Hampshire during his 1992 run for U.S. President. In 2003, Campbell was a juror in State of Iowa vs Rodney Heemstra, a first degree murder case filed in Warren County but moved to Sioux City due to extensive pretrial publicity. Heemstra, a farmer in Warren County, was accused of shooting and killing fellow farmer Tom Lyon in January 2003 over a land dispute. Heemstra pled not guilty and invoked a self-defense claim. The jury, however, rejected Heemstra's claims and found Heemstra guilty after two days of deliberations. Campbell and two other jurors later were interviewed about the case for a Dateline NBC special.
Professional career
Campbell served as an intern at the U.S. Court of Federal Claims for Moody R. Tidwell, Justice Paul J. Kilburg of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court and as a research assistant at the University of Iowa, College of Law for Andrew G.T. Moore II, formerly of the Delaware Supreme Court. He worked for KPMG including a rotation at its Washington National Tax Practice and worked exclusively in federal income tax issues at Kalbian Hagerty, LLP, the outside general counsel for the United Arab Emirates embassy in Washington D.C.
Campbell has over 10 years experience providing international tax services, during which time he represented numerous Fortune 500 companies on a wide range of tax issues, primarily in mergers and acquisitions. Campbell most recently served as the South region lead for international tax, working primarily with nonpublic companies averaging between $20 million and $300 million in annual revenue, for BKD, LLP in Houston, Texas, the nation's 10th largest accounting and auditing firm in the nation. He has participated in Praxity global tax conferences and works with companies expanding into markets abroad or which have ongoing worldwide operations.
2010 U.S. Congressional campaign
Campbell was the Democratic nominee challenging Republican incumbent Steve King for the 5th District seat. He received the maximum individual contribution amount possible from business billionaire Warren Buffett.
Campbell won the 2010 Democratic primary winning with 76% of the Democratic vote but was defeated on November 2, 2010, with incumbent Steve King garnering 66% of the vote with 128,363 votes to Campbell's 63,160 votes.
Political positions
In April, 2010, Campbell stated his issue positions in an interview with the Spencer Daily Reporter.
Businesses and jobs
Campbell hopes to bring more businesses and jobs to Iowa by pursuing Iowa's fair share of stimulus dollars, used for the construction of high-technology manufacturing plants. He wants to create a liaison for renewable energy projects to help investors identify which projects are most logical, mandate interchange agreements for local energy producers and guarantee financing to get projects started. He wants to create an economic development liaison to provide better assistance for small businesses. From his experience in working with nonpublic companies averaging between $20 million and $300 million in annual revenue, he sees the need to get more of those types of industries established in Iowa.
Financial regulation reform
Campbell supports increased oversight of the financial sector.
Health care reform
Campbell supports the health care reform bill and that the majority of Americans will support it once they understand it. He believes it will save money, but will make changes if it raises taxes or increases premiums.
Afghanistan and Iraq
He supported the decision for military action in both Afghanistan and Iraq, but also believes involvement in both countries should begin "winding down."
Immigration
Campbell considers himself a law and order Democrat and opposes any kind of amnesty for illegal immigrants currently in the U.S.
References
External links
Matt Campbell for Congress - official campaign site
Campaign contributions at OpenSecrets.org
Matt Campbell column archives at The Huffington Post
From the farm to the campaign trail: Campbell hoping to unseat Rep. Steve King in November, Gabe Licht, Spencer Daily Reporter, April 20, 2010
Living people
1970 births
People from Carroll County, Iowa
Iowa Democrats
Morningside University alumni
University of Iowa College of Law alumni
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Iowa lawyers
Tottington is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury, Greater Manchester, England, and the area also includes the villages of Walshaw and Greenmount and the surrounding countryside. The area is unparished, and contains 33 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, two are listed at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The area is partly agricultural and partly residential, and its listed buildings include farmhouses and farm buildings, private houses and associated structures, an ancient cross, churches and associated structures, a village lock-up, and schools.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury
Amos Henry Jackson (May 10, 1846 – August 30, 1924) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1903 to 1905.
Biography
Born near Franklin, New York, Jackson moved with his parents to Gibson, New York, in 1854 and to a farm near Corning, New York, in 1862, where he attended the common schools. He moved to Ohio in 1866. He was employed as a carpenter for several years and then engaged in selling notions from a wagon. He settled in Fremont, Ohio, in 1882 and engaged in the retail dry goods and shoe business and later engaged in manufactures. He served as mayor of Fremont 1897-1901.
Jackson was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1903 – March 3, 1905). He was not a candidate for renomination in 1904. He resumed manufacturing interests in Fremont, Ohio, until 1922 when he retired. He died in Fremont, Ohio, on August 30, 1924. He was interred in Oakwood Cemetery.
Sources
1846 births
1924 deaths
Mayors of places in Ohio
People from Delaware County, New York
People from Fremont, Ohio
Politicians from Corning, New York
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Troup County (pronounced ) is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 67,044. The county seat is LaGrange.
Troup County comprises the LaGrange, GA Micropolitan Statistical Area. It is included in the Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs, GA Combined Statistical Area.
History
For thousands of years, this area of what is now defined as west central Georgia was occupied by cultures of indigenous peoples. In the historic period, it was part of a large area controlled by the Muscogee, also known as the Creek people.
The land for Lee, Muscogee, Troup, Coweta, and Carroll counties was ceded by the Creek to the United States in the 1825 Treaty of Indian Springs. The counties' boundaries were created by the Georgia General Assembly on June 9, 1826, but the counties themselves were not named until December 14, 1826.
The county is named for George Troup, thirty-fourth governor of Georgia, U.S. representative, and senator.
As with much of the Piedmont, this area was developed in the antebellum era for cotton cultivation after short-staple cotton was made profitable by invention of the cotton gin. By 1860 Troup County was the fourth-wealthiest in Georgia and fifth-largest slaveholding county in the state.
According to U.S. Census data, the 1860 Troup County population included 6,223 whites, 37 "free colored" and 10,002 slaves. By the 1870 census, the white population had increased about 3% to 6,408, while the "colored" population had increased about 12% to 11,224.
During the post-Reconstruction period, violence and the number of lynchings of blacks increased in the late 19th century, as whites exercised terrorism to re-establish and maintain white supremacy. Whites lynched three African Americans in Troup County in this period, most were killed around the turn of the 20th century. Such deaths occurred through the post-World War II period. A fourth man from Troup County was lynched in neighboring Harris County.
In the late 19th century, entrepreneurs in LaGrange built the first cotton mill, and others were rapidly established in this area. Initially they employed only white workers.
20th century to present
During the first half of the 20th century, thousands of blacks left Georgia and other southern states in what is known as the Great Migration. They were seeking work as mechanization reduced the number of farm jobs, and they were seeking more opportunities than in the Jim Crow South, where they were disenfranchised and socially oppressed.
On September 8, 1940, 16-year-old Austin Callaway, a black youth, was arrested in LaGrange as a suspect in an attack on a white woman. The next night a small, armed group of white men took him from the county jail, driving him out to the nearby countryside, where they lynched him: shooting him several times and leaving him for dead. In 2017 a man who was a child at the time revealed that his white family found and took Callaway to the hospital, where he died the next day. They had kept their role secret out of fear of the KKK. Callaway was noted by the local paper as dying from gunshot wounds; the New York Times at the time described it as a lynching. As was typical in these cases, no one was prosecuted for the murder. In response, that fall African Americans organized the first NAACP chapter in Troup County at Warren Temple Methodist Church in LaGrange. It has worked on a variety of civil rights issues, including voting rights, equal justice, access, and human services.
In 1947, prosperous farmer Henry "Peg" Gilbert, a married African-American father who owned and farmed 100 acres in the county, was arrested and charged with harboring a fugitive by officials from neighboring Harris County, Georgia, in the case of Gus Davidson. Also African American, the latter man was charged in the shooting death of a white farmer. Four days later Gilbert was dead, shot while held in jail by the Harris County Sheriff, in what he said was self-defense. In 2016 the Civil Rights and Restorative Justice Project of Northeastern University reported on this death in custody. They found that Gilbert had been beaten severely before his death, and shot five times. They asserted he had been detained and killed because of his success as a farmer.
By 1960, the county was recorded in the US Census as having 31,418 whites and 15,760 "Negroes" (now classified as black or African Americans). Following passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, blacks gradually regained the ability to vote and take part in the political process.
Textile manufacturing was a major part of the economy until the late 20th century, when textile manufacturing moved offshore to areas with cheaper labor. The county has acquired other industry, notably auto parts manufacturers who support the nearby Kia Motors plant. Also in the area are West Point Lake and Callaway Gardens, which attract tourists and visitors as top recreation destinations in the state.
As of 2015, the official historian of Troup County is writer Forrest Clark Johnson, III, who has published several books on the county and region's history. He is a retired teacher in the county's school system.
On January 25, 2017, Mayor Jim Thornton and Police Chief Louis M. Dekmar, of the county seat of LaGrange, publicly apologized to more than 200 people gathered for a reconciliation service at Warren Temple United Methodist Church for the police's failure decades before to protect Callaway, saying:
"I sincerely regret and denounce the role our Police Department played in Austin's lynching, both through our action and our inaction," Chief Dekmar told a crowd at a traditionally African-American church. "And for that, I'm profoundly sorry. It should never have happened."
Residents organized Troup Together, a grassroots group to acknowledge lynchings, commemorate the victims, and work on racial reconciliation. On March 18, 2017, black and white residents of the county gathered to dedicate a historic marker at Warren Temple Church "memorializing Callaway's lynching and three others documented in the area: Willis Hodnett in 1884; Samuel Owensby in 1913 and Henry Gilbert, a Troup County resident who was lynched in neighboring Harris County in 1947." Another ceremony was held at Southview Cemetery in LaGrange, where these names were read.
On April 7, 2017, Troup County's computer systems were the victim of a ransomware attack; it caused all county computer systems to be inaccessible. This included the sheriff's office and district attorney's office. After 5 days, the county was still working to get 400 computer systems back online.
Government
The government of Troup County is based on an elected county commission, or council. The chairman is elected county-wide, or at-large, and four commissioners are each elected from single-member districts. District 5 includes much of the territory of LaGrange, the county seat and most densely settled community in the county.
Politics
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (7.2%) is water. The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state.
The entirety of Troup County is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Lake Harding sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin).
Major highways
Interstate 85
Interstate 185
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 29
State Route 1
State Route 14
State Route 14 Connector
State Route 14 Spur
State Route 18
State Route 54
State Route 100
State Route 103
State Route 109
State Route 219
State Route 403 (unsigned designation for I-85)
State Route 411 (unsigned designation for I-185)
Adjacent counties
Coweta County (northeast)
Meriwether County (east)
Harris County (south)
Chambers County, Alabama (southwest/CST Border except for Lanett and Valley as they are part of the Columbus Metropolitan Area)
Randolph County, Alabama (northwest/CST Border)
Heard County (north)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 58,779 people, 21,920 households, and 15,607 families residing in the county. The population density was 142 people per square mile (55/km2). There were 23,824 housing units at an average density of 58 per square mile (22/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 65.80% White, 31.87% Black or African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.58% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.75% from other races, and 0.78% from two or more races. 1.71% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 21,920 households, out of which 34.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.10% were married couples living together, 17.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.80% were non-families. 24.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.12.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.90% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 28.40% from 25 to 44, 21.90% from 45 to 64, and 12.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,469, and the median income for a family was $41,891. Males had a median income of $31,863 versus $22,393 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,626. About 12.20% of families and 14.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.70% of those under age 18 and 14.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 67,044 people, 24,828 households, and 17,489 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 28,046 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 61.5% white, 33.4% black or African American, 1.6% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.7% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 12.3% were English, 12.1% were American, 11.4% were Irish, and 7.3% were German.
Of the 24,828 households, 37.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 45.0% were married couples living together, 20.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.6% were non-families, and 25.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.12. The median age was 36.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,770 and the median income for a family was $50,625. Males had a median income of $39,960 versus $28,218 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,699. About 15.5% of families and 19.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.1% of those under age 18 and 14.2% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 69,426 people, 24,436 households, and 15,354 families residing in the county.
Communities
Harrisonville
Hogansville
LaGrange (county seat)
Long Cane
Mountville
West Point
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Troup County, Georgia
The Burnt Village
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1826 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1826
Troup
Deiby Aldair Flores (born 16 June 1996) is a Honduran professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Super League Greece club Panetolikos and the Honduras national team.
Career
Born in San Pedro Sula, Flores made his debut for F.C. Motagua in the Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras on 12 January 2014, coming on as a substitute for Irvin Reyna in a 1–0 away win against Deportes Savio.
On 24 February 2015, Flores joined Major League Soccer club Vancouver Whitecaps FC on a one-year loan with a transfer option. He made is debut on 28 March 2015, coming off the bench for Gershon Koffie against the Portland Timbers in a 2–1 home win. On 18 January 2016, Vancouver signed Flores from Motagua on a multi-year contract after making his loan move permanent.
On 9 August 2016, Flores returned to Motagua on a temporary loan deal until 31 December 2016. The following 12 July, he was loaned to Motagua again, this time until 30 June 2018.
On 2 July 2018, Flores was waived by Vancouver.
References
External links
Whitecaps FC Profile
1996 births
Living people
Honduran footballers
Honduras international footballers
F.C. Motagua players
Vancouver Whitecaps FC players
Whitecaps FC 2 players
Association football midfielders
Major League Soccer players
USL Championship players
2015 CONCACAF U-20 Championship players
People from San Pedro Sula
Honduran expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Honduran expatriate sportspeople in Canada
C.D. Olimpia players
2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Seda Gurgenovna Tutkhalyan (, ; born 15 July 1999) is a Russian artistic gymnast. She is the 2014 Youth Olympic Games Individual All-around champion and a 2016 Summer Olympics Team silver medalist.
Personal life
Tutkhalyan was born July 15, 1999 in Gyumri, Armenia, and moved to Moscow early in childhood. Her father, Gurgen Tutkhalyan, was a four-time world champion for the Soviet Union in sambo martial arts, and her older brother, Vaik, currently competes for Belarus in the same sport.
Junior career
2013 was Tutkhalyan's breakout year. At the Russian Junior Championships, she won team, all-around, vault, and uneven bars gold, floor exercise bronze, and placed seventh on balance beam. Later, at the Olympic Hopes competition, she won gold with her team and on vault, and silver in the all-around and on floor exercise. Her international debut came that winter, at the Gymnasiade in Brazil, where she won team gold, floor exercise bronze, and placed fourth on beam, fifth in the all-around and on vault, and eighth on bars.
In 2014, she competed at the Russian Championships in April, winning vault gold, team, all-around, and uneven bars silver, and placing fifth on beam and sixth on floor. She competed at the European Championships, she won gold with her team and placed fourth on vault, seventh in the all-around and on balance beam, and eighth on floor exercise. In early July, she competed at the Student Spartakiada, winning team, all-around, and vault gold, uneven bars bronze, and placed fourth on floor. She was then selected to represent Russia at the 2014 Youth Olympic Games in Nanjing, China; there, she won the all-around and uneven bars, silver on floor exercise, and placed fifth on vault.
Senior career
Tutkhalyan became a senior elite gymnast in 2015. At her senior debut at the Russian National Championships in early March, she won three bronze medals, for all-around, vault and balance beam.
In June, Tutkhalyan was named to the Russian team for the 2015 European Games in Baku, with Aliya Mustafina and Viktoria Komova. Tutkhalyan won the gold medal with the team, and posted the second-highest all-around score in qualification, 57.332. However, the highest score was by her teammate Mustafina and only one gymnast per country could advance to the final at these games. Tutkhalyan did qualify for the vault final in second place with a score of 14.466 for two vaults, and for the balance beam final in first place with a score of 14.600. Tutkhalyan was named to the Russian team for the 2015 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. She helped her team to a 4th-place finish and individually qualified to the all-around and balance beam finals. In the all-around final, she placed 15th, and in the balance beam final, she placed 6th.
In 1–10 April 2016; Tutkhalyan competed at the 2016 Russian Artistic Gymnastics Championships taking silver in all-around, team and won gold in vault finals. On 30 April – 1 May, she competed at the Osijek World Cup where she won silver in uneven bars and bronze in balance beam finals. She was named to the team at the European Championships and contributed to the Russian team's gold medal finish; however, she did not make any individual finals.
2016 Olympics
Tutkhalyan was named to the Russian Olympic team after Ksenia Afanasyeva's health problems relegated the latter gymnast to alternate and later forced her retirement from gymnastics. In qualifications, Tutkhalyan competed the all-around and qualified in 4th place to the all-around final with a score of 58.207. In the team final, she contributed a beam score of 14.766 and a floor score of 13.766 to the Russian team's silver medal finish.
In the all-around final, competing in the top group, Tutkhalyan began well with a vault score of 14.866 and a bars score of 15.033, and it appeared at that point that Seda would challenge her teammate Aliya Mustafina for a surprise bronze medal. However, these hopes began to dissipate on the beam, when she fell on her double-pike dismount after a mostly clean routine, receiving a score of 13.800, and multiple falls on floor, her last apparatus, left her with 10.966 on that event and a total all-around score of 54.665 for 22nd place. She had not made any event finals, although she was second reserve for the vault final.
Competitive history
International Scores
References
External links
Seda Tutkhalyan Profile
Nanjing 2014 YOG Profile
Gymnastics Results
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gyumri
Russian people of Armenian descent
Armenian emigrants to Russia
Russian female artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Junior artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in gymnastics
European Games gold medalists for Russia
European Games silver medalists for Russia
Gymnasts at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Russia
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Russia
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Russia
European champions in gymnastics
Lysander is a masculine given name. Of Greek origin, its meaning is "liberator". The name comprises the elements "lysis" (freedom) and "andros" (man).
Notable people with this name
Lysander, military general of ancient Sparta
Albert Lysander (1875–1956), Swedish Lutheran priest; one of the early pioneers of the Swedish High Church movement
Lysander Button (1810–1898), American inventor
Lysander Farrar (1812–1876), New York politician
Lysander Spooner (1808–1887), American political activist and legal theorist
Fictional characters
Lysander I and IV, monarchs in the fictional CoDominium universe
Lysander (Shakespeare), character in Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream
Lysander, a character in the video game Diablo II
Lysander, a Trojan warrior killed by Ajax the Great in Homer's Iliad
Lysander, a fictional game character in the game Amour sucr%C3%A9
Lysander au Lune, a character introduced in the second book of Pierce Brown's Red Rising series.
See also
Lysander (disambiguation)
References
Mat bez elektrichestva (, where Russian word 'mat' referred to Russian mat and Checkmate) is second studio album of the Russian band Leningrad and their first album to have Sergei Shnurov as lead vocalist.
Track listing
"Французская помада" - Frantsuzskaya pomada (French Lipstick) – 2:11
"Я – твой ковбой" - Ya – tvoy kovboy (I am Your Cowboy) – 2:16
"Звезда рок-н-ролла" - Zvezda rok-n-rolla (Rock'n'Roll Star) – 2:09
"Батарея" - Batareya (Radiator) – 2:26
"Дикий мужчина" - Dikiy muzhchina (Wild Dude) – 2:37
"Алкоголик" - Alkogolik (Alcoholic) – 2:08
"Маленький мальчик" - Malenkiy malchik (Little Boy) – 3:16
"Только с тобой" - (Only with You) – 3:11
"Шоу-бизнес" - Shou-biznes (Show Business) – 3:24
"Будем веселиться" - Budem veselitsya (We Will Party) – 1:12
"Do You Love Me" (Дай любви) – 2:46
"Страдаю" - Stradayu (I Suffer) – 2:16
"Давай джазу" - Davay dzhazu (Give Me Jazz) – 2:09
"Bonus" – 2:54
External links
Album available for download from the official Leningrad website
1999 albums
Leningrad (band) albums
The rufous-rumped antwren (Euchrepomis callinota) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Guyana, Panama, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montanes.
The rufous-rumped antwren was described by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1855 and given the binomial name Formicivora nigrocinereus. The current genus Euchrepomis was introduced in 2012.
References
rufous-rumped antwren
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Northern Andes
Birds of the Guianas
rufous-rumped antwren
rufous-rumped antwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The MV Cartela is an excursion vessel operating on the Derwent River in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia. She is now Australia's oldest continuously-licensed passenger vessel, although there are several older vessels still in service that have been restored after lengthy periods in dereliction.
The Cartela is a motor vessel of gross, net register, and is in overall length ( keel).
History
The Cartela (the Tasmanian Aboriginal name for a bull seal) was built in 1912 at Battery Point, Hobart, by Purdon & Featherstone for the Huon Channel and Peninsula Steamship Company Pty. Ltd. She was designed to operate as a cargo and passenger vessel in the coastal and riverine trades south and south-east of the city. The Cartela was primarily constructed to replace an earlier vessel, the Awittaka, that had recently been sold to the Solomon Islands Government, and she was specially designed to be the fastest vessel in the premier excursion trade. That was achieved by fitting the vessel with a powerful triple-expansion steam engine (), and a large-capacity boiler that allowed lengthy periods of operation at maximum speed without losing pressure - a problem faced by both her predecessor and her chief rival the SS Togo. Cartela and Togo regularly competed in an unofficial race held on Christmas Day until 1931, and both won five races each. In 1926, the two vessels collided off Battery Point and the Togo was forced aground. Because the vessels had passed out of state-controlled harbour waters into federally-controlled coastal waters during the course of the race, a Royal Commission was held into whether the Marine Board of Hobart was entitled to hold an inquiry.
At the outbreak of World War I, Cartela was leased by the Royal Australian Navy for use as an examination vessel. protecting the port of Hobart. Most of Cartela'''s service until after World War II involved operating passenger and cargo services between Hobart, the Tasman Peninsula, and ports on the D'Entrecasteaux Channel, with a proportion of excursion activities up and down the River Derwent. She occasionally performed other duties, including a voyage to Melbourne during a seamen's strike in 1919, and acting as a tug, before dedicated tug-boats were employed in Hobart after World War II. One significant tow was the rescue of the dismasted barque Inverness-shire, a vessel more than ten times her size, from Storm Bay to Hobart in 1915. A legal case arising from that event is still occasionally cited as a reference regarding the legal distinction between "towage" and "salvage".
Improved road services connecting outlying regions of south-eastern Tasmania brought an end to commercial river steamer services, so by the 1950s, the vessel was almost exclusively engaged in excursion work around Hobart for new owners Roche Brothers Pty. Ltd. In 1958, Cartela was extensively altered, being converted from a steamship to a motor vessel. In 1975, following the Tasman Bridge disaster, she was fitted with more powerful engines for use as a ferry.
Cartela is now owned by the SteamShip Cartela Trust on behalf of the Tasmanian people. In recognition of her being one of the very few timber vessels that has remained in continuous commercial service for a century, in 2016 it was announced that she would undergo a complete renovation and be returned to steam power. That would include the refurbishment of the original Plenty & Sons steam engine.
Engines
First Engine
Cartela's first engine was a reciprocating triple-expansion steam engine built by Plenty and Sons, Newbury, England. It had three cylinders, powering a four-bladed propeller in diameter. . The engine was used from 1912 to 1958. Coal bunker capacity was .
Second Engine
Cartela's second engine was a Vivian 8-cylinder diesel engine (@ 600RPM), powering a single propeller by . The engine was used until 1975.
Third Engine
Cartela's third engine was installed to give her the speed provided by her original steam engine. It was a 6-cylinder turbocharged Caterpillar diesel engine, producing (@ 1800RPM). Fuel tank capacity was 1800 litres.
References
Further reading
George Cox, Ships in Tasmanian Waters, 1971
John Duffy and Louis Rodway, The Cock of the River "Cartela"'', 1996
External links
Cartela Trust website owners of the M.V. Cartela
Ferries of Tasmania
1912 ships
Ships of Australia
Melanius Daniel Mullarkey (born 11 January 1992) is a Saint Lucian footballer who plays for Bala Town and the Saint Lucia national team. He plays as a defender.
Early life
Mullarkey was born on the island of Saint Lucia. His family is from Soufriere and central Castries. His family moved to the United Kingdom in 2002 when he was 10 years old. It was at this time that he gained an interest in football.
Club career
Mullarkey soon began playing in the local Sunday leagues. He was scouted by Birmingham City and stayed with the club's academy for five years before moving to Coventry City. Following his departure from Coventry City, Mullarkey traveled to Cyprus to play for AEL Limassol. He returned to the United Kingdom the following year and has played for numerous non-league clubs since then. In 2015 he had a short trial stint with Cork City of the League of Ireland Premier Division.
Mullarkey signed for Southern League Premier Division Central side Bromsgrove Sporting on 5 September 2020, following a successful trial period. Melanius then signed for fellow Southern League Premier Division Central side Redditch United on 23 October 2020 He was released by the club in May 2021.
In August 2021 he joined Cymru North side Bangor City. He left the club in December 2021 after they were suspended from Welsh domestic football. In January 2022 he joined Cymru Premier team Bala Town.
International career
Mullarkey made his senior international debut for Saint Lucia on 16 May 2015 in a 2015 Windward Islands Tournament match against Grenada. He then competed in the team's 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification matches against Antigua and Barbuda the following month.
He was then recalled to the squad for the 2017 Windward Islands Tournament and scored his first international goal in the team's opening match, a 2–1 victory over the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
About representing Saint Lucia, Mullarkey said, "I wanted to play for Saint Lucia because it's my hometown, I love my country from the bottom of my heart and playing and representing them is the best thing that will ever happen to me."
Career statistics
International
References
External links
Living people
1992 births
Saint Lucian footballers
Saint Lucia international footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriates in England
Saint Lucian expatriate sportspeople in England
Saint Lucian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Bedworth United F.C. players
Long Buckby A.F.C. players
Banbury United F.C. players
AEL Limassol players
Kettering Town F.C. players
Rugby Town F.C. players
Boston United F.C. players
Gresley F.C. players
Daventry Town F.C. players
Leicester Nirvana F.C. players
Hayes & Yeading United F.C. players
Hinckley A.F.C. players
Wolverhampton Sporting C.F.C. players
Bromsgrove Sporting F.C. players
Redditch United F.C. players
Bangor City F.C. players
Bala Town F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Wales
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Cymru North players
Mark J. Hulbert (born 1955) is an American finance analyst, journalist, and author with a focus on expectations of stock market investment newsletters, contrarian investing, and quantitive or technical analysis.
Early life and education
Hulbert was born in Kansas in 1955. His father was a professor of botany at Kansas State University. Hulbert graduated in philosophy from Haverford College in 1977 and from the University of Oxford in 1979.
Career
In September 1980, with financing from James Davidson and William Bonner, Hulbert launched Hulbert Financial Digest, a publication that tracked the performance of investment newsletters from the perspective of actual subscribers, including the timing and specificity of the buy/sell information published in such newsletters.. It grew to 14,000 subscribers by 1985.
In 1985, Hulbert won a libel suit filed by a publisher that ranked at the bottom of Hulbert's ratings.
By 1988, Hulbert was rating 125 newsletters based on specific, actionable buy/sell recommendations and risk-adjusted performance. He was based out of his townhouse on Capitol Hill. His digest received $600,000 in annual revenue and was spending $15,000-$20,000 on newsletter subscriptions.
Hulbert also calculated how much of the newsletters' performance is due to picking stocks with good prospects and how much due to market timing.
From 1998 through early 2010, Hulbert wrote a column on investment strategies published in the Sunday edition of The New York Times.
In 2000, an annual subscription to Hulbert's publication cost $135.
In April 2002, Hulbert sold the company that owned the digest and interactive website to MarketWatch. Hulbert became an editor and writer of a column on MarketWatch.
In March 2004, Hulbert launched Hulbert Interactive, a website for interactive research into investment newsletters and advisors.
In 2014, Hulbert announced that The Prudent Speculator, an investment newsletter edited by John Buckingham, had the best average annual return over the last 20 years of all newsletters, with an average annual return of 16.3%.
In February 2016, the final issue of the newsletter was published, with Hulbert noting "In today's world ... awash as it is in Big Data, [the newsletter] seems to be less needed. That, at least, is the judgment of the market."
Hulbert continues to write columns for MarketWatch.
Hulbert Stock Newsletter Sentiment Index
The Hulbert Stock Newsletter Sentiment Index (HSNSI) "reflects the average recommended stock market exposure among a subset of short-term market timers tracked". HSNSI is a contrarian investing indicator: if it is high, he views the outlook for stocks as poor. Conversely, when it is low, his outlook is good. The predictive power of the Index has been disputed by CXO Advisory Group.
Hulbert comments on the value of newsletters
Hulbert admits that his newsletter has no value to a hypothetical emotionless investor: "Simply put, the odds are overwhelming that — over the long term — you will make more money by buying and holding an index fund." But real investors are "...unable to hold an index fund through a bear market, and by selling near the bottom they fail to realize ... [the] theoretical longterm potential." In contrast, he claims real investors are "...likely to make more money ... by following strategies that are statistically inferior ... but which are psychologically superior..." because the investor will follow their chosen advisor newsletter rigorously, which is preferable to buying an index fund but panic selling in a down market.
Publications
Books
Interlock: The Untold Story of American Banks, Oil Interests, the Shah's Money, Debts and Astounding Connections Between Them
The Hulbert guide to financial newsletters.
Constructive Approaches to the Foreign Debt Dilemma, a collection of papers presented at a seminar of the Taxpayers' Foundation held on September 21, 1983, in Washington DC (edited along with Eric Meltzer).
Noteworthy articles
Opinion: Two lessons from Lehman Brothers' 2008 collapse can save your investments August 28, 2018, MarketWatch
Opinion: ‘Tech wreck' is not what will end this bull market September 7, 2018, MarketWatch
Opinion: Greedy stock investors are starting to show signs of irrational exuberance September 14, 2018, MarketWatch
Opinion: Stock investors can no longer ignore the next bear market October 1, 2018, MarketWatch
See also
Fed model
References
1955 births
Living people
American business and financial journalists
Male journalists
Online journalists
American financial writers
Technical analysts
Ungunicus is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Ungunicus, U. vietnamensis, found in Vietnam.
References
Microgastrinae
Dorothy Margaret Watts (1910–1990), known professionally as Dodo Watts, was a British stage and film actress. She played Fay Eaton in the 1929 Broadway version of Ian Hay's play The Middle Watch, and reprised her role in the 1930 British film version the following year. When her career wound down, she became a businesswoman, owning a successful millinery firm in London's West End. She was later a casting director, and head of casting for ABC Weekend TV (later Thames Television); and largely responsible for casting Diana Rigg in the role of Emma Peel in The Avengers TV series. She later became a theatrical agent.
Partial filmography
Confessions (1925)
Auld Lang Syne (1929)
The School for Scandal (1930)
Almost a Honeymoon (1930)
The Man from Chicago (1930)
The Middle Watch (1930)
Uneasy Virtue (1931)
Her Night Out (1932)
Impromptu (1932)
Dora (1933)
A Hundred to One (1933)
Little Fella (1933)
Sing Along with Me (1952)
References
External links
1910 births
1990 deaths
British film actresses
Actresses from London
20th-century British actresses
British casting directors
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
Rancho Refugio was a Mexican land grant in present-day Santa Cruz County, California given in 1839 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to María Candida, Jacinta, and María de Los Angeles Castro. The grant extended along the Pacific coast from the western city limit of Santa Cruz to Laguna Creek, a border shared with Rancho Arroyo de la Laguna (not far from Davenport).
History
As Mission Santa Cruz developed following its establishment in 1791, the coastal terrace lands to the north as far as Point Año Nuevo became the mission's main livestock grazing lands. Rancho Arroyo del Matadero (stream of the slaughtering ground ranch) was one of four mission cattle ranches strung along the coast. In 1839, the former ranch lands were granted to the three Castro sisters: María Candida, Jacinta, and María de Los Angeles Castro. The three were daughters of José Joaquín Castro (1768–1838), deceased grantee of Rancho San Andrés. Candida Castro married José Antonio Bolcoff in 1822.
José Antonio Bolcoff (1794–1866) was born Osip Volkov in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, Siberia. Working as a fur trader, Bolcoff deserted a Russian ship at Monterey in 1815. He quickly assimilated into the Spanish culture, and was given the Spanish name José Antonio Bolcoff. Bolcoff acted as an interpreter for Governor Pablo Vicente de Solá. In 1822, Bolcoff settled in Branciforte and was alcalde in 1833. In 1833, Bolcoff was granted Rancho San Agustin, which he sold to Joseph Ladd Majors (1806–1868) in 1839. Majors married Bolcoff's sister-in-law, María de Los Angeles Castro (1818–1903). Jacinta Castro lived with the Bolcoff family before joining the convent at Monterey. In 1839, Bolcoff replaced Francisco Soto as administrator of Mission Santa Cruz.
Bolcoff's name is not mentioned in the original grant, but he took control of Rancho Refugio in 1841. Bolcoff transferred the title to Rancho Refugio to his two sons, Francisco Bolcoff and Juan Bolcoff.
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican-American War, the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored. As required by the Land Act of 1851, a claim for Rancho Refugio was filed with the Public Land Commission in 1852, and the grant was patented to Francisco and Juan Bolcoff in 1860. A claim by Joseph Ladd Majors and his wife, María de Los Angeles Castro, for one-third of Rancho Refugio filed with the Land Commission in 1852 was rejected.
In 1846, Moses A. Meder (often spelled Meader in public records) came by ship to San Francisco. Meder moved to Santa Cruz County and made a living building lumber mills and giving small loans on properties. In 1854, Meder foreclosed on Bolcoff's mortgage on an eastern portion of Rancho Refugio. Meder moved his family onto the ranch in 1859, on today's Meder Street. The western section of Meder's ranch, at the edge of the Santa Cruz city limits, is now the Moore Creek Open Space.
Upon Bolcoff's death, his sons sold all their rights to a Charles E. Norton. By that time, perhaps twenty persons held claims for Rancho Refugio. In 1866, Meder took Norton to court to prove his claim on the eastern two-thirds of Rancho Refugio. The case of Meader v. Norton went all the way to the US Supreme Court. In 1870, the Supreme Court ruled that the grant was legally made to all three Castro sisters. The court found that "...the husband of one of the sisters, named Bolcoff, suppressed or destroyed this grant and fabricated a pretended grant to himself of the land, and also certain other papers intended to prove the genuineness of such fabricated grant." The court further found that Meder did legally own a two-thirds interest in Rancho Refugio.
With enough of the legal issues resolved, John T. Fairbanks began buying up claims against the eastern two-thirds of Rancho Refugio in 1870. In 1871, Fairbanks sold his interest in Rancho Refugio to dairyman partners Levi K. Baldwin and Deloss D. Wilder. In 1885, the Baldwin Wilder partnership was dissolved, and the Wilder family moved onto the rancho. The Wilder family lived on and worked their land until 1969, when it was sold for residential and commercial development. Local opposition to this plan led to its purchase by the state in 1974, and the establishment of Wilder Ranch State Park.
References
Refugio
Ranchos of Santa Cruz County, California
is a train station in Fuchū, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1963
Benning Potoa'e (born September 17, 1996) is an American football defensive tackle for the Washington Commanders of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Washington Huskies and signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent in 2020.
Professional career
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Potoa'e signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent following the 2020 NFL Draft on May 4, 2020. He was waived during final roster cuts on September 5, 2020, and signed to the team's practice squad the next day. He was placed on the practice squad/COVID-19 list by the team on November 30, 2020, and restored to the practice squad on December 5. He was elevated to the active roster on January 2 and 8, 2021, for the team's week 17 and wild card round games against the Atlanta Falcons and Washington Football Team, and reverted to the practice squad after each game. On February 9, 2021, Potoa'e re-signed with the Buccaneers.
On August 31, 2021, Potoa'e was waived by the Buccaneers and re-signed to the practice squad the next day. After the Buccaneers were eliminated in the Divisional Round of the 2021 playoffs, he signed a reserve/future contract on January 24, 2022.
Potoa'e was waived by the Buccaneers on August 30, 2022.
Washington Commanders
Potoa'e signed with the Washington Commanders' practice squad on September 13, 2022.
References
External links
Washington Commanders bio
Washington Huskies football bio
1996 births
Living people
People from Pierce County, Washington
Players of American football from Washington (state)
American football defensive ends
American football defensive tackles
Washington Huskies football players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Washington Commanders players
Angel Guerreros (born 7 January 1953) is a Paraguayan sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1953 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Paraguayan male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Paraguay
Place of birth missing (living people)
The July Days () were a period of unrest in Petrograd, Russia, between . It was characterised by spontaneous armed demonstrations by soldiers, sailors, and industrial workers engaged against the Russian Provisional Government. The demonstrations were angrier and more violent than those during the February Revolution months earlier.
The Provisional Government blamed the Bolsheviks for the violence brought about by the July Days and in a subsequent crackdown on the Bolshevik Party, the party was dispersed, many of the leadership arrested. Vladimir Lenin fled to Finland, while Leon Trotsky was among those arrested.
The outcome of the July Days represented a temporary decline in the growth of Bolshevik power and influence in the period before the October Revolution.
Background
Note: Dates given in this article reference the Julian Calendar, which was used in Russia until .
Growing support for the Bolshevik Party
In April 1917, Lenin gave his April Theses, declaring that the proletariat should overthrow the bourgeoisie, oust Provisional Government, and take the power . Though initially received with outrage, Lenin's idea of an armed, proletarian insurrection became increasingly popular. By July, rank-and-file Bolsheviks in particular spoke of overthrowing the Provisional Government, whom they considered bourgeois.
Shortly after Lenin's address, on April 18, 1917 it was revealed by a diplomatic note sent by Pavel Milyukov that the Provisional Government supported continuing with the war, even though they publicly claimed otherwise. As a result, there were mass demonstrations of discontent by the Russian people. In the aftermath of these demonstrations, the Provisional Government, at that time composed primarily of liberals, was reshuffled to include Socialist-Revolutionaries, creating a coalition government. Refusing to take part in the coalition, the Bolsheviks were the only socialist faction to emerge from these events, known as the April Crisis, without negative association with the continuation of the Russian involvement in the war. As a result, Bolsheviks amassed much support from soldiers, who were increasingly frustrated with the Provisional Government.
Following the events of April, the Bolshevik Party gained support primarily among soldiers and workers, as the Bolsheviks were vocally critical of the Provisional Government. Peasants were more likely to support the Socialist-Revolutionaries, who focused more on the question of land reform and distribution.
Also in the Kronstadt naval base which was mostly under the influence of the Bolsheviks and Anarchists, caused strong concerns for the Provisional Government. As early as May 1917, the Kronstadt Soviet became the main authority in the city. An important role in the transition of Kronstadt sailors to the side of the Bolsheviks was played, at the time, by deputy chairman of the Kronstadt Council Fyodor Raskolnikov.
A common conspiracy claim to explain the problems Russia faced was sabotage from "counterrevolutionaries", a label whose definition changed depending on the accuser. The Bolsheviks took the socialist anti-capitalist sentiments and extended the suspicion to the British and French allies as one way to explain why the "bourgeois" government was continuing Russian involvement in the unpopular war. Growing unhappiness with the Provisional Government's inaction regarding land reform, industrial reform, ceasing the war, and food shortages led to a growing demand for an all-socialist government. Demands using the popular slogan from April, "All Power to the Soviets", increased, supported by the Bolshevik Party and Lenin's April Theses.
Kerensky offensive
In late June 1917, in an effort to bolster support for the war effort through triumph in battle, then-War Minister Aleksandr Kerensky authorized a military offensive on the Eastern front.
The offensive began 18 June 1917 and continued to 6 July 1917, coinciding with the July Days. The Russian soldiers initially saw victory over the Austro-Hungarian forces, whom they managed to take by surprise, but German troops soon began a counteroffensive that devastated the Russian army. The offensive was met at home with extreme disfavor and discontent, creating an opposite effect of what the government intended. Rather than creating support for the Provisional Government, disorder on the front continued and dissatisfaction with the government and its disastrous policies grew.
Because of the coalition-situation created by the events of April, the only political faction that opposed the offensive was the Bolsheviks.
Government crisis
Leading up to the July Days, the Provisional Government faced a crisis that resulted in a later reshuffling of the government makeup.
The liberal Kadet party, in the face of the failures of the government, criticised its ineffective policies and failures to take action. On 2 July, four Kadet ministers walked out of the coalition government in protest, leaving the Provisional Government composed primarily of moderate left socialists. To further add to the government crisis, Prime Minister Georgy Lvov announced to the government that he planned to resign on 7 July as well.
Demonstrations
The morning of July 3, 1917, the First Machine Gun Regiment planned out demonstrations to carry out later that day. With the help of Bolshevik activists, they elected a committee to help delegate resources and to gather support. On the evening of July 3 demonstrations broke out in Petrograd. Led by the First Machine Gun Regiment, armed soldiers marched through the streets, with workers and other divisions of soldiers quickly joining as they marched to the Tauride Palace. These demonstrators marched under the slogan "All Power to the Soviets", wanting the group to not only seize but use their power. Throughout the day, soldiers fired their rifles into the air and commandeered vehicles.
The following day, July 4, the protests continued, with more soldiers and workers joining in, including a division from a nearby naval base. The protestors also grew more violent, breaking and shooting into apartments and attacking wealthy passersby. The crowds outside of the Tauride Palace demanded to see a government official, and the Soviet Leaders sent out Viktor Chernov. When he tried to calm the crowd, they instead seized him, with one protestor famously shouting, "Take power, you son of a bitch, when it is handed to you!" The crowd continued to hold Chernov hostage until Trotsky made his way through the crowd, urging the crowd to release the man, which they did.
The protesters, most of them Bolshevik supporters, attempted to gain support from the Bolshevik party. But when they gathered near the Bolshevik headquarters, Lenin initially refused to see them. In the end, he simply gave them a brief speech, yet refused to give them his support, with the Bolshevik party pulling their support soon after. Without any leadership to support them, the protesters soon dispersed.
At midnight on July 3, the Soviet leaders called a closed meeting, and the consensus was that they would not be forced to take power. They also proceeded to blame the Bolsheviks for the demonstrations, though it is unclear whether the Bolshevik party actually orchestrated the entire event, or if it was simply a spontaneous demonstration that happened to include Bolshevik supporters. In either case, the Bolshevik party refused to openly support the demonstrations.
The military authorities sent troops against the demonstrators, leading to many arrests and possibly several hundred deaths due to the violence in the streets. The Socialist Revolutionaries and Mensheviks supported punitive measures against the insurgents. They began to disarm workers, disband revolutionary military units, and carry out arrests. On July 5–6 the offices and printing plant of Pravda and the headquarters of the Bolshevik Central Committee were destroyed. On July 7 the Provisional Government issued an order for the arrest of Lenin, who was forced to go underground. On July 8 troops loyal to the regime arrived in Petrograd from the front.
Bolshevik involvement
Bolshevik leadership
The leaders of the Bolshevik during the July Days included Vladimir Lenin, in large part, along with Leon Trotsky, Grigory Zinoviev, and Lev Kamenev. The leadership responsibility in the events of July Days is still debated, and the Bolsheviks and Soviets both had periods of uncertainty in their involvement. The protesters, made up largely of soldiers, sailors, and factory workers, on the streets during July Days, were many in number but weak in leadership from the Bolsheviks and the Soviets. "All Power to the Soviets" and other slogans were put forth by the Bolsheviks, but July Days was not a gathering of power to Lenin. Despite his political skill and cry for "Land, Bread, Peace," Bolshevik support was not strong enough for him to be a powerful leader immediately following July Days, especially with the Provisional government trying to lessen the trust of his followers by charges of German spying. Though there was controversy of Bolshevik's intentions during July Days, the seemingly inadequate leadership did not assume power, whether they desired it or not.
Internal conflicting perspectives
Some Bolsheviks saw the July Days demonstrations as dangerous and feared that the actions would provoke retaliation from opposing political party members trying to counter the acts. That made the Central Committee try to prevent that by restraining support for the demonstrations. Opposing the declarations of the Central Committee, when they spoke and acted in support of the demonstrations, were the Bolshevik Military Organization and the Petersburg Committee. The Bolshevik newspaper Pravda did not seem to side with the Central Committee but instead published feelings of unrest. These feelings were matched by Lenin, the Bolshevik Military Organization, and the Petersburg Committee; the Central Committee seemed to eventually display mixed feelings about the demonstrations at the height of the movement. The decision to call off demonstrations in the streets of Petrograd was made when a 2 or 3 a.m. meeting took place involving Lenin and the Bolshevik Central Committee on July 5 with Pravda publishing the news the same day.
Bolsheviks and Provisional Government
From the perspective of Trotsky, Bolshevik and Provisional leadership tensions heightened when an incident with Bolshevik leaders, Lunacharsky and Trotsky, showed apparent support of a final group of demonstrators being sent to the front during a House of People farewell meeting. Trotsky portrayed a back and forth of each party, Bolshevik and Provisional, trying to bring the other party into a negative light. The Provisional government was active in trying to shut down the Bolshevik actions and lessen their power, not only making arrests of their leaders but also stopping their publicity avenue by disallowing the Pravda to run. The Provisional government took advantage of popular condemnation of the Bolshevik involvement in the violence of July Days to take action in weakening the Bolshevik Party.
Aftermath
The Provisional Government faced a crisis with several recent resignations, including that of Prime Minister Lvov. On 8 July, Aleksandr Kerensky, the former Minister of War of the Provisional Government, became prime minister.
In general, the violent nature of the July demonstrations and the ambiguous involvement of the Bolsheviks turned public opinion against them. As the new head of the Provisional Government, Kerensky desired to re-establish the central government as a strong authority, so in response to the July Days, he began enacting measures to discipline civil disorder. This included the order to arrest Bolshevik leaders for their (assumed) responsibility of the violent July Days.
Lenin successfully went into hiding, staying first in the apartment of Benyamin Kayurov, before fleeing to Finland. Many other Bolshevik leaders were arrested, including Trotsky, Kamenev, and Lunacharsky. During the summer of 1917, Trotsky became a major proponent of Bolshevik ideals after these uprisings, even writing for the Bolshevik Press. The Bolshevik leaders remained in prison until Kerensky released them in response to the Kornilov Affair.
For the sake of restoring civil order, the government also restricted civil order more broadly. Street processions in Petrograd were momentarily banned and the government authorized the closure of any publication that advocated military disorder. On 12 July, Kerenksy reinstated the death penalty for rebelling, deserting, and disorderly soldiers on the Eastern Front, a move that conservatives approved of, even though Kerensky himself had long been affiliated with the Socialist Revolutionaries.
A public funeral was held by the government on 15 July for Cossack soldiers who were killed by July Day participants.
On 18 July, Kerensky moved the new government ministers into the Winter Palace, and moved the Soviet from the Tauride Palace to the Smolny Institute.
Bolshevik power was dispersed for the time being. The suppression of the demonstrations and the restructuring of the government marked the end of dual power. The new Socialist-Revolutionary and Menshevik government under Kerensky's leadership shifted in response to the July Days toward a more conservative path.
See also
6th Congress of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party (Bolsheviks)
Polubotkivtsi uprising in Kiev, another armed revolt in the Russian Republic at this time.
References
Further reading
Steinberg, Mark (2001). Voices of Revolution, 1917. New Haven: Yale University Press. .
Wade, Rex A. (2017). The Russian Revolution, 1917. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. .
1917 riots
Massacres in Russia
Political repression in Russia
Riots and civil disorder in Russia
Russian Provisional Government
Bolshevik uprisings
1910s in Saint Petersburg
July 1917 events
1910s coups d'état and coup attempts
Attempted coups in Russia
Tomofun is an international pet technology startup founded in 2014 by Victor Chang and mentored by Steve Chang, chairman of the global software security company Trend Micro.
Tomofun's debut product, Furbo, an interactive pet camera, was launched through the crowdfunding website Indiegogo in 2016 and became one of the fastest growing crowdfunding campaigns in history, reaching its crowdfunding goal in less than 8 hours.
Products
Furbo Dog Camera
Furbo Dog Camera, launched in April 2016 through an Indiegogo crowdfunding campaign, is an interactive pet camera designed specifically for dogs that features 2-way audio, live video streaming, and an innovative "treat-tossing" feature that allows users to launch treats in the air in order to remotely play and interact with their pets. It has been featured in online consumer tech publications including The Verge, TechCrunch, and Gizmodo and has become one of the fastest growing crowdfunding campaigns on Indiegogo and is the best-selling dog camera on Amazon in ten countries.
Furbo Dog Camera includes a best-in-class camera quality with 1080p full HD, 4x zoom, 160° wide-angle and night vision. Designed with High quality microphone, built-in speaker, and customized snack call to mimic clicker training for dogs. The camera includes Industrial-strength 3M adhesives on the bottom to prevent it from being knocked over, Bamboo wooden cover to keep treats sealed and spill-proof.
Furbo Dog Nanny
Furbo Dog Nanny is a premium dog monitoring service that alerts dog owners to dog activities and potential dangers in real-time. Notifications such as Dog Activity Alert, Person Alert, and Dog Selfie Alert allows dog parents to know exactly what is happening at home. Each alert is coupled with automatic cloud-recording. If users are not able to check-in, in real-time, they can go back to see what triggered strange behavior with short, event-specific video clips.
In addition to preventing potentially dangerous situations, Furbo Dog Nanny captures moments of joy throughout the day. From play time, to mischief, to visits from the dog walker, Furbo Dog Nanny documents it all. At the end of day, Furbo Dog Nanny compiles a “Doggie Diary,” a fun highlight video that captures your pup's best moments from the day - for easy review.
References
External links
Furbo Indiegogo campaign
Software companies based in Seattle
Consumer electronics
Cameras
Software companies of the United States
2014 establishments in the United States
Software companies established in 2014
Companies established in 2014
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Marie Joseph Leon Nuville LH (March 1889—18 January 1965) was a French World War I flying ace credited with twelve confirmed aerial victories. He served as a professional soldier throughout the interwar years, and through World War II.
Early life
Charles Marie Joseph Leon Nuville was born on 4 March 1889 in Puybrun.
World War I
Early service
On 2 August 1914, as World War I began, Charles Nuville was called from the reserves to active military duty as a Sergeant with the 83e Regiment d'Infanterie. On 21 January 1915, he was promoted to Adjutant. On 26 March 1915, he was severely wounded in the foot in an action that brought him a Mention in Dispatches. After a lengthy recuperation, he was forwarded to 1e Groupe d'Aviation on 18 January 1916. He undertook pilot's training at Buc and Avord, and was awarded Military Pilot's Brevet No. 1721 on 9 June 1916. Further training followed, at Pau and Cazaux, before he was sent for assignment on 2 October 1916. He reached Escadrille N57, a Nieuport squadron, on 25 November 1916
Aerial success
Nuville would not score his first aerial victory until 24 September 1917; in exactly one year, he would score a dozen. In all but one instance, he shared the victories with one or more fellow French pilots, including such fellow aces as Jean Alfred Fraissinet, Marius Hasdenteufel, Andre Petit-Delchet, Jean Dubois de Gennes, and Marcel Haegelen.
Promotions and honors
On 6 November 1917, Nuville was commissioned a Temporary Sous lieutenant. This commission was confirmed on 1 July 1918. On 8 August 1918, he was appointed a Chevalier de Légion d'honneur in a citation that dubbed him, "Elite officer, model of bravery, taking part daily in difficult combats where his skill and audacity always win over his adversaries thereby gaining for him the admiration of those around him. During recent battles his efforts have been superb. He reported his 10th official victory by downing a plane behind our lines." On 6 November 1918, he was appointed to command of a Spad Squadron, Escadrille 54. A month later, he was promoted to Lieutenant. Now that the war was over, he had, in addition to his Légion d'honneur, his country's Croix de Guerre with five palmes and five étoiles de vermeil, the Belgian Croix de guerre, and the Italian Silver Medal of Military Valor.
Post World War I
Nuville remained in military service after World War I. In 1919, he was elevated to the status of Officier de Légion d'honneur. He was still in service when World War II began, and defended his nation as a Lieutenant Colonel commanding the 5e Escadre de chasse. He finally retired in 1945.
Endnotes
References
Over the Front: A Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914-1918 Norman L. R. Franks, Frank W. Bailey. Grub Street, 1992. , .
External links
Biography, list of aerial victories
1889 births
1965 deaths
French World War I flying aces
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 (France)
Recipients of the Croix de guerre (Belgium)
People from Lot (department)
Noella "Noelle" Uloko (born April 26, 1989) is a Nigerian contemporary Christian singer-songwriter and recording artist from Benue State.
References
Urban contemporary gospel musicians
Living people
Nigerian gospel singers
Nigerian Christians
1989 births
21st-century Nigerian women singers
Now & Forever – Best of Xandria is a compilation album by the German symphonic metal band Xandria, released on 6 June 2008 via Drakkar Entertainment label. The record was published as a package including a DVD containing live performances, music videos, and interviews.
Track listing
Personnel
All information from the album booklet.
Xandria
Lisa Middelhauve – vocals
Marco Heubaum – guitar, keyboards
Philip Restemeier – guitar
Roland Krueger – bass on tracks 3, 11, 13, 14, 17
Daniel Joeriskes – bass on tracks 2, 5, 8, 18, 19
Nils Middelhauve – bass on tracks 1, 4, 6, 7, 9, 10, 12, 15, 16, 20
Gerit Lamm – drums
Production
Vincent Sorg – remastering
Ronald Matthes – director, executive producer (DVD)
Kleif Baltes – editing assistant (DVD)
Marcus Dattilo – editing assistant (DVD)
Thomas Grummt – DVD authoring
Jacky Lehmann – audio mixing (DVD)
Jan-Paul Wass – video mixing, editing (DVD)
Marius Kopec – executive producer (DVD)
Kaja Kargus – editing (DVD)
Wiebke Gürth – editing (DVD)
References
External links
Album lyrics on metal-archives.com
Official discography on xandria.de
Xandria albums
2008 compilation albums
Adrian Ballinger (born February 25, 1976) is a British-American certified IFMGA/AMGA mountain guide, certified through the American Mountain Guides Association (AMGA Rock, Alpine, and Ski Certifications) and a sponsored climber and skier. Ballinger is the founder and CEO of Alpenglow Expeditions, and has been guiding full-time for 25 years. He has led over 150 international climbing expeditions on six continents, and made 18 successful summits of 8,000m peaks. He is known for pioneering the use of pre-acclimatization for commercial expeditions as early as 2012, which can cut the amount of time typically spent on an expedition in half. Adrian is the only American to have made three successful ski descents of 8,000m peaks, including the first ski descent of Manaslu from its summit. He is also the fourth American to have summited both Mount Everest and K2 without the use of supplemental oxygen.
About
Ballinger worked as a guide for Himalayan Experience until 2012, and was featured with Himex founder, Russell Brice, on the Discovery Channel's Everest: Beyond the Limit series. In 2004, Adrian founded Alpenglow Expeditions, a mountain guiding company based out of Squaw Valley, CA, U.S.A, where he has served as the CEO and lead guide.
Since 2008, he has achieved 18 successful 8,000m summits, reaching the summit of Everest 8 times, Manaslu 4 times, Cho Oyu 3 times, and both K2 and Lhotse once. He has also led three expeditions to Makalu, the world's fifth tallest peak. In 2011 he became the first person to summit three 8,000m peaks in just three weeks, reaching the summit of Everest twice and Lhotse once.
Ballinger has led successful expeditions to more than 40 Himalayan summits over 6000 meters, including twelve ascents of Ama Dablam, a highly technical 6,812m peak next to Everest. In 2010, he led an Alpenglow Expeditions Clean Up Expedition on Ama Dablam. This team, along with climbing the mountain, removed thousands of feet of old fixed rope from the route and hundreds of pounds of trash from the camps. They also provided outreach to Sherpa and members of other climbing teams to teach the use of human waste disposal kits while on the mountain, and donated human waste disposal bags to many of those teams.
Ballinger has also guided on Kilimanjaro (14 times by 4 different routes), Denali (by the West Rib), Alpamayo (14 times by 3 different routes), Huascarán Sur (3 times by 2 routes), Cotopaxi (more than 30 times), and many other expeditions including multiple ascents on Orizaba, Wayna Potosí, Kitarahu, Chopicalqui, Chimborazo, Cayambe, Mont Blanc, Elbrus, Island Peak, Lobuche Peak, Mera Peak and many North American peaks.
Adrian's personal ascents include technical alpine-style climbs on the South Ridge of Pumori, the West Face of Kayish, and the NE Ridge of Huascaran Norte.
Ballinger is also skied, ice, and rock guides for the guide company he founded, Alpenglow Expeditions, in Lake Tahoe, California.
Adrian has been featured in numerous climbing and skiing industry articles and press.
Alpenglow Expeditions
Adrian founded Alpenglow Expeditions in 2004, and since then has grown it to be one of the premier mountain guide companies in the United States. Based in Olympic Valley, CA. Alpenglow Expeditions leads over 30 international expeditions on 6 continents yearly. They also run a local climbing, backcountry skiing, and backcountry education program out of Olympic Valley, taking over 4,000 clients out per year.
Personal life
Adrian is married to professional climber and The North Face Athlete Emily Harrington. Together they have a Youtube channel called “DangerStikTV”. The popular youtube channel chronicles their life and adventures together in a vlog format. DangerStikTV is in its third season.
8,000m Expedition Career
In 2008, Adrian summited his first 8,000m peak, making the summit of Manaslu on Oct.3rd
In 2009, Adrian summited Mount Everest for the first time via the Southwest Face on May 21. In the fall he summited Manaslu for the second time on Oct. 1st.
In 2010, Ballanger summited Mount Everest twice in the three weeks, first on May 5 and then again on May 22. On his May 5 summit, Ballinger was the first non-Sherpa of the season to summit as he fixed ropes, replaced anchors, and removed old ropes from the mountain in partnership with 9 Sherpa.
In October 2010, Adrian made his third ascent of Manaslu on Oct 1st.
In 2011, Adrian again summited Everest twice in three weeks, making the summit on May 5 and May 20. A few days later on May 26, he summited Lhotse.
In the Fall of 2011, Ballinger completed the first ski descent of Manaslu, descending from its summit on Oct. 5th.
In 2013, he successfully reached the summit of Cho Oyu, making a ski descent from the summit on Sept. 25th
In 2016, Adrian Ballinger and Cory Richards were sponsored by Eddie Bauer to attempt a climb Mount Everest without the use of supplemental oxygen. They relayed information from the Everest climb using the smartphone software application and service called Snapchat in a series title “Everest No Filter”. Adrian's summit attempt was unsuccessful.
In the fall of 2016, Ballinger made a second ski descent of Cho Oyu with his partner Emily Harrington, completing the complete expedition in a record setting 14 days door-to-door from the USA.
In 2017, Adrian and Cory Richards returned to Everest for a second attempt at climbing the peak without oxygen. On May 27, Adrian reached the summit of Mount Everest without the use of supplemental oxygen.
In 2018, Ballinger made his third ascent of Cho Oyu on May 6, and his eighth summit of Everest on May 20.
In 2019, Adrian served as the lead guide and expedition outfitter for a Discovery Channel sponsored expedition attempting to uncover the mystery of whether George Mallory and Andrew Irvine made the first summit of Mount Everest in 1924. The expedition was filmed and released as a Discovery.com documentary released in October 2020 called Everest's Greatest Mystery.
Also in 2019, an expedition sponsored by Eddie Bauer, Adrian Ballinger and fellow Alpenglow Expeditions guide Carla Perez made an attempt to climb K2 without the use of supplemental oxygen. On July 24, they reached the summit of the second tallest peak on the planet without the use of bottled oxygen. They were supported by Esteban “Topo” Mena, Palden Namgye Sherpa, and Pemba Geija Sherpa. The climb was made into a film produced by Eddie Bauer titled Breathtaking: K2 - The World's Most Dangerous Mountain.
In 2022, Adrian returned to Makalu and made the first ski descent. Skiing from the Summit to crampon point before descending back to ABC the same day. Adrian started his ski descent from 15m below the summit due to crowding on the summit. He rappelled a 60m section in the French Couloir without his skis, and descended the rest of the mountain rappelling and using the fixed lines as hand lines sparingly.
8,000m Summits
Everest, (8,848m, 29,032'):
May 21, 2009
May 5, 2010
May 22, 2010
May 5, 2011
May 20, 2011
May 18, 2013
May 27, 2017 (without supplemental oxygen)
May 20, 2018
K2, (8,611m, 28,251'):
July 24, 2019 (without supplemental oxygen)
Lhotse, (8,516m, 27,940'):
May 26, 2011
Makalu, (8,481m, 27,824'):
May 8, 2022
Cho Oyu, (8,188m, 26,906'):
Sept 25, 2013 (Ski Descent)
Oct 1st, 2016 (Ski Descent)
May 6, 2018
Manaslu, (8,163m, 26,759'):
Oct 3rd, 2008
Sept 28, 2009
Oct 1st, 2010
Oct 5th, 2011 (Ski Descent)
See also
List of Mount Everest summiters by number of times to the summit
List of Mount Everest guides
References
Living people
American mountain climbers
American summiters of Mount Everest
1976 births
Ophiorrhabda philocompsa is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand and Java.
References
Moths described in 1921
Olethreutini
Karnali Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising five districts, namely, Dolpa, Humla, Jumla, Kalikot and Mugu. Here is district wise List of Monuments which is in the Karnali Zone.
Karnali Zone
List of monuments in Dolpa District
List of monuments in Humla District
List of monuments in Jumla District
List of monuments in Kalikot District
List of monuments in Mugu District
References
Karnali Zone
Karnali Zone
Unilink may refer to:
Unilink, a branded bus service
The unilink coupler used in Finland
Tickell Head () is a headland forming the east side of Bridger Bay on the north coast of Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands. First seen in December 1821 in the course of the joint cruise by Captain Nathaniel Palmer, American sealer, and Captain George Powell, British sealer. Surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1956-58 and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1959 for William L.N. Tickell, FIDS meteorologist at Signy Island in 1955 and leader at that station in 1956.
References
Headlands of the South Orkney Islands
Banana Skin Shoes is the ninth studio album by Badly Drawn Boy, released on 22 May 2020. The track "Is This a Dream?" was released in January 2020. Gough called the song "a sound collage of chaos and confusion to reflect the ridiculous times we live in... A deliberately cartoonesque sonic poke in the eye, to those in whom we place trust, yet instead supply constant barrage of misinformation followed by bad decisions."
Critical reception
Banana Skin Shoes was met with "universal acclaim" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 81, based on 7 reviews.
Track listing
Track listing adapted from Tidal.
Charts
References
2020 albums
Badly Drawn Boy albums
Epimicodema mastersii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Epimicodema.
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Hawai Onsen (はわい温泉) is an onsen in the town of Yurihama, Tōhaku District, in Japan's Tottori Prefecture. In recent years, it is the fourth most popular onsen in the prefecture, following Kaike Onsen, Misasa Onsen, and Yoshioka Onsen. It forms part of Misasa-Tōgōko Prefectural Natural Park, and some of the onsen district's lakeside area sits within Lake Tōgō Hawai Seaside Park.
Hawai Onsen was featured in a television commercial for Softbank, in which Japanese celebrity Reina Triendl plays the role of an exchange student from Hawai Town.
Hot spring type
Hawai Onsen is classified as a chloride and sulfate type hot spring. This is the same classification as Tōgō Onsen, which is across Tōgō Lake on a separate shore.
In 1984, Hawai Onsen produced 1,500 liters of hot spring water every minute, with a source temperature of roughly 50 degrees Celsius. High-temperature water comes out through a gap in the granite bedrock at Hawai Onsen, which can be reached by digging through a layer of alluvium roughly 30 to 60 meters thick, as well as a 40-meter thick layer of diluvium. More than 30 hot spring sources have been dug so far, but many of those have already dried up. Currently, the hot spring waters for Hawai Onsen come from several shared sources.
Originally, Hawai Onsen's hot spring water flowed out from the bottom of Tōgō Lake. However, because the onsen district is built over the lake on reclaimed land, the current onsen waters are sourced from excavated parts of the lake bottom.
Description
The onsen district is built upon a filled in part of the lake, forming a cape; when viewed from other areas, it appears that the Japanese ryokan inns are floating over the lake's surface. Hawai Onsen is distinct due to the construction of a bath built over Tōgō Lake's surface, the ability to drop a fishing line out a ryokan room window directly into the lake, and other features. The bath built over the lake is connected to the shore by a wooden bridge; at night, votive lights are lit on this bridge, elevating the onsen bath atmosphere. It is said that fog often hangs over the surface of the lake, due to the hot spring water coming out of the lake bottom.
The development of seven onsen facilities, associated with the Seven Lucky Gods, were originally planned for the onsen district. Development began with Fukurokuju no yu, an ashiyu footbath. Following this, four more ashiyu were constructed at Hawai Onsen, with two more at Tōgō Onsen; these collectively form the “Baths of the Seven Lucky Gods”.
According to a report that tracked the amount of bath tax collected by Tottori Prefecture, there were around 190,000 visitors to Hawai Onsen's baths in 1998. In 2017, this number had fallen to less than 120,000. For both years, the number of visitors was fourth largest in the prefecture, following Kaike Onsen, Misasa Onsen, and Yoshioka Onsen. However, local government reports estimated that the popularity of Hawai Onsen reached its peak in the late 1990s, with over 570,000 visitors in 1996. According to these figures, Hawai Onsen had around 10,000 visitors per year in 1954, the lowest for any onsen district in the prefecture. In contrast, Tōgō Onsen had three times as many visitors. However, Hawai Onsen rapidly gained popularity in the 1980s, eventually surpassing its neighbor; at the start of the 1990s, Hawai Onsen was one of the most popular onsen districts in Tottori.
History
Origins of the name "Hawai"
Hawai Onsen is written in Japanese as はわい温泉 (Hawai onsen); this was changed from the characters 羽合温泉 (Hawai onsen) to the current name in 1998 by Hawai Town. The origins of the name Hawai can be traced back to at least the Kamakura period. One historical document written in 1258 details a peace settlement that divided the land in central Tottori, and it refers to the area of modern-day Hawai Town as “Hawaida” (伯井田). These characters were later changed to 羽合田 ("Hawaida"). For example, Kikkawa Motoharu referred to the area this way in a letter written around 1580, during the Sengoku period.
Early discovery and development of the onsen
The discovery of hot spring waters at Hawai Onsen was first recorded in 1843. Fishermen discovered that hot spring water flowed out from the bottom of Tōgō Lake, so local villagers requested permission from the Tottori Domain to use it. At the time, using hot spring water reduced the need to gather firewood for water heating. Thus, the domain anticipated that this onsen water would cause an increase in farming efficiency, so it granted permission to the villagers. This was the beginning of Hawai Onsen.
The onsen's development was pioneered by Kōsuke Yumura, a man from Iwami Province who is said to be a descendant of a samurai family. In 1866, Yumura inserted bamboo tubes into the bottom of Tōgō Lake, extracting the hot spring water and funneling it into barrels in a boat. This water was used to make a bath on the surface of the lake, which was known as “Aozora yuba”, and it existed until the start of the Meiji Period. It fell out of use in 1880 due a variety of issues, such as rough waves rocking the boats and drifting them away. Around 1886, Yumura filled in parts of the lakeshore area and excavated some of this reclaimed land. He successfully located a hot spring source, and subsequently opened his own ryokan with an onsen attached. This ryokan was built in the former village of Asozu, so the area was referred to as “Asozu Onsen” and “Osōzu Onsen”.
Modern development of the onsen
The San'in Main Line was completed in Tottori Prefecture during the late Meiji Period. As a result, greater numbers of people from the Kansai region of Japan began to visit the prefecture as onsen tourists. This led to an increase in visitors to onsen districts that were close to the train line. Tōgō Onsen became one of the most popular onsen districts in the prefecture due to its convenient location by Matsuzaki Station.
In contrast, Asozu Onsen was comparatively inconvenient to reach, being on a separate shore of Tōgō Lake away from Matsuzaki Station and Tōgō Onsen. However, soon a boat route transporting visitors to Asozu Onsen was created, leading to increased development of the onsen district there during the Taishō period. In 1927, Asozu Onsen was renamed Shin-Tōgō Onsen (“New Tōgō Onsen”).
Motorization after the end of the Pacific War led to a rapid increase in visitors to Shin-Tōgō Onsen. This was due to its proximity to National Route 9, which brought groups of travelers to the area via bus. From 1954 to 1980, the number of visitors to Shin-Tōgō Onsen increased 24-fold, and larger multi-story inns and hotels were built. More hot spring sources were also developed, which meant that private homes in the area also had access to this hot water supply. During this time, the tourism sector began to rapidly grow in nearby Hawai Town, which originally relied solely on agriculture. In 1978, Shin-Tōgō Onsen was renamed to Hawai Onsen (羽合温泉) to commemorate the 25th anniversary of Hawai Town's founding.
In 1998, the written characters for Hawai Onsen were officially changed to はわい温泉. In October 2004, Hawai Town merged with the neighboring Tōgō Town and Tomari Village. The new town's name, Yurihama (湯梨浜), includes a reference to Hawai Onsen and Tōgō Onsen, as the town's first character, 湯, means “hot water”.
References
Hot springs of Tottori Prefecture
Tourist attractions in Tottori Prefecture
Tottori Prefecture
Firefly is a common name for a bioluminescent beetle in the family Lampyridae.
Firefly or fireflies may also refer to:
Organizations and companies
Firefly (airline), a subsidiary of Malaysia Airlines
Firefly (car rental), an international car hire company owned by Hertz
Firefly Aerospace, a private aerospace firm based in Austin, Texas; formerly "Firefly Space Systems"
Firefly Arts Collective, a New England regional burning event
Firefly Distillery, a distillery based in South Carolina that manufactures a line of vodka products
Firefly Tonics, an English producer of fruit juice drinks with added herbal extracts
Firefly Learning, an educational technology company from London
Firefly Studios, a computer game developer from London
Entertainment
Fictional elements
Firefly (DC Comics), a Batman villain
Firefly (Archie Comics), a character in the Archie comic book universe
Firefly (G.I. Joe), a villain in the G.I. Joe universe, member of Cobra
Rufus T. Firefly, a character played by Groucho Marx in the 1933 film Duck Soup
The Firefly family, a group of characters created by Rob Zombie
The Fireflies, a rebel militia in the game The Last of Us
Film and television
Firefly (TV series), a 2002 science fiction TV program created by Joss Whedon
Firefly (franchise), a science fiction franchise stemming from the TV program created by Joss Whedon
Firefly (2000 film), a Japanese film directed by Naomi Kawase
Firefly (2005 film), an independent film directed by Pete Marcy
The Firefly (1937 film), the 1937 film adaptation of the Rudolf Friml operetta starring Allan Jones
"The Firefly" (Fringe), a 2011 episode of the television series Fringe
The Firefly (2015 film), a Colombian film directed by Ana Maria Hermida
Fireflies (film), a 2014 film
Fireflies (TV series), a 2004 Australian TV series
Literature
Firefly, a science-fiction novel by Piers Anthony
Firefly (novel), a 2021 novel by Philippa Dowding
Fireflies, a memoir by David Morrell
Fireflies (novel), a 1970 novel by Shiva Naipaul
The Firefly, a novel by P. T. Deutermann
Music
Firefly Music Festival, an annual American music festival held in Dover, Delaware
The Firefly (operetta), a 1912 operetta by Rudolf Friml
Bands
Fire Flies, an American rock band based in New York City
The Fireflies, an American doo wop group
Firefly (band), the Filipino Indie rock bands
Albums
Firefly (Emily Remler album), 1981
Firefly (Jeremy Steig album), 1977
Firefly (TNT album), 1997
Firefly (Uriah Heep album), 1977
Firefly (Sara Storer album), 2005
Firefly, a 2001 album by Garnet Rogers
Fireflies (Faith Hill album), 2005
Fireflies (Frodus album), 1995
Fireflies, 1998, by Rubygrass, fronted by Oskar Saville
Songs
"Firefly" (Christina Metaxa song), the Cypriot entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, sung by Christina Metaxa
"Firefly" (Cy Coleman song), recorded by Tony Bennett in 1958
"Firefly", a song recorded by Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga on their 2014 album Cheek to Cheek
"Firefly" (InMe song), 2002
"Fireflies" (Leona Lewis song), 2012
"Fireflies" (Owl City song), 2009
"Fireflies" (Zendaya song), 2013
"Fire Fly", a song by Mike Oldfield on his 2002 Tr3s Lunas album
"Fire Fly", a song by Childish Gambino on his 2011 Camp album
"Firefly", a song by American Music Club on their 1988 California album
"Firefly", a song by Blackfield on their 2013 album, Blackfield IV
"Firefly", a song by A*Teens on their 2001 Teen Spirit album
"Firefly", a song by Saves the Day on their 2001 Stay What You Are album
"Firefly", a song by BeForU on their 2003 self-titled album
"Firefly", a song by Breaking Benjamin on their 2004 We Are Not Alone album
"Fireflies", a song by Fleetwood Mac on their 1980 album Live
"Fire Flies", a song by Gorillaz on their 2018 album The Now Now
"Fireflies", a song by Patti Smith from her 1996 album Gone Again
"Fireflies", a song by JJ Grey & MOFRO on their 2004 album Lochloosa
"Fireflies", a song by Finch on their 2005 Say Hello to Sunshine album
"Fireflies", a song by Rhett Miller on his 2006 The Believer album
"Fireflies", a song by Chris Garneau from his 2009 El Radio album
"Fireflies", a song by Richard Rawson featuring Tom Parker
"Euphoria (Firefly)", a song by Delerium
"Fireflies", a song by Sam and the Womp
Other uses in entertainment
The Firefly (operetta), by Rudolf Friml
Firefly Role-Playing Game, a role-playing game by Margaret Weis Productions
Vehicles and transportation technology
Air
Airplanes
Fairey Firefly, a 1940s British, naval, reconnaissance and fighter aircraft
Fairey Firefly I, a 1920s British biplane fighter project (cancelled)
Fairey Firefly IIM, a 1930s British biplane fighter
Kolb Firefly, an American ultralight aircraft
MBB Lampyridae 'Firefly', a German stealth fighter project during the 1980s
Slingsby T67 Firefly, a British light training aircraft
Drones
Globe KD2G Firefly, an American target drone
Ryan AQM-91 Firefly, an American long-range reconnaissance drone
Helicopters
Sikorsky Firefly, an all-electric helicopter built for research purposes
Land
Automobile
Pontiac Firefly, a subcompact automobile based on the Suzuki Cultus
Fiat Global Small Engine, marketed as "Firefly"
Rail
Firefly (train), a U.S. passenger train operated by the St. Louis - San Francisco Railway
GWR Firefly Class, a class of steam locomotive on the Great Western Railway
Firefly, a steam locomotive operated by the Orange and Alexandria Railroad
Military
Sherman Firefly, a British variant of the M4 Sherman military tank
Nautical
Firefly (1843), a ship used by the colony of Victoria for a rescue party for the Burke and Wills expedition in northern Australia, 1861
Firefly (dinghy), a type of sailing dinghy
Firefly (Taiping Rebellion steamer), an armed Chinese steamer used in the 1860s
, several ships of the Royal Navy
HMT Firefly, a British trawler that operated between 1930 and 1961
USS Firefly (1814), a brig formerly named Volant
Space
FireFly (spacecraft), an asteroid-searching spacecraft proposed by Deep Space Industries
Firefly Alpha, a small orbital-class rocket in development
Technology
Hardware
Firefly PC Remote, a remote control by SnapStream Media used to control Windows-based computers
Firefly (mobile phone), a simplified cellphone designed for young children
Computers
Firefly (supercomputer), a supercomputer
DEC Firefly, a multiprocessor workstation
Software
Firefly (cache coherence protocol), a method of caching used in the DEC Firefly
Firefly (computer program), an ab initio computational chemistry software
Firefly (key exchange protocol), a security protocol used in telephony
Fireflies (computer graphics), a rendering artifact
Firefly algorithm, an algorithm for mathematical optimization
Firefly Media Server, an audio media server for the Roku SoundBridge and iTunes
Other uses
Firefly Estate, Jamaica
Firefly (website), an online community developed in the late 1990s
See also
Firefly Festival (disambiguation)
Fire (disambiguation)
Fly (disambiguation)
Forehoe and Henstead Rural Districts were adjacent rural districts in Norfolk, England from 1894 to 1935.
They were formed under the Local Government Act 1894 based on rural sanitary districts of the same names, and lay generally south of Norwich.
In 1935 the Wymondham parish of Forehoe RD was created a new Wymondham Urban District. The remainder, together with the whole of Henstead RD apart from an island in the River Yare, were merged to form Forehoe and Henstead Rural District. Subsequently, changes to the border with Norwich County Borough were made in 1968.
In 1974, the merged district was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972, and became part of the South Norfolk district.
Statistics
Parishes
These parishes operated within Forehoe and Henstead RD unless otherwise indicated.
References
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Districts of England abolished by the Local Government Act 1972
Historical districts of Norfolk
Rural districts of England
Love Letters of Great Men, Vol. 1 is an anthology of romantic letters written by leading male historical figures. The book plays a key role in the plot of the American film Sex and the City.
The book includes love letters written by Roman poet Ovid, explorer Sir Walter Raleigh, writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, novelist Nathaniel Hawthorne, poet Robert Browning, short story writer Edgar Allan Poe, novelist Mark Twain, mathematician Lewis Carroll, physicist Pierre Curie, playwright George Bernard Shaw, adventurer Jack London, Admiral Robert Peary, President Woodrow Wilson, poet Lord Byron, poet John Keats, philosopher Voltaire, King Henry VIII of England, President George Washington, Emperor Napoleon I of France, painter Vincent van Gogh, composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, and composer Ludwig van Beethoven, among others. It also includes biographical information about the writers and recipients, the circumstances and relationships that led to the letters, and explanations of what occurred in the years following the correspondence.
The book of love letters written by great men throughout history was originally created as a prop for the Sex and the City film but was published in response to fan demand. The one that appears exactly as in the movie was authored by John C. Kirkland and published on May 12, 2008, the same date the film premiered. The book was ranked among the top 250 Bestsellers in Books on Amazon.com, and was the #1 ranked Literature & Fiction book in both the Letters & Correspondence and Poetry categories in September 2008, the month the DVD of the film was released. On November 25, 2008, St. Martin's Press published a book entitled Love Letters of Great Men edited by Ursula Doyle, which it says was also inspired by the Sex and the City movie.
References
External links
Official Website
2008 anthologies
Anthologies
Love letters
USA-10, also known as Navstar 11, GPS I-11 and GPS SVN-11, was an American navigation satellite launched in 1985 as part of the Global Positioning System development programme. It was the last of eleven Block I GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
Spacecraft
The first eleven spacecraft (GPS Block 1) were used to demonstrate the feasibility of the GPS system. They were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied over 400 watts. They had S-band communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. They were manufactured by Rockwell Space Systems, were 5.3 meters across with solar panels deployed, and had a design life expectancy of 5 years. Unlike the later operational satellites, GPS Block 1 spacecraft were inclined at 63°.
Launch
USA-10 was launched at 02:53 UTC on 9 October 1985, atop an Atlas E launch vehicle with an SGS-2 upper stage. The Atlas used had the serial number 55E, and was originally built as an Atlas E. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 3W at Vandenberg Air Force Base, and placed USA-10 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-27 apogee motor.
Mission
By 8 November 1985, USA-10 had been raised to an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.90 minutes, and 63.40° of inclination to the equator. The satellite had a design life of 5 years and a mass of . It broadcast the PRN 03 signal in the GPS demonstration constellation, and was retired from service on 14 April 1994.
References
1985 in spaceflight
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1985
The Concert des Amateurs was a company which organized musical concerts in France. Established in 1769 it was dissolved in 1781.
History
The Concert des Amateurs was created in 1769 and housed at the Hôtel de Soubise in Paris. It was financed only by private funds. Unlike all other societies of the time, it competed with the Concert Spirituel, inaugurated in 1725. From 1769 to 1773, the Concert des Amateurs was directed by the founder of the society François-Joseph Gossec; Joseph Bologne de Saint-George replaced him.
Every week, from December to March, the Concert des Amateurs performed contemporary and/or unpublished works, sometimes in premiere.
In the absence of financial means, the Concert des Amateurs disappeared in 1781.
Notes and references
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Le Concert des Amateurs
Le Concert des Amateurs à l'Hôtel de Soubise (1769-1781) at Maison des sciences de l'homme
Concert des Amateurs on Oxford Reference
Concerts
Companies established in 1769
1769 in music
18th century in music
Defunct companies of France
Icelandic Christmas folklore depicts mountain-dwelling characters and monsters who come to town during Christmas. The stories are directed at children and are used to scare them into good behavior. The folklore includes both mischievous pranksters who leave gifts during the night and monsters who eat disobedient children.
The figures are depicted as living together as a family in a cave and include:
Grýla is a giantess with an appetite for the flesh of mischievous children, whom she cooks in a large pot. Her husband Leppalúði is lazy and mostly stays at home in their cave.
The Yule Cat is a huge and vicious cat who lurks about the snowy countryside during Christmas time (Yule) and eats people who have not received any new clothes to wear before Christmas Eve.
The Yule Lads are the sons of Grýla and Leppalúði. They are a group of 13 mischievous pranksters who steal from or harass the population and all have descriptive names that convey their favourite way of harassing. They come to town one by one during the last 13 nights before Yule. They leave small gifts in shoes that children have placed on window sills, but if the child has been disobedient they instead leave a rotten potato in the shoe.
These Christmas-related folk tales first appeared around the 17th century and displayed some variation based on region and age. In modern times these characters have taken on slightly more benevolent roles.
History
Origins
The first mention of the Yule Lads can be found in the 17th-century Poem of Gryla. Gryla had appeared in older tales as a troll but had not been linked to Christmas before. Gryla is described as a hideous being who is the mother of the gigantic Yule Lads, a menace to children.
Early on, the number and depiction of the Yule Lads varied greatly depending on location, with each individual lad ranging from a mere prankster to a homicidal monster who eats children. They were used to frightening children into good behaviour, similar to the bogeyman. The King of Denmark objected to their use as a disciplinary tool.
In the late 18th century, a poem mentions 13 of them. In the mid-19th century, author Jón Árnason drew inspiration from the Brothers Grimm and began collecting folktales. His 1862 collection is the first mention of the names of the Yule Lads.
In 1932, the poem "Yule Lads" was published as a part of the popular poetry book Christmas is Coming (Jólin koma) by Icelandic poet Jóhannes úr Kötlum. The poem was popular and established what is now considered the canonical 13 Yule Lads, their names, and their personalities.
Grýla & Leppalúði
Grýla is originally mentioned as being a giantess, in the 13th century compilation of Norse mythology, Prose Edda, but no specific connection to Christmas is mentioned until the 17th century. She is enormous and her appearance is repulsive.
The oldest poems about Grýla describe her as a parasitic beggar. She walks around asking parents to give her their disobedient children. Her plans can be thwarted by giving her food or chasing her away. Originally, she lived in a small cottage, but in later poems, she appears to have been forced out of town and into a remote cave.
Current-day Grýla can detect children who are misbehaving year-round. She comes from the mountains during Christmas time to search nearby towns for her meal. She leaves her cave, hunts children, and carries them home in her giant sack. She devours children as her favourite snack. Her favorite dish is a stew of naughty kids, for which she has an insatiable appetite. According to legend, there is never a shortage of food for Grýla.
According to folklore, Grýla has been married three times. Her third husband Leppalúði is said to be living with her in their cave in the Dimmuborgir lava fields, with the big black Yule Cat and their sons. Leppalúði is lazy and mostly stays at home in their cave. Grýla supposedly has dozens of children with her previous husbands, but they are rarely mentioned nowadays.
Yule Cat
The Yule Cat, known as Jólakötturinn, a huge and vicious cat who is described as lurking about the snowy countryside during Christmas time and eating people who have not received any new clothes to wear before Christmas Eve. He is the house pet of Grýla and her sons.
Though referred to as an ancient tradition, written accounts of the Yule Cat have only been located as recently as the 19th century. The threat of being eaten by the Yule Cat was used by farmers as an incentive for their workers to finish processing the autumn wool before Christmas. The ones who took part in the work would be rewarded with new clothes, but those who did not would get nothing and thus be preyed upon by the monstrous cat. The cat has alternatively been described as merely eating away the food of ones without new clothes during Christmas feasts. The perception of the Yule Cat as a man-eating beast was partly popularized by poems of Jóhannes úr Kötlum as with the rest of the folklore.
Yule Lads
The Yule Lads (sometimes named Yuletide-lads or Yulemen) are the sons of Grýla and Leppalúði. They are a group of 13 mischievous pranksters who steal from or otherwise harass the population. All have descriptive names that generally convey their favourite way of causing mischief. They arrive one by one over the final 13 nights leading up to Christmas (Yule). They leave small gifts in shoes that children place on window sills, but if the child has been disobedient, they leave a rotten potato in the shoe instead.
In modern times the Yule Lads have also been depicted in a more benevolent role comparable to Santa Claus and other related figures. They are generally portrayed wearing late-medieval Icelandic clothing, but are sometimes shown in the costume traditionally worn by Santa Claus, especially at children's events.
List of Yule Lads
The Yule Lads arrive over the course of the last 13 nights before Christmas, beginning on 12 December. One then departs each day, beginning on Christmas Day, in the order that they arrived; thus each of them stays for 13 days. Below are the canonical 13 Yule Lads in the order they arrive (and depart):
Names in English are based on Hallberg Hallmundsson's translation of the poem.
Obscure Yule Lads
Before these 13 Yule Lads became the most popular, their description varied between locations. Some were said to be sons of Grýla; others were her brothers. Some stories only describe nine Yule Lads, but every one of them had their own characteristic prank.
Most of the different Yule Lads can be classified into groups: those who steal food, those who like to play tricks or harass, and those who seem to be a delusion from nature (for example, Gully Gawk, who just hides in gullies).
In the east of Iceland, there existed a folk tale of a specific group of Yule Lads. They did not come from the mountains but the ocean. One very obscure nursery rhyme mentions two female Yule pranksters who steal melted fat by either stuffing it up their noses or putting it in socks.
Popular culture
Grýla and the Yule Lads appear as central figures in the 2018 holiday episode of Chilling Adventures of Sabrina: the lads terrorize the household, and Grýla attempts to claim a baby from Sabrina's aunt.
Extra Credits talks about Grýla, the Yule Lads, and the Yule Cat in an episode of Extra Mythology.
The Yule Cat called Jola appears in the 2020 Netflix movie The Christmas Chronicles 2. Jola is being chased by Santa Claus and is friendly with the movie's antagonists, Belsnickle and Speck. Belsnickle unleashed Jola in the reindeer stable, where he injured Dasher. When Jack is getting a root needed to cure the Christmas elves, Jola attacks him. Jack fends him off with an explosive gingerbread cookie. During the film's climax, Dasher recovers to tackle Jola, who is then sent flying out of Santa Village by Santa Claus.
The Yule Lads are the titular characters of the tenth episode of the second season of the Netflix animated urban fantasy series Hilda. They are depicted as Grýla's unwilling servants, who seek out naughty children for her to use in her stew for fear of being cooked themselves should they fail.
Spoonlicker appears in the Grant Morrison comic Klaus and the Witch of Winter.
The Yule Lads have been featured on several episodes of the YouTube channel Drawfee. The artists are given the name and brief description of the lad and are tasked with drawing it. Jacob Andrews (one of the channel's hosts) has often been associated with Skyr Gobbler, because of their shared love of yogurt.
The Yule Lads have also been featured on the podcast "Cox N' Crendor" episode 12, by the YouTube- and comedian duo Jesse Cox and Crendor, where they jokingly talk about the Yule Lads and their different, mischievous "traits".
Notes
References
Further reading
Pictures by Halldor Petursson ca. 1950.
A translation of the poem by Jóhannes úr Kötlum.
A comprehensive site on Christmas in Iceland with much information about Yule Lads and Grýla.
Icelandic folklore
Christmas in Iceland
The Lüneburg Prelates' War () was not a war in the true sense, but a relatively bloodless, albeit vitriolic, dispute between the council of the North German town of Lüneburg and the clergy, the owners of the salt industry.
Causes and background
The causes of the war go back as far as the year 1371. The town had successfully held its ground against Duke Magnus despite heavy losses. In all its debts amounted to 100,000 marks at the time, which the citizens did not want to discharge by themselves.
The officiating Wittenberg nobility decreed that, to reduce the debt, every resource available to the town (including the saltworks) had to be used. That affected the master salters (Sülfmeister) who leased the saltworks. They did not want to pay so much, however, and demanded as council members that the prelates of the surrounding villages, who owned the business, should be more heavily taxed.
The prelates refused to comply, arguing that the Lüneburg townsfolk were abusing their power and making excessive demands of the saltworks. The prelates succeeding in having the town excommunicated; this was rescinded again in 1374.
The prelates then agreed to increase their financial contribution on the condition that their property was protected. This concession was repeatedly confirmed (until the last occasion in 1388), because Lüneburg's debts continued to grow as a consequence of the Lüneburg War of Succession.
Intensification of the conflict
Over the next 40 years the situation in Lüneburg eased despite increased political instability outside the town gates. That changed however on the death of Boldewin von Wenden in 1441, who had acted continuously as a mediator between the council and the prelates. The prelates now paid 25% of their income to the town; nevertheless its debts rose to 550,000 marks in 1450. That was due, on the one hand, to the construction of a second town wall, and, on the other, to unplanned levies required by the nobility.
In 1445 the dispute intensified sharply when the council demanded no less than half the salt profits from the prelates. In point of fact, the monasteries were prepared to pay this after a while, but the provost of Lüne, Diderik Schaper, gave the prelates to believe that, at the last moment, the council would make further excessive demands. Lüneburg lost its credibility as a result of the dispute.
In 1451 the pope sent a representative who decided that the prelates should pay. But shortly thereafter this instruction was revoked again. When Schaper was removed from office by the council and not reinstated as demanded by the clergy when the ultimatum expired, the council was excommunicated. That initially had no effect because clergymen who refused to hold services for town council members were summoned to the town hall where they were advised to leave.
In October 1454 the excommunication order was finally reinforced and extended. The citizens were given 30 days to drop their demands or the ban would be extended again. A visit to the pope by the council met with no success. The mood of the citizens changed at the news and despite a town hall meeting the citizens put a council together of 60 people and demanded the keys to the town gates and wall towers. The old council agreed in order to stave off a revolt.
The new council and the 60s
After further discussions the personal freedom of the old council was finally guaranteed, if they stood down from office voluntarily. This happened straight away. The prelates made 2 demands of the new council elected from the 60: firstly, that 285,000 marks should be paid back to them from the private estates of the old council and, secondly, that all tax income should be used to pay off the debts. This generated anger and suffering especially because many did not accept that the town taxes had arisen in recent years, but were the result of costs going back much further and which had been inherited by the old town council. Regardless, the old council members were ousted from the council on 12 December 1454 and placed under house arrest. Johan Springintgut requested at time to consider and was on the personal order of Schaper (now the town legal advisor) was banished to the dungeons where he died shortly thereafter on 15 July 1455.
Intervention of the emperor and resolution of the conflict
In 1456 Diderich Springintgut, brother of Johan, and his friend Nikolas Stoketo appeared in person to the emperor and requested compensation for the death and the intervention of the emperor in the escalating conflict. This request had unexpected success. The emperor ordered the immediate reinstatement of the old council and disbandment of the new one. In Lüneburg, Schaper however tore the emperor's edict from the church door, an act which, however, did not prevent the citizens from knowing of the instruction. Schaper's deed disgusted many Lüneburg folk so greatly, that on 10 November that year there was a spontaneous, albeit bloodless, revolt on the marketplace. The new council conceded that the old council could be released from arrest and reinstated in their former office. Just under 2 weeks later it was officially recognised by Duke Bernard.
In 1458 two former guards of Springintgut were placed on trial, Schaper lost his office and recognition and had to leave the town. After further confusion and repeated declarations, extensions and rescinding of excommunication orders and charges of imperial outlawry the conflict with the prelates subsided, when in 1464 in Reinfeld a compromise in the shape of a treaty was agreed. Shortly afterwards the excommunication and outlawry orders were finally lifted.
Consequences
The Reinfeld Treaty enabled the town of Lüneburg, to settle the bulk of its debts, the peace agreement with the emperor and the pope paved the way for new opportunities for trade and the Hanseatic League had proved that it could protect towns from the predations of the princes.
See also
Lüneburg
Lüneburg Saltworks
Sources
Georg Friedrich Francke: "Der Lüneburgsche sogen. Prälatenkrieg." In Fünfter und sechster Jahresbericht des Museumsvereins für das Fürstentum Lüneburg 1882-1883. Lüneburg, 1884, pp. 1–48.
Bernd-Ulrich Hergemöller. "Pfaffenkriege" im spätmittelalterlichen Hanseraum. Quellen und Studien zu Braunschweig, Osnabrück, Lüneburg und Rostock. 2 volumes, series Städteforschung C. Cologne, Vienna, 1988.
Elmar Peter: Lüneburg - Geschichte einer 1000jährigen Stadt 956-1956. Lüneburg, 1999, .
Wilhelm Reinecke: Geschichte der Stadt Lüneburg. 2 volumes, Lüneburg, 21977 (1933).
Robert Gramsch: "Städtische Gesellschaft und Kirche im sogenannten 'Lüneburger Prälatenkrieg' (1446–62)". In: S. Schmitt / S. Klapp (eds.): Städtische Gesellschaft und Kirche im Spätmittelalter. Stuttgart, 2008, pp. 93–122, .
Prelates War
Leadiant Biosciences, formerly known as Sigma-Tau Industrie Farmaceutiche Riunite, was founded in 1957 by research chemist Claudio Cavazza.
In 2018 Leadiant Biosciences has come under fire for creating a monopoly for CDCA and unnecessarily increasing the price by a factor of 335.
Construction began in 1964 of an industrial facility in Pomezia equipped with state-of-the-art automatic production machinery to provide steady employment for 64 people. The choice of Pomezia for its headquarters created one of the first industrialization and urban development initiatives in an area of Central-southern Italy that had previously been mainly devoted to agriculture. With the creation and launch of the Rekord B12 vitamin complex in September 1966 – an antiasthenic medicine that soon spread within the field of restorative infantile therapies – Sigma-Tau definitively asserted itself as a pharmaceutical manufacturer in Italy and abroad.
From the 1970s to today
From the 1970s onwards, Sigma-Tau focused on experimenting with new medicines for rare diseases – a commitment that in 1984 would cause it to become the fourth largest pharmaceutical company in the world and assignee in the United States of an Orphan Drug Designation, subsequently receiving another seven.
With the discovery in the 1970s of Carnitine deficiency syndromes., an illness with a fatal outcome, Sigma-Tau focused the investigative efforts of its laboratories on research into a molecule capable of opposing the disease. This was to bring about the creation of L-carnitine, one of the few Italian pharmaceutical products widely received outside Italy, and which was recognized by the United States in 1984 for its value as a life saving medicine. The chemical and biologic pharmacology study of carnitine, a substance of natural origin, enabled greater understanding of its efficacy in correcting the biochemical and metabolic defects at the base of numerous other pathologies.
Fondazione Sigma-Tau was created in 1986 as a charitable organization with the aim of developing research, promoting scientific and cultural progress and the safeguarding of the results of scientific investigation.
Structure of Sigma-Tau group
The Sigma-Tau Group achieved a corporate turnover of 697 million euro in 2013, employs a workforce of 1,919 and possesses a portfolio of more than 100 products marketed in Italy and abroad, with regards to the following therapeutic areas: Cardiometabolic disorders, Orthopedic and Rheumatologic diseases, Broncho-Pneumology, Infectology, Oncology, Neurology, Gastroenterology, Dermatology, Urology and Gynecology, Malaria and Rare Diseases. The Group is a leader in the nutraceutics industry and produces supplements of high scientific interest. Its product range also includes high-end dermocosmetics lines, as well as oral and personal care products. Since 1998 it has filed 297 patents confirming itself, among the national Italian owned, as a major player in the registration of new molecules or important technological innovations. The Sigma-Tau Group has headquarters in Pomezia (Rome, Italy), and subsidiaries in France, Switzerland, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, UK, India, and with production plant in Italy as well as in Spain and US (Indianapolis). The ability to expand its presence on the international stage, mainly through the activation
of collaborative research with numerous scientific institutions in America, Europe and Asia, is the key to Sigma-Tau's future. Since the pioneering studies conducted by its founder Claudio Cavazza, Sigma-Tau has always proved to be a groundbreaker in the discovery of drugs for rare and orphan diseases: for instance, Carnitine for the treatment of primary or secondary “specific deficiencies” was the second product ever to obtain the designation as “orphan drug” by the US FDA. Leveraging this background, the company has confirmed its commitment to developing drugs with orphan indications over the years and has acquired Enzon's “speciality pharma” portfolio. With eight products for the treatment of rare and neglected diseases, today Sigma-Tau is a pharmaceutic player acting in the forefront in the treatment of Rare Diseases. The goal of its recently created Global Rare Disease Business Unit is to contribute to the progresses in
the knowledge, diagnosis and treatment of Rare Diseases.
Sigma-Tau in collaboration with the non-profit organization Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) has developed a new medicine for the treatment of malaria a fixed combination consisting of dihydroartemisinin and piperaquine, judged to be one of the most effective antimalaria medicines available and the best combination containing artemisinin. The registration dossier was presented on July 3, 2009 in Europe (EMEA)and approved in 2011. The new drug has obtained the registration in Cambodia, Ghana and Tanzania and is started in Burkina Faso, Mozambique and other key African endemic countries.
Sigma-Tau is the main element of a group in which other companies operate, in accordance with the prospects of the corporate development plan.
Avantgarde - Pomezia
Founded in 1982 and active both in the pharmaceutical market and that of consumer products sold in pharmacies. Avantgarde has developed its business within the dermatological, gynaecological and paediatric sectors; for consumer products the focus is geared to dermocosmetic sector and to oral hygiene with OTC products.
Biosint - Sermoneta
Incorporated in 1979 as part of the Sigma-Tau Group, Biosint is currently a world-leading producer of L-Carnitine derived by chemical synthesis. The company manufactures and distributes active pharmaceutical ingredients, lactic ferments and nutraceutical products obtained by chemical synthesis and fermentation. Its operations are carried out in full compliance with current good manufacturing practices (cGMP), at establishments approved by FDA and main domestic and international Regulatory Authorities.
Biofutura - Milan
Biofutura was founded in 2001 with the objective of developing pharmaceutical products in the cure of diseases of the central nervous system and respiratory system. Activity also spread to the development and marketing of products derived from the carnitine biological system.
Research Centre - Pomezia
Responsible for the research and development of substances active on important areas of treatment including oncology and immunology and on diseases that are rare, neglected and with high social impact.
Sigma-Tau Research Inc. - Gaithersburg, USA
Responsible for the clinical development of Sigma-Tau products in the United States.
Sigma-Tau Research Switzerland - Mendrisio, CH
A recently established research centre that co-ordinates research and development activity relating to selected products and provides clinical development and chemical analytical expertise.
Social responsibilities
While the company claims to operate in absolute respect of ethical principles and existing legislation it received a tremendous amount of negative attention due their action to increase the price of an orphan drug to such extent it became impossible to pay for the drug.
Environmental responsibilities
In 1967 Sigma-Tau became equipped with a water conditioning plant. Since 2005, the commitment to reduce impact on the environment in the elimination of solvents in aid of water in many preparations has produced continuing reduction in CO2 emissions that have fallen from 5,932 tons to 5,587 in 2007. Since 2007, Sigma-Tau has begun waste sorting and choosing eco-compatible materials. In the same year, in which Sigma-Tau's environmental costs amounted to around 600,000 euros, a reduction of 8% in the quantity of industrial wastewater was confirmed.
Humanitarian commitment
The Pharmaceutical Accountability Foundation accused the company of abusing its dominant market position when it increased the price of chenodeoxycholic acid from €0.28 per capsule to €140 per capsule in 2018. They said “This may be legal but it's not socially acceptable.” They said they would make a referral to the Netherlands Authority for Consumers and Markets.
Over the years, Sigma-Tau has developed numerous partnerships, formed with associations and bodies engaged – at national and international level – in projects and activities with a social emphasis, with particular focus on the areas of health and social welfare. The company also provides its medicines free-of-charge to around 40 national and international organizations operating in conflict and post-conflict contexts to support those people stricken by natural disasters and famine.
At international level, Sigma-Tau:
supports the activities of Unicef and Vanaprastha, a non-profit organization responsible for educational and medical assistance in India, with programs mainly geared towards childcare;
collaborates with Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV)), an association supported by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in the development of one of the most efficient antimalaria medicines available, a fixed combination consisting of dihydroartemisinin and piperaquine judged to be the best combination containing artemisinin, partly due to the low incidence of side effects;
supports Panecioccolata, a non-profit organization operating in Senegal, in contributing towards the construction of a facility for 40 children whose families face particularly destitute conditions;
collaborates with the Italian branch of non-profit organization World Centre of Compassion for Children International, chaired by Nobel prize-winner for peace, Betty Williams who promotes the culture of peace and the safeguarding of the rights of children throughout the world, through awareness and information activities;
promoted the Together for Africa project, within the scope of which it supported Amref Health Africa (formerly AMREF) in implementing a healthcare program in northern Uganda, the area most affected by the civil war of the 1990s, with the aim of vaccinating over 3,000 children against the most widespread diseases (tuberculosis, diphtheria, whooping cough, tetanus, polio, hepatitis B, Haemophilus Influenzae B, and measles) and at the same time training local healthcare workers.
At national level:
supports various patients' associations, including l'AGOP (Associazione Genitori Oncologia Pediatrica – Parents' Association of Paediatric Oncology), based at the Agostino Gemelli University Polyclinic in Rome, which fosters scientific research in the field of paediatric oncology and provides global assistance to sick children and their families;
together with AISLA ( – Italian Association of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis) participates in the support of the goals of the association, above all in increasing public awareness of the problems connected to ALS;
has for many years supported Destinazione Domani, the popular science journal by AIL, – the Italian Association Against Leukaemia, Lymphoma and Myeloma non-profit organization;
supports the institutional activities of the Camminare con il Diabete non-profit diabetes association and PerLa - Associazione per l'Andrologia association for andrology;
participates in a program of solidarity to support with Associazione Dynamo Camp, each year hosting around 1,000 children affected by serious and chronic diseases from hospitals throughout Italy and abroad for free, at the Cesto del Lupo oasis – a park located in the WWF nature reserve in the Tuscan-Emilian Apennine Mountains. The association works in partnership with the Association of Hole in the Wall Camps which has created 11 structures from the United States to Europe, supporting similar programs in Africa and the rest of the world;
collaborates in providing information through Vita, the non-profit weekly magazine which aims to encourage the culture of solidarity and social responsibility, providing its readers with up-to-date, independent analysis of the voluntary sector.
Controversy
Leadiant Biosciences has been confronted with ethical disputes amid the +1000% increase (from 0,14€ to 140€) in the price of one of their orphan medicine thanks to a loophole in the EU laws that facilitated this due to an existing monopoly for this medicine. The discussion reached the EU parliament in 2018 when questioning about it. The US media referred to it back in the days and in late 2021 the topic has, again, been highlighted in the Spanish media.
References
External links
Pharmaceutical companies of Italy
Italian brands
Pharmaceutical companies established in 1957
Italian companies established in 1957
Multinational companies headquartered in Italy
Companies based in Lazio
All Alone is a children's book by Claire Huchet Bishop, published by Viking Press with illustrations by Feodor Rojankovsky in 1953. It was a runner-up for the annual Newbery Medal from the American Library Association, which recognizes the year's most distinguished contribution to American literature for children.
Plot
Marcel Mabout is a "ten-year-old man", sent by his father with their three cows to summer pasture in the French mountains. While he is being trusted with the "family fortune" for the first time, Marcel is even more entrusted with the family creed, which also permeates his village, "Mind your own business". It is a village of friendless strangers, not neighbours. In the mountains, Marcel faces the cold, fear, and loneliness he was not prepared for. But when he hears the yodels of Pierre Pascal, a slightly older cowherd boy in the mountains, and their yodeling consoles each other. Then Pierre's cows wander over to Marcel's mountain, and he is faced with a crisis of conscience that pits his antisocial upbringing with his inner sense of righteousness. Deciding to take the risk of returning Pierre's cows, Marcel sets off a chain of events that leads to a revolution in the village.
References
American children's novels
Newbery Honor-winning works
1953 American novels
Novels set in France
Children's novels about animals
Viking Press books
1953 children's books
Novels by Claire Huchet Bishop
Norbert Kovács may refer to:
Norbert Kovács (footballer)
Norbert Kovács (swimmer)
The Spatsizi Plateau is a plateau in the upper basin of the Stikine River in north-central British Columbia, Canada. Most of the plateau, which is a sub-plateau of the Stikine Plateau, is enshrined in either Spatsizi Plateau Wilderness Provincial Park or Spatsizi Headwaters Provincial Park. It is flanked on the south and southwest by the Skeena Mountains, on the southeast by the Omineca Mountains, on the northeast by the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains, and on the west by the Klastline Plateau (another subplateau of the Stikine Plateau).
Name
The name is an adaptation of a phrase in the Sekani language meaning "red goat", a reference to the habit of mountain goats in the area rolling on a particular red-coloured mountain, turning their coats red (tspah=goat, tsije=red).
Geology and terrain
The plateau is a large lava plateau, dissected by river valleys, and contains various small mountain ranges. Both the Stikine and Spatsizi Rivers have their sources in the plateau.
Climate
The climate of the plateau, which is of high altitude, is sub-arctic in nature. Isolated from the moisture of the Pacific Ocean by successive walls of mountains and other plateaus, the Spatsizi is semi-arid in many areas.
Fauna
The Spatsizi Plateau is the range of the largest remaining herd of woodland caribou in British Columbia. Other fauna in the area include mountain goats, moose, grizzlies and wolves.
References
Plateaus of British Columbia
Stikine Country
Lava plateaus
Volcanism of British Columbia
1961 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 55th water polo championship in Hungary. There were twelve teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1961 in water polo
1961 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The Norse Federation () is a Norwegian non-profit organization that was founded in 1907, and is under the patronage of the monarch of Norway, currently King Harald V. The organization states that its purpose is to "unit[e] friends of Norway throughout the world". , the organization has approximately 3500 members. It publishes a periodical which is named The Norseman. The federation merged with the Norway-America Association (NORAM) in 2020.
Structure
General secretaries
Thoralv Klaveness (1908–1910)
Carl Joachim Hambro (1910–1914)
Wilhelm Morgenstierne (1914–1917)
Simon Christian Hammer (1917–1920)
Sigurd Folkestad (1920–1925)
Arne Kildal (1925–1941 (WWII) and 1945 to 1955) *
Edvard Hambro (USA) (1941–1945)
Johan Hambro (1955–1983)
Johan Fredrik Heyerdahl (1983–2000)
Gunnar Gran (2000–2001)
Kjetil A. Flatin (2001–2004)
George A. Broch (2004–2008)
Lasse Espelid (2008–2012)
Hanne Aaberg (2012–present)
Presidents
Carl Christian Berner (1906–1915)
Fredrik Georg Gade (1915–1924)
Carl Joachim Hambro (1924–1941 (WWII) and 1945 to 1946) *
Didrik Arup Seip (1946–1954)
Jacob S. Worm-Müller (1954–1960)
Aksel Kvam (1960–1963)
Thorolf Kandahl (1963–1974)
Paul Thyness (1974–1980)
Wilhelm Mohr (1980–1988)
Inge Lønning (1988–1998)
Kjetil A. Flatin (1998–2001)
Lucy Smith (2001–2005)
Hallgrim Berg (2005–2012)
Tom Vraalsen (2005–2008)
Erik Giercksky (2012–2014)
Inger Prebensen (2014–present)
References
External links
1907 establishments in Norway
Norwegian-American culture
Asketanthera is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1878. It is native to the West Indies.
Species
Asketanthera calycosa (A.Rich.) Woodson - Cuba
Asketanthera dolichopetala (Urb.) Woodson - Dominican Republic
Asketanthera longiflora Woodson - Dominican Republic + Haiti
Asketanthera obtusifolia Alain - Sierra del Bahoruco in Dominican Republic
Asketanthera picardae (Urb.) Woodson - Haiti
Formerly included
Asketanthera steyermarkii Markgr., syn of Macropharynx steyermarkii (Markgr.) J.F.Morales
References
Apocynaceae genera
Echiteae
Brezna is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 209 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Equinox Publishing Ltd is an independent academic publisher founded in 2003 by Janet Joyce and based in Sheffield. It publishes textbooks, anthologies, monographs, and reference books in the areas of archaeology, linguistics, cultural history, religious studies, theology, biblical studies, cookery, and popular music. In 2009, Equinox had a list of over 200 published titles and planned to publish another 40 new books. The list of academic journals has grown to over 40 titles in 2015.
References
External links
Publishing companies of the United Kingdom
Publishing companies established in 2003
Privately held companies of the United Kingdom
William Slocum Groesbeck (July 24, 1815 – July 7, 1897) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1857 to 1859.
Early life
Groesbeck was born in Kinderhook, New York on July 24, 1815. He was the son of John H. Groesbeck (1790–1862) and Mary (née Slocum) Groesbeck (1794–1854). The Groesbeck family was originally from Amsterdam. William's sister, Margaret Groesbeck, was married to his wife's brother, Robert Wallace Burnet.
Groesbeck moved with his parents to Cincinnati, Ohio in 1816. He attended the common schools and Augusta College in Kentucky. He was graduated from Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, in 1835 and was responsible for founding the Miami University chapter of Alpha Delta Phi, the first fraternity chapter west of the Allegheny Mountains.
Career
He studied law and was a law clerk in the office of Salmon P. Chase (later the Governor of Ohio and Secretary of the Treasury during the Lincoln administration). He was admitted to the bar in 1836 and commenced practice in Cincinnati, Ohio.
In 1851, he served as member of the State constitutional convention and, in 1852, he served as commissioner to codify the laws of Ohio. Groesbeck was elected to succeed John Scott Harrison as a Democrat to the Thirty-fifth Congress, serving one term from March 4, 1857 to March 3, 1859. He was an unsuccessful candidate against John A. Gurley for reelection in 1858 to the Thirty-sixth Congress.
He served as member of the Peace Convention of 1861 held in Washington, D.C., in an effort to devise means to prevent the impending war. From 1862 to 1864, he served in the Ohio State Senate and in 1866, he served as delegate to the Union National Convention at Philadelphia.
He was one of U.S. President Andrew Johnson's counsel in his impeachment trial in 1868.
In 1872, he was nominated for president of the United States by Liberal Republicans who were displeased with Horace Greeley, but his ticket was forgotten during the excitement of the campaign, at the end of which he received one electoral vote for vice-president.
He served as delegate to the International Monetary Conference in Paris, France, in 1878.
Personal life
Groesbeck married Elizabeth Burnet (1818–1889), daughter of Judge Jacob Burnet. Together, they were the parents of:
Mary Groesbeck (1838–1852), who died in childhood.
Rebecca Burnet Groesbeck (1840–1914), who married Robert Hale Ives Goddard.
Elizabeth Burnet Groesbeck, who married Kenelm Henry Digby.
Jacob Burnet Groesbeck (1842–1858), who died in childhood.
William John Groesbeck (1844–1845), who died in infancy.
Caroline Thew Groesbeck (1849–1863), who died in childhood.
Herman John Groesbeck (1849–1925), who married Elizabeth Perry (1850–1924), daughter of Judge Aaron F. Perry.
Julia Groesbeck (1854–1919), who married Robert Ludlow Fowler (1849–1936) in 1876.
Telford Groesbeck (1854–1936), who married Louise Bulkeley Cox (1854–1940).
His wife died on April 6, 1889, leaving five living children. Groesbeck died in Cincinnati, Ohio on July 7, 1897 and was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
References
External links
1815 births
1897 deaths
People from Kinderhook, New York
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Miami University alumni
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1850)
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
Politicians from Cincinnati
Members of the defense counsel for the impeachment trial of Andrew Johnson
American people of Dutch descent
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Ohio Liberal Republicans
Pike County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 17,869. The county seat is Zebulon.
History
Pike County was made from part of Monroe County in 1822. It was named after Zebulon Montgomery Pike, an explorer and army officer.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.5%) is water. The entirety of Pike County is located in the Upper Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state.
Major highways
U.S. Route 19
U.S. Route 41
State Route 3
State Route 7
State Route 18
State Route 74
State Route 109
State Route 362
Adjacent counties
Spalding County (north)
Lamar County (east)
Upson County (south)
Meriwether County (west)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 13,688 people, 4,755 households, and 3,784 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,068 housing units at an average density of 23 per square mile (9/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 83.64% White, 14.79% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.37% Asian, 0.42% from other races, and 0.57% from two or more races. 1.22% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,755 households, out of which 37.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.40% were married couples living together, 10.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 20.40% were non-families. 17.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.18.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.60% under the age of 18, 8.00% from 18 to 24, 30.20% from 25 to 44, 23.30% from 45 to 64, and 10.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,370, and the median income for a family was $49,798. Males had a median income of $33,114 versus $23,800 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,661. About 6.90% of families and 9.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.60% of those under age 18 and 11.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 17,869 people, 6,187 households, and 4,906 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,820 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.3% white, 10.3% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 21.4% were American, 17.6% were English, 17.1% were Irish, and 13.2% were German.
Of the 6,187 households, 41.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.3% were married couples living together, 11.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 20.7% were non-families, and 17.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.20. The median age was 38.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $53,213 and the median income for a family was $57,458. Males had a median income of $43,958 versus $28,148 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,051. About 9.4% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.7% of those under age 18 and 7.1% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 18,889 people, 6,143 households, and 4,525 families residing in the county.
Education
Georgia Military College has an extension campus near Zebulon City Hall.
The Pike County School District serves Pike County. The school district has one Pre-K building (lottery funded), one primary school (K-2), one elementary school (3-5), one middle school (6-8), a ninth grade academy and one high school (10-12). Michael Duncan, Ed. D is the Superintendent of Schools.
Communities
Cities
Meansville
Molena
Zebulon (county seat)
Town
Concord
Williamson
Census-designated place
Hilltop
Unincorporated communities
Jolly
Lifsey
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pike County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Pike
1822 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1822
The Rally for Democracy and Social Progress (, RDPS) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo, founded by Jean-Pierre Thystère Tchicaya.
History
Thystère Tchicaya founded the RDPS on 29 October 1990, after splitting from another opposition group, the National Union for Democracy and Progress (UNDP). The RDPS won nine seats in the June–July 1992 parliamentary election.
Initially part of the National Alliance for Democracy (AND), a coalition of left-wing parties that supported Pascal Lissouba, the RDPS soon broke with the AND and joined the Union for Democratic Renewal (URD) opposition coalition, led by Bernard Kolélas. Together with the Union for the Republic (UR) and the Movement for Democracy and Salvation (MDS), the RDPS formed an alliance, the Movement for Unity and Reconstruction (MUR), in November 1996. A few days after rebels loyal to Denis Sassou Nguesso captured Brazzaville, the capital, at the end of the civil war in October 1997, Tchicaya announced the support of the RDPS for Sassou Nguesso.
In the parliamentary election held on 24 June and 5 August 2007, the party won two out of 137 seats.
RDPS President Thystère Tchicaya died on 20 June 2008. Bernard Batchi succeeded him as Interim President of the RDPS. Later, the party was led by Thystère Tchicaya's son, Jean-Marc Thystère Tchicaya. On 10 August 2015 he was nominated Minister of Hydrocarbures, allowing RDPS to formally join the government. In January 2016, the party pledged its support for Denis Sassou Nguesso in the March 2016 presidential election.
The party contested the 2017 parliamentary election as part of the presidential majority winning only three out of 151 seats. Following the election Jean-Marc Thystère Tchicaya was reconfirmed ad Minister of Hydrocarbures in the newly formed Clément Mouamba's second cabinet. In the 2021 presidential election the party supported once again Sassou Nguesso's candidacy, that was reelected for his fourth term. The following year, in the occasion of the 2022 parliamentary election the party obtained only two seats, one down from the previous election.
Electoral history
Presidential elections
National Assembly elections
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Political parties established in 1990
1990 establishments in the Republic of the Congo
Lawless Code is a 1949 American Western film directed by Oliver Drake and written by Basil Dickey. The film stars Jimmy Wakely, Dub Taylor, Ellen Hall, Tris Coffin, Riley Hill and Kenne Duncan. The film was released on December 4, 1949, by Monogram Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Jimmy Wakely as Jimmy Wakely
Dub Taylor as 'Cannonball' Taylor
Ellen Hall as Rita Caldwell
Tris Coffin as Judge Harmon Steele
Riley Hill as Curley Blake
Kenne Duncan as Tom Blaine
Myron Healey as Donald Martin
Terry Frost as Carter
Beatrice Maude as Mrs. Caldwell
Steve Clark as Jed Gordon
Bud Osborne as Sheriff
Bob Curtis as Deputy
Carl Moore as The 'Blind' Man
References
External links
1949 films
American Western (genre) films
1949 Western (genre) films
Monogram Pictures films
Films directed by Oliver Drake
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The discography of S Club 8, a British pop group, who released two studio albums, seven singles and seven music videos. It also features one album, two singles and two music videos released from the TV series I Dream.
The group formed as S Club Juniors in 2001 and their debut album, Together, was released by Polydor and Universal Records in the United Kingdom in October 2002. Their debut single, "One Step Closer", reached number two in the United Kingdom upon its release in April 2002. The album also included the singles "Automatic High", "New Direction" and "Puppy Love". The album peaked at number five on the UK Albums Chart and was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).
The group released their second album, Sundown, which peaked eight places lower at number 13 in the UK. The album spawned the singles "Fool No More", "Sundown" and "Don't Tell Me You're Sorry". In 2004, the group appeared as characters on the children's television series I Dream and subsequently recorded the album Welcome to Avalon Heights under the name I Dream. Calvin Goldspink and Frankie Sandford, two members of the group, released a further single titled "Dreaming".
Albums
Studio albums
Singles
As I Dream
Albums
2004: Welcome to Avalon Heights
Singles
2004: "Dreaming" #19 UK
2004: "Say It's Alright" #32 FRA
References
General
Specific
External links
Pop music group discographies
Discography
Hudadalli is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India It is located in Chincholi taluk of Kalaburagi district.
Demographics
India census had a population of 838 with 424 males and 414 females.
Agriculture
Major Crops produced in the Dhotikol are Pigeon pea, Sorghum, Pearl millet, chickpea, mung bean, vigna mungo.
Transport
KSRTC bus facility is available to travel within the Karnataka state and Nabour states. The nearest railway station is (47 km) tandur railway station TDU. The nearest airport is (159 km) Rajiv Gandhi International Airport.
See also
Gulbarga
Districts of Karnataka
References
External links
http://Gulbarga.nic.in
Villages in Kalaburagi district
Highland School may refer to:
Highland School (Boulder, Colorado), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Highland School (Atlanta, Georgia), listed on the NRHP in Fulton County, Georgia
Highland School (Reading, Massachusetts), NRHP-listed
Highland School (Hickory, North Carolina), listed on the NRHP in Catawba County, North Carolina
Highland School (Warrenton, Virginia)
The Highland School, (Ellenboro, West Virginia)
Scott Berry (born July 20, 1962) is an American baseball coach and former catcher, who is the current head baseball coach of the Southern Miss Golden Eagles. He played college baseball at Crowder College from 1983 to 1984. He then served as the head coach of the Meridian Eagles (1997–2000).
Playing career
Berry played two years at Crowder College, a junior college in Missouri. After two all-region seasons as a catcher, he was forced to give up baseball due to back issues. He transferred to Southwest Missouri State where he completed his degree and became a student assistant coach.
Coaching career
In 1991, Berry was named an assistant at Meridian Community College, serving under Corky Palmer who would precede him at Southern Miss. After six seasons as an assistant, which included Meridian's first-ever JUCO World Series appearance in 1993 in Grand Junction, Colorado, Berry became head coach at Meridian, where he remained for four seasons, earning numerous coach of the year awards. His teams were ranked in the top 10 all four years he was at the helm, and placed 25 players at Division I schools and coached nine future professional players.
Berry then rejoined Palmer with the Golden Eagles, accepting an assistant coaching position at Southern Miss. Berry worked in a number of roles, including hitting coach, pitching coach, and associate head coach prior to becoming head coach in 2010. While a hitting coach, the Golden Eagles hit over .300 as a team after batting .279 the previous season, with seven players batting over .300. As a pitching coach, USM posted the lowest ERA in Conference USA and produced four players who earned seven All-America awards, including one in four consecutive years. In 2009, the Golden Eagles made their first trip to the College World Series after defeating Florida in Gainesville in the super regional round. Berry ran USM's streak of NCAA appearances to nine with trips in 2010 and 2011, including a 2010 Conference USA Baseball Tournament title and a share of the 2011 regular season conference title.
Head coaching record
Below is a table of Berry's yearly records as an NCAA head baseball coach.
See also
List of current NCAA Division I baseball coaches
References
Living people
People from Neosho, Missouri
Crowder Roughriders baseball players
Missouri State Bears baseball coaches
Missouri State University alumni
Meridian Eagles baseball coaches
Southern Miss Golden Eagles baseball coaches
Place of birth missing (living people)
1962 births
Candle salad is a vintage fruit salad that was popular in America from the 1920s through to the 1960s. The salad is typically composed of lettuce, pineapple, banana, cherry, and either mayonnaise or, according to some recipes, cottage cheese. Whipped cream may also be used.
Its preparation is: first arrange a few leaves of lettuce on a plate or decorative napkin, this forms the salad's base. Then stack pineapple rings on top of the lettuce, providing a niche for inserting one whole (or more often half) peeled banana. For garnish, the banana can be topped with choice of cream and a cherry.
The Food Timeline History website states that "The earliest print reference we find for Candle Salad is dated 1916. It was presented in this socialite menu; no description or recipe was included:
The site lists several other references to the salad in cookbooks and newspapers throughout the 1920s.
Candle salad was known as an easy way to get kids to eat fruit because of its unusual appearance. It was also considered a child-friendly introduction to cooking because of its simple construction. The recipe for candle salad was published in the 1950 edition of A Child's First Cook Book by Alma S. Lach, one of the first cookbooks written for children. It is also in the 1957 edition of the Betty Crocker's Cook Book for Boys and Girls with the description, "It's better than a real candle because you can eat it."
A version of this salad appeared in the Mormon children's magazine [[The Friend (LDS magazine)|The Friend]] in 2008, which included a bed of alfalfa sprouts and strawberry yogurt drizzled over the top of the banana to look like dripping candle wax.
The Tested Recipes Institute of New York published it as a recipe card in 1958.
Carolyn Andrew Lynch published a small booklet called The Candle Salad Story in 2003 with several reprinted images from cookbooks and articles. It is available on Yumpu.com. She suggests that the recipe was created to help promote the banana industry.
Comedian Amy Sedaris appeared on Bravo TV's Watch What Happens: Live'' to prepare candle salad on a segment titled "Craft Time with Amy Sedaris."
Ellen DeGeneres joked about this salad on October 10, 2014. As a result, it became popular on the internet for a short time.
See also
List of salads
References
Fruit salads
Fruit dishes
The green-and-gold tanager (Tangara schrankii) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae, the tanagers. It is one of 27 species in the genus Tangara.
It is found in the western and central Amazon Basin in eastern Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, central Bolivia, and northwestern Brazil.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
Distribution
The green-and-gold tanager's range is almost all of the western Amazon Basin to the higher elevation mountain foothills of the eastern Andes. The contiguous range has three extensions; a southerly extension from southern Peru into central Bolivia; it is about 2000 km long and 400 km wide, and in Bolivia covers the upper reaches of tributary rivers to the northeast flowing Madeira River. A 1300 km range extension goes north to the southeastern Venezuela higher elevation border region, from the Rio Negro of the Amazon, beyond the upper reaches of Venezuela's Caribbean north-flowing Orinoco River. The third easterly extension goes in the central Basin and ends at only the middle reaches of the northerly flowing Tapajós River, a stretch of 800 km of the 3000 km long river.
References
External links
Green-and-gold Tanager videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Green-and-gold Tanager photo gallery VIREO
Photo-High Res; Article greenbackedheron—"Sacha Lodge," Ecuador
Photo-High Res; Article borderland-tours–"Ecuador Photos"
Tangara (genus)
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Brazil
Birds of South America
Birds described in 1825
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gramophone is a magazine published monthly in London, devoted to classical music, particularly to reviews of recordings. It was founded in 1923 by the Scottish author Compton Mackenzie who continued to edit the magazine until 1961. It was acquired by Haymarket in 1999. In 2013 the Mark Allen Group became the publisher.
The magazine presents the Gramophone Awards each year to the classical recordings which it considers the finest in a variety of categories.
On its website Gramophone claims to be: "The world's authority on classical music since 1923." This used to appear on the front cover of every issue; recent editions have changed the wording to "The world's best classical music reviews."
Its circulation, including digital subscribers, was 24,380 in 2014.
Listings and the Gramophone Hall of Fame
Apart from the annual Gramophone Classical Music Awards, each month features a dozen recordings as Gramophone Editor's Choice (now Gramophone Choice). Then, in the annual Christmas edition, there is a review of the year's recordings where each critic selects four or five recordings, and these selections make up the Gramophone Critics' Choice. In April 2012, Gramophone launched its Hall of Fame, an annual listing of the men and women (artists, producers, engineers, A&R directors and label founders) who have contributed to the classical records industry. The first 50 were revealed in the May 2012 issue and on Gramophone's website, and each year will see another intake into the Hall of Fame.
Parody
The liner notes to Glenn Gould's 1968 recording of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony transcribed for solo piano by Liszt included "four imaginary reviews" of that record. One of these reviews, which purports to be from "the English magazine The Phonograph", includes this passage:
Unusual recordings of the Beethoven Fifth are, of course, no novelty to the British collector. One calls to mind that elegiac statement Sir Joshua committed to the gramophone in his last years as well as that splendidly spirited rendition transcribed under actual concert conditions by the Newcastle-on-Tyne Light Orchestra upon the occasion of the inadvertent air-alarm of 27 August 1939 [...] The entire undertaking smacks of that incorrigible American pre-occupation with exuberant gesture and is quite lacking in those qualities of autumnal repose which a carefully judged interpretation of this work should offer.
Archive
In late 2012, Gramophone announced the launch of a new archive service. Subscribers to the digital edition are now able to read complete PDFs of every issue of the magazine dating back to its launch in 1923; previously only OCR text versions of archive magazine articles were provided.
References
External links
Gramophone Archive (1923 – present)
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Music magazines published in the United Kingdom
Classical music magazines
Magazines published in London
Magazines established in 1923
The New Orleans Pelicans are an American professional basketball team based in New Orleans. They play in the Southwest Division of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
History
The team was born out of the original Hornets' relocation to New Orleans in 2002. The team has had three names since its inception; it was called the New Orleans Hornets (2002–2005; 2007–2013), the New Orleans / Oklahoma City Hornets (2005–2007), and the New Orleans Pelicans (2013–present). The Pelicans have never been to the NBA Finals since its inception. The team has played their home games at the Smoothie King Center(formerly the New Orleans Arena) since 2002. The Pelicans are owned by Gayle Benson, with Trajan Langdon as their general manager.
Coaches
There have been seven head coaches for the Pelicans. The franchise's first head coach was Paul Silas, who coached for one season. Byron Scott is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season games coached (419), the most regular-season game wins (203), the most playoff games coached (17), and the most playoff-game wins (8). Paul Silas has franchise record for the highest winning percentage in the regular season (.573). Scott is the only Pelicans coach to have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award, having won it in the . Bower's only head coaching job was with the Pelicans. No Pelicans head coach has been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach. The Pelicans' fifth head coach was Monty Williams, who was appointed on June 7, 2010.
On June 16, 2021, the Pelicans mutually parted ways with Stan Van Gundy who coached the team for one season.
Statistics
Key
Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the .
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of the Hornets/Pelicans. Thus, any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NBA season.
References
General
Specific
Lists of National Basketball Association head coaches by team
Head coach
Crown Hill Park is a recreation area operated by Jefferson County Open Space in unincorporated Jefferson County, Colorado. The park is located between the cities of Wheat Ridge and Lakewood. Within the borders of the park is a National Urban Wildlife Refuge. Activities at the park include picnicking, hiking, biking, horseback riding, wildlife viewing, walking, roller blading, jogging, and fishing.
Accessibility
Crown Hill Park is located in a highly developed region of Jefferson County in close proximity to Denver, Colorado. It is convenient to many of the transportation networks in the metro area, including
RTD (Regional Transportation District)
Bus # 76 runs along Wadsworth Boulevard, from the park's eastern border.
Bus # 100 runs along Kipling Parkway, on the park's western border.
Bus # 28 and # 32 run along W 26th and W 32nd Avenues respectively, but end at Wadsworth, now making them no closer than the 76.
(The 28 and 32 bus routes previous to COVID-19 service reductions both continued west of Wadsworth, but in 2021 they don't.)
Automobile
Crown Hill Park is located south of I70 at exit 267, and east of I70 at exit 264. Denver and I25 are located east, and may be conveniently reached via Colfax Avenue/Business Route 70. The park lies along 2 major thoroughfares, Kipling Parkway and Wadsworth Boulevard. For those arriving by car, the park features 6 ADA accessible parking spaces.
Bicycle
The cities of Lakewood and Wheat Ridge maintain 2 on-street bike routes, along the southern border of the park on West 26th Avenue, and along the park's western border on Kipling Parkway
Horseback
Signs are posted along West 26th Avenue advising motorists to exercise caution for those visiting the park by horse. The park features a horse arena beside the dedicated parking lot for equestrian activities.
Facilities
of natural surface trail
of hard surface trail
Flush restroom and drinking fountain, ADA accessible
2 small picnic shelters, each with one ADA accessible picnic table; 1 at main parking lot, 1 overlooking Kestrel Pond
18 park benches
8 picnic tables, 1 ADA accessible in each picnic shelter
Horse hitching rail near restroom
Horse exercise arena maintained by the City of Lakewood
ADA accessible fishing pier
Fitness trail; Wells Fargo Gamefield course installed with the support of the East Jeffco Kiwanis
2 asphalt parking lots; 1 lot with 103 parking spaces plus 5 ADA accessible, equestrian parking lot with 13 parking spaces plus 1 ADA accessible and 2 horse trailer spaces
Ecology
Flora
Crown Hill Park's general lack of vegetative diversity is the legacy of its agricultural past. 85% of the cover is non-native grasslands; the remaining 15% are wetland/riparian.
Graminoids
(Grasses, grass-like plants)
Canada bluegrass ([Poa compressa])
Canada wildrye (Elymus canadensis) - native
cheatgrass (Bromus tectorum)
crested wheatgrass (Agropyron cristatum)
fescue (Festuca sp.)
foxtail barley (Hordeum jubatum) - native
goatgrass (Aegilops cylindrica)
green needlegrass (Nassella viridula) - native
intermediate wheatgrass (Elytrigia intermedia)
intermediate wheatgrass (Elytrigia intermedia v. trichophorum)
Japanese brome (Bromus japonicus)
Kentucky bluegrass (Poa pratensis)
orchardgrass (Dactylis glomerata)
quackgrass (Agropyron repens)
rye (Secale cereale)
sand dropseed (Sporobolus cryptandrus) - native
slender wheatgrass (Elymus trachycaulus) - native
smooth brome (Bromus inermis)
sedge (Carex sp.) - native
spikerush (Eleocharis sp.) - native
tall wheatgrass (Elytrigia elongata)
timothy (Phleum pratense)
western wheatgrass (Agropyron smithii) - native
wild oats (Avena fatua ssp. sativa)
Forbs
(Non-woody flowering plant that is not a grass)
alfalfa (Medicago sativa)
alyssum (Alyssum minus)
asparagus (Asparagus officinalis)
aster (Aster sp.) - native
bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis)
black medic (Medicago lupulina)
Canada thistle (Cirsium arvense)
cattails (Typha sp.) - native
cf. coreopsis (Coreopsis tinctoria) - native
clasping peppergrass (Lepidium perfoliatum)
copper mallow (Sphaeralcea coccinea) - native
curly dock (Rumex crispus)
Dalmatian toadflax (Linaria dalmatica)
dandelion (Taraxacum officinale)
false flax (Camelina microcarpa)
false salsify (Scorzonera (Podospermum) laciniatum)
fieldcress (Neolepia campestre)
fleabane (Erigeron divergens) - native
fogfruit (Phyla (Lippia) cuneifolia) - native
giant ragweed (Ambrosia trifida)
goosefoot (Chenopodium sp.)
groundcherry (Physalis sp.) - native
gumweed (Grindelia squarrosa) - native
hairy evening-primrose (Oenothera villosa) - native
hairy vetch (Vicia villosa)
horseweed (Conyza canadensis)
Jimm Hill mustard (Sisymbrium altissimum)
kochia (Kochia scoparia)
mallow (Malva neglecta)
mullein (Verbascum thapsus)
musk thistle (Carduus nutans)
narrow-leaf plantain (Plantago lanceolata)
oyster plant (Tragopogon porrifolius)
pennycress (Thlaspi arvense)
poison hemlock (Conium maculatum)
prickly lettuce (Lactuca serriola)
ragweed (Ambrosia sp.)
red clover (Trifolium pratense)
salsify (Tragopogon dubius)
scarlet gaura (Gaura coccinea) - native
showy milkweed (Asclepias speciosa) - native
slim-flowered scurfpea (Psoralea tenuiflora) - native
tansy mustard (Descurainia sp.)
thistle (Cirsium cf. undulatum) - native
tumble knapweed (Centaurea diffusa)
velvety gaura (Gaura parviflora) - native
white heath aster (Aster ericoides) - native
white sweetclover (Melilotus alba)
whitetop (Cardaria chalapense)
whitetop (Cardaria draba)
wintercress (Cardaria chalepensis)
yellow sweetclover (Melilotus officinalis)
wild licorice (Glycyrrhiza lepidota) - native
Trees and shrubs
green ash (Fraxinus pensylvanica)
black locust (Robinia sp.)
peachleaf willow (Salix amygdaloides) - native
plains cottonwood (Populus deltoides ssp. monolifera) - native
rabbitbrush (Chrysothamnus nauseosus ssp. graveolens) - native
Rocky Mountain juniper (Juniperus scopulorum)
Russian olive (Eleagnus angustifolia)
sandbar willow (Salix exigua) - native
Siberian elm (Ulmus pumila)
silver maple (Acer saccharinum)
wild rose (Rosa sayi) - native
Fauna
Avian
In order of frequency of observations
European starling
Canada goose
mallard
red-winged blackbird
mourning dove
northern flicker (common)
house finch
killdeer
black-billed magpie
house sparrow
American robin
song sparrow
Brewer's blackbird
American tree sparrow
black-capped chickadee
common grackle
green-winged teal
northern shoveler
American kestrel
blue-winged teal
wood duck
gadwall
Wilson's warbler
western kingbird
northern shrike
violet-green swallow
black tern
cinnamon teal
bullock's oriole
spotted sandpiper
western meadowlark
yellow warbler
great blue heron
downy woodpecker
red-tailed hawk
sora
Virginia rail
warbling vireo
American coot
belted kingfisher
blue jay
hooded merganser
merlin
pied-billed grebe
spotted towhee (rufous-sided)
yellow-headed blackbird
yellow-rumped warbler
bald eagle
Fish
catfish - stocked
carp - stocked
largemouth bass - stocked
sunfish
trout
History
When early settlers first came to Colorado they were often drawn by the lure of riches to be found in the towering mountains to the west. The California gold rush of 1849 brought tens of thousands of men, many of them previously farmers, to the west. Many prospected on their way through Colorado. Often their dreams of riches ended in dust, and the disappointed miners returned to the plains to resume their former way of life – farming.
A number of small farming communities grew up on the rolling highlands west of pioneer Denver and Auraria. The area offered rich soil that, with irrigation, yielded abundant crops of wheat and vegetables. As its name reveals, the town of Wheat Ridge was built on a highland area that was soon covered with wheat farms. To its north the Clear Creek valley was soon filled with orchards and became known as Fruitdale. Further north, beyond the valley, other farmers built Arvada.
Henry Lee was born in Iowa, Oct. 31, 1841, to English immigrants. He became one of the best known Denver and Colorado pioneers. Henry came to Denver in 1864 from Iowa, following his elder brother, William, who arrived in the Denver area in 1845. William Lee had acquired extensive farming property between Wheat Ridge and Golden, just south of Clear Creek. The road to William's farm later became known as Lee Street. For the first few years Henry Lee earned his living by peddling vegetables from William's farm to miners in the mining camps of Gilpin, Clear Creek and Park counties. William Lee served as a member of the First Colorado Constitutional Convention in 1859, representing Jefferson County. He also founded the first grange in Colorado and was a prominent member of the Colorado Pioneer Society. William Lee died on January 21, 1911, at the age of 74.
Jennie Paul Lee was born in Iowa City, Iowa, on March 8, 1850. She married Henry Lee in 1873, and moved to Colorado in 1875, where they settled on Henry's farm. The Lee's had three children, two sons, Murray and Robert Paul, and a daughter, Jessie.
Always a public-spirited citizen, Henry Lee took a great deal of interest in politics. He represented Jefferson County in the House of Representatives Third Assembly and served two terms in the State Senate for the Fifth and Sixth Assemblies.
While a member of the Third General Assembly and chairman of its committee on public lands, Henry Lee introduced a bill providing for the sale to the City of Denver, at a nominal price and without competition, of two sections of school land for park purposes. One of these sections comprises what is now Denver's City Park. Lee was generally acknowledged as the father of the Denver park system, and served as Park Commissioner under both Mayors Johnson and Speer.
Over time Henry Lee acquired considerable land in Jefferson County, and at one time owned a whole section of what is now known as Edgewater and a large portion of Wheat Ridge. Crown Hill Cemetery is part of his old farm. Lee sold of land to the Crown Hill Cemetery Association in 1908 for $47,000. In 1914 Henry Lee still owned of the finest land in Jefferson County.
Henry Lee's involvement in irrigation and water-related problems led to the construction of Denver's first pumping station and the founding of the Agriculture Ditch Company. Henry served as secretary from the time the company was organized until his death. To support their extensive farming business, Henry and William Lee built the Lee and Brothers Lateral Irrigation Ditch, which ran along Middle Golden Road, now known as 32nd Avenue. William Lee also ran the Lee Sand and Gravel Company along Youngfield from 38th Avenue to North Golden Road (now known as 44 Avenue).
Henry Lee was a partner in the Pioneer Seed Company of Denver, and also owned Henry Lee's Seed and Farm Implements, selling seeds and farm equipment, and designing and selling farm and market wagons, road carts, spring wagons, surreys, and carriages. He had originally brought farm implements and seeds from Iowa to start his prosperous business.
In 1908 Crown Hill Associates also purchased land from the Union Pacific Railroad, which was adjacent to the property purchased from William and Henry Lee. With this last purchase of land, the Crown Hill Associates' total holdings included . Located on the property was the "Old Morgan House". Henry Lee had purchased the Morgan (also recorded as "Margan") Jones homestead in 1900. The portion containing the house, barns and other outbuildings, which are no longer standing, were contained in the land sold to Crown Hill in 1908.
On March 11, 1914, Henry Lee was the victim of one of Denver's first auto-pedestrian accidents. Henry Lee died on March 24 from his injuries, and was buried at Crown Hill Cemetery.
Jennie Lee continued to help run their farm until their son, Murray, died in 1939. Jennie Paul Lee died in November 1943 at the age of 93.
The two water bodies on the park property today were natural ponds. Waters stored in Crown Hill Lake originate in Clear Creek and are transported via the Crown Hill Agricultural Ditch to Crown Hill Lake. Most of the water in Kestrel Pond is seepage from Crown Hill Lake.
The farming communities of Wheat Ridge and Lakewood gradually grew. Local residents were becoming increasingly concerned about the loss of their country lands. When the citizens of Jefferson County created the Open Space Program in 1972, Crown Hill's neighbors began to urge the two cities to find a way to preserve one of the last large parcels of undeveloped land in what was then the most populous area of Jefferson County. In 1978 the Cities of Lakewood and Wheat Ridge joined the County in purchasing next to Crown Hill Cemetery and including Crown Hill Lake, creating Crown Hill Open Space Park.
External links
Jefferson County Open Space Crown Hill Park official site
Parks in Colorado
Protected areas of Jefferson County, Colorado
Urban public parks
