Ladislao Brazionis (born 23 June 1929) was a Uruguayan footballer. He played in five matches for the Uruguay national football team in 1956. He was also part of Uruguay's squad for the 1956 South American Championship.
References
External links
1929 births
Possibly living people
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguay international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association football defenders
Rampla Juniors players
Frederick Wood may refer to:
Freddy Wood, English football player who played as a goalkeeper
Frederick Wood (surveyor) (1807–1893), English surveyor and land agent
Frederick Wood (historian) (1903–1989), New Zealand historian and university professor
Frederick Wood (industrialist) (1926–2003), businessman and industrialist
Frederick Charles Wood, American serial killer
Fred Thomas Wood, Chilean footballer
See also
Frederick Woods (disambiguation)
The Detroit Film Critics Society Award for Best Documentary is an annual award given by the Detroit Film Critics Society.
History
It honors the best documentary film of that year since its inception in 2011 with the first winner being Errol Morris's Tabloid.
Winners
2011: Tabloid
Into Eternity
Into the Abyss
Marwencol
We Were Here
2012: Jiro Dreams of Sushi
The House I Live In
The Imposter
The Queen of Versailles
Searching for Sugar Man
2013: Stories We Tell
Blackfish
The Act of Killing
The Square
The Unknown Known
2014: Citizenfour
Finding Vivian Maier
Jodorowsky's Dune
Keep On Keepin' On
Life Itself
2015: Amy
Best of Enemies
Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief
Listen to Me Marlon
The Look of Silence
2016: O.J.: Made in America
13th
Gleason
Life, Animated
Tickled
Weiner
2017: Jim and Andy: The Great Beyond
The Defiant Ones
Human Flow
Kedi
Step
Strong Island
Whose Streets?
2018: Three Identical Strangers
Free Solo
RBG
Whitney
Won't You Be My Neighbor?
2019: Apollo 11
Amazing Grace
Horror Noire: A History of Black Horror
Knock Down the House
Rolling Thunder Revue: A Bob Dylan Story by Martin Scorsese
2020: Dick Johnson Is Dead
All In: The Fight for Democracy
Boys State
The Dissident
Time
See also
Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature
References
Detroit Film Critics Society Awards
Lists of films by award
American documentary film awards
Awards established in 2011
Sleepless in Madrid or Insomnia () is a 1998 Spanish comedy film directed by Chus Gutiérrez. It stars Cristina Marcos, Candela Peña, Ernesto Alterio, María Pujalte and Ginés García Millán.
Plot
Set in Madrid, focusing on the psychological developments and casual relationships through the urban routine of a group of young people, and bringing in elements of costumbrismo mixed with metaphors of a "self-absorbed" social environment, the plot tracks the lives of three sleepless people, Evan, Alba and Juan (and their partners) during the hot Summer. Adrián is with Alba (a mother who has just given birth) whereas Juan is worried by his future with his would-be wife Isabel.
Cast
Production
The screenplay is the result of the mashup of three different screenplays (two of them jointly worked by Chus Gutiérrez and and a third one in which Fernando León de Aranoa also participated). The film was produced by Bocaboca and Sogetel. Arnaldo Catinari was responsible for the cinematography whereas Mateo Alonso was responsible for the music. The budged amounted to 250 million ₧.
Release
The film was theatrically released in Spain on 13 February 1998.
Reception
Augusto Martínez Torres of El País assessed the film to be a "fun comedy that works perfectly".
See also
List of Spanish films of 1998
References
Bibliography
1998 comedy films
Spanish comedy films
Films set in Madrid
1990s Spanish-language films
1990s Spanish films
Electric Power Systems Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on new applications of transmission, generation, distribution and uses of electric power. Its current editor-in-chief is Maria Teresa Correia de Barros. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 1.396.
References
External links
Power engineering
Electric power
Elsevier academic journals
Electrical and electronic engineering journals
Publications established in 1977
Monthly journals
English-language journals
Shailendra Khanal () was Inspector General of Armed Police Force (Nepal). He served as 10th Inspector General of Armed Police Force (Nepal).
References
External links
Armed Police Force, Nepal
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Courtney Boyd Myers is an American entrepreneur. She is known for founding Audience.io, a consulting firm designed to create parity between tech start-ups in New York City and London.
From 2007-2009, Boyd Myers worked for Forbes.com as a technology and opinions reporter. She later worked as the East Coast Editor of The Next Web, covering global technology trends, web startups and Internet entrepreneurs. Boyd Myers created the 3460 miles newsletter, focussing on linking the New York City and London tech start-up scenes. Following this, in 2013 she launched the consulting firm Audience.io to help New York City and London-based technology start-ups grow internationally by providing strategy around media and content, business development, and product management. She is a member of 10 Downing and Tech City's Advisory Board and a mentor at Seedcamp, Ignite100, and BBCWorldWideLabs.
Currently, Boyd Myers is the CEO/CMO of AKUA, a company that makes kelp-based meat alternatives. She co-founded the company in 2017, with the goal of producing a more sustainable alternative to traditionally meat-based products. The company now produces kelp alternatives to burgers, jerky, and ground meat.
References
External links
Huffington Post
PSFK
American women journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Peoples Gas (short for The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company) is a gas utility subsidiary of WEC Energy Group servicing the city of Chicago, Illinois and its northern suburbs.
History
Established in 1849, in Chicago, Illinois, The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company originally made and distributed Water gas by forcing steam over hot coke. Peoples Gas grew to become the natural gas delivery supplier to approximately 830,000 residential, commercial and industrial customers in Chicago. Peoples Gas has approximately 1,500 employees. Services provided to customers and maintenance of approximately 4,300 miles of natural gas main is the primary function of 850 field and support employees, represented by the Gas Workers Union, Local 18007.
In 1931, Chicago was connected with Texas via the Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America, a 980-mile natural gas pipeline, co-owned by Peoples.
Established in 1900, North Shore Natural Gas grew into the natural gas delivery supplier to approximately 158,000 residential, commercial, and industrial customers in 54 communities in the north-suburban area of Chicago in Lake County. In 1963 Peoples Gas purchased North Shore Gas.
In 1980, Peoples Gas changed its name to Peoples Energy Corporation.
In February 2007, the Peoples Energy Corporation merged with Green Bay, Wisconsin-based Wisconsin Public Service Corporation to form the Integrys Energy Group.
Other Integrys subsidiaries at the time included Peoples Energy Resources Company, LLC, Peoples Energy Services Corporation, Peoples Energy Production Company and Peoples District Energy Corporation, providing services in the oil and gas production, natural gas power generation, midstream services, and retail energy services industries. Integrys also owns and operates regulated and non-regulated energy businesses in Michigan, Minnesota and Wisconsin.
In February 2008, the Illinois Commerce Commission granted a controversial Peoples Gas/North Shore Gas request for a customer delivery rate increase. The approval, settled at $71 million, was expected to increase the average monthly customer gas bill by $7, or 4% to 5%. Peoples Gas/North Shore Gas, citing in part it had not filed for an increase in 12 years, initially sought a $102.5 million delivery rate increase in this proceeding.
In 2015, Integrys was acquired by, and became a subsidiary of WEC Energy Group. Peoples Gas continued as a separate operating unit of WEC.
See also
WEC Energy Group
References
External links
Peoples Gas
North Shore Gas
1849 establishments in Illinois
Companies based in Chicago
American companies established in 1967
Companies disestablished in 2007
Former components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average
Natural gas companies of the United States
Switzerland competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories: amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes (there is often overlap between this and other categories); visual impairment, including blindness; and Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities; other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
The following Swiss competitors won medals at the Games. In the 'by discipline' sections below, medallists' names are in bold.
Archery
Switzerland qualified one archer for the Rio Games following their performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships. Martin Imboden earned the spot in the men's compound open event after winning the Paralympic secondary tournament.
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Switzerland qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Equestrian
The country earned an individual slot via the Para Equestrian Individual Ranking List Allocation method.
Shooting
The last direct qualifying event for Rio in shooting took place at the 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Fort Benning in November. Paul Schnider earned a qualifying spot for their country at this competition in the P3 Mixed 25m Pistol SH1 event.
See also
Switzerland at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Swiss sport
The 2019 Northern Cape provincial election was held on 8 May 2019 to allocate the 30 seats of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature. Like all the South African provincial elections, it was held on the same day as the South African general election. 21 political parties participated in the election, of which only the African National Congress, Democratic Alliance, Economic Freedom Fighters, and Freedom Front Plus won seats. The ANC lost two seats, but maintained a majority.
Premier Candidates
African National Congress
There was some controversy prior to the election regarding the Northern Cape ANC's leadership. ANC Provincial Chairpersoni Dr. Zamani Saul won the premiership despite a long rivalry with the incumbent premier, Sylvia Lucas. Their rivalry was considered to be a proxy of that between Jacob Zuma and Cyril Ramaphosa, with Lucas supporting Zuma and Saul supporting Ramaphosa. The provincial ANC youth league endorsed Saul, with youth league secretary Xhanti Teki stating that Saul's track record proved he would be able to improve Northern Cape's economy. After leaving office, Lucas became the Deputy Chairperson of the National Council of Provinces.
Democratic Alliance
In 2018, the DA announced that Andrew Louw would be their premier candidate in the upcoming election. The DA had plans to become the dominant party in the Northern Cape, however these plans failed.
Economic Freedom Fighters
The EFF did not field premier candidates in any province, as they are opposed to the idea of provinces altogether. Shadrack Tlhaole was first on their party list.
Results
References
2019 elections in South Africa
2019 Northern Cape provincial election
Taha Abdul Karim (born 11 December 1939) is an Iraqi boxer. He competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1939 births
Living people
Boxers at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Iraqi male boxers
Olympic boxers of Iraq
Sportspeople from Baghdad
Lightweight boxers
The 55th Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Notable battles that the regiment was involved in include the Battle of Shiloh.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
Anthony Ikegu (born 10 February 1963) is a Kenyan boxer. He competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Kenyan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Kenya
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
Ann Mimmi Ellenore Larsson (born 9 April 1994) is a Swedish football forward who plays for FC Rosengård and the Sweden national team.
International goals
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Swedish women's footballers
Mallbackens IF players
Eskilstuna United DFF players
Damallsvenskan players
Women's association football forwards
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Sweden women's international footballers
Linköpings FC players
UEFA Women's Euro 2017 players
Forever Storm is the debut studio album by Serbian heavy metal band Forever Storm, released in 2009.
The album cover designed by comic book artist Bane Kerac.
Track listing
"Gunslinger" - 4:29
"It Rains" - 3:58
"Battle Cry" - 5:49
"Soul Revolution" - 5:49
"Trace in Eternity" - 4:47
"Storm - 4:56
"Once Again" - 5:31
"The Outcast" - 4:04
"Who I Am" - 3:49
"For You" [bonus track] - 4:41
Personnel
Stefan Kovačević - vocals, guitar
Miloš Miletić - guitar
Vladimir Nestrorović - bass guitar
Vuk Stefanović - drums
Nikola Marić - keyboards
Production
Ivan Ilić - mixing, producer
Dobrica Andrić - engineer, mastering engineer
References
Forever Storm albums
2009 debut albums
One Records (Serbia) albums
was a free-to-play digital board game developed by Heroz and published by The Pokémon Company. It was initially released for Android and iOS devices in Japan under the title Pokémon Comaster in April 2016. It later released in other territories in January 2017. On July 26, 2019, The Pokémon Company announced that the game would be terminating its service on October 31, 2019.
Gameplay
Pokémon Duel was a free-to-play digital board game set in the Pokémon franchise. Gameplay is based on that of the Pokémon Trading Figure Game. Two players use teams of six Pokémon figurines, each with unique "moves" and "abilities". Both players start with all figures on the "bench" and attempt to reach a goal point on the opposite side of the board while preventing their opponent from doing the same. Figures may "battle" adjacent ones, with battles involving roulette-styled wheels with differing-sized segments from which a move is chosen randomly. Moves have one of several colors, and the colors of the battling figures' moves determine the outcome of the battle. White and gold moves deal numerical damage; the figure which spins a lower damage value is knocked out and moved to the "P.C.", temporarily decommissioning it. Purple moves, which often give detrimental status effects to opponents, beat white moves but lose to gold moves. Blue moves beat all other colors, but often have no effect of their own, simply cancelling the battle. Red "miss" moves lose to any opposing move. Enemy figures may also be "surrounded" by occupying all adjacent spots; this knocks the surrounded figure out without initiating battle. Players may also use "plates" which give additional effects for figures such as dealing additional damage or moving them in ways not otherwise permitted. A player may select up to six plates as part of setting up their "deck" of figures. In addition to reaching the goal point, a player may also win by forcing their opponent to run out of time (5 minutes in a multiplayer game) or by leaving their opponent unable to make a valid move on their turn (a "wait win").
Figures have five tiers of rarity; common (C), uncommon (UC), rare (R), EX, and UX.
Figures can be obtained with a purchasable in-game currency known as gems, generally by purchasing boosters in a gacha-like manner. Figures can be further upgraded by fusing them with other figures and items, using another in-game currency known as coins in the process. The game offers online multiplayer gameplay along with a single-player campaign where the player participates in the "Pokémon Figure World Championships". For multiplayer, the player holds overall and monthly ratings which are boosted by victories and reduced by defeats, using an Elo rating system. Regardless of which mode is chosen, the game requires a constant internet connection to play.
Plot
In the single-player quest line, the player is a participant in the Pokémon Figure World Championships held on Carmonte Island, which hosts a large amount of hotels. Wearing a mask throughout the competition, the player befriends several other competitors including Luca (who acted as a tutorial guide, and later became a hotel owner) and Sharon (who accompanied the player). Throughout the challenge, the player's progress is followed by a group known as the Roger family, who eyed the player's seemingly-sentient AI named Carlo. As of the end of service in 2019, only 6 out of the 10 hotels shown in the game have been unlocked.
Development and release
Pokémon Duel was developed by Japanese company Heroz and published by The Pokémon Company.
The game was announced in March 2016 as Pokémon Comaster for Japan. Comaster was released for Android devices on 12 April 2016, and iOS devices on 19 April 2016. The game later released in other territories under the title Pokémon Duel on 24 January 2017.
On 10 January 2019, the game shut its services in the Netherlands due to a ban on loot boxes in video games.
In July 2019, The Pokémon Company announced that the service for Pokémon Duel would be discontinued on 31 October 2019.
Reception
Pokémon Duel received "mixed or average reviews" from professional critics according to review aggregator website Metacritic. Joe Merrick at Nintendo Life remarked that the game was a "smart, strategic board game" with potential, although "improvements are needed for it to stand tall within the franchise". Destructoid also criticized the pay-to-win tendencies of the game.
By the end of 2018, the game had reached 37.8million downloads and grossed . As of March 2019, the game had reached over 40million downloads.
Notes
References
2016 video games
Android (operating system) games
Free-to-play video games
IOS games
Products and services discontinued in 2019
Video board games
Video games set on fictional islands
Duel
The Canton of Plélan-le-Grand is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the west of the department. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 8 communes, and its population was 16,805 in 2012.
References
Former cantons of Ille-et-Vilaine
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Brittany region articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
This is a List of accidents and incidents involving Douglas DC-3 variants that have taken place in the year 1943, including aircraft based on the DC-3 airframe such as the Douglas C-47 Skytrain and Lisunov Li-2. Military accidents are included; and hijackings and incidents of terrorism are covered, although acts of war are outside the scope of this list.
January 11 A United Airlines DC-3A-197 (registration NC16090, named Mainliner Medford) crashed at Oakland Municipal Airport while attempting to land; both pilots survived, but the aircraft was written off. The aircraft was operating under contract to the USAAF.
January 21 US Navy R4D-1 05051 struck the slope of Fremont Peak near Flagstaff, Arizona, killing six.
January 22 Pan American-Grace Airways (Panagra) Flight 9 (a Douglas DC-3A-399, registration NC33645) struck a mountain peak at 13,000 feet near Chaparra, Peru due to pilot error, killing 14 of 15 on board (only a passenger survived).
January 23 An Aeroflot Lisunov PS-84 (registration CCCP-L3443) crashed at the "16th Party Congress" sovkhoz (state farm) near Myakinino while attempting to find a place to land after attempting to divert to Khimki, killing five of 10 on board. The aircraft was operating a Khvoinaya-Moscow cargo service.
January 31 RAF Douglas C-53 Skytrooper MA929 disappeared with six on board while on a Dinjan-Fort Hertz flight; the wreckage has not been located.
February 17 A Soviet Air Force Lisunov Li-2 crashed at Pisarevka village, Russia, killing all six on board.
March 2 A Soviet Air Force Lisunov Li-2 crashed near Sol-Iletsk in bad weather and poor visibility; all on board survived the crash and attempted to reach Sol-Iletsk, but nine died of hypothermia within hours during the trek.
March 5 An Aeroflot PS-84 (CCCP-L3913) crashed near Berdigestyakh after both engines lost power in heavy snow, killing three of 11 on board.
March 8 A Soviet Air Force Lisunov Li-2 crashed near Bataisk Airfield, Rostov region, Russia, killing all five on board.
March 11 A China National Aviation Corporation Douglas C-53-DO Skytrooper (registration 53) crashed near Luishui, China after entering a downdraft, killing all three on board.
March 13 A China National Aviation Corporation Douglas C-53 Skytrooper (registration 49) disappeared over the Himalayas with three on board while on a Kunming-Dinjan cargo flight.
March 27 RAAF Douglas C-47-DL A65-2 crashed into a wooded area shortly after takeoff from Archerfield RAAF Station, killing all 23 on board.
March 27 An Aeroflot PS-84 (registration CCCP-L3440) crashed while attempting to land at Khodynka Aerodrome after returning to the airport following an engine problem (probably caused by low-octane fuel), killing two of 14 on board.
April 7 A China National Aviation Corporation Douglas C-53-DO Skytrooper (registration 58) clipped one mountain and came to rest on another at 13,750 feet 30 mi northeast of Minzong, India after the pilot made an evasive maneuver, killing one of three on board.
April 29 A Soviet Air Force Lisunov Li-2 crashed at Dmitrovskoye shosse, Moscow, Russia, killing all six on board.
May 11 An Aeroflot PS-84 (registration CCCP-L3931) crashed during a test flight near Molotov Airport following double engine failure caused by crew error, killing one of five on board.
May 20 An Aeroflot PS-84 (registration CCCP-L3909) struck a mountainside in poor weather near Sochi while on a supply flight for partisans in the Crimea, killing the six crew.
May 24 An Aeroflot DC-3-196 (registration URSS-B, M/N 2035), with 4 crew members and 16 passengers, stalled and crashed on takeoff from Zavodskoy Airfield in Saratov after lifting off too late. Co-pilot was killed. Two other crew members and one passenger sustained injuries. The aircraft was operating a Baku–Saratov-Moscow–passenger service.
June 1 BOAC Flight 777, a DC-3-194 (registration G-AGBB), is attacked by eight Luftwaffe Junkers Ju 88s of KG 40 and crashes into Bay of Biscay, killing all 17 on board. The aircraft was owned and operated by KLM.
June 3 Soviet Air Force PS-84 CCCP-L3932 struck tree tops and crashed near Zezevitovo after both engines failed due to a loss of fuel pressure, killing six. The aircraft was operating a Chkalovsky-Vologda-Belomorsk service.
June 4 A Soviet Air Force Lisunov Li-2 (registration CCCP-L344) stalled and crashed on takeoff from Molotov (now Perm) after the pilot attempted a takeoff from the wrong runway, killing three of 10 on board; the left wing struck a parked Li-2 (CCCP-L3962) and the aircraft collided with a wooden shed.
June 8 US Navy R4D-5 12406 crashed into St. Vincent's Bay shortly after takeoff, killing 24.
June 9 A Soviet Air Force C-47A crashed on climbout from Magadan Airport due to a maintenance error, killing six of eight on board.
June 9 A Hamiata DC-3-196A (registration URSS-N) crashed northeast of Yanchi, China, killing all 32 on board; wreckage was found six days later. While flying over the Chigi-Chinze pass, the aircraft encountered icing conditions followed by a downdraft. Control was lost and the aircraft struck the southern side of the pass. The aircraft was operating a Alma-Ata (now Almaty)–Tihwa (now Urumqi)–Hami passenger service.
June 14 A Soviet Air Force Lisunov Li-2 (registration CCCP-L4035) crashed 19 mi from Maksatikh, Tver region, Russia due to engine failure caused by fuel exhaustion; there were no casualties, but the aircraft was written off. The aircraft was operating a Moscow-Leningrad service.
June 20 A Pan Am C-49K (serial number 43-2009) crashed into Biscayne Bay, killing two. The aircraft was operating for the USAAF.
July 2 US Navy R4D-1 01990 struck Table Top Mountain near NAS Dutch Harbor, Alaska, killing 10.
July 10 USAAF C-47A 42-23786 was flying in a V-formation with five other aircraft during formation training when it collided with USAAF C-53 42-68785 19 mi west of Hemingford, Nebraska, killing all eight on board both aircraft.
July 17 USAAF C-47A 41-38730 was flying with five other aircraft during formation training when it collided with USAAF C-53 42-6464 10 mi north of Grenada Army Air Base, killing all 10 on board both aircraft.
July 28 American Airlines Flight 63 (a Douglas DC-3-178, registration NC16014, named Flagship Ohio) crashed near Trammel, Kentucky after a loss of control caused by downdrafts and turbulence in a thunderstorm, killing 20 of 22 on board.
August 2 USAAF Douglas C-47A 42-23957 crashed near Rock Falls, Iowa after a loss of control caused by turbulence and overloading, killing all five on board.
August 8 An Aeroflot PS-84 (registration CCCP-L3982) crashed shortly after takeoff from Balashov Airfield after an engine in the cargo compartment broke loose and broke through the floor, trapping the control cable for the horizontal stabilizer and causing a loss of control, killing the six crew.
August 11 A China National Aviation Corporation Douglas C-53 Skytrooper (registration 48) crashed in the Fort Hertz valley, killing all three on board; the aircraft may have been shot down.
August 21 An Aeroflot Li-2 (registration CCCP-L4034) went missing while on a flight from Oboyan to a site behind German lines near Mirgorod; the aircraft was last seen flying over the front line near Akhtryka, Sumy Region.
August 22 An Aeroflot PS-84 (registration CCCP-L3956) crashed near Rechitsa, Gomel Region due to engine failure while returning from a cargo flight for partisans, killing five of six on board.
August 28
A Soviet Air Force C-47 struck a mountain in the Zolotoi Khrebet mountain range while descending through clouds, killing the four crew.
An Aeroflot PS-84 (registration CCCP-L3959) crashed near Khvoinaya Airport due to spatial disorientation while flying in a storm, killing two.
September 5 USAAF Douglas C-53D Skytrooper 42-68841 broke apart in mid-air in severe winds at 6000 feet 10 mi south of Sedalia, Missouri, killing all 11 on board.
September 19 An Aeroflot PS-84 (registration CCCP-L4008) crashed near Yakhnovo Airfield due to double engine failure caused by crew error, killing all 17 on board.
September 20 USAAF Douglas C-53D Skytrooper 42-68739 stalled and crashed at Maxton Army Air Base after the pilot avoided a head-on collision with a C-47 that was towing a glider, killing all 25 on board the C-53; the C-47 did not crash.
September 20 An Aeroflot Li-2 (registration CCCP-L4029) crashed while on approach to Tashla after the crew deviated from the flight route, killing all five on board.
September 27 USAAF Douglas C-47-DL 41-18566 crashed 11 mi southwest of Lawson Army Air Base after the left propeller, engine and wing separated, killing all four on board.
October 15 American Airlines Flight 63 (a Douglas DC-3-178, named Flagship Missouri) crashed near Centerville, Tennessee due to wing and propeller icing, killing all 11 on board.
November 2 USAAF Douglas C-47A 42-24360 disappeared while on a Yunnanyi-Misamari flight with three on board; the wreckage was found on October 9, 1944.
November 19 Inbound from Houston, Eastern Air Lines Flight 12 (a Douglas DC-3-201E, NC19968) was attempting a second landing at New Orleans when it descended too low and the number one propeller struck the water, tearing off the propeller, cowling and parts of the number one engine; the aircraft was able to land safely at New Orleans with no casualties to the 15 on board.
November 21 USAAF Douglas C-47A 42-32929 crashed an eighth of a mile west of Tamaqua, Pennsylvania in low visibility conditions, killing 7 of the 9 occupants onboard.
December 18 An Aeroflot C-47A (registration CCCP-L825) crashed in a meadow near Ramenye while returning from an unsuccessful supply flight for partisans in eastern Latvia, killing all 14 on board.
December 21 An Aeroflot Li-2 (registration CCCP-L4032) stalled and crashed near Vnukovo Airport during a training flight due to double engine failure caused by a defect in a fuel tank, killing three of seven crew.
December 27 US Navy Douglas R4D-5 12432 disappeared over the Pacific while on a Nouméa-Espiritu Santo flight with 24 on board.
See also
List of accidents and incidents involving the DC-3 in the 1940s
References
Notes
Military versions of the DC-3 were known as C-47 Skytrain, C-48, C-49, C-50, C-51, C-52, C-53 Skytrooper, C-68, C-84, C-117 Super Dakota and YC-129 by the United States Army Air Forces and as the R4D by the United States Navy. In Royal Air Force (and other British Commonwealth air forces') service, these aircraft were known as Dakotas.
1943
DC-3
Talma W. "Tut" Imlay (March 20, 1902 – May 17, 1962) was an American football player who played two seasons in the National Football League in 1926 and in 1927. During those two years, Tut played for the Los Angeles Buccaneers and the New York Giants. In 1927, Tut won an NFL Championship with the Giants. In 1926, Imlay earned 1st Team All-NFL honors by the Green Bay Press-Gazette.
Early career
Imlay attended Salinas High School in 1920 where he played for the school's first football team that played by American rules. In 2013, he was inducted into the Salinas Valley Sports Hall of Fame.
College football
Tut played college football at the University of California. In 1925 he was named the captain of the Golden Bears football team. While in college, Imlay once tossed a football to teammate Harold Muller from the top of a 415-foot building in San Francisco. On December 26, 1925, the first touchdown scored in East–West Shrine Game history was a 27-yard pass by Imlay to Brick Muller, which turned out to be the only points scored in the inaugural game, resulting in a 6–0 West victory. It was the only touchdown pass Imlay ever threw in a football game.
Pro football
In 1926, the NFL established a traveling team in California, called the Los Angeles Buccaneers. The Bucs played all their games on the road, and ran out of Chicago. Brick Muller and Tut were then named the team's co-head coaches. Muller and Imlay both not only coached the team and also played for the Bucs. L.A. finished the 1926 season with a record of 6–3–1. After the 1926 season, he left Muller and the Bucs and joined the New York Giants. The Buccaneers folded shortly afterwards, while the Giants went on to win the 1927 NFL Championship.
References
1902 births
1962 deaths
American football fullbacks
American football halfbacks
American football quarterbacks
California Golden Bears football players
Los Angeles Buccaneers coaches
Los Angeles Buccaneers players
New York Giants players
People from Panguitch, Utah
Players of American football from Utah
The Wacht class was a pair of avisos built by the Imperial German Navy in the late-1880s; the class comprised two ships, and . They were laid down in 1886 and 1887 and completed by 1888 and 1889, respectively. The ships were based on the previous aviso, , which had proved to be an unsuccessful design due to its lack of torpedo armament. As a result, the Wacht-class ships were equipped with three torpedo tubes to improve their combat power; they were also the first German avisos to carry armor protection.
Both ships served in the main German fleet for the entirety of their active duty careers. They were primarily employed in the peacetime routine of unit and fleet training maneuvers. In September 1901, Wacht was accidentally rammed by the ironclad during the annual fleet maneuvers. The collision caused serious damage to Wacht and she quickly sank. Jagd continued in service for another three years, after which she was withdrawn from service and used in various roles over the following sixteen years. She was sold for scrapping in 1920.
Design
The German Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy) had begun building modern, steel-hulled avisos in the 1880s to serve as fleet scouts and to lead flotillas of torpedo boats; the first of these were the two ships. After General Leo von Caprivi replaced Albrecht von Stosch as the chief of the Kaiserliche Admiralität (Imperial Admiralty) in 1883, the navy began to take a turn toward the Jeune École doctrine, embracing the concept of using small, cheap torpedo boats to defend the country's coast instead of expensive ironclad warships. This strategy found favor in the Reichstag (Imperial Diet), which at that time opposed naval spending. Caprivi directed that the next aviso to be built—what became the Wacht class—should be smaller and faster, able to keep pace with the latest torpedo boats.
The resulting ships proved to be disappointments in service: their smaller size rendered them poor sea boats, which was revealed only after they had been completed and conducted sea trials. Additionally, their gun battery was too weak to allow them to effectively engage comparable vessels in other fleets. Both of these defects limited their utility as fleet scouts. The class did introduce some improvements over previous designs, however, including an armor deck and protection for the conning tower, along with electric lighting for the ships.
General characteristics
The Wacht-class ships were long at the waterline and long overall. They had a beam of and a maximum draft of forward and aft. They displaced as designed and up to at full combat load. Their hulls were constructed from transverse steel frames. Wacht and Jagd each had a crew of 7 officers and 134 enlisted men. The ships carried several smaller boats, including one picket boat, one yawl, one dinghy, and one cutter. They were poor sea boats; they rolled and pitched badly and were very wet. They were also not particularly maneuverable vessels.
Machinery
Their propulsion system consisted of two angled 3-cylinder triple expansion engines that each drove a wide three-bladed screw. Steam for the engines was provided by four coal-fired locomotive boilers trunked into a single funnel amidships. In 1891–1893, new boilers manufactured by Schichau-Werke and the Kaiserliche Werft (Imperial Shipyard) in Wilhelmshaven were installed. The ships were equipped with a pair of electric generators with a combined output of at 67 volts.
The ships' propulsion system provided a top speed of and was rated at , though neither ship reached that horsepower in service. They carried up to of coal, which enabled them to steam for approximately at . Steering was controlled by a single rudder.
Armament and armor
As built, the ships were armed with three K L/35 guns placed in single pivot mounts. The guns were supplied with a total of 180 rounds of ammunition and had a range of . Wacht and Jagd also carried three torpedo tubes, one mounted submerged in the bow and the other two in deck-mounted launchers on the broadside. In 1891, four 8.8 cm SK L/30 quick-firing guns in single mounts replaced the 10.5 cm guns.
The ships were the first German aviso to carry armor: a thick deck with thick sloped sides protected the magazines and engine rooms. The conning tower was protected with of armor plating on the sides and 10 mm on the roof. The coaming around the funnel was thick. The armor consisted of compound wrought iron. For protection against underwater attack, the hull was divided into twelve watertight compartments below the armored deck and ten compartments above it.
Ships
Service history
Wacht and Jagd served in a variety of roles during their careers. Wacht initially served with the main fleet, and in 1889 she embarked on a major training cruise to the Mediterranean Sea in company with four ironclad warships and the imperial yacht, Hohenzollern, for a series of visits by Kaiser Wilhelm II to Greece, the Ottoman Empire, the Austro-Hungarian Empire, and Italy. By the time the ships returned to Germany, Jagd had entered service as a guard ship in Wilhelmshaven, though she escorted Wilhelm II aboard Hohenzollern for another pair of cruises in the North Sea in 1890 and 1891. Both ships also took part in the peacetime routine of training exercises that culminated in major fleet maneuvers every August and September. By 1893, Wacht had begun to serve as a flotilla leader for torpedo boats. Jagd was the first vessel to pass through the Kaiser Wilhelm Canal in March 1895 before the waterway officially opened in June; her passage was a test of the lock system to ensure that it worked properly.
In the mid-1890s, the ships began to operate as avisos with the capital ships of the main fleet; in this role, they served as scouts, relayed signals, and screened them from torpedo boat attacks. In early 1901, Jagd went to Britain as part of the fleet that represented Germany at the funeral of Queen Victoria, but by 11 August, a survey of the ship had determined that she was in poor condition, and so she was removed from service. On 4 September, Wacht accidentally collided with the ironclad during training exercises. Sachsens ram bow badly damaged Wacht below the waterline, causing her to rapidly sink, though her entire crew was safely evacuated. Jagd saw little use; she was struck from the naval register in May 1910 and then used as a torpedo launching platform for torpedo training. She was ultimately sold to ship breakers in 1920.
Notes
References
A central bank digital currency (CBDC) (also called digital fiat currency or digital base money) is a digital currency issued by a central bank, rather than by a commercial bank.
A report by the Bank for International Settlements states that, although the term "central bank digital currency" is not well-defined, "it is envisioned by most to be a new form of central bank money [...] that is different from balances in traditional reserve or settlement accounts."
The present concept of CBDCs was inspired by Bitcoin and similar blockchain-based cryptocurrencies, but differs from such a virtual currency and cryptocurrency in that a CBDC is or would be issued by a state. Most CBDC implementations will likely not use or need any sort of distributed ledger such as a blockchain.
CBDCs are presently mostly in the hypothetical stage, with some in proof-of-concept programmes. According to ECB's chief Christine Lagarde, more than 80 central banks are looking at digital currencies. China's digital RMB was the first digital currency to be issued by a major economy. As of July 2022, four central banks have launched a CBDC: the Central Bank of The Bahamas (Sand Dollar), the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank (DCash), the Central Bank of Nigeria (e-Naira) and the Bank of Jamaica (JamDex).
History
Central banks have directly implemented e-money previously, such as Finland's Avant stored value e-money card in the 1990s. In 2000, the project was launched in Czechia, enabling the implementation of so-called micropayments on the Internet. For payments, users used the virtual currency Q, the fair value of which is tied to a fixed exchange rate against the Czech koruna in the ratio of 100 Q = CZK 1. The two currencies are fully convertible. The author of the project was . Project I LIKE Q was terminated in 2003 due to an amendment to Czech law, which at that time did not provide for this form of payment. In 2021, the same group introduced project which is a type of digital currency enriched with smart contracts aka drone money.
The present concept of "central bank digital currency" may have been partially inspired by Bitcoin and similar blockchain-based cryptocurrencies. It is also a known concept in the field of economics, whereby the central bank enables citizens to hold accounts with it, providing a reliable and safe public savings or payments medium ("retail" or "general-purpose" CBDC).
The Bank for International Settlements (BIS) published a report in December 2020 listing the known CBDC wholesale and retail projects at that time. By April 2021, there would be "at least 80 central banks around the world that are looking at digital currencies."
Another 2020 BIS survey found that 86% of central banks were examining the advantages and disadvantages of launching CBDCs, although only 14% were in advanced stages of development (such as pilot programs).
Implementation
A central bank digital currency would likely be implemented using a database run by the central bank, government, or approved private-sector entities. The database would keep a record (with appropriate privacy and cryptographic protections) of the amount of money held by every entity, such as people and corporations.
In contrast to cryptocurrencies, a central bank digital currency would be centrally controlled (even if it was on a distributed database), and so a blockchain or other distributed ledger would likely not be required or useful - even as they were the original inspiration for the concept.
Characteristics
A CBDC is a high-security digital instrument; like paper banknotes, it is a means of payment, a unit of account, and a store of value. And like paper currency, each unit is uniquely identifiable to prevent counterfeiting.
Digital fiat currency is part of the base money supply, together with other forms of the currency. As such, DFC is a liability of the central bank just as physical currency is. It is a digital bearer instrument that can be stored, transferred and transmitted by all kinds of digital payment systems and services. The validity of the digital fiat currency is independent of the digital payment systems storing and transferring the digital fiat currency.
Proposals for CBDC implementation often involve the provision of universal bank accounts at the central banks for all citizens.
Benefits and impacts
Digital fiat currency is currently being studied and tested by governments and central banks in order to realize the many positive implications it contributes to financial inclusion, economic growth, technology innovation and increased transaction efficiencies. Here is a list of potential advantages:
Technological efficiency: instead of relying on intermediaries such as banks and clearing houses, money transfers and payments could be made in real time, directly from the payer to the payee. Being real time has some advantages:
Reduces risk: payment for goods and services often needs to be done in a timely manner and when payment verification is slow, merchants usually accept the risk of some payments not succeeding in exchange for faster service to customers. When these risks are eliminated with instant payment verifications, merchants no longer need to use intermediaries to handle the risk or to absorb the risk cost themselves.
Reduces complexity: merchants will not need to separately keep track of transactions that are slow (where the customer claims to have paid but the money has not arrived yet), therefore eliminate the waiting queue, which could simplify the transaction process from payment to rendition of goods/services.
Reduces (or eliminates) transaction fees: current payment systems like Visa, Mastercard, American Express etc. have a fee attached to each transaction and lowering or eliminating these fees could lead to widespread price drops and increased adoption of digital payments.
Financial inclusion: safe money accounts at the central banks could constitute a strong instrument of financial inclusion, allowing any legal resident or citizen to be provided with a free or low-cost basic bank account.
Preventing illicit activity: A CBDC makes it feasible for a central bank to keep track of the exact location of every unit of the currency (assuming the more probable centralized, database form)
Tax collection: It makes tax avoidance and tax evasion much more difficult, since it would become impossible to use methods such as offshore banking and unreported employment to hide financial activity from the central bank or government.
Combating crime: It makes it much easier to spot criminal activity (by observing financial activity), and thus put an end to it. Furthermore, in cases where criminal activity has already occurred, tracking makes it much harder to successfully launder money, and it would often be straightforward to instantly reverse a transaction and return money to the victim of the crime.
Proof of transaction: a digital record exists to prove that money changed hands between two parties which avoids problems inherent to cash such as short-changing, cash theft and conflicting testimonies.
Protection of money as a public utility: digital currencies issued by central banks would provide a modern alternative to physical cash – whose abolition is currently being envisaged.
Safety of payments systems: A secure and standard interoperable digital payment instrument issued and governed by a Central Bank and used as the national digital payment instruments boosts confidence in privately controlled money systems and increases trust in the entire national payment system while also boosting competition in payment systems.
Preservation of seigniorage income: public digital currency issuance would avoid a predictable reduction of seigniorage income for governments in the event of a disappearance of physical cash.
Banking competition: the provision of free bank accounts at the central bank offering complete safety of money deposits could strengthen competition between banks to attract bank deposits, for example by offering once again remunerated sight deposits.
Monetary policy transmission: the issuance of central bank base money through transfers to the public could constitute a new channel for monetary policy transmission (i.e. helicopter money), which would allow more direct control of the money supply than indirect tools such as quantitative easing and interest rates, and possibly lead the way towards a full reserve banking system. In digital Yuan trial in Shenzhen, the CBDC was programmed with an expiration date, which encouraged spending and discouraged money from sitting in a saving account. In the end, 90% of vouchers were spent in shops.
Financial safety: CBDC would limit the practice of fractional reserve banking and potentially render deposit guarantee schemes less needed.
Risks
Despite having potential advantages, there are also risks associated with central bank digital currencies.
Banking system disintermediation: With the ability to provide digital currency directly to its citizens, one concern is that depositors would shift out of the banking system.
Indeed, in the last century, commercial banks have created money thanks to deposits in addition to a number of other ways. Formally they have used 2 methods: fractional reserve banking and zero reserve.
Zero reserve: Today, commercial banks in some countries (US, UK, EU, etc) don't need a reserve requirement anymore. Indeed, every time a subject (a person, a corporation, etc) asks for a loan, and that subject offers a loan guarantee (a private property like a car, a building, etc), the bank temporarily creates a new deposit (money), lends this money to them, and when the borrower pays off the loan plus the interest the initial deposit is deleted, and the bank keeps the interest.
In the real world, zero reserve and fractional reserve are the same, because the banks are able to avoid the reserve requirements.
CBDCs are fully reserved, so if a person wants this form of money, they just buy it from the central bank. In this case commercial banks don't create debt or new money, and they don't earn any interest.
Customers may deem the safety, liquidity, solvibility, and publicity of CBDCs to be more attractive, weakening the balance sheet position of commercial banks. In the extreme, this could precipitate potential bank runs and thus make banks' funding positions weaker. However, the Bank of England found that if the introduction of CBDC follows a set of core principles, the risk of a system-wide run from bank deposits to CBDC is addressed. A central bank could also limit the demand of CBDCs by setting a ceiling on the amount of holdings.
Centralization: Since most central bank digital currencies are centralized, rather than decentralized like most cryptocurrencies, the controllers of the issuance of CBDCs can add or remove money from anyone's account with a flip of a switch. In contrast, cryptocurrencies with a distributed ledger such as Bitcoin prevent this unless a group of users controlling more than 50% of mining power is in agreement.
Digital dollarization: A well-run foreign digital currency could become a replacement for a local currency for the same reasons as those described in dollarization. The announcement of Facebook's Libra contributed to the increased attention to CBDCs by central bankers, as well as China's progress with DCEP to that of several Asian economies.
Stalling social developments: Data from tracing money routes could lead to losing financial privacy if the CBDC implementation does not have adequate privacy protections. This could lead to encouraging of self-censorship, deterioration of freedom of expression and association, and ultimately to stalling social developments.
References
54. CBDC Digital Rupee, India by Mudra Bank
Monetary reform
Numismatics
External links
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter K. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
K
Papilio filaprae is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo, Angola and Equatorial Guinea. The species was first described by Ernst Suffert in 1904.
Subspecies
Papilio filaprae filaprae (south-eastern Cameroon, Congo, south-western Republic of the Congo, Angola)
Papilio filaprae musolanus (Hancock, 1988)
Taxonomy
It is a member of the zenobia species group. In the zenobia group the basic upperside wing pattern is black with white or yellowish bands and spots. The underside is brown and basally there is a red area marked with black stripes and spots. In the discal area there is a yellowish band with black stripes and veins. Females resemble Amauris butterflies. Both sexes lack tails.
The clade members are:
Papilio cyproeofila Butler, 1868
Papilio fernandus Fruhstorfer, 1903
Papilio filaprae Suffert, 1904
Papilio gallienus Distant, 1879
Papilio mechowi Dewitz, 1881
Papilio mechowianus Dewitz, 1885
Papilio nobicea Suffert, 1904
Papilio zenobia Fabricius, 1775
Larsen, 2005 doubts that this is a valid taxon, suggesting that it is the equatorial subspecies of Papilio cyproeofila, which it closely resembles.
References
External links
swallowtails.net Image
Butterfly Corner Images from Naturhistorisches Museum Vienna
Global Butterfly Information System Images (as subgenus Druryia)
"Papilio filaprae Suffert, 1904". Insecta.pro. With image.
filaprae
Butterflies described in 1904
The centre wavelength is the power-weighted mean wavelength:
And the total power is:
where is the power spectral density, for example in W/nm.
The above integrals theoretically extend over the entire spectrum, however it is usually sufficient to perform the integral over the spectrum where the spectral density is higher than a fraction of its maximum.
See also
peak wavelength
dominant wavelength
Waves
Rao Saheb Bhosle (born 4 April 1932) is a former Indian first-class cricketer.
Born at Kolhapur in Maharashtra, Bhosle made his debut in first-class cricket for Maharashtra in the 1952–53 Ranji Trophy against Gujarat at Ahmedabad. He played for Maharashtra regularly during the 1950s, making 21 first-class appearances to 1960. He scored a total of 787 runs, with an average of 30.26, making five half centuries with the highest score of 89. Bowling a mixture of right-arm off break and medium pace, Bhosle took 31 wickets at a bowling average of 46.74, with best figures of 4/35. He later played minor counties cricket in England for Cumberland in 1963, making five appearances.
References
External links
1932 births
Living people
People from Kolhapur
Indian cricketers
Maharashtra cricketers
Cumberland cricketers
Naga Hospital Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 10 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Naga Hospital Ward:
Schools
Assembly of God High School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 10
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Serdar Aziz (born 23 October 1990) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe.
Early years
Aziz was born in Osmangazi, Bursa. His father was born in Bitola, North Macedonia of Turkish descent and his mother was born in Bursa. He has two older siblings, one brother and one sister. Aziz's father was an amateur footballer in Bursa.
At the age of 10, Aziz enrolled in a football school in Bursa. He spent 2 months at the school before he was signed to a youth contract by Bursaspor. Aziz originally played in midfield due to his small stature. However, Aziz pleaded his coach to place him as a center back because he believed he wasn't good enough technically to play in midfield. Aziz had a growth spurt soon after, which cemented his position at stopper.
Career
Raşit Çetiner called Aziz up to the senior squad in 2006. Although he did not make his debut, Aziz was allowed to train alongside the senior players. He was loaned to feeder club Bursa Merinosspor for the 2007–08 season. Aziz was not open to the move, but warmed up to the idea after he realized the club was virtually one and the same with Bursaspor. He admitted the physical nature of the TFF Third League helped aid his development into becoming a professional center back. Aziz made his professional debut for Bursaspor on 25 October 2008 against Fenerbahçe, with Bursaspor losing 2–5. He was a part of the Bursaspor squad that won the Süper Lig in 2009–10.
On 23 February 2018 he scored against his former club Bursaspor in a 3-0 win, after scoring he chose not to celebrate.
International career
Aziz has played for Turkey at the U-16, U-17, U-18, U-19, and U-21 levels. Aziz was a part of the U-19 squad that competed at the 2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
Due to having some Kosovo origins, Aziz is eligible to play for the Kosovo soccer team, although he considers himself Turkish and expressed the view of playing for Turkey.
He has received call-up from Macedonia national football team, however he rejected it, stating his desire to represent Turkey at the senior level.
On 24 August 2007 he broke the leg of Norwegian player Mohammed Fellah in an U-19.
He made his debut at senior level on 16 November against Kazakhstan and in that game he scored the third goal in a 3-1 win.
Career statistics
Club
International
As of match played 8 October 2021.
International goals
Scores and results list Turkey's goal tally first.
Honours
Club
Bursaspor
Süper Lig: 2009–10
Galatasaray
Süper Lig: 2017–18
Süper Kupa: 2016
See also
Serdar Aziz: "Bursaspor'da sembol olmak istiyorum" – An extensive interview with Serdar Aziz
Notes
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bursa
Association football central defenders
Turkish footballers
Turkey international footballers
Turkey under-21 international footballers
Turkey youth international footballers
Bursaspor footballers
Galatasaray S.K. footballers
Fenerbahçe S.K. footballers
Süper Lig players
Macedonian people of Turkish descent
Wolfgang Ilgenfritz (10 January 1957; Villach, Austria – 18 January 2013; Villach) was an Austrian politician and most notably a non-attached Member of the European Parliament. He served for one parliamentary term (20 July 1999 – 19 July 2004) and was a member of the Freedom Party of Austria.
Early life
Wolfgang Ilgenfritz was born on 10 January 1957 in Villach, Austria. Attending a local primary school from 1963 to 1967, Ilgenfritz began attending another Villach school in 1967, graduating from there in 1971. Until 1976, Ilgenfritz studied at a local business school, continuing his education in business administration at the University of Graz until 1981. After receiving his qualifications, Ilgenfritz worked for one of the largest tax firms in Carinthia from 1981 to 1986, until opting to become an independent tax advisor from 1986 to 1991. From 1991 Ilgenfritz was an independent auditor and tax consultant, becoming a member of the Day Chamber of Chartered Accountants Carinthia in 1993.
On 20 July 1999 Ilgenfritz became a Member of the European Parliament, representing his home country of Austria. A one-term member, he served on various committees and delegations during his parliamentary career, including the Committee on Budgets, the Delegation for relations with Switzerland, Iceland and Norway and the Delegation to the EU-Hungary Joint Parliamentary Committee. He also served as a substitute on the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy and the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education, the Media and Sport. On 19 July 2004 Ilgenfritz' term ended, and his European Parliamentary career came to a close.
In 2001, Ilgenfritz was one of several Members of European Parliament to declare their personal financial interests on their personal parliamentary websites as part of a campaign led by the European Voice.
References
1957 births
2013 deaths
Freedom Party of Austria MEPs
MEPs for Austria 1999–2004
21st-century Austrian politicians
People from Villach
VBA may refer to:
Computing
Visual Basic for Applications, the application edition of Microsoft's Visual Basic programming language
VisualBoyAdvance, an emulator for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance handheld video game system
Organizations
Vanchit Bahujan Aghadi, an Indian political party
Veteran Benefits Administration, an organizational element of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs
Veterans Benevolent Association, an early gay-interest organization founded by World War II veterans
Vietnam Basketball Association, a professional men's basketball league in Vietnam
Virginia Bar Association, a US voluntary organization of Virginia lawyers
Vojnobezbednosna agencija, the Military Security Agency of Serbia
The was a railway line of West Japan Railway Company between Nishiwaki and Taka District all within Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan. The line closed on April 1, 1990.
Stations
Notes
1: Nomura Station was renamed Nishiwakishi Station upon closure of the Kajiya Line.
2: The former town of Naka became a part of the town of Taka in 2005.
History
The opened the line between 1913 and 1923. The railway was acquired by the in 1923 and nationalised in 1943 together with other Bantan Railway lines, i.e. the Kakogawa Line, the Takasago Line, the Miki Line, and the Hōjō Line.
Under the operation of Japanese National Railways (JNR), freight services ceased in 1974. JR West succeeded the line in 1987 and closed it in 1990, concurrently with the Miyazu Line and the Taisha Line, as the last of 83 "specified local lines" selected for closure.
References
This article incorporates material from the corresponding article in the Japanese Wikipedia.
Rail transport in Hyōgo Prefecture
Lines of West Japan Railway Company
Closed railway lines
Railway lines closed in 1990
Kaboli () may refer to:
People
Farzaneh Kaboli, Iranian dancer
Iraj Kaboli, Iranian writer
Mehrab Kaboli, fictional character in the Persian epic Shahnameh
Mohsen Kaboli, Iranian-German robotics scientist
Yadollah Kaboli Khansari, Iranian calligrapher
Places
Kaboli, Hormozgan
Kaboli, Razavi Khorasan
Kaboli, Togo
See also
Karoli (name)
Dendrocnide peltata, commonly known simply as the stinging tree or jelaton, is a large tree in the nettle family Urticaceae. With the other species of the genus Dendrocnide, it is known for the stinging hairs which cover the whole plant and cause severe pain when touched. The Latin specific epithet peltata means "shield shaped", referring to the shape of the leaves.
Description
Dendrocnide peltata is a dioecious rainforest tree. Although often encountered as a small, subcanopy tree, it may grow to be a large canopy tree up to 30 m high. The trunk grows to a diameter of 650 mm, and is usually crooked and lacking buttresses, while the bark is green or grey in colour, and rough, scaly or flaky in texture. The large leaves, which are broadly ovate, usually peltate, rounded at the base, crenate, acute to acuminate, dark green above and pale green beneath, are clustered at the ends of the branches. The small flowers grow as axillary inflorescences. The fruits are about 20 mm long, green or brown, with the seeds about 2 mm in diameter.
Distribution and habitat
The two botanic varieties of the tree are:
Dendrocnide peltata (Blume) Miq. var. peltata is native to Java, Bali, New Guinea and Christmas Island.
Dendrocnide peltata var. murrayana (Rendle) Chew is endemic to Christmas Island.
References
Notes
Sources
peltata
Rosales of Australia
Flora of Christmas Island
Trees of Java
Flora of Bali
Trees of New Guinea
Taxa named by Friedrich Anton Wilhelm Miquel
Plants described in 1851
Dioecious plants
Mata o le Afi ("Eye of the Fire" or "Source of the Fire") is an active volcano on the island of Savai'i in Samoa. It last erupted in 1902.
1902 eruption
An eruption began on 30 October 1902. It was preceded by a series of thirteen earthquakes, which damaged stone churches at Safune and Sasina and destroyed the church at Paia. The inhabitants of these villages and of Aopo fled. On 8 November Dr Otto Tetens examined the volcano, finding a crater a hundred yards across emitting smoke and rocks, with a second crater two miles to the north where the eruption had finished. The eruption had already begun to die down, and ceased around 17 November.
References
Mountains of Samoa
Volcanoes of Samoa
Savai'i
Mount Colzim (or Qulzum, Qalzam, or Qolozum), also known as the Inner Mountain of Saint Anthony, is a mountain in Red Sea Governorate, Egypt. It was the final residency of Anthony the Great from about AD 311, when he was 62 years of age, to his death in 356.
Name
The name Colzim is derived from the ancient city of Clysma (, meaning "surf, waves that break"; ; ). Clysma was a major Red Sea port and a center of monasticism. The Inner Mountain of Anthony is called Mount Colzim (also called Qulzum, Qalzam, or Qolozum).
Location
The Inner mountain is located near the modern Coptic Christian monastery Dayr Mārī Antonios in Egypt, which is reputedly Christianity's oldest operating monastery. It is about 160 kilometers southeast of Cairo, in the northern foothills of the Red Sea Mountains.
History
Anthony the Great
Prior to 311, Anthony lived at what Athanasius of Alexandria called his outer mountain (located at Pispir next to the Nile) for almost twenty years, since the early days of his monasticism. According to Athanasius' Life of Anthony (Latin: ) written c. 360, Anthony sought to move out of his desire for solitude."But when he saw himself beset by many, and not allowed to withdraw himself according to his intent as he wished...he considered and set off to go into the upper Thebaid, among those to whom he was unknown."By this time, Anthony's fame had grown, causing many monastics to come to him for guidance. Athanasius says that the voice of God (or in Coptic tradition, the voice of a woman by the Nile) told Anthony to move to the inner desert between the Nile and the Red Sea instead of moving to northern Thebaid. Anthony traveled with a group of Saracens for three days along the Wādī al-'Arabah towards the Gulf of Suez."...he came to a very lofty mountain, and at the foot of the mountain ran a clear spring, whose waters were sweet and very cold; outside there was a plain and a few neglected palm trees."Anthony was brought some food and provisions by his disciples, and often left the Inner Mountain to instruct his disciples at Pispir, even notably traveling more than 300 kilometers in old age to the city of Alexandria to voice his opposition to Arianism. He lived in a cave on the Inner Mountain. Today, the cave sits 100 meters above the monastery of Dayr Mārī Antonios and is a popular site of pilgrimage for Coptic Christians.
Other monastic residencies
Sisoes the Great
Sisoes the Great (died 429) moved from Scetis (where he was under the spiritual guidance of Abba Or) and took up habitation on Anthony's Inner Mountain in his cave in 357, shortly after Anthony's death in 356. Sisoes humbly compared himself to Anthony by saying, "In the cave of a lion, a lowly fox makes its dwelling." Towards the end of his life, Sisoes was asked by a visitor whether he had attained to the stature of Abba Anthony. He replied, "If I had a single one of Abba Anthony's thoughts, I would be entirely ablaze."
Sisoes lived in Anthony's cave for seventy-two years.
Paul the Simple
Paul the Simple lived on the Inner Mountain with Anthony until his death.
John the Dwarf
When Scetis was destroyed in 395 by the Berbers (Mazices), John the Dwarf relocated to Mount Colzim and lived only a day's journey from the cave of Anthony. John lived there for the remainder of his life at the same time that Sisoes resided in the cave of Anthony.
Present-day
The spring mentioned in the Life of Anthony is allegedly the same spring that runs near the Deesis Chapel at Dayr Mārī Antonios. This suggests that the modern-day monastery is the exact location of Anthony's dwelling-place on the Inner Mountain. Anthony lived on the Inner Mountain for forty-three years until his death there in 356. Folklore maintains that he is still buried at Dayr Mārī Antonios in the chapel of the Creatures of the Apocalypse.
The Australian Coptic Orthodox anchorite Lazarus El Anthony currently lives at Mount Colzim.
See also
Anthony the Great
Chronology of early Christian monasticism
References
Mountains associated with Christian monasticism
Red Sea Governorate
Mountains of Egypt
Anthony the Great
Christian pilgrimage sites
Maciej Hen (born 13 June 1955 in Warsaw) is a Polish writer, translator and journalist.
Life
Maciej Hen is a son of a Polish writer Józef Hen and the late pedagogue and Russian teacher Irena Lebewal from Navariya near Lvov. Both of his parents are of Jewish origin. He attended (but in 1974 left just before the final examination) The National Art High School in Warsaw and in 1979 he completed his studies at the cinematography department of the National Film School in Łódź. On various occasions he worked as a camera operator, a director of photography and a director of documentary films, a still photographer and a photojournalist, a screenwriter, an actor, a journalist, a musician, an English translator and a TV lighting designer. As a journalist he published articles among others in the newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza.
Career
In 2004, under the pen name Maciej Nawariak, he published his first novel According to Her. In 2015 his second historical novel, Solfatara, appeared and next year it was awarded The Witold Gombrowicz Literary Prize and the title of Book of the Year of the Warsaw Premiere of Literature, as well as shortlisted for Angelus Award. In 2019, Hen's third novel, Deutsch for Intermediates, was published by Wydawnictwo Literackie.
Awards
2016 The title of Book of the Year of the Warsaw Premiere of Literature
2016 The Witold Gombrowicz Literary Prize
2016 shortlisted for The Angelus Award
2016 shortlisted for The Norwid Award
Books
Według niej (According to Her). Warsaw: Wydawnictwo Due. 2004 . Under the pen name Maciej Nawariak
Solfatara. Warsaw: Wydawnictwo W.A.B. 2015
Deutsh dla średnio zaawansowanych (Deutsch for Intermediates). Krakow: Wydawnictwo Literackie. 2018
Beatlesi w Polsce (The Beatles in Poland). Warsaw: Wydawnictwo Agora 2021.
Filmography
1962: Jadą goście jadą [Guests are coming'] – actor
1968: Dzieci z naszej szkoły – actor
1984: Rozalka Olaboga – in part camera operator
1986: Z nakazu serca i rozumu – director of photography
1991: Pogranicze w ogniu – actor
1998: Sprawa Martyniki – script
2006: Fotografie Mojego taty – director, director of photography and music composer
2008: Mata Hari znad Wisły – director, in part director of photography
2013: Zdjęcie od Nasierowskiej, czyli życie wielokrotnie spełnione – in part director of photography
2016: "Nie płacz kiedy odjadę" ‒ in part director of photography
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
20th-century Polish novelists
Polish male novelists
Writers from Warsaw
21st-century Polish novelists
Irina Konstantinovna Kakhovskaya (15 August 1887, Tarashcha, Kiev Governorate – 1 March 1960, Maloyaroslavets, Kaluga Oblast) was a Russian revolutionary, a representative of the Left Socialist-Revolutionaries, organizer of the assassination of the commander of the occupation forces in Ukraine, Field Marshal Hermann von Eichhorn in 1918, grandniece of the Decembrist Pyotr Kakhovsky.
Biography
She was born into the family of a land surveyor and a national teacher. From 28 August 1897 to 25 May 1903, she studied at the Mariinsky Institute for Orphans of Noble Birth in Saint Petersburg, from which she graduated with a silver medal. Then she entered the historical and philological department of the Women's Pedagogical Institute.
Since 1905, she was carried away by revolutionary ideas after she heard the speech of Maxim Gorky. Thanks to her acquaintance with Alexandra Kollontai, for some time she supported the ideas of social democracy and briefly sided with the Bolsheviks in Saint Petersburg, becoming secretary of their local district organisation. Soon Kakhovskaya changed her views and joined the far-left Union of Socialist Revolutionary Maximalists. In the summer of 1906, she carried on revolutionary propaganda among the peasants in the villages of the Samara Governorate.
On 28 April 1907 she was first arrested in St. Petersburg by the Okhrana. The St. Petersburg Military District Court on 7 March 1908 sentenced her to hard labour for a period of 20 years. When the verdict was approved, the term was reduced to 15 years. She served her sentence first in the Novinsky Women's Prison in Moscow, then was sent to the Maltsev Prison of the Nerchinsk katorga in Transbaikal, where she arrived on 16 July 1908. The famous Shesterka, the "Six" Socialist Revolutionary women (Maria Spiridonova, Anastasia Bitsenko, , Revekka Fialka, Lydia Yezerskaya, Maria Shkolnik) were already in the Nerchinsk katorga: their slow train journey across Russia in 1906 had lasted around a month and turned into a kind of triumphal progress. She formed a special friendship with Spiridonova and Izmailovich, a bond of political and personal sisterhood that would last throughout their lives.
Kakhovskaya described the prison situation as follows:
To support her daughter, Kakhovskaya's mother moved to Siberia, illegally handing letters to political convicts. In 1914, Irina Kakhovskaya was amnestied, but remained in Transbaikal, where she collaborated with Maria Spiridonova in the creation of the Chita Committee of the Party of Socialist Revolutionaries after the outbreak of the 1917 February Revolution. In May they both traveled from Siberia to Moscow along with other former prison companions to attend the party 3rd National Congress. They were greeted with ovations, but none of them were elected to the governing Central Committee. In the aftermath of the October Revolution Kakhovskaya participated in the secession of the Left Socialist-Revolutionaries from their old party, and represented them in the presidium of the Second All–Russian Congress of Soviets.
After the Central Committee of the new party resolved to resume the "terrorist fight" against the implementation of the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk in 1918, Irina Kakhovskaya and her friend and party comrade Boris Donskoy were tasked with preparing an attempt on the life of Field Marshal Hermann von Eichhorn, who led the German military occupation in Ukraine, as well as on puppet Hetman Pavlo Skoropadskyi's. During June, Kakhovskaya and Donskoy conducted surveillance, trying to establish the most successful time and place for the murder of the German Marshal, who was considered a ruthless tyrant. It was decided that Donskoy would kill him. The historian Margaret Maxwell wrote that for a Narodnik-inspired revolutionary murder was regarded as a possible tragic necessity that could desirably be atoned for by the revolutionary's own death. On 30 July, Donskoy met a stranger who asked to show him the direction to the residence of General Eichhorn. Donskoy followed him, after a while there was an explosion: Eichhorn was killed. Kakhovskaya decided to fulfill the order to the end and kill the hetman, which was scheduled for the funeral of the German General, but Skoropadsky left the funeral before her arrival. After the failure, Kakhovskaya with two comrades went to spend the night in a country house, where she was ambushed by the Germans. She was tortured and interrogated and then sent to prison and sentenced to death. While awaiting the approval of the verdict by the Kaiser, she spent several months in the German Commandant's Office at the Lukyanovskaya Prison. During her imprisonment, the November Revolution began in Germany, but she was only released on 24 January 1919, after several campaigns in support of her liberation.
In 1919, she was arrested by the Cheka, but was released two months later thanks to the intervention of Lenin, as it became known that she was plotting the assassination of General Denikin, an enemy of both parties. Denikin's assassination never took place due to the fact that her assistants fell ill with typhus. In Rostov, where the attempt was to take place, Irina continued to promote the ideas of Left Socialist Revolutionaries.
After arriving in Moscow, she too suffered from typhus and was arrested again at the beginning of 1921: despite the fact that she was already sitting in Butyrka prison during the Kronstadt rebellion, she was found guilty of complicity in it and sentenced to exile in Kaluga in 1922.
In 1923 her memoir of the attacks on Eichorn and Denikin appeared in Berlin and was later translated into French and published in Paris with a foreword by Romain Rolland.
In March 1925, Kakhovskaya was arrested yet again under the charge not only of trying to revive the left–wing Socialist Revolutionary organization in Kaluga, but also of ideological leadership of the student organization "Revolutionary Avant–Garde". A special session at the Collegium of the Joint State Political Directorate (OGPU) condemned Kakhovskaya to 3 years in a concentration camp with a replacement for expulsion to Vyatka for the same period. But at the request of Ekaterina Peshkova, instead of Vyatka, she was sent to Stavropol on the Volga, and from there she was transferred to Samarkand, where she joined up with Maria Spiridonova and Alexandra Izmailovich, who were previously exiled there. Their term of exile having been extended, in 1928 Kakhovskaya, Izmailovich and Spiridonova moved to Tashkent, where they earned a living by technical translations from English, and gave private lessons.
In the early 1930s, they were re-arrested and exiled to Ufa, where they formed a sort of commune, also including Spiridonova's husband, , his invalid father and teenaged son, and Kakhovskaya's elderly aunt. In February 1937, the whole group was hauled in by the NKVD and detained for several months under the charge of havig attempted to create a united counterrevolutionary centre and having carried out terrorist acts against the Communist leaders of Bashkiria. While they were held and subjected to harsh interrogations, however, "the entire Bashkir government itself was arrested, so charges of plots against Stalin and Politburo member Klementi Voroshilov were substituted." On 25 December 1937, in a closed session of the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of the Soviet Union on the fabricated case of the–Union Socialist Revolutionary Center, Kakhovskaya was sentenced to 10 years in prison. Izmailovich was also sentenced to 10 years, Spiridonova to 25. According to Kakhovskaya's report, her own hearing lasted no longer than seven minutes. All three refused either to confess anything or to accuse anybody. Mayorov alone was forced into tearfully signing a guilty confession under the threat of sentencing his sick father and young son to hard labour. Izmailovich, Spiridonova and Mayorov were to be executed by order of Stalin in 1941 in the Medvedevsky Forest massacre
After a short stay in the Yaroslavl and Vladimir prisons, in 1939, Kakhovskaya was sent to the Krasnoyarsk Camp, where for 7 years she worked exclusively in general work: forestry and agricultural work. She was released in February 1947, lived in Kansk, where she was last arrested in early January 1948, was held in the Krasnoyarsk Prison, after which in 1949, she was returned to Kansk as an exile. In total, she spent forty–five years in prison and exile. In 1954, she was released from exile, in 1955, she moved to Maloyaroslavets, where she was engaged, among other things, in translating the fairy tale by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry The Little Prince (unpublished).
In 1957, she was rehabilitated in the 1937 case, as was Izmailovich, but steadfast Kakhovskaya kept insisting in vain on the full rehabilitation of both her slain comrades. In November 1958, at the age of 71, she would have a memoir she called Notes and Explanations ("Zapiski i Zaiavleniia") sent on to the Central Committee of the Communist party, to the Council of Ministers, and to the Office of the Public Prosecutor, with the sole aim of keeping alive the memory of her comrades' late years. It was mainly her credit that this memory was not completely lost. Notwithstanding, Alexandra Izmailovich was fully rehabilitated only in 1989, and "not until 1990 were the 1941 charges against Spiridonova rescinded [...] Finally, in 1992, [she] was exonerated of the charges for which she had been imprisoned and exiled beginning in 1918, and was fully rehabilitated." The exact burial place of the Medvedevsky Forest victims has never been found.
Kakhovskaya died in Maloyaroslavets in 1960 from liver cancer.
Family
Father – Konstantin Kakhovsky (? – 1890).
Mother – Augusta Fedorovna.
Memories of Irina Kakhovskaya
The theorist of Socialist Revolutionary Maximalism Grigory Nestroev wrote:
Selected works
I. Kakhovskaya:
Previously distributed as samizdat, it was later reported, in an abridged English translation entitled "Our Fate", in )
References
Sources
1887 births
1960 deaths
Soviet translators
Russian translators
20th-century translators
Translators from French
Left socialist-revolutionaries
Russian memoirists
Soviet rehabilitations
Deaths from liver cancer
Female revolutionaries
Nurobod District may refer to:
Nurobod District, Tajikistan in the Region of Republican Subordination of Tajikistan
Nurobod District, Uzbekistan in the Samarqand Province of Uzbekistan
District name disambiguation pages
Scopula modicaria is a moth of the family Geometridae. It was described by John Henry Leech in 1897. It is found in China, the Russian Far East, Korea and Japan.
The wingspan is .
References
Moths described in 1897
Moths of Asia
Moths of Korea
Moths of Japan
modicaria
Taxa named by John Henry Leech
Sonja Buckley (June 13, 1918 – February 2, 2005) was a Swiss-born virologist. She was the first person to culture Lassa virus, the causative agent of Lassa fever, a potentially deadly disease that originated in Africa.
Biography
Sonja Grob was born in Zurich, Switzerland. In 1941, she married Dr. John J. Buckley, a pathologist who was also studying in Zurich.
Sonja Buckley was awarded her medical degree in 1944 from the University of Zurich, and she was later a microbiology instructor there.
With her husband, she emigrated to the United States in 1947, as both of them had already arranged to work at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore. Her first research "assignment was to study the spread of the polio virus in East Baltimore neighborhoods".
After working as a research assistant at Johns Hopkins for a short time, she joined the Sloan-Kettering Institute in New York City where she was chosen to head the solid tumor program in 1949. In 1957, she joined the Rockefeller Foundation to work in the foundation's virus laboratories. In 1964, those labs were transferred to Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut and became known as the Arbovirus Research Unit.
Buckley became interested in Lassa fever (Lassa mammarenavirus) after an outbreak of the unknown virus occurred in Nigeria in Africa in 1969 that was responsible for outbreaks of hemorrhagic fever. Specimens were sent to four different laboratories, including the Arbovirus Research Unit, where virologists attempted to isolate the causative agent, but Buckley was the first to do so, working with her team, which included Wilbur Downs and Jordi Casals-Ariet,
Sonja Buckley retired from Yale in 1994, and died February 2, 2005 at the age of 86. A daughter, Sonja Mary Buckley, died as a youmg child in 1943, and her husband died in 1987.
Selected publications
Buckley, Sonja M., Elinor Whitney, and Fred Rapp. "Identification by fluorescent antibody of developmental forms of psittacosis virus in tissue culture." Proceedings of the Society for Experimental Biology and Medicine 90.1 (1955): 226-230.
Buckley, Sonja M. "Propagation, Cytopathogenicity, and Hemagglutination-Hemadsorption of Some Arthropodborne Viruses in Tissue Culture." NYASA 81.1 (1959): 172-187.
Buckley, Sonja M. "Susceptibility of the Aedes albopictus and A. aegypti cell lines to infection with arboviruses." Proceedings of the Society for Experimental Biology and Medicine 131.2 (1969): 625-630.
Buckley, Sonja M., and Jordi Casals. "Lassa fever, a new virus disease of man from West Africa." The American journal of tropical medicine and hygiene 19.4 (1970): 680-691.
Buckley, Sonja M., Jordi Casals, and Wilbur G. Downs. "Isolation and antigenic characterization of Lassa virus." Nature 227.5254 (1970): 174-174.
Cunningham, Ann, et al. "Isolation of chikungunya virus contaminating an Aedes albopictus cell line." Journal of General Virology 27.1 (1975): 97-100.
Buckley, Sonja M. "Arbovirus infection of vertebrate and insect cell cultures, with special emphasis on Mokola, Obodhiang, and kotonkan viruses of the rabies serogroup." Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences 266 (1975): 241-250.
References
Swiss virologists
1918 births
2005 deaths
Rockefeller University people
Swiss emigrants to the United States
Swiss women scientists
Derryadd () is a hamlet and townland in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. It is within the Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon Borough Council area, on the southern shores of Lough Neagh. In the 2001 Census it had a population of 201 people.
Ardmore Primary School closed in 2006 due to low pupil numbers.
References
External links
NI Neighbourhood Information System
Townlands of County Armagh
The Canton of Mordelles is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the centre-west of the department. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 6 communes, and its population was 28,711 in 2012.
References
Former cantons of Ille-et-Vilaine
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Brittany region articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
National Basketball League (Indonesia)
Rookie Player
{{safesubst:#invoke:RfD|||month = September
|day = 25
|year = 2022
|time = 13:42
|timestamp = 20220925134206
|content=
REDIRECT 2020 United States presidential election
}}
Campus Radio Online was a Metro Manila FM radio station and Internet radio station provided by a joint venture of two veteran former Campus Radio DJs (John Hendrix and the Triggerman) and Pangasinan-based eRadioPortal powered by Bitstop Network Services. The main format was Top 40/CHR and OPM.
This was previously heard on DWLS-FM from 1992 to 2007 (now known as Barangay LS 97.1), and then on DWRT-FM from March to August 2008.
Most Campus Radio provincial stations in the Philippines, under GMA Network subsidiary RGMA, however, continue to exist as Hot AC ("masa") stations (later rebranded as Barangay FM provincial stations on February 17, 2014 to become a single brand of all RGMA FM radio stations).
History
DWLS-FM (1992-2007)
When GMA was renamed as the "Rainbow Satellite Network" in early 1992, the station was reformatted on April 30, 1992 as Campus Radio 97.1 WLS FM, with a Top 40 format. This was to target teens & early adults. Its notable programs were the longest-running program on the station, the legendary "Top 20 at 12" (anchored by Milo Cavarlez aka The Triggerman, which was first heard on Kiss FM 101.1 (now 101.1 Yes The Best), where the top 20 songs of the day were counted down in the mold of BBC Radio 1's The Official Chart Show at noontime, and "Campus Aircheck", an institution of sorts for aspiring DJs to get hired by Campus Radio, touted as "the first school on the air".
In 1995, when Mike Enriquez took over the radio operations, Campus Radio was reformatted to a contemporary MOR format, earning its slogan "Forever!". At this time, a few programs were introduced, notably the Message Center, wherein one's message must not be a greeting. By the end of 1999, it shifted back to Top 40. During their heydays as an English-language radio station, they used jingles designed for the station by JAM Creative Productions.
As Campus 99.5 (2008)
The Campus branding was resurfaced to the 99.5 frequency as 99.5 Campus FM on Easter Sunday, March 23, 2008, with some of the announcers coming from Barangay LS 97.1 (formerly "Campus Radio 97.1") and some of the retained Hit FM jocks. The new incarnation of 99.5 reflected the spirit of the former Campus Radio. Early in May, 2008, it was renamed Campus 99.5. The on-air format was essentially the same, with familiar programs and segments and jocks from Campus Radio 97.1 re-introduced later on.
On the afternoon of August 14 at 4:00 pm, the management abruptly discontinued Campus 99.5, due to management difficulties. The station then switched to an automated all-music format with only pre-recorded station ID's played intermittently between songs. The BrewRats program continued on its usual schedule until August 21, after which it went on a one-week hiatus. On August 24, a new set of stingers announced that a new format and station image would be premiered in days before the station itself reverted to 99.5 RT on September 1, 2008.
As an Internet station (2009-2011)
After several months, Campus Radio returned, this time as an Internet station since March 2009. It was officially relaunched during the U.P. Fair at the UP Diliman. The station is currently inactive.
References
External links
Campus Radio Online at PinoyExchange
1986 establishments in the Philippines
Defunct radio stations in Metro Manila
Internet radio stations in the Philippines
Radio stations established in 1986
Radio stations disestablished in 2008
Madannapet is a locality in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Commercial area
There are many shops and a big vegetable market called as Madannapet mandi, which is quite popular among people of surrounding suburbs.
There is also a popular fish market situated near the vegetable market at the third gate. Many people visit and buy the fresh fish and seafood. It is crowded on Sundays.
An old Eidgahs (recognized by TS Wakf Board) is in this area.
Transport
TSRTC connects Madannapet with all parts of the city.
The closest MMTS Train station is at Yakutpura.
References
Neighbourhoods in Hyderabad, India
Eleanor Moody-Shepherd is the Dean of Students at New York Theological Seminary and a Professor of Women Studies at New York at the Seminary. Eleanor is a researcher and teacher in areas of domestic violence, women leadership and women in the bible. She is an organizer for international travel study seminars to the Holy Land, Africa, and other parts of the world. She co-organizes trips to the southern part of the United States of America for the study of history, the Civil Rights Movement, and southern religious teaches. Moody-Shepherd is an educational consultant, preacher, and motivational speaker.
She is an author, and a co-author of “Bringing the City to Light: Pastoral Formation in a Multicultural Urban Context,” with Martha Jacobs and Rebeca Radillo. It is published in the book Equipping the Saints: Best Practices in Contextual Education.
The New York Theological Seminary has a resource center for women named after Dr. Eleanor Moody Shepherd.
She is an ordained Minister with the Presbyterian Church, USA.
Early life
She grew up in Alabama where she learned survival and resourceful skills living in struggle. She participated in the Civil Rights Movement in the 1950s and 1960s.
Education
Tuskegee University
Alabama State University
State University of New York
BA Vassar College
MS Long Island University
M.Div. New York Theological Seminary
Ed.D. Teachers College, Columbia University
Career
Eleanor Moody-Shepherd is the Dean of Students for the New York Theological Seminary which was founded in 1900. It was known as the Biblical Seminary. In 1966 it became the New York Theological Seminary. She is also a Professor of Women Studies at the Seminary. The New York Theological Seminary is known for having a diverse student body and urban ministry.
The New York Theological Seminary Women's Center was renamed Eleanor Moody-Shepherd Women's Resource Center to honor Dr. Shepherd. and the launching of the Birthing Center Think Tank for Women. A free one Day forum was held entitled 'Thinking Outside of the Womb that included the voices of students, family friends, faculty, churches and partnering institutions as they birthed the women's Birthing Think Center Think Tank for Women, so-as to empower women in strengthening relationships between women, men, and children in their communities. The Resource Center for Women was founded in 1986.
The Eleanor Moody-Shepherd Resource Center for Women in Ministry was founded in 1986. It provides fellowship events, learning experiences and programs. It is an organizing forum for women of diverse ethnic backgrounds.
Moody-Shepherd has written a chapter in the book; New Feminist Christianity: Many Voices, Many Views By Mary E. Hunt, Diann L. Neu, called Our Voices Loud and Clear.
She is a co-author of Evangelical Coalitions for Justice Evangelicals and Empire: Christian Alternatives to the Political Status Quo with Bruce Ellis Benson, Peter Goodwin Heltzel.
The Red Tent Project was launched by the Eleanor Moody-Shepherd Resource Center for Women in Ministry.
References
External links
Rev Dr Eleanor Moody Shepherd Lecture
Women's TV - Dr Moody Shepherd
Teaching Bible in the City Roundtable
Moody shephard 5 years ago
Dr. Eleanor Moody-Shepherd discusses the collaboration with New York Theological Seminary and New York Theological Education Center
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
New York Theological Seminary alumni
Vassar College alumni
Long Island University alumni
Teachers College, Columbia University alumni
Women civil rights activists
American women writers
African-American women academics
African-American academics
Education activists
American anti-racism activists
Activists for African-American civil rights
African-American activists
American women's rights activists
American civil rights activists
Female biblical scholars
Christian feminist biblical scholars
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
African-American women writers
Mera is a town in the eastern foothills of the Ecuadorian Andes. It is also the name of the Canton in Pastaza Province of which it is a part.
It lends its name to Shell Mera, a larger town 4 miles to the east.
Aerial photograph of Mera
Populated places in Pastaza Province
Toth Nunataks () is a small group of isolated nunataks located 17 nautical miles (31 km) north-northwest of Mount Coman in Palmer Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–67. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Stephen R. Toth, glaciologist at Byrd Station, summer 1965–66.
Nunataks of Palmer Land
Traitor's Ford is a ford on the River Stour, in the English county of Warwickshire close to its border with Oxfordshire. It is about outside Brailes and half a mile from the village of Sibford Gower, and is on the route of the Macmillan Way long distance footpath. The ford can be seen in the film, Three Men and a Little Lady.
Immediately to the north of the ford, the modern road of Traitor's Ford Lane meets with Ditchedge Lane, a track that is believed to be an ancient trading route. One theory for the naming of the ford is that the name was originally Trader's Ford, named because of its location on this trading route.
Another theory is that a traitor was hung here following the Civil War battle of Edgehill, when several local Parliamentarian sympathisers were executed by Royalists.
References
External links
Tourist attractions in Warwickshire
G. Sarsfield Ford (September 6, 1933 – May 19, 2013) was an American jurist.
Born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, Ford graduated from the University of Notre Dame. He then received his law degree from Georgetown University Law Center and was admitted to the Connecticut Bar. He practiced law in Bridgeport, Connecticut. In 1973, he was appointed to the Connecticut Superior Court, and later held the office of Chief Administrative Judge for the Connecticut Judicial Marshal Services.
Early years
After graduating from St Patrick's School in 1951, Ford attended high school at Fairfield College Preparatory School, Connecticut. Following graduation from the University of Notre Dame, he became a law graduate from the Georgetown University in 1958 and joined the Connecticut Bar in February 1959.
Career span
Ford worked for law firms like the Keogh and Candee in Norwalk and the Bridgeport law firm of Clancy and Kenney, also becoming a partner in the latter. 1962 saw his appointment to public defender in Fairfield County and Superior Court Judge in 1973, as designated by Governor Thomas J. Meskill. He became a Senior Judge in 2003. Judge Ford, reputed for his "fair but firm" justice, has been described as "Mr. Clean in a black robe".
Notable cases
In 1967 Ford was assistant public defender for Harlis Miller, in a case that had national coverage.
In 1987 Ford presided over the trial of serial killer Michael Ross. The accounts of Karen Clarke of The Day are stored at the Connecticut State Library in Hartford.
In 1997 Ford was the sole dissenter in the 11-1 censure vote of Harold H. Dean, at the time the state's most senior Superior Court judge.
In 2000 Ford presided on the Adrian Peeler case and also split Adrian Peeler's case from his brother Russell Peeler, due to evidence in the shooting of the witnesses. Ford also presided on the case against Russell Peeler who was found guilty of ordering two murders. Ford's imposition of a life sentence when the jury deadlocked on a decision on the death penalty was later overturned in 2004 by the Connecticut Supreme Court which ordered a new sentencing hearing after appeal by the prosecutors on the case. The conviction, itself, was upheld. At a new sentencing hearing in 2007, Russell Peeler was sentenced to death, and later, in 2016, became the second formerly condemned prisoner resentenced to life in prison after Connecticut abolished the death penalty for already sentenced prisoners in 2015.
Said Ford at Russell Peeler's sentencing: He doesn't deserve any consideration. He cannot be expected to be rehabilitated and be put back on the street and stay away from the criminal element. ... I'd be a fool to expect that.
In 2001, Ford presided over an unusual incident where a not guilty verdict was delivered but the accused had fled the courthouse.
Notes
1933 births
2013 deaths
Lawyers from Bridgeport, Connecticut
University of Notre Dame alumni
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Connecticut state court judges
20th-century American judges
20th-century American lawyers
Calling All Cars is a 1954 short film directed by Maclean Rogers, starring Cardew Robinson and John Fitzgerald. The film also features Spike Milligan voicing the thoughts of "Freddie", an old taxicab featured in the film. Something of a curiosity, the film is a strange mixture of semi-documentary about the port of Dover and a comedy about two young men (Robinson and Fitzgerald) who decide to chat up two girls and follow them to Dover in an old cab.
The former 'Fantail' restaurant building, where the two principal actresses stop for tea, en route to Dover, still stands in Locksbottom, Kent.
Cast
Spike Milligan as Freddie, The Taxi (voice)
Cardew Robinson as Reggie Ramsbottom
John Fitzgerald as Tom Lester
Adrienne Scott as Beryl Grant
Pauline Olsen as Marjorie Grant
Margot Bryant as Mrs. Flit
Gloria Brett as Mavis Grant
External links
1954 films
Films directed by Maclean Rogers
British comedy films
1954 comedy films
British black-and-white films
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
Iambia thwaitesii is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1885.
Distribution
It is found in India, Sri Lanka, Kenya and Nigeria.
Description
Its wingspan is about 30 mm. The body is pale brown, but the head and thorax are marked with black. Palpi with a very short third joint. The male lacks tufts of hair on the claspers. Male without a cleft corneous ridge on vertex of head. Antennae minutely ciliated in male. Forewings with pale brown, irrorated (sprinkled) and blotched with black. The sub-basal line is obscured by black blotches. Antemedial and postmedial double lines reduced to series of striae. Postmedial lines are suffused with diffused black inside it. Reniform is black and ill-defined. There is a broad sub-marginal waved black band form costa to vein 4. A marginal series of prominent black spots. Hindwing dark fuscous. Ventral side of hindwing with cell-spot and postmedial line. Some specimens have more variegated chestnut and dark brown forewings. Orbicular and reniform fuscous. The apical part of the submarginal band forming a prominent black patch.
References
Amphipyrinae
It's My Day is the fifth album by Fiona Sit, and was released on April 18, 2008. After one and a half years since Electric Angel, Sit created her debut Mandarin album after mastering the dialect.
Track listing
It's My Day
黑色淚滴 (Black Tears)
一個人失憶 (One Person's Memory)
復刻回憶 (Overcoming Memories, Duet with Khalil Fong)
愛麗絲的第一次 (Alice's first Time)
我不需要TIFFANY (I don't need Tiffany)
半路 (Halfway)
找到天使了 (Finding the Angel)
Red is...
新不了情 (Endless Love, theme song of the series in the same name.)
2008 albums
Fiona Sit albums
David Twersky (February 19, 1950 – July 16, 2010) was a journalist, Zionist activist, and peace advocate in Israel and the United States. He was an editor for The Jewish Daily Forward and The New York Sun and a leader of the American Jewish Congress.
Biography
David Twerksy was born and raised in the Bronx, New York, where he grew up in the left-leaning Sholem Aleichem cooperative housing project. He attended Ramaz School in Manhattan and was active in the Labor Zionist youth movement Habonim. He attended City College of New York. In 1974, Twersky made aliyah (emigrated to Israel) and helped to re-establish Kibbutz Gezer. Twersky died of cancer on July 16, 2010, at the age of 60 in his home in West Orange, New Jersey.
Journalism career
In Israel, Twersky worked for the Labor Party's international affairs department, where he dealt with the Socialist International. He edited Shdemot, the literary journal of the kibbutz movement, and Spectrum, an English-language political monthly. Twersky served in an artillery unit during the 1982 Lebanon War.
Twersky returned to the U.S. in 1986 and became a full-time journalist. When the Yiddish Forverts started an English-language edition in 1990, he became deputy editor and Washington bureau chief. During his seven years at The Forward, Twersky was responsible for breaking many news stories. One of his best-known stories involved President Bill Clinton's associate Johnnetta B. Cole, who had been suggested as a possible nominee for Secretary of Education, and the fact that she had served on the national committee of the Venceremos Brigade. Another of Twersky's stories brought to light some views of Lani Guinier, a law professor whom Clinton had nominated to be Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights; those opinions were considered controversial and her nomination was withdrawn.
After leaving The Forward, Twersky became editor of the New Jersey Jewish News. Later he joined The New York Sun as foreign editor and columnist. Twersky also worked as director of international affairs for the American Jewish Congress.
References
Further reading
External links
David Twersky archive at The Jewish Daily Forward
David Twersky archive at The New York Sun
1950 births
2010 deaths
American male journalists
American emigrants to Israel
Deaths from cancer in New Jersey
City College of New York alumni
People from West Orange, New Jersey
Ramaz School alumni
Tomáš Doležal (born September 29, 1990) is a Czech professional ice hockey centre. He is currently playing for HC ZUBR Přerov of the Chance Liga.
Doležal previously played with HC Slavia Praha and HC Litvínov in the Czech Extraliga.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
HC Berounští Medvědi players
Czech ice hockey centres
BK Havlíčkův Brod players
HC Kobra Praha players
HC Litvínov players
HC Most players
HC ZUBR Přerov players
HC Slavia Praha players
HC Stadion Litoměřice players
People from Jyväskylä
Dick Cooke in a former American college baseball coach, who served primarily as the head coach of the Davidson Wildcats baseball program. He was named to that position prior to the 1991 season, and is the winningest and longest-serving baseball coach in school history.
Playing career
Cooke played at Richmond, earning three varsity letters as a left-handed pitcher. After graduating with a degree in journalism in 1978, he spent three years in the Boston Red Sox organization at class-A, appearing in 85 games with a 2.95 ERA.
Coaching career
A few years after ending his playing career, Cooke accepted a position as assistant coach at Richmond, where he remained for five seasons. He departed to become assistant athletic director and head baseball coach at Belmont Abbey in 1989, where he re-instituted the baseball program that had been discontinued at the varsity level 17 years earlier. After two years with the Crusaders, he accepted the head coaching position at Davidson. In his time with the Wildcats, ten players have been selected in the Major League Baseball Draft. Cooke has also worked with USA Baseball, serving as an auxiliary coach at the 2000 Olympic Games and 2008 Olympic Games. In the summer of 2012, Cooke was named chairman of the NCAA Baseball Rules Committee. Just a month later, the car Cooke was driving was struck by another vehicle, leaving him with serious head injuries. After the 2013 season, Cooke was honored with the CollegeBaseballInsider.com's Tom Walter Inspiration Award. Cooke resigned following the 2018 season.
Head coaching record
The table below lists Cooke's record as a head coach at the Division I level.
See also
References
Living people
Baseball players from New Jersey
Belmont Abbey Crusaders baseball coaches
Davidson Wildcats baseball coaches
Sportspeople from Point Pleasant, New Jersey
Richmond Spiders baseball coaches
Richmond Spiders baseball players
Winston-Salem Red Sox players
Winter Haven Red Sox players
1956 births
Mirella Lapata FRSE is a computer scientist and Professor in the School of Informatics at the University of Edinburgh. Working on the general problem of extracting semantic information from large bodies of text, Lapata develops computer algorithms and models in the field of natural language processing (NLP).
Education
Lapata obtained an Master of Arts (MA) degree from Carnegie Mellon University and subsequently earned a doctorate from the University of Edinburgh. Lapata's doctoral research investigated the acquisition of information from polysemous linguistic units using probabilistic methods supervised by , Chris Brew and Steve Finch.
Career and research
After her doctorate, Lapata assumed academic positions at Saarland University and at the Department of Computer Science at the University of Sheffield. At the University of Edinburgh she became a reader in the School of Informatics where she is a full Professor and holds a personal chair in natural language processing. Lapata is a member of the Human Communication Research Center and Institute for Language, Cognition and Computation, both in Edinburgh.
Between 2015 and 2017, Lapata served as a member of the Royal Society Machine Learning Working Group. Recently Lapata was granted a European Research Council (ERC) Consolidator Grant worth €1.9M to fund five years of her project, TransModal: Translating from Multiple Modalities into Text.
Awards and honors
In 2009 Lapata became the first recipient of the Microsoft British Computer Society (BCS)/BCS IRSG Karen Spärck Jones Award. The award recognizes achievement in furthering the progress in information retrieval and natural language processing; the award commemorates the life and work of Karen Spärck Jones.
In 2012 Lapata won an Empirical Method in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP)-CoNLL 2012 Best Reviewer Award.
In 2018 Lapata was awarded, alongside Li Dong, an Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL) Best Paper Honorable Mention.
In 2019 Lapata was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
In 2020 Lapata was elected to the Academia Europaea.
References
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish women scientists
British women computer scientists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Carnegie Mellon University alumni
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Members of Academia Europaea
Computer scientists
Women computer scientists
Natural language processing researchers
The 2011–12 Top League Challenge Series was the 2011–12 edition of the Top League Challenge Series, a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan, in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2012–13 season. The competition was contested from 25 December 2011 to 11 February 2012.
Canon Eagles and Kyuden Voltex won promotion to the 2012–13 Top League, while Kubota Spears and Toyota Industries Shuttles progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Competition rules and information
The top two teams from the regional Top East League, Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series. The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1, while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2. The winner of Challenge 2 also progressed to a four-team Challenge 1.
The top two teams in Challenge 1 won automatic promotion to the 2012–13 Top League, while the third and fourth-placed teams qualified to the promotion play-offs.
Qualification
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2011 regional leagues.
Top West League
The final standings for the 2011 Top West League were:
Toyota Industries Shuttles qualified for Challenge 1.
Chubu Electric Power qualified for Challenge 2.
Top East League
The final standings for the 2011 Top East League were:
Canon Eagles qualified for Challenge 1.
Kubota Spears qualified for Challenge 2.
Top Kyūshū League
The final standings for the 2011 Top Kyūshū League were:
JR Kyūshū Thunders, Kyuden Voltex and Mazda Blue Zoomers qualified to the Second Phase.
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries and Mitsubishi Mizushima were relegated to lower leagues.
Kyuden Voltex qualified for Challenge 1.
JR Kyūshū Thunders qualified for Challenge 2.
Challenge 1
Standings
The final standings for the 2011–12 Top League Challenge 1 were:
Canon Eagles and Kyuden Voltex won promotion to the 2012–13 Top League.
Kubota Spears and Toyota Industries Shuttles progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2011–12 Top League Challenge 1:
Challenge 2
Standings
The final standings for the 2011–12 Top League Challenge 2 were:
Kubota Spears progressed to Challenge 1.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2011–12 Top League Challenge 2:
See also
2011–12 Top League
Top League Challenge Series
References
2011-12 Challenge
2011–12 in Japanese rugby union
2011–12 rugby union tournaments for clubs
The Grand Island East Channel Light is a lighthouse located just north of Munising, Michigan and was intended to lead boats from Lake Superior through the channel east of Grand Island into the Munising Harbor. Constructed of wood, the light first opened for service in 1868. The light was very hard to see from Lake Superior, and light maintenance was very difficult so the Munising Range Lights were constructed (Munising Rear Range Light, Munising Front Range Light) and this light was removed from service in 1908 or 1913 (sources vary).
The lighthouse was severely neglected, and was in danger of being washed away due to erosion. The Grand Island East Channel Lighthouse Rescue Committee was officially formed. Private fund raising was undertaken. Restoration efforts (albeit in "rustic form" not pristine as it was in service) were undertaken. The theory for the lack of paint is that it is more picturesque and attractive to tourists and passing photographers.
As two commentators, lamenting the possible loss of this unique light station, noted in Lighthouse Digest:
It is seen and photographed by thousands of tourists via the Picture Rocks Cruises and Grand Island Charters Glass Bottom Boat tours which make it their first stop on their numerous tours. It appears on sweatshirts, tee-shirts, coffee mugs, post cards, advertisements, and calendars. It is positively one of Michigan's most recognizable landmarks. . . .
In 2000, 85 volunteers worked steadily for thirty days, and completed 75% of a seawall to protect the light.
In 2000, the light has been restored and the wall completed.
It is part of a listing on the National Register of Historic Places, Reference #80004835. Name of Listing: HISTORIC ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIAL SITES IN MICHIGAN TR. It is not listed on the state registry.
Access
The most common way to see the light is to take either of the cruises out of Munising (Shipwreck Tour or Pictured Rocks tour), or Grand Island Cruises, all of which pass by this light and pause for photographers. Alternatively, sea kayak tours of Grand Island are a good way to see this light. Daily trips are available from Memorial Day weekend through October 10. Sea Kayaking is a popular method of exploring the island and is the best way to see it, although it is a serious trip in dangerous and cold water, which should not be undertaken lightly or without proper equipment (dress for the water temperature, not the air temperature). Guides are available. The most efficient port of entry for a sea kayak is from the harbor at Munising.
Out of Munising, Shipwreck Tours and Pictured Rocks Cruises offer boat tours that pass closely by this lighthouse. The ferry to tour Grand Island is available, but does not pass by either Grand Island lighthouses. They are located on private property and are not accessible.
The lighthouse is owned privately, and the grounds, dwelling and tower are closed.
See also
Lighthouses in the United States
References
Further reading
Most Endangered Lighthouse: Grand Island, East Channel Lighthouse, (November, 1999) Lighthouse Digest.
Harrison, Timothy and Case, Chris, Last Chance for Grand Island East Channel Light (January, 2000) Lighthouse Digest.
New Products Help Grand Island East Channel Light Will you help save this lighthouse? (June, 2000). Lighthouse Digest.
Grand Island East Channel Light—Closer to Rescue April, 2001. Lighthouse Digest.
LaFave, Michael (Mackinac Center), "Privatization Shines" - article on the general subject of privatization of lighthouses.
Wobser, David, Great Laker Magazine, Grand Island East Channel Range Light, Boatnerd.
External links
Aerial photo at Marinas.com.
Interactive map on Michigan lighthouses. Detroit News.
Interactive map of lighthouses in eastern Lake Superior.
Satellite view at Google Maps.
Lighthouses completed in 1868
Houses completed in 1868
Lighthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
1908 disestablishments in Michigan
Lighthouses in Alger County, Michigan
1868 establishments in Michigan
National Register of Historic Places in Alger County, Michigan
Doxa Katokopias FC () is a Cypriot football team from Katokopia in the Nicosia District. Since the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974, Katokopia is under Turkish occupation, and the club moved to Peristerona, which is near Katokopia.
The solid Era squads
Doxa, from 2011 onwards became famous for the solid squad players, the majority of whom are Portuguese from the lower divisions, that the club president "Karavidas" locates and the team employs, to face strong opponents and therefore obtains the respect of the CFA community due to the decent results.
History
Doxa (which translates as Glory) was promoted to First Division in 1998 for first time in their history, but after finishing 13th in the table (out of 14 teams) they were relegated. The following season, after finishing third in the Second division, they were promoted again in 2000 and this time, with the experience of their first participation, they achieved great success by managing to finish 11th and to remain in the First Division. They were relegated again in 2002 to become Second Division runners-up the following year. They competed again in the first division in the 2003–04 season where they finished last with only 1 win from 26 games and were thus automatically relegated. They were again promoted to the first division in 2007 and after 4 consecutive seasons in the First Division, they have been relegated back to the Second Division in 2011. In 2012 they were promoted again to the First Division after finishing 2nd in the Second Division. In their last five consecutive participations in First Division, a record for the club, they used as home ground the Makario Stadium.
Players
Out on loan
Hat-tricks for club
Paul Batin (31.03.2019 Emris - Doxa 0:4) First division match
Yevhen Pavlov (22.03.2019 Olympiakos Nicosia - Doxa 2:3) Friendly match
Berat Sadik (23.09.2018 APOEL - Doxa 2:5) First division match
Berat Sadik (05.05.2018 Alki Oroklini - Doxa 1:3) First division relegation match
Notable former players
See also Doxa Katokopias FC players for a complete list
Managers
Pambos Christodoulou (1 July 2006 – 30 June 2010)
Nikodimos Papavasiliou (1 July 2010 – 13 January 2011)
Nikos Andronikou (21 Jan 2011 – 19 March 2011)
Marios Constantinou (21 March 2011 – 1 November 2012)
Loukas Hadjiloukas (1 Nov 2012 – 19 January 2014)
Sofoklis Sofokleous (21 Jan 2014 – 9 April 2014)
Demetris Ioannou (9 April 2014 – 1 September 2014)
Slobodan Krčmarević (8 September 2014 – 15 February 2015)
Nicos Andreou (4 March 2015 – 24 May 2015)
Loukas Hadjiloukas (3 June 2015 – 28 November 2016)
Carlos Corberán (29 Nov 2016– 24 January 2017)
Savvas Poursaitidis (25 Jan 2017– 2017)
References
External links
Football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1954
1954 establishments in Cyprus
Via is the debut full-length album by Los Angeles-based metalcore band Volumes. It was initially released on September 27, 2011 through Mediaskare Records. The album is considered an important contributor to the djent sound, among other albums released in the same year, such as Vildhjarta's Måsstaden, TesseracT's One and Born of Osiris' The Discovery.
The album was re-released in 2016 independently under the 91367 Records moniker, remastered and with a new cover. However, the album's fifth track, Serenity, originally contained a solo towards the end of the song, but it was removed from the remastered edition of the album, likely due to copyright issues relating to Chris Letchford of Scale the Summit performing the solo on the album's original edition.
Track listing
Credits
Volumes
Gus Farias - lead vocals
Michael Barr - lead vocals
Diego Farias – lead guitar, production, composing, programming, engineering, editing, mixing
Daniel Schwartz – rhythm guitar, clean vocals, drums
Raad Soudani – bass
Additional personal/musicians
Daniel Braunstein – production, composing, programming, engineering, editing, mixing
Zack Ohren – mastering
Chart performance
References
2011 debut albums
Volumes (band) albums
Mediaskare Records albums
Umm Al Quwain Free Trade Zone is a free economic zone located in the emirate of Umm Al Quwain, United Arab Emirates. Created under a Ruler's Decree, Umm Al Quwain Free Trade Zone commenced operations in 1987. It functions under the administration of Sheikh Saud Bin Rashid Al Mualla
History
Umm Al Quwain Free Trade Zone (UAQ FTZ) is located in Umm Al Quwain, one of the 7 emirates in the UAE. It is located 45km from Dubai. It is the first and among the biggest free trade zones in the UAE. It has a total of 8,000+ registered companies and 20 million sq ft of land for business operations with investors across 150 nationalities. It is a developed Free Zone in Umm Al Quwain which is known for its desert landscape and unique flora and fauna.
UAQ FTZ is situated close to the UAE's primary seaports and in close proximity to Dubai International Airport and Sharjah International Airport. It has direct access to UAQ port.
References
Free-trade zones of the United Arab Emirates
Economy of Dubai
Geography of Dubai
Neighbourhoods in the United Arab Emirates
New Youth Forum () is a political party in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China. The youth group was established in October 2001, and is currently led by convenor Regina Yeung Sum-yu.
The basic platform of the group is to promote youth participation in political and social affairs, to serve the community, and to focus on the rights of the youth.
The convenor of the group, Regina Yeung, attempted to run for a seat in the 2003 District Council elections but failed. She ran under the banner of the New Century Forum during the 2000 Legislation Council elections before the establishment of the group.
Leader: Tang Wing-chun (鄧咏駿)
Vice leader: Chan Hoi-yan (陳凱茵), Szeto Ngai-man (司徒毅敏)
External links
Official website
Political parties in Hong Kong
Political parties established in 2001
Youth organisations based in Hong Kong
2001 establishments in Hong Kong
Andrew Lofthouse (born 1962 or 1963) is a television and radio newsreader based in Brisbane, Australia. The former teacher is the weeknight presenter of Nine News Queensland with Melissa Downes, having previously presented on weekends. Prior to working at Nine News, he presented the weekday evening news bulletin of ABC News Queensland, as well as reading the news on the 612 ABC Brisbane radio station on weekday afternoons.
Lofthouse started his broadcasting career at a community radio station on the Gold Coast and began working for ABC Radio (in Rockhampton) in 1990. He moved to ABC Radio Brisbane (then called 612 4QR, now 612 ABC Brisbane) at the end of 1993. In 2003, he began working on ABC television (whilst also reading ABC Radio news bulletins).
In 2003 Andrew Lofthouse was named the 2003 "Queensland TV Personality of the Year" in an online poll conducted by 612 ABC Brisbane.
Lofthouse is also a musician with the alternative rock band Let's Go Naked which has appeared in concerts in Brisbane and recently released an album, Insides.
In November 2008, Lofthouse departed from ABC News, and joined the Nine News Queensland team from early 2009 as presenter of the weekend news bulletin, replacing Melissa Downes who moved to weeknight presenting. He presented his last ABC News bulletin on 28 November 2008. From 2009, Lofthouse began presenting on weekends with Eva Milic.
In June 2009, Lofthouse took over from Bruce Paige as weeknight presenter of Nine News Queensland, joining Downes on the desk. After several years in the ratings wilderness, together they would take the bulletin back to the top of the local ratings by 2013.
References
Australian musicians
ABC News (Australia) presenters
Nine News presenters
Australian radio personalities
Living people
People from Brisbane
Year of birth uncertain
1960s births
Levels is a small rural community in the Timaru District, New Zealand. It is located east of Pleasant Point and north-west of Timaru. Richard Pearse Airport is located within Levels. Also the Timaru International Motor Raceway is located in the area.
Demographics
The Levels statistical area, which also includes Waipopo, covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Levels had a population of 1,209 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 75 people (6.6%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 81 people (7.2%) since the 2006 census. There were 462 households. There were 654 males and 558 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.17 males per female. The median age was 46.1 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 219 people (18.1%) aged under 15 years, 171 (14.1%) aged 15 to 29, 618 (51.1%) aged 30 to 64, and 198 (16.4%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 91.8% European/Pākehā, 8.7% Māori, 1.7% Pacific peoples, 1.7% Asian, and 3.0% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 8.2%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 43.7% had no religion, 44.9% were Christian, 0.5% were Muslim, 0.2% were Buddhist and 2.0% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 108 (10.9%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 240 (24.2%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $34,900, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 552 (55.8%) people were employed full-time, 189 (19.1%) were part-time, and 18 (1.8%) were unemployed.
See also
Levels Valley
References
Timaru District
Populated places in Canterbury, New Zealand
The Faciat Georgius (“Let George Do It” in English) is an unofficial medal given during World War II to United States Marine Corps (USMC) officers, senior NCOs of the 1st Marine Division and a British coastwatcher who served during the Guadalcanal campaign.
History
After the initial success of the landings on Guadalcanal on 7 August 1942 by the Marines of the 1st Marine Division, the Imperial Japanese forces rallied. On D+3 Japanese naval and air forces joined the battle. On 10 August, the US naval forces supporting the Marines were withdrawn after their defeat at the battle of Savo Island, having unloaded only half the supplies needed by the Marines ashore. Several weeks would pass before the ships and supplies returned, leaving the Marines on their own, subsisting on their meager supplies and captured enemy rations.
As the division was resting and refitting in Melbourne, Australia after the campaign, Colonel (later Major General) Merrill B. Twining suggested that a commemorative medal be struck. He suggested that the ribbon be made of worn olive drab cotton twill fabric of the USMC M1941 utility uniform and bear the inscription “Let George Do It”, the division's informal motto from its training days when its personnel seemed to draw more than their fair share of onerous assignments. The motto was translated into Latin by British coastwatcher Captain Martin Clemens, who was also awarded the medal. The artist was Captain (later Colonel) Donald L. Dickson, who drew the designs on captured Japanese postcards using a half dollar to draw the circles. The cost to receive a medal was one Australian pound. About 45 officers and senior enlisted men signed up to receive a medal.
All that can be documented is that the medals were made in Australia using the lost-wax casting process as creating a metal die would have been too expensive. Estimates of the number of medals cast range anywhere from 25 to several hundred with 50 being the commonly agreed upon number. The medal was issued without a brooch, but instead was awarded using an oversized safety pin (or other interesting device) used for closing Navy shipboard laundry bags. A certificate was issued with each medal.
When the medals were ready, Lieutenant Frank Farrell, the 7th Marines' intelligence officer and former feature editor of the New York World-Telegram, was assigned to write the text and handle the printing of the certificates. Second Lieutenant John C. Schiller Jr. was charged with collecting the fee and Lt. Col. (later Col.) Edmond J. Buckley was appointed "Grand Master of the Order" and signed several of the certificates.
In recent years, fakes have been cast and can be identified by a different metal, different patina and a lack of detail, especially in the fingers on the obverse.
Legend
Various accounts also state that the ribbon, to be "official", had to be made from uniform fabric washed in the Lunga River of Guadalcanal.
Certificate and design drawing
Description and symbolism
Obverse
A hand extending from a U.S. Navy uniform sleeve dropping a hot potato to an entrenched Marine. A saguaro cactus symbolizes the code name of the landings ("Operation Cactus.")
The inscription at the bottom reads:
FACIAT GEORGIUS
Reverse
The rear end of a cow with an electric fan blowing across it, symbolizing the times "when the s*** hit the fan."
The inscription at the bottom reads:
IN FOND REMEMBRANCE OF
THE HAPPY DAYS SPENT
FROM AUG. 7th 1942
TO JAN. 5th 1943
U.S.M.C.
Ribbon
The ribbon is made of washed olive drab cotton twill fabric from the USMC M1941 utility uniform.
Notable recipients
Martin Clemens
William H. Rupertus
Merrill B. Twining
Merritt A. Edson
References
Awards established in 1943
Awards and decorations of the United States Marine Corps
Raj Chandra Bose (19 June 1901 – 31 October 1987) was an Indian American mathematician and statistician best known for his work in design theory, finite geometry and the theory of error-correcting codes in which the class of BCH codes is partly named after him. He also invented the notions of partial geometry, association scheme, and strongly regular graph and started a systematic study of difference sets to construct symmetric block designs.
He was notable for his work along with S. S. Shrikhande and E. T. Parker in their disproof of the famous conjecture made by Leonhard Euler dated 1782 that there do not exist two mutually orthogonal Latin squares of order 4n + 2 for every n.
Early life
Bose was born in Hoshangabad, India; he was the first of five children. His father was a physician and life was good until 1918 when his mother died in the influenza pandemic. His father died of a stroke the following year. Despite difficult circumstances, Bose continued to study securing first class in both the Masters examinations in Pure and Applied mathematics in 1925 and 1927 respectively at the Rajabazar Science College campus of University of Calcutta. His research was performed under the supervision of the geometry Professor Syamadas Mukhopadhyaya from Calcutta. Bose worked as a lecturer at Asutosh College, Calcutta. He published his work on the differential geometry of convex curves.
Academic life
Bose's course changed in December 1932 when P. C. Mahalanobis, director of the new (1931) Indian Statistical Institute, offered Bose a part-time job. Mahalanobis had seen Bose's geometrical work and wanted him to work on statistics. The day after Bose moved in, the secretary brought him all the volumes of Biometrika with a list of 50 papers to read and also Ronald Fisher's Statistical Methods for Research Workers. Mahalanobis told him, "You were saying that you do not know much statistics. You master the 50 papers ... and Fisher's book. This will suffice for your statistical education for the present." With Samarendra Nath Roy, who joined the ISI a little later, Bose was the chief mathematician at the Institute.
He first worked with multivariate analysis where he collaborated with Mahalanobis and Roy. In 1938–9 Fisher visited India and talked about the design of experiments. Roy had the idea of using the theory of finite fields and finite geometry to solve problems in design. The development of a mathematical theory of design would be Bose's main preoccupation until the mid-1950s.
In 1935 Bose had become full-time at the Institute. In 1940 joined the University of Calcutta where C. R. Rao and H. K. Nandi were in the first group of students he taught. In 1945 Bose became Head of the Department of Statistics.
University authorities in the United States told him he needed to have a doctorate. So he submitted his published papers on multivariate analysis and the design of experiments and was awarded a D. Litt. in 1947.
In 1947 Bose went to the United States as a visiting professor at Columbia University and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He received offers from American universities and he was also offered positions in India. The Indian jobs involved very heavy administration, which he saw as the end of his research work and in March 1949 he joined the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill as Professor of Statistics.
In the years at Chapel Hill Bose made important discoveries on coding theory (with D.K. Ray-Chaudhuri) and constructed (with S. S. Shrikhande and E. T. Parker) a Graeco-Latin square of size 10, a counterexample to Euler's conjecture that no Graeco-Latin square of size 4k + 2 exists. In 1971, he retired at the age of 70. He then accepted a chair at Colorado State University of Fort Collins from which he retired in 1980. His final doctoral student finished after this second retirement.
Bose died in Colorado, aged 86, in 1987. He is survived by two daughters. The elder, Purabi Schur, is retired from the Library of Congress and the younger, Sipra Bose Johnson, is retired as a professor of anthropology from the State University of New York at New Paltz.
Some articles by R. C. Bose
R. C. Bose, On the construction of balanced incomplete block designs, Annals of Eugenics. 9 (1939), 358–399.
R. C. Bose and K. R. Nair, Partially balanced incomplete block designs, Sankhya 4 (1939), 337–372.
R. C. Bose and S. S. Shrikhande, On the falsity of Euler's conjecture about the non-existence of two orthogonal Latin squares of order 4t + 2, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA, 45, (1959), 734–737.
R. C. Bose and D.K. Ray-Chaudhuri On a class of error-correcting binary codes, Information and control, 3, (1960), 68–79.
Autobiography
J. Gani (ed) (1982) The Making of Statisticians, New York: Springer-Verlag.
This has a chapter in which Bose tells the story of his life.
Discussions
Norman R. Draper (1990) Obituary: Raj Chandra Bose, Journal of the Royal Statistical Society Series A, Vol. 153, No. 1. pp. 98–99.
"Bose, Raj Chandra", pp. 183–184 in Leading Personalities in Statistical Sciences from the Seventeenth Century to the Present, (ed. N. L. Johnson and S. Kotz) 1997. New York: Wiley. Originally p''
See also
Association scheme
Block design
Bose–Mesner algebra
Combinatorial design
Design of experiments
External links
R. C. Bose:another photograph on the Portraits of Statisticians page.
Indian Statistical Institute: useful background information
Peter Cameron's Quotes on Mathematics: where the story about fields comes from
1901 births
1987 deaths
Indian emigrants to the United States
Indian statisticians
Information theorists
Bengali mathematicians
Bengali people
Bengali Hindus
Colorado State University faculty
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill faculty
Latin squares
University of Calcutta alumni
University of Calcutta faculty
Presidents of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics
People from Hoshangabad
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
Indian Statistical Institute faculty
American academics of Indian descent
20th-century Indian mathematicians
Scientists from Kolkata
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Indian American
American people of Indian descent
Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn Ishaq ibn Khuzaymah (, 837 CE/223 AH – 923 CE/311 AH) was a Muslim Muhaddith and Shafi'i jurist, best known for his hadith collection, Sahih Ibn Khuzaymah.
Biography
He was born in Nishapur a year earlier than Ibn Jarir al-Tabari and outlived him by one year. In Nishapur, he studied under its scholars, including Ishaq Ibn Rahwayh (died 238 AH), the muhaddith of Khorasan at the time, as well as with al-Bukhari and Muslim.
Works
Al-Hakim recorded that Ibn Khuzaymah wrote more than 140 books. Little of what he wrote survives today:
Saheeh ibn Kuzaima: mukhtaṣar al-Mukhtaṣar min al-musnad al-Ṣaḥīḥ (): Only one fourth of the book survived. It is a collection of hadiths, covering prayer, fasting, pilgrimage, and the zakāt tithe. Among the Sahih collections after Sahih Bukhari and Sahih Muslim, it is regarded highly along with Sahih Ibn Hibbaan and Sahih Abi 'Awana. It has been edited by Muhammad Mustafa Al-A'zami and published by al-Maktab al-Islami in Beirut.
Kitāb al-Tawḥīd wa-ithbāt ṣifāt al-Rabb 'azza wa-jall () – Recently, an English translation of the work has been initiated which is being published piecemeal on https://kitabaltawhidenglish.blogspot.com/.
Sha'n al-du‘ā' wa-tafsīr al-ad‘īyah al-ma'thūrah ()
Fāʼid al-Fāʼid ()
See also
Asas al-Taqdis
References
837 births
923 deaths
Hadith scholars
Hadith compilers
Sunni Muslim scholars
Shafi'is
Atharis
Muhaddiths from Nishapur
Iranian scholars
9th-century jurists
10th-century jurists
Biographical evaluation scholars
Kohl Robert Stewart (born October 7, 1994) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He previously played for the Minnesota Twins. He was the fourth overall selection in the 2013 MLB draft.
Amateur career
Stewart attended St. Pius X High School in Houston, Texas, and played St Pius X's baseball team as a pitcher and football team as a quarterback. A top college football recruit, Stewart committed to attend Texas A&M University, to play for the Texas A&M Aggies football team.
Professional career
Minnesota Twins
The Minnesota Twins selected Stewart with the fourth overall selection in the 2013 MLB Draft. Stewart signed with the Twins, bypassing Texas A&M for a $4,544,400 signing bonus. After signing, Stewart played for both the GCL Twins and Elizabethton Twins, posting a combined 1.35 ERA with 24 strikeouts in 20 total innings between both teams. In 2014, he played for the Cedar Rapids Kernels, compiling a 3–5 record and 2.59 ERA in 19 starts, and in 2015, he played for the Fort Myers Miracle where he pitched to a 7–8 record and 3.20 ERA in 22 games. Stewart spent 2016 with both Fort Myers and the Chattanooga Lookouts, posting a combined 12–8 record, 2.88 ERA, and 1.34 WHIP in 25 total starts between both clubs, and 2017 with Chattanooga, going 5–6 with a 4.09 ERA in 16 starts, along with starting one game for the Rochester Red Wings.
He split his 2018 minor league season between Chattanooga and Rochester, accumulating a 3–7 record with a 4.47 ERA in 108.2 innings. The Twins called up Stewart to the major leagues on August 12, 2018. He started the game that day, making his major league debut. Over 8 major league games, he went 2–1 with a 3.68 ERA in 36.2 innings.
He opened the 2019 season back with Rochester. Called up, he pitched nine games for the Twins, and was 2-2 with a 6.39 ERA. Following the 2019 season, Stewart was outrighted off the Twins roster and elected free agency.
Baltimore Orioles
On December 29, 2019, Stewart signed a split contract with the Baltimore Orioles. After missing a scheduled start against the Miami Marlins due to a COVID-19 outbreak among the Marlins, Stewart opted out of the 2020 season on July 31, 2020 as he has Type 1 diabetes. He elected free agency on October 29, 2020.
Chicago Cubs
On January 28, 2021, Stewart signed a one-year, $700K deal with the Chicago Cubs. On May 31, Stewart was recalled to the active roster and made his first appearance since 2019 as the starting pitcher against the San Diego Padres. On July 6, Stewart was placed on the injured list with right elbow inflammation and was later transferred to the 60-day IL on July 29. On November 10, 2021, Stewart elected free agency after refusing a minor league assignment from the Cubs.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Baseball players from Houston
Major League Baseball pitchers
Minnesota Twins players
Chicago Cubs players
Gulf Coast Twins players
Elizabethton Twins players
Cedar Rapids Kernels players
Fort Myers Miracle players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Rochester Red Wings players
People with type 1 diabetes
The foundations of negotiation theory are decision analysis, behavioral decision-making, game theory, and negotiation analysis.
Another classification of theories distinguishes between Structural Analysis, Strategic Analysis, Process Analysis, Integrative Analysis and behavioral analysis of negotiations.
Negotiation is a strategic discussion that resolves an issue in a way that both parties find acceptable. Individuals should make separate, interactive decisions; and negotiation analysis considers how groups of reasonably bright individuals should and could make joint, collaborative decisions. These theories are interleaved and should be approached from the synthetic perspective.
Common assumptions of most theories
Negotiation is a specialized and formal version of conflict resolution, most frequently employed when important issues must be agreed upon. Negotiation is necessary when one party requires the other party's agreement to achieve its aim. The aim of negotiating is to build a shared environment leading to long-term trust, and it often involves a third, neutral party to extract the issues from the emotions and keep the individuals concerned focused. It is a powerful method for resolving conflict and requires skill and experience. Zartman defines negotiation as "a process of combining conflicting positions into a common position under a decision rule of unanimity, a phenomenon in which the outcome is determined by the process." Druckman (1986) adds that negotiations pass through stages that consist of agenda-setting, a search for guiding principles, defining the issues, bargaining for favorable concession exchanges, and a search for implementing details. Transitions between stages are referred to as turning points.
Most theories of negotiations share the notion of negotiations as a process, but they differ in their description of the process.
Structural, strategic and procedural analysis builds on rational actors, who are able to prioritize clear goals, are able to make trade-offs between conflicting values, are consistent in their behavioral pattern, and are able to take uncertainty into account.
Negotiations differ from mere coercion, in that negotiating parties have the theoretical possibility to withdraw from negotiations. It is easier to study bi-lateral negotiations, as opposed to multilateral negotiations.
Structural analysis
Structural Analysis is based on a distribution of empowering elements among two negotiating parties. Structural theory moves away from traditional Realist notions of power in that it does not only consider power to be a possession, manifested for example in economic or military resources, but also thinks of power as a relation.
Based on the distribution of elements, in structural analysis we find either power-symmetry between equally strong parties or power-asymmetry between a stronger and a weaker party. All elements from which the respective parties can draw power constitute structure. They may be of material nature, i.e., hard power (such as weapons), or of social nature, i.e., soft power (such as norms, contracts, or precedents).
These instrumental elements of power, are either defined as parties' relative position (resources position) or as their relative ability to make their options prevail.
According to structural analysis, negotiations can be described with matrices, such as the Prisoner's dilemma, a concept taken from game theory. Another common game is the chicken dilemma.
Structural analysis is easy to criticize, because it predicts that the strongest will always win. This, however, does not always hold true.
Strategic analysis
Strategic analysis starts with the assumption that both parties have a veto. Thus, in essence, negotiating parties can cooperate (C) or defect (D). Structural analysis then evaluates Á outcomes of negotiations (C, C; C, D; D, D; D, C), by assigning values to each of the possible outcomes.
Often, cooperation of both sides yields the best outcome. The problem is that the parties can never be sure that the other is going to cooperate, mainly because of two reasons: first, decisions are made at the same time or, second, concessions of one side might not be returned. Therefore, the parties have contradicting incentives to cooperate or defect. If one party cooperates or makes a concession and the other does not, the defecting party might relatively gain more.
Trust may be built only in repetitive games through the emergence of reliable patterns of behavior, such as tit-for-tat.
This table illustrates the options and possible outcomes of the Negotiator's Dilemma.
Process analysis
Process analysis is the theory closest to haggling.
Process Analysis focuses on the study of the dynamics of processes. E.g., both Zeuthen and Cross tried to find a formula in order to predict the behavior of the other party in finding a rate of concession, in order to predict the likely outcome.
The process of negotiation, therefore, is considered to unfold between fixed points: starting point of discord, endpoint of convergence. The so-called security point, which is the result of optional withdrawal, is also taken into account.
An important feature of negotiation processes is the idea of turning points (TPs). A considerable amount of research has been devoted to analyses of TPs in single and comparative case studies, as well as experiments. Considered as departures in the process, Druckman has proposed a three-part framework for analysis in which precipitating events precede (and cause) departures which have immediate and delayed consequences. Precipitating events can be external as when a mediator becomes involved, substantive as when a new idea is proposed, or procedural as when the formal plenary structure becomes divided into committees. Departures can be abrupt or relatively slow and consequences can escalate, moving away from agreement, or they might move in the direction of agreement. Using this framework in a comparative study of 34 cases, Druckman discovered that external events were needed to move talks on security or arms control toward agreement. However, new ideas or changed procedures were more important for progress in trade or political negotiations. Different patterns were also found for interest-based, cognitive-based, and values-based conflicts and between domestic and international negotiations.
Turning points are also analyzed in relation to negotiation crises or disruptions in the flow of the talks. Earlier research showed that TPs are more likely to occur in the context of crises, often in the form of changes that put the talks back on track and transition to a new stage (Druckman, 1986, 2001). A key to resolving crises is reframing the issues being discussed. The choice to reframe was shown to occur more frequently among negotiators when their trust is low and transaction costs are high. The research to date on TPs has generated ideas likely to stimulate further studies. Some of these ideas include a search for the underlying mechanisms that can explain the emergence of TPs. Foremost among these are flexibility and adaptability in response to crises or violations of expected behavior. The key challenge is to discover the conditions that foster progress toward a solution to the dilemma of balancing the desire to agree with the desire to come out favorably. For a review of the research on turning points, see Druckman and Olekalns.
Integrative analysis
Integrative analysis divides the process into successive stages, rather than talking about fixed points. It extends analysis to pre-negotiations stages, in which parties make first contacts. The outcome is explained as the performance of the actors at different stages. Stages may include pre-negotiations, finding a formula of distribution, crest behavior, settlement
Bad faith negotiation
Bad faith is a concept in negotiation theory whereby parties pretend to reason to reach settlement, but have no intention to do so, for example, one political party may pretend to negotiate, with no intention to compromise, for political effect.
Inherent bad faith model in international relations and political psychology
Bad faith in political science and political psychology refers to negotiating strategies in which there is no real intention to reach compromise, or a model of information processing. The "inherent bad faith model" of information processing is a theory in political psychology that was first put forth by Ole Holsti to explain the relationship between John Foster Dulles' beliefs and his model of information processing. It is the most widely studied model of one's opponent. A state is presumed to be implacably hostile, and contra-indicators of this are ignored. They are dismissed as propaganda ploys or signs of weakness. Examples are John Foster Dulles' position regarding the Soviet Union, or Israel's initial position on the Palestinian Liberation Organization.
Phases of Negotiation
There is no magic or mystery to negotiations or to what makes someone a master negotiator. There are five steps or phases in negotiation that effectively work.
Prepare: There is no shortcut to preparation. It is the first phase to any negotiation, though people don't put too much time into it. They often go directly to information exchange stage or even to bargaining.
Information Exchange: The information exchange happens when one starts engaging with the other side, sharing information, and identifying what the other party needs/wants.
Bargain: Bargaining is that phase in which the "give and take" happens. In this stage, we need to continue creating value and finally capture value. Finely tuned communication skills are important in this stage.
Conclude: This is the stage where one reaches an agreement. Here one has to consider strategies to lock the commitment.
Execute: This is the stage where execution of an agreement happens. This stage can also be looked at as the preparation for the next negotiation opportunity. One must make sure that they follow through on promises made in order to build a stronger relationship and trust. One will learn more about the other party in this stage. This will make it easier for the next negotiation. It is important to remember that during execution, one is likely to apply the total negotiation process and best negotiating practices.
Negotiation Skills
Negotiation skills are qualities that allow two or more parties to reach a compromise. These are often soft skills and include abilities such as:
Communication
Persuasion
Planning
Strategizing
Cooperating
Tips to improve personal negotiation skills:
Identify the final goal
Practice building rapport
Be willing to compromise
Consider imposing time restrictions
Take the multiple offer approach
Exercise confidence
Don't take "no" personally
Understand personal weaknesses
Practice
See also
Argumentation theory
Conflict resolution research
Dispute resolution
List of books about negotiation
Morphological analysis
Negotiation
References
External links
Blog at Program on Negotiation
Negotiation
Decision theory
Dispute resolution
Game theory
The Hong Kong originally formed in New Orleans, but became more established after regrouping in Brooklyn. They are known for mixing a 1960s feel with modern indie rock sensibilities. They have also been compared to Blondie. In 2000, the band released their first album, the instrumental Lights At Night, which included a post-rock sound that would become much less evident in the group's future efforts. 2003 saw the release of Rock The Faces, which Allmusic said "is junk-shop pop at its finest. Built out of parts of various great bands and artists, it shines like a brand-new artifact" ([ link]).
In January 2005, The Hong Kong went into the studio to record with Ric Ocasek of The Cars producing. Soon after, they signed to his label, Inverse Records. That Ocasek took the band under his wing was evidenced by their backing him up at live shows, such as a September 2005 performance at CBGB.
In 2006, the band released a video for a song called "Tongue-Tied." The video featured Culpepper with Dean Wareham (Luna / Galaxie 500) as Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow.
Discography
Lights At Night (2000)
Rock The Faces (2003)
Slow Motion Gets Around (2007)
References
+1 Music news page
Rolling Stone review of Ric Ocasek/The Hong Kong show at CBGB
MySpace profile
Indie rock musical groups from Louisiana
Indie rock musical groups from New York (state)
Musical groups from New Orleans
Musical groups from Brooklyn
Musical groups established in 2000
The men's 100 metre freestyle competition of the swimming events at the 1991 Pan American Games took place on 14 August. The last Pan American Games champion was Todd Dudley of US.
This race consisted of two lengths of the pool, both lengths being in freestyle.
It was the first time that the U.S. lost the gold medal in the men's 100 meter freestyle, after 10 straight titles. This feat fitted Gustavo Borges, who went on to win four Olympic medals after this.
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
Final
The final was held on August 14.
References
Swimming at the 1991 Pan American Games
Imma acosma is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Alfred Jefferis Turner in 1900. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland and New South Wales.
The wingspan is 16–17 mm. The forewings are brownish-fuscous, with the posterior portion of the disc sometimes suffused with brownish-ochreous and sometimes with a small fuscous erect line on the inner margin at one-fifth. A very irregularly angled fuscous line runs from the costa before the middle to the inner margin beyond the middle and there is a fuscous dot in the disc at two-thirds, followed by two oblique fuscous lines from the costa at three-fifths and four-fifths towards, but not reaching, the anal angle and hindmargin respectively. All these markings may be obsolete. Sometimes, there is a dark fuscous line close to the upper three-fourths of the hindmargin. The hindwings are fuscous-grey.
The larvae feed on Hymenanthera dentata. They are active during the day. The larvae are green with dark speckles and sparse hairs.
References
Moths described in 1900
Immidae
Moths of Australia
Lawrence J. Fitzgerald (d. July 12, 1918 Auburn, Cayuga County, New York) was an American businessman and politician.
Life
He was born in Ireland and came to the United States as a boy with his parents. The family settled at Skaneateles, N.Y. Later he moved to Cortland, New York and in 1869, he established the Cortland Wagon Company which manufactured carriages, wagons and bicycles.
He was President of the Village of Cortland in 1882. As a Democrat, he was New York State Treasurer from 1886 to 1889, elected in 1885 and 1887.
In 1906, in opposition to William R. Hearst who had been nominated by the Democratic Party, he supported Republican Charles Evans Hughes for Governor.
He was a vice president of the National Bank of Cortland, and a director of the Madison Square Bank and the Columbia Bank, both in New York City.
Sources
The Political Graveyard: Index to Politicians: Fitzgerald at politicalgraveyard.com Political Graveyard
Past and Present - Cortland - Part 2 - Its Manufacturing Interests. at www.usgennet.org History of the Cortland Wagon Co., at USGenNet
About the Treasurer's office, in NYT on February 3, 1887
Gubernatorial campaign, in NYT on October 6, 1906
Obit in NYT on July 13, 1918
Year of birth missing
1918 deaths
New York State Treasurers
People from Cortland, New York
People from Skaneateles, New York
American bankers
Politicians from Auburn, New York
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Anne Dell (born 11 September 1950) is an Australian biochemist specialising in the study of glycomics and the carbohydrate structures that modify proteins. Anne's work could be used to figure out how pathogens such as HIV are able to evade termination by the immune system which could be applied toward understanding how this occurs in fetuses. Her research has also led to the development of higher sensitivity mass spectroscopy techniques which have allowed for the better studying of the structure of carbohydrates. Anne also established GlycoTRIC at Imperial College London, a research center that allows for glycobiology to be better understood in biomedical applications. She is currently Professor of Carbohydrate Biochemistry and Head of the Department of Life Sciences at Imperial College London. Dell's other contributions to the study of Glycobiology are the additions she has made to the textbook "Essentials of Glycobiology" Dell was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours.
Early life
Anne Dell was the youngest of seven children and grew up on a farm in the Australian outback, where she was educated at home by her mother using Correspondence School lessons until the age of eleven. She earned a First Class Honors degree in Organic Chemistry from the University of Western Australia, and came to the UK to carry out her PhD at the University of Cambridge, before joining Imperial College where she is currently employed. She also has a daughter, who was born in 1984.
Education and research
After gaining a First Class Honors degree (equivalent to B.S) in Organic Chemistry from the University of Western Australia, Dell was awarded an 1851 Exhibition Scholarship to study for a PhD at the University of Cambridge. After she was awarded her PhD in 1975 her doctoral supervisor, Howard R. Morris, moved to Imperial College London as a lecturer in biochemistry and brought Dell with him. She would remain at Imperial for the rest of her career. Anne was elected to the Fellowship of the Royal Society in 2002 and was appointed a CBE in recognition of her services to science in 2009. Other honors include election to Fellowship of the Academy of Medical Sciences and Membership of the European Academy of Science. She has Honorary Doctorates from the University of Western Australia and the University of Waterloo in Canada. In 2017 Dell and her colleagues determined in their experiment that O-linked glycosylation is not necessary for the natural replication cycle of HIV. They also determined that the diversity of the many GalNAc transferase enzymes that initiate O-linked carbohydrate attachment and the theoretical possibility that natural target cells for HIV in vivo could potentially complete such O-linked carbohydrate attachment to increase infectivity further. Dell's other contributions to the study of Glycobiology are the additions she has made to chapter 50 of the textbook "Essentials of Glycobiology" this chapter gave methods for the characterization of glycan structure, including residue composition, linkage types, and attachment to aglycones. It covered methods for detection of specific glycan sequences on glycoproteins and it covers methods for characterizing structures in three dimensions. The methods varied widely and included nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy and mass spectrometry (MS) techniques that allow more detailed structures to be observed in the study of Glycobiology.
Honors and awards
Tate and Lyle Medal, Royal Society of Chemistry (1986)
Whistler Award, International Carbohydrate Organisation (2000)
FRS (2002)
Haworth Memorial Lectureship, Royal Society of Chemistry (2003)
International Glycoconjugate Organization Award (2005)
Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (2008)
Commander of the Order of the British Empire (2009)
References
Bibliography
External links
Dell's profile on the Royal Society website.
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
1950 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Australian biochemists
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British women scientists
Women biochemists
Australian women chemists
Academics of Imperial College London
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Sunan is the shorter version of "Susuhunan", both used as an honorific in Java Indonesia.
According to Hamka in his book Dari Perbendaharaan Lama the word derived from a Javanese word for position (susunan) of hands in reverential salutation, done with hands pressed together, palms touching and fingers pointed upwards, and bowing. This arrangement which has some similarities with Indian "namaste" is called "sembah", which is used to honor and praise. From this "Susuhunan" can mean someone to give the "susunan"/"sembah" to a revered person. Another word for "Susuhunan" is "Sesembahan".
This title is given by the Javanese and Sundanese to rulers, clerics and even deities. A common usage is for the 'Sunans', or the Nine Saints (Wali Songo), who were the spreaders of Islam in Java. Also, Sunan Ambu (Queen Mother/Goddess Mother) is a female deity revered by the Sundanese.
Other Uses
Other missionaries, besides the Wali Songo, have also received the title of Sunan, especially those who were involved in the early spread of Islam in Java. These include:
Sunan Bangkalan
Sunan Bungkul
Sunan Dalem
Sunan Geseng
Sunan Ngadilangu
Sunan Ngerang
Sunan Ngudung
Sunan Prawata
Sunan Sendang Duwur
Sunan Tembayat
Sunan Wilis
Sunan Lawu
See also
Wali Sanga
References
Honorifics
Noble titles of Indonesia
Creative Allies is a digital marketing and media company based in Raleigh, NC known for its celebrity focused crowdsourced design campaigns. The company gives artists from all over the world an opportunity to create original artwork for the coolest global sports and entertainment brands around.
History
Creative Allies was founded in 2009 by entrepreneurs Sean O'Connell and Greg Lucas. Seeing a need for emerging musicians to have high-quality designs for tour merchandise, the pair created both a platform and an online community to fill this gap. The process of crowdsourced design allowed artists to interact with their favorite musicians while providing musicians a low-cost way to generate amazing art.
Over the years, the community of artists continued to grow as well as the brand recognition of Creative Allies. The company touts a roster of the biggest celebrity names in the music industry. Creative Allies took the same approach they used to become successful in the music industry, and expanded the business to serve consumer brands as well as sports properties.
The original founders and leaders such as Kevin Carroll and Donald Thompson have since moved on to other endeavors. In 2018, the board promoted Amie Thompson, its former Director of Operations, to the role of President & CEO of the company.
Technology
Creative Allies developed a proprietary technology platform, a contest engine, allowing the company to effectively execute design competitions for its clients. The platform allows the company to build contests efficiently, allows creatives to upload submissions to each contest and allows fans to vote on favorite designs through the platform's voting apparatus.
Hosted Design Competitions
Creative Allies is the home to more than 100,000 creatives from around the world, including solo practitioners and avant garde studio collectives. The company connects these creatives with a variety of brands to execute marketing design competitions to generate creative content and spark social engagement.
The company has hosted almost 2,000 design competitions including:
Music: Megadeth, Billy Joel, Twenty One Pilots, Mariah Carey, Motionless In White, Soundgarden, Kendrick Lamar, Slightly Stoopid, Petey Pablo, Maroon 5, Tom Chaplin, Bassnectar, Duran Duran, Beastie Boys, Counting Crows, Gavin DeGraw, Amon Amarth, X Ambassadors, Imagine Dragons, The String Cheese Incident, KISS, Guns N Roses, Rob Zombie, Fetty Wap, Rich The Kid, Willie Nelson, Ella Mai, Jefferson Airplane, Rootfire
Sports: ESPN X Games, High Country Grizzlies, Chris Paul, Ball Up, Monster Jam, Supercross, ModKidsUSA, Jalen & Jacoby
Arts & Music Festivals: Hangout Music Festival, Euphoria Music Festival, Gathering of the Vibes, Lexington Ave Arts Festival, Monterey Jazz Festival, Taste of Soul Atlanta, Camp Bisco, SXSW
Consumer Brands: Arizona Tea, BIC Cristal Pens, Ben & Jerry's, US Polo Association, Hard Rock Cafe, Toyota, Blackstone Brewing Company
TV / Film: Gilmore Girls, Bad Santa, The Big Bang Theory, MacGyver, Orange Is The New Black, Buffy The Vampire Slayer, Rich Kids
References
Companies based in Asheville, North Carolina
Marketing companies established in 2009
2009 establishments in North Carolina
Digital marketing companies of the United States
Peltanthera is a genus of flowering plants containing a single species, Peltanthera floribunda. The genus was originally placed in family Loganiaceae and has since been variously placed in Buddlejaceae, Scrophulariaceae, Gesneriaceae, or in its own family Peltantheraceae. As of 2016, it is considered by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group to be unplaced in any family, but within the order Lamiales.
The plant is a tree with opposite leaf arrangement. The leaves are large and elliptic in shape. It has white fragrant flowers in a cymose inflorescence with trichotomous branches. The calyx and corolla each have five lobes, and there are five stamens. The two locules of the ovary each contain many seeds.
References
Enigmatic angiosperm taxa
Lamiales
Monotypic Lamiales genera
Belgrave and Birstall railway station was a railway station opened by the Great Central Railway in 1899. It served the villages of Belgrave and Birstall in Leicestershire. It closed in 1963.
In 1991 Leicester North railway station was opened immediately to the south of Belgrave and Birstall railway station by the preserved Great Central heritage railway. It is representative of the 1960s when the line was under the control of British Railways Midland Region. It is the southern terminus of the railway.
Route description
Curving south of milepost 99, the line continues to climb at the ruling 1 in 176 gradient (10 yards per mile). After passing over an original farm occupation crossing (structure 359), it passes under the new Leicester bypass road (see History) before straightening and levelling out as far as milepost 100 (shortly after overbridge 360). Turning sharply to the west, the railway falls as it approaches the outskirts of Leicester. Shortly after passing under the redundant bridge 361 (blocked off on one side), an ancient right-of-way crosses the trackbed on the level, though only for pedestrian traffic. The final descent into Leicester North station first cuts deeply beneath Park Road (bridge 362) before the formation widens to accommodate the former running lines to pass between each of the Belgrave and Birstall station bridge arches.
Leicester North station consists of a long main platform along the western side of the line and short bay platform on the east. These are joined by a concourse, and between them a simple run-round loop with short spur-siding arrangement allows a slight flexibility in train operation, although services are usually operated under 'One engine in steam' principles. A single short building provides basic services, including a booking office and refreshment servery, a waiting room, and toilet facilities (see History).
Still clearly visible at the station is the walled recess in which sat the signalbox and lamp room, as well as the bricked-up entrance archway of the old Belgrave and Birstall station.
The current bufferstops fall at approximately the 100.75 milepost. Immediately south of here, the formation has been removed to allow the construction of the Leicester Western Distributor road, although a footbridge running close to the alignment of the former trackbed carries pedestrians to Thurcaston road, over which the line used to pass. The bridge here was removed in September 1979 although the southern abutment remains.
Current services
Heritage steam and diesel train services operate to Leicester North from every weekend and bank holiday of the year.
Additional services operate on selected weekdays throughout the year.
During the summer time there is a connection to an open-topped tour bus that runs from the station to Leicester City Centre and the National Space Centre, amongst other tourist destinations in and around Leicester.
History
Belgrave and Birstall station
Belgrave and Birstall station was built as a part of the Great Central Railway's London Extension and opened to passengers on 15 March 1899. The station was built to the standard London Extension country station pattern of a single large 'island' platform between the two running lines, on which stood the station buildings, including ticket office and waiting rooms. Access was made by descending a flight of stairs from a road bridge (structure number 363) that crossed the line.
A signal box and a lamp hut were provided to the south east of the station and further afield a station master's house was constructed. Built within the tight constraints of a cutting, Belgrave and Birstall was the only rural station on the London Extension to have no goods facilities.
After closure
Belgrave and Birstall station closed on 1 March 1963 along with most other local stations on the London Extension. A group of local enthusiasts formed the Belgrave and Birstall Action Group (B-BAG) in the late 1960s with the aim of restoring the station. When the Main Line Preservation Group (MLPG) formed in 1968 with the aim of preserving a section of the London Extension for the use of steam trains, the B-BAG effectively merged to become a small sub-group of the MLPG.
Vandalism was an ever-present problem for the B-BAG. By summer 1971 police had been summoned on a number of occasions to the station, which was reported to be in a "very sad state". As late as spring 1972 the action group was not yet allowed access to the site to repair vandalism, and buildings were in a dangerous condition which would require "substantial rebuilding".
Restoration work at the station began in June 1972, and considerable efforts were made in making some of the buildings safe. Other buildings required more substantive work.
Due to increasing financial pressures placed upon the Main Line Steam Trust (as the MLPG had become) by British Rail, in 1973, one of the two tracks between Belgrave and Birstall and was lifted, leaving only a single track in place. In 1976 the remaining track was lifted, leaving no rail access to Belgrave and Birstall station.
Ever present vandalism continued to leave the station buildings in a dangerous state, and the B-BAG reluctantly decided to demolish three of the station buildings – the Gentleman's toilets; Station Master's Office; and Ladies' Room and General Waiting Room buildings were removed on 18 and 19 June 1977. The Booking Office; Stairs; and "tunnel rooms" were bricked up for later use. The remaining structures were removed in 1985, leaving only the platform and bricked up road-level entrance. The entrance archway remains to this day, though bricked up, as can be seen on recent photographs.
A full and detailed history of Belgrave and Birstall station including an account of how it came to be built; highlights from its operational years and an examination of the failed attempt to save it (with a description of some of the internal political and financial issues faced by the would-be preservationsists) leading to its eventual reinstatement as Leicester North (for Belgrave and Birstall - since 2021), are given in the book: "Belgrave and Birstall Remembered" by John Powdrill (2020), published by The 4 Buffers ISBN 978-1-5272-6760-2.
The Birstall Extension
Following the restoration of heritage train services between Loughborough Central railway station and Rothley railway station by the MLST, a new operating company had been formed – Great Central Railway (1976) Ltd. (GCR76). This company had subsequently obtained a Light Railway Order (LRO) to allow the heritage line to operate its own trains without British Rail supervision. The powers granted by GCR76's LRO had encompassed the MLPG goal of preserving the line as far as Birstall, and as such GCR76 had the legal power to lay new track from its Rothley rail-head to the platform at Birstall. By summer 1984 it was felt that the railway's finances were now viable enough to allow what was to become known as the Birstall Extension. A favourable preliminary survey of structures between Rothley and Birstall gave the board of directors confidence enough to announce officially in Autumn 1984 that the railway would be extending to Belgrave and Birstall.
Work on the extension had started to clear vegetation that had grown on the track bed. More serious problems to be handled were the encroachment of road improvements. To the immediate south of the station, a new road from Mowmacre Hill to Redhill roundabout would cut through the railway's embankment. Leicester City Council agreed to build an access road (eventually named The Sidings) to the railway from this new road, later to be known as the Leicester Western Distributor road. A mile to the north of the station, the new Leicester by-pass was planned to be built crossing the line. This effectively set a deadline of 1986 to build the first mile of track, since the new bridge was to add greatly to the cost of the by-pass. It was suggested to the railway that if there was no railway line to cross by 1986, it would be cheaper to have the LRO to Birstall rescinded on the grounds that the company had no plans to go there.
By Spring 1985, discussion on the design of the new station to replace Belgrave and Birstall had begun. The appeal to fund the Birstall Extension was officially launched on 8 June 1985 by H.R.H. The Duke of Gloucester, who inserted a ceremonial chromium-plated bolt into the trackwork at Rothley. With Manpower Services Commission assisted work continuing on the extension, design ideas for the new station at Birstall all incorporated the original platform and bridge as part of the scheme, although schemes where the platform would be extended to the north of the road bridge were formally scrapped. By late 1987, however, it seemed that through co-funding via Leicester City, who planned to build a museum 'Industrial village' adjacent to the site, a wholly new station to the south of Belgrave and Birstall would be built, requiring the removal of the existing platform.
Leicester North station
The Birstall Extension finally arrived at the bare platform of Belgrave and Birstall station during spring 1988. Only sufficient track was laid against the existing platform to enable its demolition. Delays in completing the road from the new Leicester Western Distributor Road caused further delays by preventing the delivery of ballast for packing. Feasibility studies for the industrial museum were put on hold, which in turn required the retainment of the island platform for longer than planned. In early 1989, plans were submitted for extending track from the limit of the existing LRO into the land under jurisdiction of Leicester City Council. The eventual outcome was that Charnwood Borough Council (the GCR's landlord up to Birstall) and Leicester City Council came to an arrangement for a slight extension of the railway into Leicester, and a new LRO was submitted before Parliament for a new Leicester North Station.
Throughout 1989, ballast was brought in and deposited on the Belgrave and Birstall platform for loading into rail ballast wagons, which then ferried the material along the extension to enable the new track to be correctly packed and aligned so that it would be fit for passenger traffic. All this allowed the Birstall Extension to be officially opened on Thursday 15 November 1990. GCR locomotive No.506 "Butler Henderson" hauled a train of MLST directors and local civic dignitaries from Loughborough Central to Rothley, where they changed to a specially fitted push-pull train for the return ride to Belgrave and Birstall. Regular passenger services, push-pull operated, soon resumed to a point just short of the old platform.
Work commenced on removing the old platform and building the new Leicester North station to the south. On 5 July 1991 the new station was opening by the Rt.Hon. Michael Heseltine MP, flanked by the replica of Stephenson's Rocket and No.35005 Canadian Pacific, each running into its own platform at Leicester North. The inclusion of a run-round loop at Leicester North removed the need for push-pull operation between Birstall and Rothley and through services from Loughborough Central could begin. The buffers set into the end of the platform were donated by British Rail and originate from London's Marylebone station, the terminus of the Great Central Railway's London Extension. Due to the lack of station buildings, a carriage was regularly used to act as a ticket office and kiosk.
Full planning permission was granted on 7 October 1992, for the construction of the main building, concourse and overall roof at Leicester North station., however after it was discovered that a high-pressure water main ran through the site the plans were dropped.
Development of the station since opening has been slow due to the return of vandalism. The problems of travellers camping on the small car park at the top of "The Sidings" access road was remedied in 1998 by the installation of a lockable gate.
In late 1998, planning permission was granted for a modest construction on the down platform, intended as waiting room, booking office and toilet. Permission was also granted for a canopy, however it was not intended to erect this at the same time as the building, the whole approach for Leicester North development having switched to a modular approach. Following a £30,000 bequest to the MLST by the Edith Murphy Trust, only £20,000 remained to be raised at the time the drawings of the new building were first published The ceremonial "Cutting of the first sod" by the Countess of Lanesborough took place on 9 March 1999 as part of the railway's centenary celebrations, with contractors beginning work on the foundations on 19 April and was completed by late June.
Construction progress was hindered by repeat vandalism, with the toppling of freshly laid brickwork on several occasions. Brickwork was complete to roof level by late January 2000, with a variety of fitting-out, including connection to services and the installation of roller-shutter doors, plastering, and decoration, taking place throughout mid-2000. Shortly after, however, the contractor was unable to continue work, and further progress would not take place until July 2001 after a new contractor was assigned to complete the building and tarmac the platform. The building opened for public use soon after.
No substantial further development of the station has taken place since the opening of the waiting rooms, although a variety of small additions including picnic tables have been added to the station in recent years. A small canopy (pictured above) was built around the station building. An ambitious set of features was originally planned, including a second engine shed, a turntable, garden and another platform.
Over the weekend of 2 and 3 September 2006, Leicester North hosted the commemorative speeches marking the 40th anniversary of the closure of the Great Central as a through route from Sheffield to London.
Railway museum
On 8 December 2012 it was announced that an annexe to the National Railway Museum would be built close to Leicester North, although funding for this fell through in December 2017 and alternative funding is being sought.
References
(Main Line is the quarterly news magazine of the preserved Great Central Railway.)
External links
Photo map of Belgrave and Birstall section of railway
Disused railway stations in Leicestershire
Former Great Central Railway stations
Heritage railway stations in Leicestershire
Great Central Railway (preserved)
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1899
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1963
1899 establishments in England
Joseph Patrick O'Malley (January 1, 1932 – March 20, 2015) was an American football defensive end who played two seasons with the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the fourth round of the 1955 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Georgia.
Early years
O'Malley played high school football at Scranton Technical High School in Scranton, Pennsylvania. He earned all-scholastic honors and was the player of the game for the 1950 Scranton Lions Club Dream Game. He also participated in basketball and track and field. In basketball, he set several Lackawanna League scoring records, was widely considered one of the top inside players and was named to The Scranton Times All-Regional team twice. O'Malley was undefeated in the high jump his senior season and also competed in the 440-yard dash, broad jump and the shot put.
College career
O'Malley played college football for the Georgia Bulldogs. He earned second-team All-Southeastern Conference honors his sophomore year. He also competed in track and field. He was named a team captain, earned second-team All-Southeastern Conference honors and was an honorable mention All-American his senior year. In 1999, he was inducted into the University of Georgia Hall of Fame.
Professional career
O'Malley was selected by the Chicago Bears with the 47th pick in the 1955 NFL Draft. He was traded to the Pittsburgh Steelers, appearing in 22 games and starting 9 from 1955 to 1956.
Coaching career
O'Malley became football, basketball, and athletic director at Brown High School in Atlanta, Georgia after his playing career. The basketball team won the AAA state championship in his first year. He was named Class AAA Coach of the Year by the Georgia Athletic Coaches Association in 1968.
Personal life
O'Malley married Sally Dodson in 1956, they had one daughter Shawn O'Malley, then separated and divorced in 1959. He then married schoolteacher Joyce Ervin on August 3, 1960. The couple lived in Conyers, Georgia and had three children Karen, Joseph II and Mike. O'Malley began working at General Wholesale Company in 1970 and retired from the company in 1994. O'Malley was a member of the Holy Spirit Catholic Church in Conyers. After death, he was diagnosed with chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
1932 births
2015 deaths
American football defensive ends
American football players with chronic traumatic encephalopathy
American male track and field athletes
Georgia Bulldogs football players
Georgia Bulldogs track and field athletes
Pittsburgh Steelers players
High school football coaches in Georgia (U.S. state)
High school basketball coaches in Georgia (U.S. state)
Sportspeople from Scranton, Pennsylvania
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Aleksandrov Ridge (, ) is the rocky, partly ice-covered ridge extending 4.7 km in north-northeast to south-southwest direction and 1.7 km wide, rising to 768 m on the west side of Lassus Mountains, northern Alexander Island in Antarctica. It surmounts Narechen Glacier to the south-southeast and Lazarev Bay to the west. The feature is named after the Bulgarian geodesist Borislav Aleksandrov, surveyor at St. Kliment Ohridski base during the 1998/99 and subsequent seasons.
Location
The ridge is located at , which is 10.24 km south by east of Mount Wilbye, 8.7 km southwest of Mount Kliment Ohridski in Sofia University Mountains, 8.77 km west of Rachenitsa Nunatak, 2.7 km north by west of Moriseni Peak and 9.5 km east by north of Faulkner Nunatak. British mapping in 1971.
Maps
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 – W 69 70. Tolworth, UK, 1971
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated
Notes
References
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
Aleksandrov Ridge. SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
External links
Aleksandrov Ridge. Adjusted Copernix satellite image
Devol
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Interior of the Nieuwe Kerk, Amsterdam is a 1657 oil painting on canvas by Emanuel de Witte.
References
1657 paintings
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Four ships of the United States Navy have been named USS Columbus, the first two after the explorer Christopher Columbus, and the other two after Columbus, Ohio, the capital of the state.
, a 24-gun armed ship purchased for the Continental Navy in 1775, and active until she was captured and burned in 1778
, a 74-gun ship of the line commissioned in 1819, and in periodic service until 1861 when she was sunk to prevent capture
, a heavy cruiser commissioned at the very end of World War II, converted to a guided missile cruiser CG-12 in 1959, and decommissioned in 1975
, a attack submarine commissioned in 1993 and in active service
United States Navy ship names
Baird's pocket gopher or the Louisiana pocket gopher (Geomys breviceps) is a species of pocket gopher that is native to the southern United States. In total, there are three almost identical species of eastern pocket gopher; Geomys attwateri, G. bursarius, and G. breviceps. G. breviceps is larger in size, G. attwateri is medium-sized and G. bursarius is a bit smaller. Other than by size variation they are not identifiable by external features. Baird's pocket gophers are small rodents with most of their weight on the top half of their bodies.
Baird's pocket gopher is native to eastern Texas, western Louisiana, eastern Oklahoma and southwestern Arkansas. It is a burrowing creature, meaning it digs tunnels and generally lives underground, except during the rainy seasons. It has sharp, long, curved front claws designed specifically for digging. Generally, it is safe from predators since it lives underground, though other burrowing rodents such as badgers and long tailed weasels may pose a threat. Baird's pocket gopher has bacteria in its digestive system, allowing it to digest various grasses and it is able to re-ingest fecal pellets. It is polygamous and has a high reproductive rate, which is one of the main reasons for its survival. On average, Baird's pocket gopher has two to three babies per litter. It lives about 1 to 2 years in the wild.
Description
The pocket gophers are considered to be medium to small in size in the order Rodentia. Baird's pocket gopher has a cylinder shaped body with most of its weight carried near its head. The zygomatic arch is shorter than the width of the mouth, meaning the dorsal of the animal exceeds the jugal bone. The neck is a little thinner but the heaviest part of the body is carried on the back of the head. The eyes are very small and beadlike and the ears are identified only by a meager flap of skin that follows the top of the temple. The external pouches on the cheeks are fur-lined and used for transporting food. The body gradually tapers from the head to the tail, widening a little at the thighs.
Short hair covers the body and ranges in color from pale brown to black and is usually paler towards the belly area. The tail is short, thick, and bare with very little hair found at the base and averaging in length. The front feet are used for digging and the feet appear as long curved claws; the rear feet are smaller with an average length of . The animals look identical to G. attwateri and G. bursarius. Only genetic testing and range location can distinguish them. The males have an average weight of and a cranium length of , while the average weight for females is with a cranium length of .
Distribution and habitat
Baird's pocket gopher is commonly located on the Gulf Coastal Plains of eastern Texas in three different soil types. It is found in fine sandy Lufkin as well as in Ochlocknee soil types where the topsoil has a depth of less than . The third soil type, Wilson sandy loam, becomes hard and compact when it dries, therefore G. breviceps is not inclined to habituate itself in any soil made of dense clay. The species is less likely to be in soil that has a high moisture content.
Baird's pocket gopher lives a solitary life underground with the ability to create burrows, which are its common form of living quarters. The only time a gopher may retreat from its burrow is during wet months, to avoid being flooded out. On average each burrow is in diameter and is found at depths of underground, making it possible for only one adult gopher to occupy a single burrow system. Burrow systems are very complex and range from in length. The tunnels meander aimlessly through various feeding areas, which indicates that burrowing is primarily done in the search for food. An average mound created by G. breviceps is about in length, and about in height, and is crescent-shaped. During the winter months, the gopher creates special mounds that contain feeding galleries, a nesting chamber, a "bathroom", and food storage chambers.
Diet
Baird's pocket gopher eats grass, tubers, certain roots, and many other types of plant life. It burrows underground and while making its nests obtains food from the roots of different plants in its tunnels. The gophers store the food they gather in small pockets that look like black slits called “cheek pouches” on the side of their head, which is where the name “pocket gopher” was thought to arise [Tumlison: 1]. If there is no food where they burrow, they at least tend to try to find food close to where they are nesting; it is rarely seen above ground. Like other rodents, Baird's Pocket Gopher has gnawing front teeth called incisors, which makes it easier for the animal to dig through dirt and still gather food [Tumlison: 1].
To facilitate the digestion of grasses and other plants, Baird's pocket gophers utilize bacteria in their digestive system, which contains cellulase. Like other mammals or rodents, Baird's pocket gophers re-ingests fecal pellets, which benefits them during the winter and the rainier seasons of the year. The re-ingestion of fecal pellets increases the efficiency of food utilization, which is useful when plants are scarce in these seasons.
References
Further reading
Wilson, Don E. The Smithsonian Book of North American Mammal. UBC Press, 1999
Sulentich, James M. and Williams, Lawrence R. "Geomys breviceps." Mammalian Species." 1991. 10 May 2009
Baird's Pocket Gopher
Mammals of the United States
Mammals described in 1855
Stouffville Aerodrome is located northwest of Stouffville Ontario, Canada.
References
Registered aerodromes in Ontario
Transport in Whitchurch-Stouffville
Buildings and structures in Whitchurch-Stouffville
Chopta Bugyal, also known as "Tungnath Bugyal" or "Rohini Bugyal", is a cluster of Bugyals (Himalayan Alpine Meadows) in Chopta, Rudraprayag district of Uttarakhand. Chopta Bugyal is a trekking and camping destination. The Bugyal has an average elevation of 2,849 m (9,347 ft) and is around 30 km (18.6 mi) from Ukhimath. It is situated on the trek route to Tungnath, the third temple of the Panch Kedar and the highest Shiva temple in the world and Chandrashila, a summit at an altitude of 3,645 m (11,959 ft). Chopta Bugyal is surrounded by forests of pine, deodar and rhododendron and is rich in flora and fauna.
Chopta is a tourist destination during the winter as well as the summer months due to the climatic conditions that the area experiences. Chopta Bugyal remains covered with red carpet rhododendron flowers during the months of March and April. Views of Garhwal Himalayas including Nanda Devi and Chaukhamba can be seen from Chopta Bugyal. Tungnath is located approximately three and a half km from Chopta, and Chandrashila peak is located about five km from Chopta. Deoria Tal is a freshwater lake which is around 20 km (12.4 mi) from here.
References
Geography of Uttarakhand
Montane grasslands and shrublands
Linda Kay Ludgrove (born 8 September 1947) is a retired English backstroke swimmer.
Swimming career
Raised in Sydenham, Ludgrove won individual gold medals at 110 yards backstroke and 220 yards backstroke at both the 1962 and 1966 Commonwealth Games. As part of the English team she won silver in the 1962 4×110 yards medley relay and gold in the 1966 relay.
She competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in the 4×100 m medley relay and the 100 m backstroke and finished fifth and sixth, respectively. She won three medals at the 1962 and 1966 European Championships. At the ASA National British Championships she won the 110 yards backstroke title five times (1962, 1963, 1964, 1966, 1967) and the 220 yards backstroke title three times (1964, 1966, 1967).
She finished third in the 1962 BBC Sports Personality of the Year. She held seven world records. She retired from swimming in 1967.
Personal life
Ludgrove was born to William and Gladys Ludgrove; she has a brother, Terence. After marriage she changed her last name to Lillo.
References
External links
Lewisham Council, Lewisham born athletes
1947 births
Living people
People from Sydenham, London
English female swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Great Britain
Swimmers at the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming
20th-century English women
21st-century English women
The Local Audit and Accountability Act 2014 is a United Kingdom act of parliament. Its main provisions:
abolish the Audit Commission and repeal the Audit Commission Act 1998 (section 1)
establish new arrangements for the audit and accountability of local public bodies
ensure increases set by levying bodies are taken into account when local authorities determine whether they have set an excessive amount of council tax
ensure local authorities comply with the Code of Recommended Practice on Local Authority Publicity (section 39)
allow local residents to film, tweet and blog council meetings
allow the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government to alter the number of electors needed to trigger a parish poll
References
Local government legislation in England and Wales
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 2014
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom concerning England
2014 in England
Audit legislation
Auditing in the United Kingdom
Ostasio II da Polenta (died 1396) was an Italian condottiero and lord of Ravenna.
Biography
Ostasio was the son of Guido III da Polenta, lord of Ravenna.
He served under the Angevines in 1382. Four years later, he fought at the orders of his brother-in-law, Antonio della Scala, lord of Verona, against Francesco da Carrara of Padua. In 1387, he led a corps of 1,500 knights and, along with Giovanni Ordelaffi, he faced the White Company led by John Hawkwood, who had been hired by the Paduans. He was defeated at the Battle of Castagnaro by Hawkwood.
In 1389 (the year in which he had his father imprisoned), he was made papal vicar of Ravenna, a position he held until his death in 1396, reigning together with Obizzo da Polenta and his other brothers.
See also
Da Polenta family
Sources
External links
Page at condottieridiventura.it
Year of birth unknown
1396 deaths
Ostasio 2
14th-century condottieri
People from Ravenna
Xianning () usually refers to a prefecture-level city in Hubei, China.
It may also refer to:
Xianning County, a former name of Beilin District, Xi'an, in Shaanxi, China
Xianning (275–280), an era name used by Emperor Wu of Jin
Xianning (400–401), an era name used by Lü Zuan, emperor of Later Liang
Bhale Mogudu () is a 1987 Telugu-language drama film, produced by S.P. Venkanna Babu under the Maheswari Movies banner and directed by Relangi Narasimha Rao. It stars Rajendra Prasad and Rajani, with music composed by Satyam. This film is the debut of popular TV actress Kinnera. The film was recorded as a Super Hit at the box office.
Plot
The film begins with Rama Krishna (Rajendra Prasad) working as a sales representative at Dhanalakshmi Agencies Pvt. Ltd. He is the most trustworthy employee of his proprietary Koteswara Rao (Satyanarayana), one that makes the company catch the summit with his canny personality. Krishna has a father Shankaram (Gollapudi Maruti Rao), a mother Parvathi (Annapurna), and a younger brother Babji (Subhalekha Sudhakar). Moreover, he is the breadwinner as his father & brother are lazy bugs, so, he uses his same wit to lead the family. Seeta (Rajani), the daughter of Koteswara Rao, is a vainglory woman against traditional customs and dislikes men of falsehood. Once she announces a paper advertisement for a husband and conducts an interview when Krishna bets with his friends to first-rate in it. But after watching Seeta he truly falls for her without knowing her identity. Here, Krishna concocts before her by falsifying himself as a multi-millionaire with a great paternal background, believing it, Seeta loves him. Right now, Seeta introduces Krishna to her father. Nevertheless, Koteswara Rao happily agrees to the match, in virtue of Krishna's righteousness, and asks him to maintain secrecy until the completion of their marriage. Soon after the wedlock, the truth comes forward when Seeta revolts on her father & Krishna. Thereafter, she moves to her in-law's house where she humiliates Krishna with her deeds. The rest of the story is about how Krishna makes Seeta realize his love & rectitude.
Cast
Rajendra Prasad as Rama Krishna
Rajani as Seeta
Satyanarayana as Koteswara Rao
Gollapudi Maruti Rao as Shakaram
Subhalekha Sudhakar as Babji
Ranganath as I.G.
Suthi Veerabhadra Rao as Manmadha Rao
Suthi Velu as Gopala Rao
Rallapalli as Simhachalam
Sakshi Ranga Rao
Bheemiswara Rao
Chidatala Appa Rao as Sweet Shop Owner
Mithai Chitti
Tata Appa Rao
Annapurna as Parvathi
Disco Shanti as Lilly
Kinnera as Lakshmi
Maya as Rangamma
Y. Vijaya as Sundaramma
Soundtrack
Soundtrack composed by Chellapilla Satyam was released through T-Series music label. Lyrics were written by Aatreya and Sirivennela Seetharama Sastry.
Other
VCDs and DVDs on - SHALIMAR Video Company, Hyderabad
References
Films scored by Satyam (composer)
1980s Telugu-language films
Films directed by Relangi Narasimha Rao
Colombia Justa Libres () is a Colombian political party founded in 2017, that politically groups the majority of evangelical denominations in the country, such as Assemblies of God, Foursquare Church, Peace Mission to the Nations, Spring of Eternal Life, among others. During the 2018 Colombian parliamentary election, four of its members were elected to the Congress of Colombia. Ahead of the 2022 legislative election, the party formed the Nos Une Colombia coalition with the MIRA.
Ideology
The party adheres to conservatism in the anti-abortion framework.
History
Colombia Justa Libres (in English, Fair Free Colombia, CJL) emerged from a merger of two political movements:
Libres, a movement that had already participated in the 2015 Colombian regional and municipal elections, launched a list to the Bogotá city council with Ricardo Arias Mora, leader of the movement, as a candidate for Mayor of Bogotá. Arias obtained about 100,000 votes, in addition, he presented the project of the ministry of the family to former President Juan Manuel Santos, after the plebiscite on the Colombian peace accords of 2016. The list to the Bogotá city council exceeded 70,000 votes and got a representative: Emel Rojas.
Colombia Justa began when Pastor Héctor Pardo of the Tabernáculo de la Fe Church and pastors Eduardo Cañas of the Manantial de Vida Church and John Milton Rodríguez of the Misión Paz a las Naciones Church participated in the peace dialogues between the Santos government and the FARC. After the meetings, they became disenchanted with participating in the dialogues, claiming that it "facilitated" the FARC's access to power. The three pastors invited more leaders from Colombia. Four national and more than seventy regional calls were made to communicate with victims of the armed conflict, military, Afro-descendants and indigenous, founding Colombia Justa.
Colombia Justa and Libres subsequently constituted to be a significant group of citizens Colombia Justa Libres on 11 December 2017. In the 2018 Colombian parliamentary election, it managed to obtain 431,506 votes, 3%, which is necessary to constitute itself as a political party, achieving three senators and one representative.
During the 2019 local elections, they supported the then-candidate Miguel Uribe Turbay and managed to reach two seats in the Bogotá council.
In 2021, differences between the leadership of the party, on the resignation of Pastor Eduardo Cañas and the designation, which made his position was replaced by another of the directors: John Milton Rodríguez, a thing that was against the statutes of the party, as who should choose the replacement was the Council of Elders of the party. Subsequently, Rodríguez as the presidential candidate of the party, with the permission of the party Supervisor Héctor Pardo, since he is not officially opposed, holds a parallel assembly designating himself as the presidential candidate of the party, to which the other members oppose, mainly Ricardo Arias who was also the presidential candidate of the party, even the Pardo supervisor, who then resigns from office, and Arias leads a lawsuit for this fact, before the Electoral Council.
Representatives
Council of Bogotá
Emel Rojas Castillo
Marco Acosta Rico
House of Representatives
Representative for Bogotá: Carlos Eduardo Acosta Lozano
Senate of the Republic
John Milton Rodríguez
Edgar Enrique Palacio
Election results
Legislative elections
Religious sector coalition
In September 2021, the directors and congressmen of Colombia Justa Libres made an agreement with the MIRA party to present joint lists to the Senate and the Chamber in more than 7 departments or constituencies, calling it the Nos Une Colombia coalition. It seeks to promote and/or defend religious freedom in Colombia by means of elected congressmen.
See also
Religion in Colombia
References
External links
Political parties established in 2017
Protestant political parties
Protestantism in Colombia
Christian democratic parties in Colombia
Mandara Spa is a global spa management company founded in Bali and now under the company Steiner Leisure Limited, publicly listed in Nasdaq (STNR). Steiner was purchased in 2016 by private equity firm Catterton.
The name Mandara comes from an ancient Sanskrit legend about the gods' quest to find the elixir of immortality and eternal youth. Mandara Spa has commercially exploited this legend.
History
Founded in Bali, Indonesia in 1996 by Thomas Gottlieb and John Pritzker, Mandara Spa was one of the pioneers of the tropical Asian spa experience. The first Mandara Spa opened in May 1996 at The Chedi (now Alila Ubud) in Ubud, Bali. In 1998, it began operating in Malaysia and the following year, in 1999, it expanded into the Maldives and Thailand. In 1998, Mandara Spa formed the US-based division, headquartered in Hawaii, to develop spas outside of Asia.
Shiseido Company
Mandara Spa ceased to be a 100% privately owned company in 2000, when Shiseido Co. of Japan bought a 40% stake in its worldwide operations. In 2001, the remaining 60% of shares were sold to Steiner Leisure Limited, a Nasdaq (STNR) listed company.
Steiner Leisure Ltd
In December 2002 Steiner Leisure Limited became the sole owner of Mandara Spa after acquiring the 40% equity interests from Shiseido. Steiner Leisure Limited is a global provider of spa services and operations, a manufacturer and distributor of overpriced skin, body and hair care products and an accredited educator teaching massage, skincare, and spa management. Steiner Leisure's Maritime and Resort Spa divisions operate in over 175 venues on land and at sea. Mandara Spa now operates as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Steiner Leisure, with Jeff Matthews as President and Chief Operating Officer of its Asian, and middle eastern region and Bruce Pine, Senior Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer, Land-based spas, in all other regions.
Business Model
Mandara Spa is a spa management company, it is not an owning company. The company operates much the same as a hotel Management Company would. A hotel owner or manager offers up space, Mandara Spa comes in and does everything from design & construction, right through to fit out. Mandara Spa also designs the treatment menu and brings in the staff. Finally, Mandara Spa continues to manage the business on an ongoing basis.
The business model for Mandara Spa varies according to the needs of each hotel. In some cases, Mandara Spa takes a percentage of revenues & profits, just like a hotel company would. In other cases, Mandara Spa takes on the costs of the operation and shares a percentage of top-line revenue only with the hotel. In some cases, the hotel and Mandara Spa share both costs and revenues and split the profits.
References
Spas
The Merchant City Festival is a major cultural festival taking place in Glasgow's Merchant City area.
Attracting more than 55,000 people, the four-day Festival presents the cream of Scotland's theatre, music, visual arts, comedy, dance, film, fashion and food scene.
The Festival presents opera singers in the courtyards and squares performing alongside cutting-edge live art, street theatre, iconoclastic comedy and music from every genre in the bars and on the street. It also has a quirky short film programme that places films in estate agents, hairdressers and tattoo parlours. Many of the events are free of charge.
The Merchant City Festival has attracted an extensive range of supporters and contributors from festival directors to national organisations such as Scottish Opera, Scottish Ballet and BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra.
A ‘festival of festivals', it has worked with established festivals such as New Moves International, the Glasgow International Comedy Festival, Glasgow International Jazz Festival, Big in Falkirk and Glasgay! An international context is provided by the Directors' Choice programme that provides a remarkable range of street artists selected from festival directors throughout Europe.
The 2008 Merchant City Festival was held in September.
The Merchant City Festival is produced by UZ Events in partnership with Glasgow City Marketing Bureau.
Celtic Music Radio broadcast live from the 2008 festival on 1530kHz and on the internet, from an Outside Broadcast location in Merchant Square.
External links
Merchant City Festival website
Merchant City Photographs
Festivals in Glasgow
Tourist attractions in Glasgow
Cultural festivals in Scotland
Theatre festivals in Scotland
Opera in Scotland
Nas Portas do Cu (Portuguese for "At the Doors of the Ass") is the fourteenth studio album by the Brazilian musician Rogério Skylab, and the second installment of a trilogy, the "Trilogia do Cu" ("Trilogy of the Ass"). It was released on January 1, 2019, and is available for free download on the musician's official website and for streaming.
The album and the trilogy it is part of as a whole were originally announced by Skylab on his official Facebook page on March 7, 2018. On a later post, from December 3, he stated that production of Nas Portas do Cu was "nearing completion" and that it would be released on January 1 of the following year. Lívio Tragtenberg, who collaborated with Skylab on the Skylab & Tragtenberg trilogy of albums, contributed with Nas Portas do Cu by pre-mixing the album and providing the samples.
The track "Catatau" is a reference to the eponymous experimental novel by Paulo Leminski, originally published in 1975.
Critical reception
Writing for webzine Esquinas, owned by the Cásper Líbero Foundation, Henrique Artuni spoke very favorably of Nas Portas do Cu, calling it an album "whose greatness can be compared to Skylab VII, Skylab X and Skygirls". He also praised Skylab as a "chameleonic artist", and noted how he and his music visibly "matured" over time.
Track listing
Personnel
Rogério Skylab – vocals, production
Thiago Martins – electric guitar, classical guitar
Yves Aworet – bass guitar
Alex Curi – drums
Lívio Tragtenberg – pre-mixing, sampling
Vânius Marques – mixing, mastering
Solange Venturi – cover art
References
2019 albums
Rogério Skylab albums
Self-released albums
Sequel albums
Obscenity controversies in music
Albums free for download by copyright owner
Phtheochroa johnibrowni is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Jalisco, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
USCGC Alert (WMEC-630) is a United States Coast Guard medium endurance cutter and is the last medium endurance cutter constructed. The keel was laid on 5 January 1968 at the United States Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland, and she was commissioned on Coast Guard Day, 4 August 1969. Alert derives her name from the early 19th century revenue cutter , which served in the early days of the Revenue Cutter Service.
External links
Alert home page
Reliance-class cutters
Alert (WMEC-630)
Ships built by the United States Coast Guard Yard
1969 ships
State Route 368 (SR 368) is a state highway in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. It is entirely within Elbert County and connects the Elberton area with South Carolina. It was originally built in 1940 as SR 82 and was redesignated as SR 368 in 1970.
Route description
SR 368 begins at an intersection with SR 77 (Hartwell Highway) north of Elberton and travels to the northeast, through unincorporated and generally rural areas of the county. The highway crosses the backwaters of Lake Russell, before crossing over the main channel of the lake and terminating at the South Carolina state line. There, the roadway continues as South Carolina Highway 184.
SR 368 is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
History
The highway that would eventually become SR 368 was built in 1940 as SR 82. This highway was on a more eastern alignment than the current route. By 1942, the entire route was paved. In 1943, the highway was shifted to its current alignment. In 1970, the entire length of SR 82 was redesignated as SR 368.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
Georgia Roads (Routes 361 - 380)
368
Transportation in Elbert County, Georgia
Sutherland River Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
Sutherland River Park and Protected Area is located at the east end of Babine Lake. It makes up a portion of the Sutherland River Drainage. In 2000, Sutherland River Park was designated a class A Park following the recommendation of the Lakes Land and Resource Management Plan. In 1999 it was designated a protected area by the Vanderhoof Land and Resource Management Plan.
The Sutherland River is a spawning site for sockeye and steelhead fish, as well as being a habitat for moose, grizzly bears, and wolves.
The park offers fishing, canoeing and kayaking, hiking, camping and hunting.
External links
Sutherland River Provincial Park and Protected Area from the British Columbia Ministry of Environment
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Regional District of Bulkley-Nechako
Protected areas established in 2001
2001 establishments in British Columbia
The 1979 Gator Bowl was a college football bowl game played on December 28, 1979. The North Carolina Tar Heels of the Atlantic Coast Conference defeated the Michigan Wolverines of the Big Ten Conference, 17–15.
Background
An 8-1 start (With a loss to #9 Notre Dame) had propelled Michigan to being ranked 10th in the polls, before a loss to #14 Purdue followed by a loss to #2 Ohio State at home made them fall to 14th in the polls and finish 3rd in the Big Ten Conference. The Tar Heels had started 4-0 and were ranked #14 before a loss to Wake Forest started a 1-3-1 middle stretch that ended with victories over Virginia and Duke to make them finish 5th in the Atlantic Coast Conference. This was Michigan's first Gator Bowl appearance. This was North Carolina's third ever Gator Bowl appearance.
Scoring summary
First quarter
No score
Second quarter
Michigan - Virgil, 20-yard field goal
Michigan - Anthony Carter, 53-yard pass from John Wangler (kick failed)
North Carolina - Doug Paschal, 1-yard run (Hayes kick)
Third quarter
North Carolina - Phil Farris 12-yard pass from Matt Kupec (Hayes kick)
Fourth quarter
North Carolina - Hayes 32-yard field goal
Michigan - Anthony Carter 30-yard pss from B. J. Dickey (B.J. Dickey pass failed)
References
External links
Summary at Bentley Historical Library, University of Michigan Athletics History
Gator Bowl
Gator Bowl
Michigan Wolverines football bowl games
North Carolina Tar Heels football bowl games
20th century in Jacksonville, Florida
December 1979 sports events in the United States
1979 in sports in Florida
Shabdar Osyp (Mari: Шабда́р О́сып, 8 April 1898, Malaya Luzhala – 11 November 1937) was a Mari author.
He was born as Iosif Arkhipovich Shabdarov () in the village of Izi Luzhalu in Mari El.
He started writing poetry in 1918. He studied at a pedagogical college in Kazan.
Like most of the Mari intelligentsia at the time, he became a victim of stalinism and was executed in Yoshkar-Ola on 11 November 1937. He was rehabilitated posthumously.
1898 births
1937 deaths
People from Sernursky District
People from Tsaryovokokshaysky Uyezd
Great Purge victims from Russia
Mari people executed by the Soviet Union
Soviet rehabilitations
The West Santa Ana Branch Transit Corridor is a planned light rail line, mostly following the Pacific Electric's historic West Santa Ana Branch, connecting Downtown Los Angeles to the City of Artesia and other cities in southeastern Los Angeles County.
Overview
The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Metro) has $4 billion in funds available for construction planned to begin in 2022. The plan included in the Measure M transportation funding measure is to build improvements in two stages.
In June 2017, Metro issued a Request for Proposals to study alternatives for this new LA Metro Rail route. Metro has narrowed the options to two alternatives and are currently preparing to publish the Draft EIS/EIR for public comment. The draft EIS/EIR is planned to be released in 2020.
The project's timeline is expected to be accelerated under the Twenty-eight by '28 initiative.
The environmental impact report released in 2021 set an estimated cost of $8.6 billion for the line.
Proposed routings and modes
The West Santa Ana Branch Transit Corridor project is proposed as a light rail transit line that would connect downtown Los Angeles to Artesia. Along the route, it would also serve the communities of Vernon, Huntington Park, Bell, Cudahy, South Gate, Downey, Paramount, Bellflower and Cerritos in the southeast area of the county.
The southern portion route, east and south of Slauson, leaves the A Line corridor via the former Pacific Electric Whittier Line, continues south on a former BNSF rail line (Florence/Salt Lake to Paramount/Rosecrans), and then transitions to the old Santa Ana right of way (south of Paramount/Rosecrans). These corridors are owned by Ports of Los Angeles/Long Beach and Metro, requiring minimal property acquisition.
The northern alignment through Downtown Los Angeles is being studied as possible underground light rail transit route. Six options were proposed. , two options were being considered (both of which would connect to the southern alignment by paralleling the A Line between Washington and Slauson stations, as well as part of an existing freight rail line along Randolph Street):
Alameda Street (Alternative E): A subway under Alameda, passing through the Arts District and connecting to the L Line at Little Tokyo before continuing on to Los Angeles Union Station.
Downtown Transit Core (Alternative G): Would deviate westward from the Alameda route in the Arts District and continue downtown via a subway, terminating at either 7th Street/Metro Center or Pershing Square.
By March 2018, Cerritos had opted out of the project, leaving the southern terminus at Pioneer. In November 2018, Metro removed the Blue Line stations north of Slauson from the study area, citing redundant service and expedited travel times as the prime reasons.
In 2019, Metro announced that as part of its design analysis, it would study opening the line in two stages, with the initial opening $1 billion segment running from Pioneer Station in Artesia north to Slauson Station on the Blue Line, with the remainder of the $3 billion route into downtown built as phase two. Metro staff were "optimistic" that it would be feasible to build the line to Slauson by 2028 with existing Measure M funds. Metro was also studying public-private partnerships that could accelerate the construction schedule of the entire line. The service is not planned to interline with the A Line to 7th Street/Metro Center due to operational constraints. Under the proposed plans, design for the initial segment would be complete by 2021 and construction would begin in 2022.
Route Selection: Alternative: E
By 2022, the Metro Board backed the Union Station option as the northern terminus. Construction on the segment south of Slauson was expected to begin construction in 2023 with an estimated opening of 2033 to 2035. The second phase north of Slauson to Union Station is expected to be completed in 2043 at the earliest.
Stations
Extension into Orange County
Metro is evaluating an optional station in Cerritos at Bloomfield Avenue (just north of the Los Angeles-Orange county line) to facilitate a possible future extension into Orange County; it would eventually connect to the under construction OC Streetcar, which also uses part of the Pacific Electric WSAB right-of-way.
References
External links
Measure R
West Santa Ana Branch Transit Corridor
Transportation in Los Angeles
Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority
Public transportation in Los Angeles
Public transportation in Los Angeles County, California
Proposed railway lines in California
2033 in rail transport
"Smokin' Hot" is the 14th episode of the fourth season of the American comedy-drama series, Ugly Betty, and the 79th episode overall. It originally aired on ABC in the United States on February 10, 2010.
Plot
It is Fashion Week at Mode and Daniel helps Betty cover a low-priority show, this after Betty is singled out by Wilhelmina, who then gives her something else to do a story on, like the history of the sewing machine. However, thanks to a malfunction in Daniel's new Bluetooth headset that recorded a conversation between Daniel and Wilhelmina about Betty that later shows up on Betty's cellphone, Betty ends up giving Daniel the cold shoulder at work but she forgives him.
Betty discovers a new designer called Marisa, and decides to help promote her as one of the 10 Designers to Watch, however she faces stiff competition from Marc, who gives her tips on how to pitch the designer to Wilhelmina. During the pitching, Marc does the talking while Betty plays Vanna White, but after winning over Wilhelmina, Marc ends up getting all the credit instead of Betty, leaving her furious with him for failing to give her credit. Amanda, jealous of Betty and Marc moving up in the world, teams up with Helen to create a new clothing line to make the list, but struggles to persuade Marc and Betty to lobby Wilhelmina on her behalf. Both Marc and Betty agree that even though Amanda and Helen have great ideas, they cannot pitch the idea to Wilhelmina and come clean to an upset Amanda.
Daniel gets seduced into male modeling, which is spurred on by Wilhelmina who hopes to add more male models to the event after several of the females bail out. Claire's (Judith Light) son, Tyler, arrives in New York to find his mother, only to get sidetracked by Wilhelmina, who mistakes him for a male model and makes him part of the show, where he becomes the reason for Daniel's attempts to try to become a model. Daniel tries his best to walk, talk and act like a model, but realizes that at his age and with his excess weight that he is not cut out to be a model and opts out of the event.
At the Suarez home, Ignacio brings home a huge chandelier from the restaurant, which seems to have problems, and Hilda tells Bobby she wishes her salon would be struck by lightning, so she can use the insurance money. However, just as Betty comes home later that afternoon, Marisa, feeling nervous about the event, asks Betty if she can leave her designs at the place. This is later followed by Amanda, who stops by that evening to apologize to Betty. When Marisa stops by to tell Betty that she wants to back out but Betty calms her down, the three see Bobby yelling after they smell smoke coming from the salon as the Suarez home mysteriously catches fire and Marisa's designs are ruined.
Despite the damages, and thanks to a suggestion from Justin, Betty, Marisa and Amanda redesign the burned outfits to make them "Smokin' Hot", and Marisa's show is saved, although Wilhelmina ends up getting the credit for "discovering" Marisa. Also at the event, Helen tells Marc and Amanda that she got engaged to a guy she met during the show, while Betty and Marc reassure Amanda that she does have talent as a stylist. Just as Claire and Tyler discover each other at the event, Claire does come clean to Tyler afterwards, but tells him not to say anything about being her son yet. However, when Daniel sees Tyler talking to Claire, Claire lies to Daniel, who remarks that he is glad that he will not have to see Tyler again, which hurts Claire's feelings.
As for that fire at the Suarez home, Bobby consoles Hilda and tells her that because of the fire that she will be able to collect the insurance. This put doubts into Hilda's head but unaware at the same time outside the house, just as Justin prepares to take out the trash... Justin takes out a pack of cigarettes and a lighter from his jacket and puts them in the trash bag to cover his tracks.
When Betty thanks Wilhelmina for letting Marisa on the show and tells her that she has not been a fan of her taste, Wilhelmina tells her she noticed Betty being afraid of her, comparing it to her own experience with Fey Sommers. Wilhelmina says she never doubted herself, and reassures Betty that taste is having courage in one's own convictions. She then compliments Betty's shoes, which match hers.
Production
"Smokin' Hot" was written by Brian Tanen and directed by John Scott. It first aired on 10 February 2010 in the United States on ABC, but was originally scheduled to air on 3 February 2010. Kristen Johnston, who previously starred on the American NBC sitcom 3rd Rock from the Sun, makes another guest appearance as Helen, Amanda's friend and temporary roommate. It was reported last year that Johnston took over the role after Paula Abdul left. John Tartaglia, best known for roles puppeteering Princeton and Rod for the Broadway musical Avenue Q, also makes a guest appearance.
Ratings
Smokin' Hot posted a small increase in numbers from the previous week, with 4.7 million viewers tuning in and a 1.7/5 among 18-49s.
Reception
Entertainment Weekly writer Tanner Stransky said the episode 'had it all'; "A fire at the Queens home of the Suarez clan, Fashion Week, yet another guest spot from the always hilarious Kristen Johnston, male models and the reappearance of Suzuki St. Pierre."
References
External links
"Smokin' Hot" at the Internet Movie Database
"Smokin' Hot" at ABC
See also
Ugly Betty
Ugly Betty (season 4)
Ugly Betty (season 4) episodes
2010 American television episodes
Rule 144A. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") provides a safe harbor from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 for certain private resales of minimum $500,000 units of restricted securities to qualified institutional buyers (QIBs), which generally are large institutional investors that own at least $100 million in investable assets. When a broker or dealer is selling securities in reliance on Rule 144A, it may make offers to non-QIBs through general solicitations following an amendment to the Rule in 2012.
Since its adoption, Rule 144A has greatly increased the liquidity of the securities affected. This is because the institutions can now trade these formerly restricted securities amongst themselves, thereby eliminating the restrictions that are imposed to protect the public. Rule 144A was implemented to induce foreign companies to sell securities in the US capital markets. For firms registered with the SEC or a foreign company providing information to the SEC, financial statements need not be provided to buyers. Rule 144A has become the principal safe harbor on which non-U.S. companies rely when accessing the U.S. capital markets.
Originally, in 1990, the Nasdaq Stock Market offered a compliance review process which granted The Depository Trust Company (DTC) book-entry access to Rule 144A securities. That review was later abandoned as unnecessary. Nasdaq launched an Electronic Trading Platform for Rule 144A securities called PORTAL.
Rule 144A should not be confused with Rule 144, which permits public (as opposed to private) unregistered resales of restricted and controlled securities within certain limits.
References
External links
17 CFR 230.144A - Private resales of securities to institutions
Rule 144A
The 2015 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship for Women Division C was the 10th edition of the Division C of the FIBA U18 Women's European Championship, the third tier of the European women's under-18 basketball championship. It was played in Gibraltar from 6 to 11 July 2015. Scotland women's national under-18 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
Final standings
References
2015
2015–16 in European women's basketball
FIBA U18
Sports competitions in Gibraltar
FIBA
Immaculate Conception Parish - Roman Catholic parish, designated for Polish immigrants in Indian Orchard, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded 1904. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
Parish scheduled to close in 2009 but parish given an extension by the Bishop of Springfield to June 2010.
The parish is seeking to become an Historical District to protect all the buildings. On September 18, 2010, it was announced that the bishop had accepted the parish's long-term plan and reconsidered his decision. Immaculate Conception will remain open.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Immaculate Conception - Diocesan Information
Immaculate Conception - ParishesOnline.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Pastoral planning in Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Members of Immaculate Conception Church in Springfield's Indian Orchard vow to fight to keep parish alive
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
1904 establishments in Massachusetts
Christian organizations established in 1904
Left-Handed Law is a 1937 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Frances Guihan. It is based on the 1936 novel Left Handed Law by Charles M. Martin. The film stars Buck Jones, Noel Francis, Nina Quartero, Frank LaRue, Lee Shumway, Robert Frazer, Lee Phelps, George Regas and Matty Fain. The film was released on April 1, 1937, by Universal Pictures.
Plot
Wells Fargo sends agent Alamo Bowie in order to stop "One-Shot" Brady and his gang, after following a couple clues, Alamo gets into a showdown with Brady.
Cast
Buck Jones as Alamo Bowie
Noel Francis as Betty Golden
Nina Quartero as Chiquita
Frank LaRue as John Golden
Lee Shumway as Pecos Brown
Robert Frazer as Tom Willis
Lee Phelps as Sheriff Joe Grant
George Regas as Sam Logan
Matty Fain as 'One-Shot' Brady
W. E. Lawrence as Henchman
Charles Le Moyne as Brazos
Harold Hodge as Hank
Silver as Silver
References
External links
1937 films
1930s English-language films
American Western (genre) films
1937 Western (genre) films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Lesley Selander
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Paul Deslandes, full name Nicolas Théodore Paulin Deslandes, (1806 – 25 April 1866) was a 19th-century French playwright.
A singer at the Opéra Comique where he made his debut 3 April 1832, his plays were presented on the most important Parisian stages of the 19th century: Théâtre du Vaudeville, Théâtre du Palais-Royal, Théâtre de l'Ambigu etc.
He is buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. The bronze bust of E. Levêque adorning his tomb was beheaded by vandals.
Works
1833: Étienne et Robert, drame populaire in 1 act, mingled with couplets, with Charles Didier
1833: La Modiste et le lord, comédie-anecdote mingled with song, in 2 acts, with Didier
1834: L'École des ivrognes, tableau populaire mingled with couplets, with Didier
1835: Le Lycéen, comédie en vaudeville in 1 act, with Didier
1835: Le Vendu, tableau populaire, in 1 act, mingled with couplets, with Didier
1836: L'Enfant du faubourg, drame populaire in 3 acts, mingled with couplets, with Didier
1836: L'art de ne pas payer son terme, ou Avis aux propriétaires, vaudeville in 1 act, with Didier
1836 Théodore, ou Heureux quand même, vaudeville in 1 act, with Jean-François-Alfred Bayard
1836: Un véritable amour, drama in 3 acts, mingled with song, with Didier
1837: L'Ange gardien, comedy in 3 acts, mingled with song, with Dupeuty
1837: Les Deux mères, vaudeville in 2 acts, with Eugène Cormon and Didier
1837: Haïdée la pestiférée, ou Femme, mère et maîtresse, drama in 3 acts
1837: Portier, je veux de tes cheveux !, historical anecdote in 1 act, with Théodore Cogniard and Didier
1838: A bas les hommes !, vaudeville in 2 acts, with Cogniard brothers and Ernest Jaime
1839: Dagobert, ou la Culotte à l'envers, drame historique et drôlatique, in 3 acts and in verses, preceded by a prologue speech in verses, by Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges, Adolphe de Leuven and Deslandes, with de Leuven and de Saint-Georges
1839: Les Travestissemens, opéra comique in 1 act
1842: Tabarin, comedy in 3 acts mingled with couplets, with Dumanoir
1843: Les Canuts, comedy in 2 acts, mingled with couplets, with Antoine-François Varner
1843: Le Noctambule, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Varner
1848: Le Buveur d'eau, tableau populaire in 1 act, with Charles Dupeuty
1848: Les Deux anges gardiens, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act
1848: Un et un font un, vaudeville in 1 act, with Adrien Decourcelle
1848: Mignonne, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act
1849: L'Impertinent, comédie-vaudeville in 2 acts, with Jean-François-Alfred Bayard
1850: Castagnette, vaudeville in 1 act
1850: La Gamine, vaudeville in 1 act
1851: Les Deux prudhommes, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act
1851: Jeanne, comédie-vaudeville in 3 acts, with Auguste Anicet-Bourgeois and Raymond Deslandes
1852: La Poissarde, ou les Halles en 1804, drama in 5 acts, with Ernest Bourget and Dupeuty
1853: Où peut-on être mieux ?, vaudeville in 1 act, with Charles Potier
1853: La Peine du talion, vaudeville in 1 act
1854: Bertrand, c'est Raton, vaudeville in 1 act
1854: Une idée de jeune fille, vaudeville in 1 act
1855: Le Jeu du cœur, vaudeville in 3 acts
1856: Un enfant du siècle, play in 3 acts, with Joachim Duflot
1857: Le Conscrit de Mont-rouge, drama in 5 acts, including 1 prologue
1857: Isambart marié, vaudeville in 3 acts
1858: La Noce de Tronquette, tableau populaire in 1 act
1858: Vingt ans ou la Vie d'un séducteur, drame-vaudeville en 5 acts, with Potier, 1858
1859: Les chevaliers du pince-nez, comédie vaudeville in 2 acts, with Eugène Grangé and Lambert-Thiboust, 1859
1860: Colombe et pinson, vaudeville in 1 act
1861: Grain-de-sable, vaudeville in 2 acts
1863: La Dernière grisette, vaudeville in 3 acts
1863: Pataud, vaudeville in 1 act
1867: Le Père Gachette, drama in 5 acts, in 8 tableaux
undated: Album lyrique composé de romances, rondes et chansonnettes
Bibliography
Pierre Larousse, Nouveau Larousse illustré: dictionnaire universel, 1898, (p. 660)
Jean-Louis Tamvaco, Ivor Forbes Guest, Les cancans de l'Opéra, 2000, (p. 610)
References
External links
Paulin Deslandes on Data.bnf.fr
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
19th-century French singers
Writers from Paris
1806 births
1866 deaths
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
Brest Castle () evolved in the course of several centuries from the Slavonic fortified settlement Berestye that had appeared at the turn of the 10th and 11th centuries at the confluence of the Mukhavets River into the Bug River, amid islands, formed by the rivers. It was re-built several times after numerous fires and sieges, was destroyed in the course of construction of the Brest Fortress in the 19th century.
Early history
There is only scarce textual data about the site of the castle before the 16th century. A record of 1017 in Thietmar's Chronicle: “Caesar … comperit, Ruszorum regem… nilque ibi ad urbem possessam profecisse”, that mentions Berestye as “urbs”. Caesar i.e. Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor learnt in 1017 that the prince of Rus' prince Yaroslav the Wise had attacked Duke of Poland Bolesław and he had gained nothing but captured Berestye. As there are no further details in the chronicle, the word “urbs” in Latin could denote a fortified settlement or a sort of fortress.
A record of 1182 in the chronicle Chronica seu originale regum et principum Poloniae of the famous Polish chronicler Vincent Kadlubko narrates, that “Qui Russiam ingressus primam Brestensium urbem aggreditur; tam viris, quam arte ac loci situ munitissimam obsidionum undique arctat angustiis”. Here the chronicler narrates, that Brest was the first to be attacked by Casimir II the Just, who raided into the lands of Rus, Brest offered defiance when it was besieged. The chronicler describes Brest as a most protected place by people, art of fortification and location, implying its protection by rivers and their several branches, however, the word “urbs” in Latin gives no answer, what was besieged: a fortified town or just a sort of fortress.
In a document of 1099, written in the Old East Slavic, Berestye is mentioned as “grad” i.e. gord for the first time. There is a record in the Russian Primary Chronicle dating back to 1276 that narrates about the construction of a “grad” and a tower by Vladimir Vasilkovich. The tower was similar to the Tower of Kamyanyets according to the chronicle. Probably, it was a keep like the Tower of Kamyanyets, dominating over the castle, yet little evidence remains as the tower was razed when the Brest Fortress was built in the 19th century.
Urban castle
In 1390, by the royal charter Władysław II Jagiełło, acting as a Grand Duke of Lithuania and King of Poland, granted Magdeburg rights to the city. The charter mentioned the position of Castellan. If there was a castellan before 1390, one can admit, there was a castle in Brest earlier. Nevertheless, after 1390, becoming an urban castle, it was not only a site, fortified with military buildings, but a centre of administration, a symbol of power. It was important centre, controlling population and their various activities, traffic along three major trade routes meeting in Brest. In 1554, Brest was granted urban coat of arms, showing the castle at the confluence of two rivers.
Lay-out
The first inventory of Brest and its castle appeared in 1566. It provides a detailed textual description and measurements of the castle that enables to study its location and spatial arrangement. The first graphic images and plans of Brest and its castle were made in 1657 by Erik Dahlberg. One of his maps and a panoramic view was published in 1696 in a book written by Samuel von Pufendorf. Charles X Gustav of Sweden was aware of the key position of Brest and he ordered E.Dahlberg to design an impregnable fortified town.
Archeological excavations
The first excavations on the site of the former castle were carried out by the Polish officer Tomasz Marian Żuk-Rybicki in 1938. Some elements of fortification were found. It was necessary to continue the work, yet WW2 broke out in 1939 and the results of the excavation were unknown till the 1990s.
The archaeological excavation in 1968–81, headed by P.F.Lysenko provided numerous and various objects, remains of wooden structures, household utensils, weapons that are displayed today in the Berestye Archeological Museum, yet remains of the castle structures were not found.
In 2013 the archaeological excavation was resumed. There were some findings that look promising.
References
Castles in Belarus
Castles of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania
Former castles in Belarus
Ladislav Smoljak (9 December 1931 – 6 June 2010) was a Czech film and theater director, actor and screenwriter. He was born in Prague.
Smoljak tried to study at an art academy but failed the admission process. He went on to study physics and mathematics, and later worked as journalist and scriptwriter. Together with Zdeněk Svěrák he founded the Theater of Jára Cimrman (Divadlo Járy Cimrmana, DJC) in Prague, named after a fictitious genius. Smoljak wrote scripts and directed several films; these became very successful in the Czech Republic.
He died of cancer on 6 June 2010 in Kladno.
Filmography
Screenplay
1974 Jáchyme, hoď ho do stroje! (with Zdeněk Svěrák and Oldřich Lipský)
1976 Marečku, podejte mi pero! (with Zdeněk Svěrák)
1976 Na samotě u lesa (with Zdeněk Svěrák)
1978 Ball Lightning (with Zdeněk Svěrák and Zdeněk Podskalský)
1980 Trhák (with Zdeněk Svěrák)
1983 Jára Cimrman ležící, spící (with Zdeněk Svěrák)
1984 Rozpuštěný a vypuštěný (with Zdeněk Svěrák)
1987 Nejistá sezóna (with Zdeněk Svěrák)
Director
1978 Ball Lightning (with Zdeněk Podskalský)
1981 Vrchní, prchni!
1983 Jára Cimrman ležící, spící
1984 Rozpuštěný a vypuštěný
1987 Nejistá sezóna
1990 Tvrdý chleba – TV film
1990 Motýl na anténě – TV film
1992 Osvětová přednáška v Suché Vrbici – TV film
1992 Ať ten kůň mlčí! – TV film
1996 ''Dvě z policejní brašny – TV film
References
External links
Biography (in Czech)
1931 births
2010 deaths
Czech male stage actors
Czech male film actors
Czech male television actors
20th-century Czech dramatists and playwrights
Czech male dramatists and playwrights
Czech screenwriters
Czech theatre directors
Recipients of Medal of Merit (Czech Republic)
Deaths from cancer in the Czech Republic
Writers from Prague
Film directors from Prague
20th-century male writers
Burials at Olšany Cemetery
Justin Harper (born August 30, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for Koshigaya Alphas of the B. League. He played college basketball for the University of Richmond.
College career
As a senior with Richmond, Harper averaged 17.9 points and 6.9 rebounds while shooting 53 percent from the field, and he was named to the first-team All-Atlantic 10, along with teammate Kevin Anderson. Harper was recognized as an All-Fourth District first-team selection by the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
Professional career
Harper was selected with the 32nd overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers, who subsequently traded his draft rights to the Orlando Magic. During the 2011 NBA lockout, Harper played in France for SIG Strasbourg of the Ligue Nationale de Basketball. On December 9, 2011, he signed with the Magic. On October 27, 2012, he was waived by the Magic.
On November 2, 2012, Harper was selected by the Idaho Stampede with the third overall pick in the 2012 NBA Development League Draft. He played in 48 games for Idaho in 2012–13, averaging 11.7 points and 6.5 rebounds per game.
On October 5, 2013, Harper signed with Hapoel Tel Aviv of Israel for the 2013–14 season. On September 10, 2014, he signed with Sidigas Avellino of Italy for the 2014–15 season.
On September 18, 2015, Harper signed with the Brooklyn Nets. However, he was later waived by the Nets on October 26 after appearing in six preseason games. On November 16, he was acquired by the Los Angeles D-Fenders of the D-League. The following day, he made his debut for the D-Fenders in a 114–105 win over the Bakersfield Jam, recording seven points and one rebound in 13 minutes. On January 29, 2016, he was named in the West All-Star team for the 2016 NBA D-League All-Star Game.
On February 24, 2016, Harper signed a 10-day contract with the Detroit Pistons. That night, he made his debut for the Pistons in a 111–91 win over the Philadelphia 76ers, recording one point and one steal in five minutes off the bench. On March 5, he signed a second 10-day contract with the Pistons. On March 15, the Pistons decided not to sign him for the remainder of the season. He subsequently returned to the D-Fenders and played out the rest of the 2016–17 season with them.
Harper re-joined the D-Fenders for the 2016–17 season. On March 3, 2017, he signed a 10-day contract with the Philadelphia 76ers. After the 10-day contract expired, Harper was reacquired by the D-Fenders.
Harper re-joined the D-Fenders, this time re-branded as the South Bay Lakers.
On April 25, 2019, Harper joined Indios de Mayagüez. On August 28, 2020, Harper signed in Japan with Kyoto Hannaryz.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Orlando
| 14 || 0 || 6.0 || .290 || .154 || .000 || .9 || .1 || .1 || .2 || 1.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Detroit
| 5 || 0 || 7.0 || .400 || .444 || .500 || .2 || .0 || .2 || .0 || 2.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Philadelphia
| 3 || 0 || 10.0 || .417 || .286 || .000 || 2.0 || .0 || .7 || .0 || 4.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 22 || 0 || 6.8 || .340 || .276 || .333 || .9 || .2 || .1 || .1 || 2.0
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2012
| style="text-align:left;"| Orlando
| 1 || 0 || 5.0 || .000 || .000 || .000 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 1 || 0 || 5.0 || .000 || .000 || .000 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0
Japan
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"| Kyoto
| 34 || 30 || 25.4 || .494 || .377 || .800 || 6.6 || 1.2 || .6 || .5 || 12.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021–22
| style="text-align:left;"| Kyoto
| 54 || 53 || 32.4 || .512 || .377 || .733 || 8.5 || 1.7 || .6 || .6 || 19.1
|-
Source: basketball-stats.de (Date: 27. May 2022)
References
External links
Richmond Spiders bio
Justin Harper Profile
1989 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Japan
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Richmond, Virginia
Centers (basketball)
Cleveland Cavaliers draft picks
Detroit Pistons players
Hapoel Tel Aviv B.C. players
Idaho Stampede players
Kyoto Hannaryz players
Lega Basket Serie A players
Los Angeles D-Fenders players
NorthPort Batang Pier players
Orlando Magic players
Philadelphia 76ers players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Power forwards (basketball)
Richmond Spiders men's basketball players
S.S. Felice Scandone players
SIG Basket players
South Bay Lakers players
Daniel Lyons may refer to:
Daniel Lyons, an American writer
Daniel Lyons (rower) (born 1958), rower who competed in the 1988 Olympics
Daniel Lyons (shipwreck), a sunken schooner in Lake Michigan
Daniel Lyons, co-founder of Factory Green, an eco-friendly clothing and accessories company
Danny Lyons (1860–1888), a gangster
Dan Lyons, a CEO of the Centre for Animals and Social Justice in the UK
See also
Daniel Lyon (disambiguation)
Lyons, Daniel
The Apostolic Nunciature to Guinea-Bissau is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Guinea-Bissau. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Senegal.
List of papal representatives to Guinea-Bissau
Apostolic Delegates
Luigi Barbarito (5 April 1975 - 10 June 1978)
Luigi Dossena (24 October 1978 - 30 December 1985)
Pablo Puente Buces (15 March 1986 - 31 July 1989)
Apostolic Pro-Nuncio
Antonio Maria Vegliò (21 October 1989 - 2 October 1997)
Apostolic Nuncios
Jean-Paul Gobel (6 December 1997 - 31 October 2001)
Giuseppe Pinto (5 March 2002 - 6 December 2007)
Luis Mariano Montemayor (17 September 2008 – 22 June 2015)
Michael Banach (22 August 2016 – 3 May 2022)
Waldemar Stanisław Sommertag (6 September 2022 – present)
References
Guinea-Bissau
Guinea-Bissau–Holy See relations
Holy See
Rukel (; , Rükəl) is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,746 as of 2010. The village has an Azerbaijani-majority. There are 31 streets.
Geography
Rukel is located 8 km southwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Dzhalgan and Nizhny Dzhalgan are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
David Earl Wear Jr. (born September 21, 1990) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Sydney Kings of the National Basketball League (NBL). He played college basketball for the North Carolina Tar Heels and the UCLA Bruins. He played briefly with the Sacramento Kings in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in 2015.
In high school, Wear won a silver medal for the United States national team at the FIBA Americas Under-18 Championship. He was named an All-American as a senior in 2009. He played in college for one season at North Carolina before transferring to UCLA. After going undrafted in the 2014 NBA draft, he played most of 2014–15 in the NBA Development League (now known as the NBA G League), but also had a brief stint in the NBA with Sacramento. He then played two seasons in Spain with Baloncesto Fuenlabrada before joining Osaka.
High school career
Wear attended Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana, California where he was a two-time California Interscholastic Federation State champion in 2007 and 2008. As a junior, he averaged 18.9 points and 10.0 rebounds per game. As a senior, he averaged 16.4 points and 7.5 rebounds per game. Wear was selected as the 2009 county boys' basketball player of the year, a 2009 fourth-team Parade All-American, a repeat first team all-county member, first team All-Division I-AA member, first team all-league member, second team all-state in 2009, and an all-state sophomore in 2007.
Considered a four-star recruit by Rivals.com, Wear was listed as the No. 16 power forward and the No. 59 player in the nation in 2009.
College career
Wear and his twin brother, Travis, played for the defending national champion North Carolina Tar Heels in their freshman year. Wear contributed 2.9 points and 1.7 rebounds a game while averaging over 10 minutes per game. The Tar Heels missed the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) tournament, which upset their fans. Brother Travis said playing for North Carolina "wasn't what I thought it would be." The twin brothers transferred after the season in May 2010 to UCLA. They redshirted the following season due to NCAA transfer rules.
UCLA won the Pac-12 Conference championship in 2012–13. However, UCLA coach Ben Howland was fired after the season, prompting Wear and his brother to consider transferring. After meeting with incoming coach Steve Alford, the brothers were convinced they fit as starters in the new coach's system. On January 26, 2014, Wear scored a career-high 18 points against California, eclipsing his previous high of 17 in 2011, also against Cal. At the team's annual banquet after the 2013–14 season, Wear was awarded the Irv Pohlmeyer Memorial Trophy, for being the team's top defensive player. He graduated following the season.
Professional career
D-League and NBA (2014–2016)
After going undrafted in the 2014 NBA draft, Wear joined the Chicago Bulls for the 2014 NBA Summer League. On September 25, 2014, he signed with the Sacramento Kings. However, he was later waived by the Kings on October 19, 2014. On November 2, 2014, he was acquired by the Reno Bighorns as an affiliate player. Wear's shooting ability allowed him to thrive in Coach David Arseneault Jr.'s run-and-gun system, and he was invited to participate in the Three-Point Contest during the 2015 D-League All-Star Weekend.
On March 23, 2015, Wear signed a 10-day contract with the Sacramento Kings. He was not retained by the Kings following the expiration of his 10-day contract on April 2. In July 2015, Wear joined the Detroit Pistons for the Orlando Summer League and the Sacramento Kings for the Las Vegas Summer League.
Overseas (2016–present)
On August 10, 2015, Wear signed with Baloncesto Fuenlabrada of Spain for the 2015–16 season. On August 1, 2016, he re-signed with Baloncesto Fuenlabrada for the 2016–17 season.
In 2017–18, Wear moved to Japan to play with Osaka Evessa in the B.League and played with the Sydney Kings of the Australian National Basketball League in 2018–19.
National team career
In July 2008, Wear won a silver medal playing for the USA Basketball Men's U18 National Team at the FIBA Americas U18 Championship in Formosa, Argentina.
Career statistics
NBA statistics
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"| Sacramento
| 2 || 0 || 3.5 || .000 || .000 || — || 1.0 || .5 || .0 || .0 || 0.0
|-class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan=2| Career
| 2 || 0 || 3.5 || .000 || .000 || — || 1.0 || .5 || .0 || .0 || 0.0
College statistics
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2009–10
| style="text-align:left;"| North Carolina
| 27 || 2 || 10.4 || .437 || .500 || .563 || 1.7 || .4 || .3 || .1 || 2.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2011–12
| style="text-align:left;"| UCLA
| 32 || 30 || 28.4 || .487 || .467 || .791 || 6.3 || .8 || .7 || .2 || 10.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2012–13
| style="text-align:left;"| UCLA
| 34 || 9 || 23.4 || .445 || .341 || .639 || 5.0 || 1.0 || .5 || .3 || 7.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2013–14
| style="text-align:left;"| UCLA
| 37 || 37 || 22.9 || .503 || .442 || .805 || 3.8 || .8 || .6 || .2 || 6.5
|-class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan=2| Career
| 130 || 78 || 21.8 || .471 || .423 || .798 || 4.3 || .7 || .5 || .2 || 6.8
Personal
Wear is the son of David Sr. and Gloria Wear. His father played college basketball at Fresno State and Cal State Fullerton and professionally overseas. His twin brother, Travis, also became a pro basketball player.
Wear's wife Christina played basketball professionally overseas.
References
External links
UCLA Bruins bio
1990 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Baloncesto Fuenlabrada players
Basketball players from Long Beach, California
Forwards (basketball)
Liga ACB players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball players
Osaka Evessa players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Reno Bighorns players
Sacramento Kings players
Sydney Kings players
Twin people from the United States
Twin sportspeople
UCLA Bruins men's basketball players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
Los Bajos is a small village on northern shore of Llanquihue Lake, in the Los Lagos Region of Chile. Many families in Los Bajos are of Austrian origin, as protestants from the catholic Tyrolean Zillertal were forced to leave their homes in the second half of the 19th century.
Populated places in Llanquihue Province
Józef Roszyński (born August 18, 1962 in Nidzica) is a Polish clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wewak. He was appointed bishop in 2015.
See also
Catholic Church in Oceania
References
Polish Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Wewak
Living people
1962 births
People from Nidzica
Charles James Thompson (January 24, 1862 – March 27, 1932) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1919 to 1931.
Biography
Born in Wapakoneta, Ohio, Thompson attended the public schools and the Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, Ohio.
Learned the art of printing 1876–1879.
He worked as a journeyman printer in various cities in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois 1879–1884.
He returned to Wapakoneta in 1885 and was employed as a bookkeeper until 1889.
He moved to Defiance, Ohio, in 1889 and was owner and publisher of the Defiance Express until 1902.
He served as member of the Republican State central committee in 1893 and 1894.
Postmaster of Defiance 1898–1915.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for mayor in 1915.
Congress
Thompson was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-sixth and to the five succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1919 – March 3, 1931).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1930 to the Seventy-second Congress.
Later life
He retired from business pursuits.
He died in Albuquerque, New Mexico, while on a visit, March 27, 1932.
He was interred in Riverside Cemetery, Defiance, Ohio.
Sources
1862 births
1932 deaths
People from Wapakoneta, Ohio
People from Defiance, Ohio
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
Journalists from Ohio
Burials in Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Gorazd Mihajlov (, born 21 August 1974) is a Macedonian football coach and former player.
He has coached numerous clubs in Europe and Middle East, and has also coached the Macedonia women's national football team.
Playing career
Club
Born in Skopje, SR Macedonia, he played with FK Vardar, FK Pelister, FK Kumanovo and FK Skopje in Macedonia, before moving to Germany to play with Chemnitzer FC. He played with German side Wismut Aue in the season 1992–93. During the winter break of the season 1993–94 he left Chemnitzer and signed with Publikum Celje playing with them in the 1993–94 Slovenian PrvaLiga. Next summer he moved to another Slovenian top-fligh club, NK Kočevje. After Slvenia, his next stop was Scandinavia, first with Ljungskile SK in the 1995 Swedish Division 1 and next with Hvidovre IF in the 1996–97 Danish Superliga then with FK Čukarički in the First League of FR Yugoslavia, before returning to Macedonia to play with FK Pelister in the 1999–2000 First Macedonian Football League.
International
He was also member of the Yugoslav U19 and Macedonian U21 teams.
Managerial career
He started his coaching career in Iceland with Höttur.
Sep 2006-Dec 11: Höttur
Jan 2012-Mar 12: Ohrid
Jul 2012-Nov 12: Pelister
Apr 2012-Apr 13: Macedonia Women
Mar 2013-Jul 13: Teteks
Jul 2013-Feb 14: Napredok
Feb 2014-Mar 14: Rudar Prijedor
Jun 2014-Jan 15: Al-Qadisiyah FC (assistant)
Jan 2015-May 16: Teteks
Jul 2016-Oct 16: Pelister
Oct 2016-Nov 17: Hatta Club (assistant)
Jan 2018-Jun 18: Al Dhafra FC (assistant)
Jul 2018-Jan 21: Borec
Jun 2021-: Sileks
Honours
As coach:
Teteks
Macedonian Cup: 2012–13
References
External links
Football-Lineups Profile
1974 births
Living people
Footballers from Skopje
Association football midfielders
Macedonian footballers
North Macedonia under-21 international footballers
FC Erzgebirge Aue players
NK Celje players
NK Kočevje players
Ljungskile SK players
Hvidovre IF players
FK Vardar players
FK Čukarički players
FK Pelister players
FK Milano Kumanovo players
Regionalliga players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Ettan Fotboll players
Danish Superliga players
Macedonian First Football League players
Macedonian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Serbia and Montenegro
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Serbia and Montenegro
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Iceland
Macedonian football managers
FK Ohrid managers
FK Pelister managers
FK Teteks managers
FK Napredok managers
FK Rudar Prijedor managers
FK Borec managers
Macedonian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Iceland
Expatriate footballers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Íþróttafélagið Höttur players
The long-billed white-eye (Rukia longirostra), known as Tiht in Pohnpeian, is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the island of Pohnpei in the Federated States of Micronesia.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and plantations. It is threatened by habitat loss.
It has a curious nuthatch-like behavior of creeping along large tree limbs, and seems particularly specialized in using its long, slightly decurved bill to extract arthropods from the severed ends of branches.
Long-billed white-eye seems quite distinct in both plumage, structure, and habits from other Rukia and may deserve a change of genus, possibly to Zosterops.
References
long-billed white-eye
Birds of Pohnpei
Endemic fauna of the Federated States of Micronesia
long-billed white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Charles Roskelly Bawden, FBA (22 April 1924 – 11 August 2016) was a professor of the Mongolian language in the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) at the University of London from 1970 to 1984.
Early years
Charles Bawden was born in Weymouth. His father was George Charles Bawden (1891-1963) and his mother was Eleanor Alice Adelaide Russell (1888-1983). Both of his grandfathers had served in the Royal Navy. His parents were schoolteachers, though his mother was required to resign upon marriage. Charles had one older brother, Walter Harry Bawden, who joined the Royal Navy as an engineer cadet before the outbreak of the Second World War. Charles spent Christmas Day 1945 with him aboard his submarine in Hong Kong harbour. Bawden was educated at Weymouth Grammar School. He won a scholarship in Modern Languages at Peterhouse, Cambridge University, but after being awarded a First in Part I of the Medieval and Modern Languages Tripos he was called up for military service.
Wartime service
Bawden joined the Navy in February 1943 as an ordinary seaman. Owing to his linguistic ability he had been selected for Japanese training even before being called up. He was posted to the secret Bedford Japanese School and joined the 4th course (July to December 1943). He proved to be the best student on the course and after he had been commissioned he was sent to the Naval Section at the Government Code and Cypher School, Bletchley Park, where he worked on decrypted Japanese signals. Along with a few of his colleagues, he was later posted to the South East Asia Command, Colombo, where they did similar work at H.M.S. Anderson, a shore-based cryptography station. He arrived in summer 1944 and stayed until December 1945. As he wrote in his draft autobiography:
After the end of the war he was sent to Hong Kong, where he supervised Japanese internees who were translating documents for war crimes trials.
He then went to Japan on a cruiser as part of a Disposal of Enemy Equipment unit. He was based at Kure, the headquarters of the British Commonwealth Occupation Force but this posting did not last long and he returned to the UK.
Career and scholarship
On returning to Cambridge in October 1946, he completed a degree in Modern Languages in 1947. He then spent a year studying Chinese under Professor Gustav Haloun. After a year in the Home Office, he returned to Cambridge with a Treasury Studentship to take up the study of Chinese. He subsequently began work on a PhD in Chinese but by that time his interests had turned to Mongolian, which he had begun studying under Professor Denis Sinor, and he completed his PhD on the Mongolian chronicle Altan Tobchi. In 1955 he was offered a lectureship in Mongolian at SOAS. He made the first of his many visits to Mongolia in 1958. In 1970 he was promoted to Professor of Mongolian and the following year he was elected a Fellow of the British Academy. He resigned the fellowship in 1981 on account of his opposition to the continued membership of Anthony Blunt, who had been exposed as a Soviet spy, but he was reelected in 1985. In 1982 he became Pro-Director of SOAS but he took early retirement in 1984.
He wrote extensively on Mongolian history and literature, and published a Mongolian-English dictionary that is often cited as the most comprehensive available. There is an extensive assessment of his scholarship in his British Academy obituary. Among his students were John Man, Professor Craig Clunas FBA and Prof. Dr. Veronika Veit.
In addition to having been elected a Fellow of the British Academy, he was also awarded the Order of the Pole Star by the Mongolian government. He donated his books to the Ancient India & Iran Trust in Cambridge.
Personal life
On 3 August 1949 Bawden married Jean Barham Johnson: she was the younger sister of Margaret Barham Johnson, who had served in the WRNS in Colombo and had been one of his colleagues there. They had four children. Jean died in 2010.
Bawden died on 11 August 2016 at the age of 92.
Works
The Mongol Chronicle Altan Tobci. Wiesbaden: Otto Harrassowitz, 1955.
The Jebtsundamba Khutukhtus of Urga; text, translation, and notes. Wiesbaden: O. Harrassowitz, 1961.
The Modern History of Mongolia. New York: Praeger, 1968.
Shamans, Lamas, and Evangelicals: The English Missionaries in Siberia. London: Routledge & Kegan Paul, 1985.
Confronting the Supernatural: Mongolian Traditional Ways and Means. Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz Verlag, 1994.
Mongolian-English dictionary. London: K. Paul International, 1997.
Mongolian Traditional Literature: An Anthology. London: Kegan Paul, 2003.
An eighteenth century Chinese source for the Portuguese dialect of Macao." Silver Jubilee Volume of the Zinbun-Kagaku-Kenkyusyo, Kyoto University, 1954.
Bawden, C. R. (1970). "Some Documents Concerning the Rebellion of 1756 in Outer Mongolia". Bulletin of the Institute of China Border Area Studies, 1, 1–23.
Bawden, C. R. (1976). On the Evils of Strong Drink: A Mongol Tract from the Early Twentieth Century. Walther Heissig (Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz), 61.
Bawden, C. R. (1994). "On the Practice of Scapulimancy among the Mongols". Charles R. Bawden, Confronting the Supernatural: Mongolian Traditional Ways and Means. Wiesbaden: Harrazowits Verlag, 111-42.
References
1924 births
2016 deaths
Mongolists
Academics of SOAS University of London
Fellows of the British Academy
People educated at Weymouth Grammar School
Alumni of Peterhouse, Cambridge
No Ghost is an album by Canadian indie folk band The Acorn, released 1 June 2010 on Paper Bag Records and Bella Union. It is their third full-length.
The album was recorded by Jarrett Bartlett.
Comparing this album to their last album, Glory Hope Mountain, band leader Rolf Klausener said, "It's a lot harder, it's got a lot more electric guitars, it's got a bit of a Yo La Tengo-y or Talk Talk kind of spaciousness, but then it also feels a little like a Crazy Horse record at times." He has said that his favourite songs on the album are "Cobbled in Dust" and "Misplaced".
Reception
The album has received mostly positive reviews. Graeme Thomson of Uncut wrote, "For anyone who fretted that Glory Hope Mountain might have been a beautiful fluke, No Ghost confirms The Acorn's credentials, building thrillingly on the band's ability to access a variety of moods and textures." Critic Kevin Harley of The Independent wrote that "the dynamism in its swerves from rhythmic, rolling rockers ("Bobcat Gold Wraith") to gentler laments ("On the Line") suggest a confidence behind the surface modesty." . Critic Daniel Kolitz of prefixmag.com received the album favorably, rating it a 7.5 out of 10.0.
Track listing
All songs were written by Rolf Klausener, except as noted.
"Cobbled from Dust"
"Restoration"
"Misplaced"
"I Made the Law"
"Crossed Wires" (Jeff DeButte)
"On the Line"
"Bobcat Goldwraith"
"No Ghost"
"Slippery When Wet"
"Almanac"
"Kindling to Cremation"
References
The Acorn (band) albums
2010 albums
Paper Bag Records albums
San Costantino Albanese () is an Arbëreshë town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Geography
San Costantino Albanese sits on a hilltop overlooking the Sarmento Valley and is located across the valley from San Paolo Albanese. The Sarmento River is a dry rock-strewn riverbed during the summer but can be a torrent during the winter rains. The two towns are apart but the path through the river valley by road is about .
The village is bordered by the towns of Alessandria del Carretto, Cersosimo, Noepoli, San Paolo Albanese and Terranova di Pollino.
It is also adjacent to Pollino National Park.
History
San Costantino Albanese was founded in approximately 1534 by ethnic Albanians refugees or Arbëreshë, from Corone, Morea in Greece which was occupied by the Ottoman Turks. Surnames such as Scutari, reflect this connection with the Albanian heritage.
In the early 20th century, the town, like much of Southern Italy, saw a wave of emigration to the United States and South America. Immigrants initially clustered in the New York Metropolitan Area but later distributed throughout the USA.
Frazioni
Venticalia
Venticalia is a village located approximately from San Costantino.
Since the end of the 17th century, it has been the feudal rustic retreat of the Pace family of St. Constantine Albanese. In the seventeenth century. the Pace family built a small votive chapel dedicated to the cult of Saint Helena mother of the Emperor Constantine, of which today only a few remnants remain visible.
Today the village is the site of a compressed wood pellet factory.
Martorino
Martorino is one of the concessions granted by the Pignatelli feudal family in the late 17th century to the Pace family.
Local businesses include agriculture and agritourism.
Notable people from San Costantino Albanese
Liborio Liguori (born 1950), football player.
References
Arbëresh settlements
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Siphelele Mthembu (born 15 August 1987) is a South African football player who plays as a striker for AmaZulu in the South African Premier Division.
Early career
Mthembu joined the Kaizer Chiefs reserve team from Maritzburg City in 2008. In the 2007–08 season, Mthembu scored 25 goals in the KZN stream of the Vodacom League.
Club career
He made his pre-season debut on 26 July 2008 in a 4–0 loss to Manchester United with Ryan Giggs, Wayne Rooney, Fraizer Campbell and Tom Cleverley. Mthembu came in for Gert Schalkwyk. came close to scoring after slotting the ball past Tomasz Kuszczak but was cleared off the line by Nemanja Vidic. Mthembu had to sign for Orlando Pirates after management won a legal argument that his services belonged to the club. Mthembu failed to live up to expectations with the Buccaneers with not much playing time on offering. He had short stints with Bloemfontein Celtic and Golden Arrows, before moving to Dikwena at the start of 2012–13. He scored 4 goals in 9 league starts in his first season. By the end of his spell he had 10 goals in 30 league starts.
Kaizer Chiefs
Mthembu made his debut on 13 August 2014 after joining in July against Mpumalanga Black Aces winning 2–1. He scored his first Chiefs goal on 6 December 2014 in a 2–0 win over Orlando Pirates. Mthembu scored a usual hat-trick against EduSports on 21 February 2015, scoring all with his head at FNB Stadium.
Cape Town City
He joined Cape Town City in summer 2018 on a one-year contract with an option for a further year.
AmaZulu
After joining the club on a trial period in September 2020, he joined AmaZulu in October 2020.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Mthonjaneni Local Municipality
Zulu people
South African soccer players
Association football forwards
South Africa international soccer players
Kaizer Chiefs F.C. players
Orlando Pirates F.C. players
Bloemfontein Celtic F.C. players
Lamontville Golden Arrows F.C. players
Platinum Stars F.C. players
Cape Town City F.C. (2016) players
AmaZulu F.C. players
Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (SDUTCM; ) is a university based in Jinan City, Shandong Province, China.
History
It was established on October 16, 1958 as the Shandong Traditional Chinese Medicine College. In 1978, the college became a national college for Traditional Chinese Medicine College. In 1981, the college was classified as a higher education institution in the province. In 1996, the university restructured into a public university and became officially as the Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine.
References
External links
Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine Official site
Traditional Chinese medicine
Universities and colleges in Jinan
Medical and health organizations based in China
1958 establishments in China
Chrestinah Thembi Kgatlana (born 2 May 1996) is a South African professional soccer player who plays as a forward for NWSL club Racing Louisville FC and the South Africa women's national team.
Club career
Houston Dash
In February 2018, Kgatlana moved to the United States to join the Houston Dash in the National Women's Soccer League. She was brought in by her former national team coach Vera Pauw. Kgatlana joined her South African teammates Janine van Wyk and Linda Motlhalo in Houston. Kgatlana made 16 appearances with Houston and she scored 2 goals.
Owing to her accepting a move overseas, Kgatlana was waived by the Houston Dash on 6 February 2019.
Beijing BG Phoenix
On 22 February 2019, Kgatlana was announced as having signed with Beijing BG Phoenix F.C. in the Chinese Women's Super League on a one-year deal. She was joined by South African teammate Linda Motlhalo who also made the move from Houston to China.
Kgatlana scored six league goals in 10 appearances during the 2019 Chinese Women's Super League campaign, helping her Beijing BG Phoenix side to a fifth-place finish.
SL Benfica
On 27 January 2020 she signed with SL Benfica. On 1 February 2020 she made her debut with the club being subbed on in a 3–1 win over Braga in Taça da Liga Feminina.
Prior to their cancellation owing to the COVID-19 pandemic, Kgatlana helped Benfica to the final of both Portuguese Cup and Taca da Liga Femenina competitions as well as the top of the league table. The result was enough to qualify the club for the UEFA Women's Champions League for the first time in their history.
SD Eibar
Kgatlana's spell at Benfica came to an early end owing to complications arising from the COVID-19 crisis, with a salary cap introduced across Portuguese women's football. On 27 July 2020, it was announced that she had joined newly promoted Spanish Primera Division side SD Eibar on a one-year contract. Kgatlana made her debut on 4 October 2020 in a 1–0 victory over Real Betis, before opening her goalscoring account the following week in a 2–2 draw against Levante.
On 31 October 2020, Kgatlana scored her second goal for the club on her first start in a 1–0 victory over Espanyol, however she was forced off with the game still in the first half due to a minor injury. Upon her return from injury, she immediately returned to goalscoring form with a stunning strike in a 3–1 defeat to Real Madrid having once again entered from the substitutes bench.
International career
Kgatlana represented her country at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2018 Africa Women Cup of Nations, where she won the Player of the Tournament and was the highest goal scorer. She also represented South Africa at the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup in France, where she scored her country's first goal ever in the tournament.
International goals
Scores and results list South Africa's goal tally first
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Benfica
Taça da Liga: 2019–20
International
COSAFA Women's Championship: 2017
Africa Women Cup of Nations: runner-up 2018
Individual
CAF Africa Women Cup of Nations Best Player: 2018
CAF Africa Women Cup of Nations Top Scorer: 2018
CAF African Women's Footballer of the Year 2018
CAF African Goal of the Year: 2018
Cyprus Cup Best player 2018
COSAFA Women's Championship Player of the Tournament: 2017
References
External links
Profile at Confederation of African Football (CAF)
1996 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
South African women's soccer players
Women's association football forwards
Houston Dash players
Beijing BG Phoenix F.C. players
S.L. Benfica (women) footballers
SD Eibar Femenino players
Atlético Madrid Femenino players
National Women's Soccer League players
Primera División (women) players
Campeonato Nacional de Futebol Feminino players
South Africa women's international soccer players
Olympic soccer players of South Africa
Footballers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
African Women's Footballer of the Year winners
South African expatriate soccer players
South African expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate women's soccer players in the United States
South African expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate women's footballers in China
South African expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate women's footballers in Portugal
South African expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate women's footballers in Spain
St. Anthony of Padua Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Chicopee, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded 1926. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
On August 29th 2009 it was announced by His Excellency Bishop Timothy McDonnell that the church of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary and St. Mary of the Assumption in the Willimansett section of Chicopee were to be merged with St. Anthony of Padua forming the new territorial parish for the Willimansett Section of Chicopee.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Anthony of Padua - Diocesan information
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic churches in Chicopee, Massachusetts
Shammah is a name mentioned several times in the Hebrew Bible.
In the Book of Samuel, Shammah () was the son of Agee, a Hararite (2 Samuel 23:11) or Harodite (23:25), and one of King David's three legendary "mighty men". His greatest deed was the defeat of a troop of Philistines. After the Israelites fled from the troop of Philistines, Shammah stood alone and defeated them himself. He is credited with having single-handedly defeated these Philistine soldiers at a lentil patch.
It is also possible Shammah is mentioned in Judges as Shamgar, who defeated 600 men of the Philistines with an ox goad. This may have been the same battle of the lentil field mentioned in the Book of Samuel, though this event was textually placed several generations before the version in Samuel.
There are other people named Shammah in the Bible who are mentioned only in passing.
A son of Reuel the son of Esau, an Edomite tribal leader.
Shammah or Shimeah, the third son of Jesse and brother of King David.
References
David's Mighty Warriors
The Devil You Know is the only studio album by heavy metal band Heaven & Hell; the members had previously recorded as a group in an earlier line-up of Black Sabbath. The Devil You Know was Ronnie James Dio's final studio appearance prior to his death in May 2010.
The album's US import was released in Japan on 24 April 2009, four days earlier than its original due date of 28 April. The Japan domestic pressing which is a SHM-CD (Super High Material CD) was released on 27 April. It was produced by the band and sound engineer Mike Exeter.
The Devil You Know reached the top 10 in its first week of release, debuted at No. 8 on the Billboard 200 chart, with 30,000 copies sold. It was awarded Best Album at the 2010 Metal Hammer Golden Gods Awards.
Conception
In 2007 the Ronnie James Dio-era Black Sabbath line-up recorded three new tracks, "The Devil Cried", "Shadow of the Wind", and "Ear in the Wall" for an upcoming greatest hits package entitled Black Sabbath: The Dio Years. Guitarist Tony Iommi said that the tracks were created because he felt there was nothing worth releasing in the vaults from the Dio-era studio recordings and so these new songs were written and recorded. The song "The Devil Cried" was released as a promotional single for the release. Initially Dio commented that after the recording of those songs, he expected to leave the band and return to Dio and that another "Sabbath album" was "the last thing on my mind". Iommi commented that Heaven & Hell agreed on an album whilst the band was in Japan on their 2007 tour. The band started work on the album before and after the Metal Masters Tour in Dio and Iommi's houses respectively. Each member submitted CDs of material for the project. Iommi described the work as "really good, pretty powerful".
Title and art
The album artwork is adapted from a painting by Per Øyvind Haagensen entitled Satan. The artwork features the numbers 25 and 41. Geezer Butler stated in an interview that the numbers refer to the Bible verse Matthew 25:41, which deals with the Last Judgment where "those who sit at the left side of God are cast down into Hell". He also has explained that the name of the album is a reference to the name of the band, as fans know them as Black Sabbath. When finalising the cover art, the band narrowed it down to their two favourites but had a difficult time making a final decision. The second of those two favourites prominently features the traditional Black Sabbath devil logo. That alternative cover is available exclusively at Wal-Mart within the United States.
Critical reception
The Devil You Know has received generally positive reviews. The album currently holds a score of 63/100 at the aggregate review site, Metacritic, indicating mixed or positive reviews. AllMusic described the album as being like Black Sabbath's Paranoid in matching its moment. However, it goes on to note that Heaven & Hell expresses a "very different side of their musical personalities" than Black Sabbath, and that the differing band name is suitable. Metal Hammer described the album as "one of the heavy releases of the year" and honored it with a 2010 Golden Gods Award for Best Album. Martin Popoff rated the album as better than Dehumanizer, but not as good as Heaven and Hell or Mob Rules. He described Dio's vocals being delivered with "thespian enunciation" and "passion".
Touring
Heaven & Hell embarked on a second international tour (after their 2007 tour) in support of The Devil You Know. The band's first scheduled date was in Bogotá on 5 May 2009. They were supported by progressive rock acts Coheed and Cambria and The Mars Volta on North America for a select number of shows in August 2009.
Track listing
Charts
Personnel
Heaven & Hell
Ronnie James Dio – vocals, production
Tony Iommi – guitar, production
Geezer Butler – bass guitar, production
Vinny Appice – drums, percussion
Additional Personnel
Mike Exeter – keyboards, additional production, engineering
Production
Recorded by Mike Exeter
Mixing and additional recording by Wyn Davis, assisted by Mike Sutherland and Adam Arnold
Mastered by Stephen Marcussen
Art direction and design by Masaki Koike
Cover illustration by Per Øyvind Haagensen
Photograph by Chapman Baehler
Etchings by Johann Koch
References
External links
Heaven & Hell at Metal Archives
2009 debut albums
Heaven & Hell (band) albums
Rhino Records albums
Albums produced by Mike Exeter
Albums recorded at Rockfield Studios
U.S. Route 25 (US 25) in the state of Tennessee runs northwest from North Carolina and runs concurrently with US 70 for its entire length until splitting into US 25W and US 25E in Newport.
Route description
The Tennessee section of US 25 begins at the North Carolina state line near Del Rio, concurrent with US 70 and unsigned SR 9. US 25/US 70/SR 9 then goes through some curves and cross the French Broad River via the Wolf Creek Bridge. They then begin running along the north bank of the French Broad and intersect and become concurrent with SR 107 and then enter Del Rio, where SR 107 separates. US 25/US 70/SR 9 continue northwest to intersect SR 340 before leaving Del Rio. They then cross the French Broad again and before entering Newport and leaving The French Broad and crossing the Pigeon River. In Newport, they intersect SR 73 before entering downtown. In downtown, they intersect and become concurrent with US 321 and unsigned SR 35. US 321 separates shortly afterwards at the intersection with SR 32, where US 321 goes south on SR 32 and SR 32 joins the concurrency. US 25/US 70/SR 9/SR 35 then leave downtown and come to where US 25 splits into US 25W and US 25E. Here, SR 32 goes north on US 25E and US 70/SR 9/SR 35 continue on US 25W.
Major intersections
References
Tennessee
025
025
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1924 season.
Overview
RFK won the championship.
League standings
Kaiserwald withdrew after 2 rounds because of the decision of Latvia Football Union (LFS - Latvijas Futbola Savieniba) which prohibited foreign players to participate in the championship.
2nd stage: RFK [Riga] - Cesu VB [Cesis] 5-1
References
RSSSF
1924
Lat
Lat
Football Championship
Mushthak () may refer to:
Given name
Mushtaq Ahmed, Pakistani cricketer
Mushtaq Ali, Indian cricketer
Mushtaq Gazdar, Pakistani cinematographer
Mushtaq Kak, Indian actor
Mushtaq Leghari, Pakistani air marshal
Mushtaq Minhas, Pakistani journalist
Mushtaq Mohammad, Pakistani cricketer
Surname
Khadija Mushtaq, Pakistani academic administrator and educator
Mohammed Faisal Mushtaq, convicted of the racially motivated murder of Kriss Donald in Scotland
Saqlain Mushtaq, Pakistani cricketer
Pakistani masculine given names
The Khonghampat Orchidarium () is a botanical garden in Imphal, Manipur, India. It is dedicated to the collection, cultivation, preservation and display of a wide range of 500 varieties of orchids found in Manipur. It houses some of the rarest orchids in the world. The peak blooming season of the orchid flowers is from April to July. The finest visiting season is March to April. This Orchidarium is the orchid centre of the Forest Department of Manipur.
History
The Khonghampat Orchidarium () was founded by the Manipur Forest Department in the year 1976.
Features
The Khonghampat Orchidarium () covers an area of 200 acres of land.
Predominant genuses of the orchid species grown in the orchidarium include Vanda, Dendrobium and Rhynchostylis. A few of the species are the following:
See also
Imphal Peace Museum
INA War Museum
Kakching Garden
Keibul Lamjao National Park - world's only floating national park in Manipur, India
Loktak Folklore Museum
Manipur State Museum
Manipur Zoological Garden
Phumdi - Floating biomasses in Manipur, India
Sekta Archaeological Living Museum
Yangoupokpi-Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary
References
Botanical gardens in India
Imphal
Orchid organizations
1976 establishments in Manipur
Frank Taylor (4 May 1855 – 14 August 1936) was an English cricketer who was active from 1873 to 1888. He was born in Rochdale and died in Cheadle, Cheshire. He made his first-class debut in 1873 and appeared in 55 matches as a right-handed batsman who bowled roundarm, playing for Gloucestershire and Lancashire. He scored 1,492 runs with the highest score of 96 and took three wickets with the best performance of one for 4.
References
1855 births
1936 deaths
English cricketers
Lancashire cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
Cricketers from Rochdale
Lego Racers 2 is a Lego-themed racing video game developed by Attention to Detail, published by Lego Software and distributed in North America by Electronic Arts. It was first released in September 2001 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Advance. It is the sequel to the 1999 game Lego Racers. This sequel was first revealed by Lego Software on August 20, 2001.
Gameplay
Unlike the original Lego Racers, the player has more "freedom", because the player can race or drive freely, and there are other characters that the player can talk to. Lego Racers 2 also has, like in the original, a car and characters designer. It has more bricks but fewer characters to make and edit. In Lego Racers 2, up to 11 opponents can be chosen. In any race, the racers have to drive through a set of checkpoints each lap in the correct order. There are four different weapons that can be used to damage the opponents' cars, as well as an invisibility shield. The player gets these weapons and the shield by collecting bubbles which randomly assign the player an item, assuming the player doesn't have one already. On each track there is a pair of pink fences which any racer can drive in-between to repair their car, partially or completely depending on the amount of damage and how much time is spent there. If a vehicle gets destroyed, the character is forced to run slowly on foot until the character enters a repair station and gains back their vehicle.
Plot
The main mode of the game is a single-player open-world adventure game featuring a galaxy of five worlds: Sandy Bay, Dino Island, Mars, the Arctic, and Xalax. Sandy Bay is a green landscape featuring two beaches and a small town. Dino Island is a jungle island featuring a large continuous area of grass and trees in the middle and a lava building featuring circular spiral that leads to an exit at the top. Mars is the planet Mars. The Arctic is a cold, snowy and icey world and Xalax is a large circular arena featuring an open blue world in the middle and, around it, a cyan-colored circular track and a large ecstatic crowd. Except for Sandy Bay, each world contains four races against five casual AI drivers from that world, a final boss race and a lobby connecting all five races. Each world also contains one or two bonus games. When entering any world for the first time, the player builds his own car or chooses between Sparky's pre-built cars for that world. The player then drives around each world using their car for that world to access and enter all activities. To gain access to new worlds, the player must collect golden bricks by winning non-boss races and finding hidden golden bricks in each world. Each non-boss race has three laps while each boss race has two laps (the final race has three). The game features a player assistant named Sparky, who guides, advices and supports the player and allows the player to save the game and explore each world to find golden bricks and bonus games. By beating bosses and winning bonus games, the player collects car power-ups that make their car faster, more stable on the ground or more resistant to taking damage. Dino Island's boss is Sam Sanister, a reincarnation of Baron von Barron from Lego Adventurers, who has a fast car and lays oil on the ground that causes the player to slip out of control. The Mars boss is Riegel's large self-built walking robot which is indestructible and is unaffected by attacks and the Arctic boss is The Berg, a gorilla-looking ice creature who runs and is also indestructible and unaffected by attacks and lays ice ridges on the ground that send the player's car into the air and slow it down. The Berg gets a head start.
The player builds his Lego character and starts in the middle of Sandy Bay, the main world, which features take-off points to travel to each of the other worlds, provided that the player has collected enough golden bricks for that world. The player drives down to the nearby beach and meets Sparky who asks the player to go back to town. When the player arrives, they join a circle of four other drivers from that world – Workman Fred, Mike the Postman, Fireman Gavin, and Police Chief Bobby – who have a heated discussion about who is the fastest racer on Sandy Bay. Each of the four challengers insists that they are the fastest driver. Fred is repeatedly laughed at by the remaining four drivers when the idea of a digger ever winning a race is ridiculed by Gavin and the player. Fred asks the player to come to his construction site to race him, confident of winning to the point of awarding the player a golden brick if he loses. After beating him, the player goes to and races Mike, then after defeating him, they race Gavin, and finally Bobby. After defeating all four challengers on Sandy Bay, the player heads off to Dino Island to win the four pre-boss races and then beat the boss there, Sam Sanister. The player then completes the races at Mars and Arctic.
The player then enters the portal leading to the fifth and final world, Xalax. After winning the four races in the open world, the player takes on Rocket Racer – the reigning galactic racing champion who has the fastest car in the galaxy – on the cyan oval track. When the player wins the race, the player's character walks up the stairs of a tall small construction in the middle of the arena and receives the championship trophy from Rocket Racer and shows it off to the crowd. The character then goes back down and is surrounded by Sparky, the four challengers from Sandy Bay and the three other bosses who celebrate and praise the new galactic racing champion. The final race is then re-played automatically. When the player also has collected all 35 golden bricks, the player can observe fireworks in the sky in the middle of Sandy Bay.
Reception
Lego Racers 2 was rated average to positive. The PC version was given a score of 7.8 out of 10 by IGN; the reviewer praised its graphics and gameplay, but criticized the voice and talk which were derided as "cartoon gibberish". IGN rated the PS2 version only 6 out of 10, which corresponding graphics and gameplay were inferior to its PC counterpart. An additional note is that a copy cost $20 for PC, but $40 for PS2; the reviewer thought the latter to be poor value for money, while the PC version, at half the cost, was acceptable.
Sequel
Electronic Arts, which signed a contract with Lego Software (formerly Lego Media, later renamed to Lego Interactive) to co-published their titles in December 2001, revealed their line-up for E3 2002, again held in May, which firstly covered Drome Racers (known in development as Lego Racers 3), a successor to the Lego Racers series, again developed by Attention to Detail. Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 2 versions of the game were shown at E3 and ECTS. The game did not pick up the story of either of the two predecessors, and focused more heavily on tracks based around Lego Technic sets, rather than various themes. The game was released in November 2002, but to lesser acclaim. The game was panned by critics who thought that the game was lacking features that were essential to the first two games, such as building your own driver and vehicle from Lego bricks, though others considered Drome Racers to be its own title outside the Lego Racers, and present a solid gameplay and visual appeal individually. Attention to Detail went into liquidation on August 28, 2003, just shortly before the release of Drome Racers port to GameCube.
References
2001 video games
Attention to Detail games
Game Boy Advance games
Kart racing video games
Racers 2
PlayStation 2 games
Racing video games
Video game sequels
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Windows games
Kierra (kee-er-rah) is a female given name. The name may be a variant of the Irish name Kiara meaning "dark" or a variant of the Greek name Kira meaning "lord". US usage of the name reached a peak in 1995.
Notable people with the name include:
Kierra Sheard, American gospel recording artist
Kierra Smith, Canadian swimmer
See also
Keirra Trompf, Australian netball player
Notes
English feminine given names
Given names of Greek language origin
Salmanabad () may refer to:
Salmanabad, Ardabil
Salmanabad, Savalan, Ardabil Province
Salmanabad, Marvdasht, Fars Province
Salmanabad, Anbarabad, Kerman Province
Salmanabad, Rigan, Kerman Province
Salmanabad, Razavi Khorasan
Salmanabad, Fashapuyeh, a village in Fashapuyeh District, Rey County, Tehran Province
Salmanabad, Kahrizak, a village in Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province
Salmanabad, Varamin, a village in Varamin County, Tehran Province
Salmanabad, West Azerbaijan
Assulella kuznetsovi is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam, India, China (Guangxi, Yunnan) and Sumatra.
References
Moths described in 1983
Eucosmini
Moths of Asia
The Heli-Sport CH77 Ranabot is an Italian helicopter designed and produced by Heli-Sport of Turin. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction.
Design and development
The CH77 Ranabot was designed to comply with the European Class 6 microlight helicopter rules. It features a single main rotor and tail rotor, a single-seat, a two-seats-in side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit, skid landing gear and an EPA Power-modified four-cylinder, liquid and air-cooled, four strokes Rotax 914 engine.
The aircraft's two-bladed rotor has a diameter of . The aircraft has a typical empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of . With full fuel of the payload for the pilot, passenger and baggage is . The microlight category version has a gross weight of
Reviewer Werner Pfaendler wrote, "with side-by-side seating combined with excellent comfort, handling and performance, plus a reliable engine (a Rotax 914 tuned by EPA Power), it has a lot to offer...[It] boasts minimal operating costs, only some 6% higher than the CH7 Kompress Charlie 2".
Specifications (CH77 Ranabot)
See also
List of rotorcraft
References
External links
Official website
CH77 Ranabot
2010s Italian sport aircraft
2010s Italian ultralight aircraft
2010s Italian civil utility aircraft
2010s Italian helicopters
Homebuilt aircraft
Gertrude Healy (18 March 1894 - 6 October 1984) was an Australian violinist who taught at the Albert Street Conservatorium of Music in Melbourne, and became conductor of their chamber orchestra. She was well respected for her virtuosity as a violinist, and her willingness to introduce audiences to contemporary works by composers of her day. She later became a member of the Sisters of Mercy, a Catholic religious order, and taught at the Sacred Heart College in her hometown of Ballarat, Victoria.
Musical career
Healy was born in Ballarat East, Victoria, Australia, the daughter of Michael John and Mary Helena Healy. She attended a Catholic secondary school, Sacred Heart College, in Ballarat. At an early age, Healy showed great talent as a violinist. She began performing at age ten in Royal South Street Society competitions, winning several awards. As a result of her successful performances, she earned a scholarship to the Albert Street Conservatorium of Music in Melbourne. In 1914, she travelled to Europe, where she studied with German violinist Siegfried Eberhardt, in Berlin. Her sister Kathleen travelled with her. In the summer of 1914, Healy travelled to England. War was declared in July, and Healy remained in England, where she studied with Albert Sammons, and played charitable concerts for the war effort.
Healy returned to Australia in 1920, and in 1923, began teaching violin at the Albert Street Conservatorium. By 1943, she had become the music conductor of the chamber orchestra at the school. She continued performing as a violinist, appearing with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, the Australian Musical News Chamber Music Club and other classical music organizations.
Religious life
In 1948, Healy left her post at the Albert Street Conservatorium, and joined the Sisters of Mercy religious order. She took her final vows in 1950. She lived at the Convent of Mercy in her hometown of Ballarat East, taking the name Sister Catherine of Siena. Healy taught musical education at Sacred Heart College, where she also oversaw the orchestra. She introduced new works by contemporary composers, including the English composer Benjamin Britten, and her influence was instrumental in the college earning a reputation for excellence in musical education. Healy passed away in 1984, and is buried in the cemetery in Ballarat.
References
1894 births
1984 deaths
20th-century Australian Roman Catholic nuns
Australian classical violinists
Women classical violinists
Sisters of Mercy
Lilian Drescher Kelaidis (born 23 May 1965) is a former professional tennis player from Switzerland.
Biography
Tennis career
Born in Venezuela, Drescher was the Junior Orange Bowl (14 & Under) champion in 1979, representing her native country. In the 1980s she played for several years on the professional circuit, based in Switzerland.
Drescher represented Switzerland in the women's singles at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, which was a demonstration event. The only Swiss player in the draw, she had wins over Elizabeth Minter and Renata Šašak, before being eliminated in the quarterfinals by sixth seeded Italian Raffaella Reggi. She also played Federation Cup tennis for Switzerland, in 1984 and 1985, featuring in the second round both years. In 1985 she won a Federation Cup singles match against Czechoslovakia's Helena Suková, but Switzerland lost the tie to the reigning champions.
On the WTA Tour she won one title, the 1984 Japan Open, which she managed to do without dropping a set all tournament, including a win over a young Gabriela Sabatini in the fourth round. She defeated American Shawn Foltz in the final. Early in 1985 she made the round of 16 at the Lipton International Players Championships in Delray Beach, the only tournament of the season outside of Grand Slams to feature a 128 player draw. This performance took her into the top 50 of the world rankings.
She competed in the main draw of all four Grand Slams during her career and reached the second round on three occasions. One of her wins was against future Wimbledon champion Jana Novotna, who was making her Grand Slam debut, at the 1986 French Open.
Personal life
She married Nicolas Kelaidis, a former Greek Davis Cup representative who had been a national coach in Switzerland in the 1980s. Their son, Carlos, plays collegiate tennis at Clemson University as of 2017 and has been a top 200 ranked junior on the international tour.
WTA Tour finals
Singles (1-0)
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Swiss female tennis players
Venezuelan emigrants to Switzerland
Tennis players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic tennis players of Switzerland
Korean holidays may refer to:
Public holidays in North Korea
Public holidays in South Korea
Traditional Korean holidays; see Korean calendar
Lino Arruda is a Brazilian artist, illustrator, graphic novelist, and researcher. He is known for the autobiographical comic book Monstrans: Experiencing Horrormones, which was awarded by Itaú Cultural's Itaú Rumos fund. The work received the MixBrasil award, in 2021, in the category of the best LGBTQIA+ book of the year and is a finalist for the Golden Crown Literary Society's 2022 Goldie awards, in the non-fiction category.
Arruda is a trans man and often writes and researches on LGBTQIA+ topics. He earned a master's degree in Art History and a doctorate in Literature and both processes inspired his artistic productions. In addition to Monstrans, the artist has also published the zines Anomalina (2014), Novo Corte de Peitos (2018), Quimer(d)a (2015) and Sapatoons (2011). He currently writes the transfuturist comic CISFORIA: The worst of both worlds with the support of the ProAC fund.
See also
LGBT themes in comics
Brazilian comics
List of fictional trans characters
List of transgender publications
References
External links
Official website
LGBT people from Brazil
Transgender men
Brazilian male artists
Brazilian illustrators
Transgender writers
Transgender artists
LGBT comics creators
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The Burundi national rugby union team represents Burundi in international rugby union. The nation is a member of the International Rugby Board (IRB) and have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup tournament. The Burundi national rugby team played their first international in 2003 - losing to Uganda. They participate annually in the CAR Castel Beer Trophy. However, in the 2007 tournament Burundi withdrew for financial reasons.
History
Rugby has been played in Burundi since the 1970s, first among Belgian players who mixed during the 1980s with many French residents. The first officially registered rugby team was the “Intambwe Rugby Club”. The first presidents were Stanislas Mandi and Christian Taupiac. Among the greatest players are Marc Bourgeois, Charles Mugiraneza, “Okume”, Bernard Bordes, Patrice Ndindakumana, Lilian Campan, Louis Riboli, and Simeon Sahabo. The IRC has played international matches against the French, Rwandese and Kenyan teams.
External links
Burundi on IRB.com
Burundi on rugbydata.com
African national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Burundi
National sports teams of Burundi
The William M. Manley House is a historic house located in Fall River, Massachusetts. The brick house was built in 1876. The double-bay wooden storefronts / porches were added around 1894 and expanded in 1916.
The house is an unusual Italianate brick villa with a matching carriage house. William Manley, a mason and builder had his office and house located here in 1876. He sold the property to the Taunton Brick Co. who held the property until 1887 when they sold it to the Second Baptist Society of Fall River. They used it as a parsonage until 1909. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Italianate architecture in Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1876
Eric A. Kimmel (born 1946) is an American author of more than 50 children's books. His works include Caldecott Honor Book Hershel and the Hanukkah Goblins (illustrated by Trina Schart Hyman), Sydney Taylor Book Award winners The Chanukkah Guest and Gershon's Monster, and Simon and the Bear: A Hanukkah Tale.
Kimmel was born in Brooklyn, New York and earned a bachelor's degree in English literature from Lafayette College in 1967, a master's degree from New York University, and a PhD in Education from the University of Illinois in 1973. He taught at Indiana University at South Bend, and at Portland State University, where he is Professor Emeritus of Education.
Kimmel lives with his wife, Doris, in Portland, Oregon.
Awards
2004: National Jewish Book Award for Wonders and Miracles: A Passover Companion
2008: National Jewish Book Award in the Illustrated Children's Book category for The Mysterious Guests: A Sukkot Story. Illustration by Katya Krenina
2011: National Jewish Book Award in the Illustrated Children's Book category for The Golem's Latkes Illustration by Aaron Jasinski
2013: National Jewish Book Award in the Illustrated Children's Book category for Hanukkah Bear Illustration by Mike Wohnoutka
References
Living people
1946 births
American children's writers
University of Illinois alumni
New York University alumni
Lafayette College alumni
Writers from Portland, Oregon
Portland State University faculty
Jewish American writers
Date of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American Jews
There are several newspapers on the Faroe Islands, ranging from single man publications about local news to widely distributed publications reporting on international events and business news.
Dimmalætting
Dimmalætting (Faroese for "dawn") is the oldest and largest newspaper of the Faroe Islands and is based in Tórshavn.
The first edition of the Dimma, as it is commonly known, appeared (after a test issue on December 8, 1877) on January 5, 1878. Today it has a print run of 8,500 copies (in 1991 it was 13,300) and appears five days weekly. As an answer to competing papers, the Tuesday edition has been delivered free of charge to all households since April 5, 2005.
Since the founding of the Unionist Party in 1906, Dimma was the party paper, but it has since declared itself independent 1995. However, as of 2005, the chief has still been an automatic member of the Unionist party leadership.
The name Dimmalætting combines the word dimmi (darkness) and lætting, from the verb lætta (leave). Dimmið lættir means "it is becoming daytime", or literally, "the darkness is dwindling". The paper's name comes from Venceslaus Ulricus Hammershaimb, the creator of the modern orthography of Faroese.
The Danish name for the paper was the Amtstidene for Færøerne ("official paper for the Faroese"), and its Faroese name was printed in small letters. In its early years, the paper was only published in the Danish language. Then, from 1910 to 1947, it was printed in both languages, and in the years since 1947, Faroese has dominated.
Until 1911, when a Wednesday edition began, the paper only appeared on Saturdays. In the 1920s, the paper expanded to six pages from the previous four. After 1970, the page count rose to eight or more. A third edition was added, and from September 1996, it has appeared five times a week from Tuesday to Saturday. In November 2004, the days were changed to Monday to Friday. Since the middle of March 2005, it has appeared in a smaller format.
The newspaper went bankrupt and folded in October 2013, and restarted in 2014 as a weekly newspaper.
Local.fo
Local.fo was founded in January 2018 by Jens Hákun Leo and Torleif Joensen, currently serving as the only news service in the Faroe Islands to exclusively publish in English. In addition to the website, Local.fo also publishes a physical newspaper, which is distributed free of charge.
Norðlýsið
Norðlýsið is a Faroese newspaper and in recent years also a newsportal, which has a mainly local northern islands focus on its news, with its base in Klaksvík.
Oyggjatíðindi
Oyggjatíðindi was a Faroese newspaper, and since 2011 it is an internet newsportal. It is written mainly by one man, Faroese reporter Dan Klein.
Sosialurin
Sosialurin is a Faroese newspaper, founded in 1927. Originally it was associated with the Social Democrats, but in 2006 the political party sold their part of the shares. The newspaper in partnership with Føroya Tele, a Faroese telecom, operates the website Portal.fo.
Vikublaðið
Vikublaðið was a free Faroese weekly newspaper. In a national survey, it came out as the most read newspaper on the islands. It became online-only in 2008.
Vinnuvitan
Vinnuvitan was the only newspaper on the Faroe Islands that dealt with business issues exclusively. It now exists only on the internet. It was first published in December 2004. It was originally published every other week, but later the newspaper had grown in size and popularity and was published every Thursday for some years. In addition to the newspaper, Vinnuvitan was also a publishing house, releasing a small number of books each year, including Skipalistin and Okkara Sangbók.
Vinnuvitan was also the founder and organizer of the annual Faroese Advertising Awards (Kolan). It was chosen Best Achievement of 2006 (Ársins Átak) by the Faroese House of Industry.
See also
Media of the Faroe Islands
References
External links
onlinenewspapers.com
Dimmalætting online
Local.fo online (in English)
Norðlýsið website
Oyggjatíðindi website
Skipalistin website
Sosialurin online
Vinnuvitan online
Vinnuvitan.biz
Vikublad website
Faroe Islands
Faroe Islands
Faroe Islands-related lists
The Zabūr (also Zabur, ) is, according to Islam, the holy book of David, one of the holy books revealed by God before the Quran, alongside others such as the Tawrāh (Torah) and the Injīl (Gospel). Muslim tradition maintains that the Zabur mentioned in the Quran is the Psalms of David.
The Christian monks and ascetics of pre-Islamic Arabia may be associated in pre-Islamic Arabic poetry with texts called zabūr, which in other contexts may refer to palm leaf documents. This has been interpreted by some as referring to psalters.
Among many Christians in the Middle East and in South Asia, the word Zabur (Hindustani (Nastaʿlīq), (Devnagari)) is used for the Psalms of David in the Hebrew Bible.
Etymology
The Arabic word zabūr means "book" "inscription," or "writing." In early sources it may refer to South Arabian writing on palm leaves.
Much of Western scholarship sees the word zabūr in the sense "psalter" as being a conflation of Arabic zabūr, "writing", with the Hebrew word for "psalm", mizmōr () or its Aramaic equivalent mazmūrā ().
An alternate, less accepted origin for the title zabūr in this sense is that it is a corruption of the Hebrew zimrah () meaning "song, music" or sippūr (), meaning "story."
Mention in the Quran
In the Qur'an, the Zabur is mentioned by name three times. The Qur'an itself says nothing about the Zabur specifically, except that it was revealed to Dawud and that in the Zabur is written "My servants the righteous, shall inherit the earth".
Connection to Psalms
In the Quran, the Zabur refers to the Psalms of David. The Quran 21:105 says that in the Zabur there is a quote "the land is inherited by my righteous servants". This resembles the 29th verse of Psalm 37 which says, "The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein for ever," (as translated in the King James Version of the Bible).
Ahrens supports the view that Al-Anbiya 105 is quoting from the Psalms (1930). He says that the verse in the Qur'an reads, "We have written in the Zabur after the reminder that My righteous servants shall inherit the earth." His conclusion is that this verse represents a close and rare linguistic parallel with the Hebrew Bible and, more pointedly, with Psalm 37 ascribed specifically to David (see wording in verses 9,11,29).
In Hadith
One hadith, considered valid by Muhammad al-Bukhari, says:
Ketuvim
Christian apologist Karl Gottlieb Pfander suggested that the Qur'an's reference to Zabur actually refers to the third division of the Hebrew Scriptures, known as the Writings or Ketuvim, a broader grouping of Jewish holy books encompassing the Psalms and other collections of Hebrew literature and poetry.
See also
Scrolls of Abraham
Sabians
Sheba
Book of Psalms
References
Psalms
Islamic texts
Arabian Peninsula
Islamic terminology
David
tr:Zebur
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1543.
Events
unknown date – In France:
The Faculty of Theology of the University of Paris issues its first Index of prohibited (religious) books.
Guillaume Rouillé sets up as a bookseller in Lyon.
New books
Prose
Mikael Agricola – Abckiria (first book printed in Finnish)
Nicolaus Copernicus – De revolutionibus orbium coelestium (On the Revolution of the Heavenly Spheres)
Martin Luther – Vom Schem Hamphoras
Fernan Perez de Oliva, completed by Francisco Cervantes de Salazar – Dialogo de la dignidad del hombre
Andreas Vesalius – De humani corporis fabrica libri septem (On the Fabric of the Human Body, in Seven Books)
Benefizio della Morte di Cristo ("The Benefit of Christ's Death", attributed to Aonio Paleario)
Drama
Lodovico Dolce – Hecuba
Poetry
See 1543 in poetry
Births
February 4 – Giovanni Francesco Fara, Sardinian historian, geographer and clergyman
February 25 – Sharaf Khan Bidlisi, politician, historian and poet (died 1603)
November 2 – Kasper Franck, German theologian (died 1584)
Unknown dates
Louis Bellaud, Occitan language writer and poet (died 1588)
Thomas Deloney, silk weaver and writer (died in or before 1600 in literature)
Bartosz Paprocki, Polish and Czech historiographer, translator and poet (died 1614)
Thomas Twyne, Elizabethan translator and physician (died 1613)
Antonio Veneziano, Sicilian poet (died 1593)
Deaths
May 24 – Nicolaus Copernicus, Polish Renaissance mathematician and astronomer (born 1473)
July 19 – Berthold of Chiemsee, German theologian (born 1465)
Unknown date – Jan Dubčanský ze Zdenína, Moravian nobleman, printer of Moravia's first Czech-language book (born 1490)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
"Praying to a New God" is a single by Wang Chung. Released in April 1989, the song peaked at #63 on the Billboard Hot 100 on May 27. The official music video for the song was directed by Andy Morahan.
Charts
References
1989 songs
1989 singles
Geffen Records singles
Music videos directed by Andy Morahan
Songs written by Nick Feldman
Songs written by Jack Hues
Wang Chung (band) songs
Hinds is a small town in the Mid-Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island. It is located on the Canterbury Plains on the south bank of the Hinds River, which reaches the Pacific Ocean between the nearby localities of Longbeach and Lowcliffe. Other localities around Hinds include Ealing to the west, Willowby, Windermere, and Winslow to the northeast, and Eiffelton to the southeast.
Naming
The township and the surrounding district are named after the Hinds River. The river in turn was named after the Reverend Samuel Hinds, a member of the Canterbury Association that organised the settlement of Canterbury.
History
State Highway 1 and the Main South Line railway pass through Hinds. Passenger trains have not regularly operated through Hinds since the cancellation of the daily Southerner service on 10 February 2002, but freight trains run multiple times every day. The town also has a primary school; it dates from 1881 and the original classrooms are still in use. The school's size was boosted in the 1930s when rural schools in Ealing, Maronan, and Lynnford were closed and their students sent to Hinds. There were plans to build a secondary school in Hinds, but these never eventuated and the primary school gained land set aside for the secondary school.
In 2011 with the closure of the rural school in Lowcliffe their students were sent to Hinds.
Demographics
Hinds are described by Statistics New Zealand as a rural settlement, and covers . It is part of the Ealing-Lowcliffe statistical area.
Hinds had a population of 291 at the 2018 New Zealand census, a decrease of 9 people (-3.0%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 9 people (3.2%) since the 2006 census. There were 114 households. There were 153 males and 138 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.11 males per female, with 57 people (19.6%) aged under 15 years, 54 (18.6%) aged 15 to 29, 150 (51.5%) aged 30 to 64, and 36 (12.4%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 90.7% European/Pākehā, 14.4% Māori, 2.1% Pacific peoples, 2.1% Asian, and 1.0% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 55.7% had no religion, 30.9% were Christian, 2.1% were Hindu, 1.0% were Muslim and 2.1% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 9 (3.8%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 75 (32.1%) people had no formal qualifications. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 129 (55.1%) people were employed full-time, 39 (16.7%) were part-time, and 12 (5.1%) were unemployed.
Education
Hinds School is a full primary school catering for years 1 to 8. It has students as of The school opened in 1881.
References
Ashburton District
Populated places in Canterbury, New Zealand
Victor E. Cabrera is a Peruvian-American academic and researcher. He is a Professor and Extension Specialist in dairy farm management and Alfred Toepfer Faculty Fellow at University of Wisconsin-Madison's Department of Animal and Dairy Sciences.
Cabrera has developed more than 50 decision support tools for the farming industry. Cabrera is an experienced keynote speaker frequently invited to give talks in international research and extension conferences. He was listed as one of the College experts with the greatest reach through media in 2020 by University of Wisconsin.
Cabrera is an Associate Editor of Frontiers in Animal Science - Precision Livestock Farming, He is the recipient of several awards including Pound Extension Award from University of Wisconsin-Madison College of Agricultural and Life Sciences, and Foundation Scholar Award in Dairy Production by the American Dairy Science Association.
Cabrera has published 198 research items and has 2,358 citations with an i10-index of 59 according to Google Scholar.
Education
Cabrera studied Biology and Agronomy and graduated from Universidad Nacional Agraria La Molina in 1993. He then enrolled at University of Florida and earned his master's degree in Farming Systems Research and Extension in 1999, and his Doctoral degree in Interdisciplinary Ecology in 2004. He completed his postdoctoral research from University of Miami in 2006.
Career
Cabrera joined New Mexico State University as an Assistant Professor before joining University of Wisconsin-Madison in 2008 as an assistant professor of dairy farm management. He was promoted to associate professor in 2013 and became a full professor in 2018.
Research
Cabrera has worked on combining applied research, interdisciplinary approaches, and participatory methods for the development of support tools that are aimed to improve farm profitability, environmental stewardship, and long-term sustainability of the farm industry.
Agricultural climate
Cabrera focused on the influence of seasonal climate variability and worked on AgClimate, a web-based climate forecast and information system for proactive adaptations to seasonal climate variability forecasts in the USA. He published a paper in the mid 2000 highlighting the system's main components and tools, along with the development of the various upgrades.
Cabrera also investigated the value of ENSO-based climate information and the impact of farm programs in situations involving varying climate, prices, and risk aversion levels. He found seasonal climate forecasts to be of higher value to risk averse farmers. His study also indicated a decrease in the value of forecast information when the commodity loan and crop insurance programs were included in the research. A follow-up study proposed optimized crop insurance strategies to reduce farm risk using climate information.
Dairy farm management
Cabrera applied a technical inefficiency model and conducted an empirical analysis to study the determinants of technical efficiency among dairy farms in Wisconsin. He observed increased milk production due to an administration of bovine somatotropin hormone to lactating cows, and also highlighted the influence of farm efficiency on various factors. He presented an economic decision-making support system in the 2010s for predicting the future reproductive and economic performance of dairy herds. He also presented a case study regarding using the proposed model for comparing different reproductive management strategies. Cabrera developed a model that finds optimal strategies for guaranteeing target net returns when enrolling in a dairy farm price insurance program. He later applied the model to investigate the interplay between producer risk preferences, contract design, and premium subsidizing to determine program coverage.
Cabrera assessed the impact of mitigation strategies on greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and net return to management on 3 farm production systems of Wisconsin. He found that using the effective mitigation strategies reduced GHG emissions and that the outcomes of feeding and manure management mitigation strategies was dependent on the type of farm system. He studied and reported the optimal feeding strategies on certified organic dairy farms. He developed a model to assess the economic value of using earlier chemical pregnancy tests and found that one-week earlier blood chemical tests can be economically effective if they are at least 90% accurate He also developed an economic model for studying the economic impact of twinning in dairy cows and for evaluation of management strategies to mitigate the aforementioned economic effect.
Cabrera also focused on nutrition and nutritional grouping and discussed the relevant constraints by presenting a survey study conducted in Wisconsin and Michigan dairy farms. He also identified the limiting factors regarding the grouping in farms having more than 200 lactating cows. He also highlighted the economic impact of nutritional grouping in dairy herds by applying a stochastic Monte Carlo simulation model.
Cabrera developed a new nutritional grouping method, called the OptiGroup, which maximizes the milk income by using a mixed-integer nonlinear programming optimization algorithm. His study indicated OptiGroup to be more economical as compared to the cluster method for nutritional grouping. He also developed a model application for the systematization of nutritional grouping management in commercial dairy farms.
Dairy management tools
Cabrera has conducted research regarding the development of decision support tools. In 2005, he published a paper on the model components and computer implementation of the Dynamic North Florida Dairy farm model (DyNoFlo Dairy), which is a decision support system integrating nutrient budgeting, crop, optimization models, and the economic impacts resulting from reducing the nitrogen leaching in different climatic conditions He developed a decision support tool based on Markov chain model for solving the cow value and the replacement problem, along with future production expectancy of the cow and the genetic gain associated with the replacement. Also, Cabrera proposed a novel modeling framework using Markovian linear programming to optimize dairy farmer-defined goals and illustrate it with a practical application selecting optimal diets throughout entire lactations reaching maximum net income and minimum nitrogen excretion.
Cabrera designed a tool called the Wisconsin-Cornell Dairy Repro implementing the Markov-chain model to study the reproductive and economic impact of reproductive programs combining timed artificial insemination and different levels of artificial insemination after estrus detection.
Data science and precision dairy farming
Cabrera leads the UW-Madison Dairy Brain initiative, a technology to collect live dairy farm data streams from disaggregated sources in real-time.
Awards and honors
2011 - Foundation Scholar Award in Dairy Production, American Dairy Science Association
2011 - Alfred Toepfer Faculty Fellow Award, University of Wisconsin-Madison College of Agricultural and Life Sciences
2012 - Pound Extension Award, University of Wisconsin-Madison College of Agricultural and Life Sciences
2012 - Distinguished Achievement Award, University of Florida School of Natural Resources and Environment
2013 - Second Mile Award, Wisconsin Association of County Agricultural Agents
2016 - Vilas Faculty Mid-Career Investigator Award, University of Wisconsin-Madison
2019 - DeLaval Dairy Extension Award, American Dairy Science Association
Selected journal articles
Cabrera, V. E., J. A. Barrientos, H. Delgado, and L. Fadul-Pacheco. 2020. Real-time continuous decision making using big data on dairy farms. Journal of Dairy Science 103:3856–3866.
Cabrera, V. E., and A. S. Kalantari. 2016. Economics of production efficiency: Nutritional grouping. Journal of Dairy Science 99:825–841.
Cabrera, V. E. 2014. Economics of fertility in high-yielding dairy cows on confined TMR systems. Animal 8:211-221.
Cabrera, V. E. 2012. A simple formulation and solution to the replacement problem: A practical tool to assess the economic cow value, the value of a new pregnancy, and the cost of a pregnancy loss. Journal of Dairy Science 95:4683-4698
Cabrera, V. E. 2010. A large Markovian linear program for replacement policies to optimize dairy herd net income for diets and nitrogen excretion. Journal of Dairy Science 93:394-406
References
External links
Dairy Management
Dairy Brain
Living people
National Agrarian University alumni
University of Florida alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
American people of Peruvian descent
Kurt Klingler (born 9 September 1928) is a Swiss former sports shooter. He competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1928 births
Possibly living people
Swiss male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Switzerland
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Bülach
Sportspeople from the canton of Zürich
Michael McShane may refer to:
Michael J. McShane (born 1961), American judge
Mike McShane (born 1955), American actor and comedian
Mike McShane (ice hockey), American ice hockey coach
National Road No. 8 (10008) is one of the national highways of Cambodia. The road is located in Prey Veng Province of southeastern Cambodia.
It begins at the junction with National Highway 6A. Immediately after it crosses the Mekong River on the Prek Tamak Bridge, it turns east to the village of Amphil near the border with Vietnam. It ends at the junction with National Highway 7.
References
Roads in Cambodia
Buildings and structures in Prey Veng province
Prey Veng province
Guardian () is a 2018 Chinese web series starring Bai Yu and Zhu Yilong. An adaptation of the 2012 fantasy-danmei web novel of the same name by Priest, the series was released on the video platform Youku between June 13 and July 25, 2018. The series follows Zhao Yunlan (Bai) and Shen Wei (Zhu), a detective and a professor who investigate supernatural phenomena. Though the novel depicts their relationship as romantic in nature, the web series depicts the relationship as a platonic friendship with homoerotic subtext in response to Chinese laws prohibiting depictions of same-sex relationships on television.
The series was widely popular on the web, and received a total of 1.8 billion views by August 2018. That same month, Guardian was pulled from Youku amid a crackdown on "harmful and vulgar" internet content, but was later re-uploaded.
Synopsis
Guardian is set on the Earth-like planet of Haixing, populated by a native human population and two alien races — the Yashou, who are able to shapeshift into plants and animals, and the Dixing, superpowered beings who live deep underground. The three races have enjoyed a peaceful co-existence since the arrival of the Yashou and Dixing over ten thousand years ago, broken only by an ancient war declared by the Dixing after a meteor strike depleted their resources. During that war, the Haixing and Yashou were led by the hero Kunlun, who became a close comrade to the Black Robe Envoy, the leader of a faction within the Dixing that sought peace. The war was won by the Haixing with the use of four holy tools crafted from the meteor. At the end of the war, Kunlun vanished, and the Black Robe Envoy became the overseer of peace between the races while awaiting Kunlun's return.
In the present, conflict has begun to erupt again between the Dixing and the surface-dwelling races. The hotheaded Zhao Yunlan leads the Special Investigation Department (SID), a group that works with the Black Robe Envoy to uphold peace and investigate cases related to the Dixing people. While investigating an incident at the local university, Zhao is assisted by Shen Wei, a biological engineering professor. The two men are drawn closer together as a mysterious enemy threatens to re-ignite war.
Cast
Bai Yu as Zhao Yunlan / Kunlun
The director and leader of the Special Investigation Department (SID). He is the reincarnation of the ancient war hero Kunlun, the Black Robe Envoy's comrade-in-arms (and, in the original novel, also his lover). He works with Shen Wei to save Haixing from destruction.
Zhu Yilong as Shen Wei / Black Robe Envoy / Ye Zun
A bio-engineering professor who later joins SID as a consultant. Shen Wei is the civilian identity of the Black Robe Envoy, who seeks to find the four ancient holy tools and keep the peace between the humans and the Dixing. Zhu also portrays Ye Zun, Shen Wei's twin brother and the primary antagonist of the series.
Xin Peng as Guo Chang Cheng / Xiao Guo
An intern at SID. He is clumsy and cowardly, but kind in nature.
Li Yan as Da Qing / Black Cat, Fat Cat, Dead Cat.
The deputy director of SID. A Yashou who is able to transform into a cat and former comrade to Kunlun, he became immortal after touching one of the holy tools, but suffers from memory loss and has no memory of Kunlan or the Black Robe Envoy.
Gao Yu'er as Zhu Hong
A secretary at SID, though she frequently participates in field missions. A Yashou who is able to transform into a snake, she fell in love with Zhao and left her tribe so that she could work with him at SID.
Wang Naichao as Zhu Jiu
A villainous Dixing leader and underling to Ye Zun, who seeks to establish the domination of the Dixing over the surface-dwelling races.
Jiang Mingyang as Chu Shuzhi
A field agent at SID who uses psychic marionette strings to fight. A Dixing who was banished after being convicted of murder, he joins SID and later becomes the Black Robe Envoy's spy within the organization.
Min Tingliu as Lin Jing
SID's resident technical genius, adept in various fields of science. Responsible for forensics and experiments.
Li Siqi as Wang Zheng / Ge Lan
The human resources manager at SID, although she generally performs secretarial duties. An etheric being (i.e., a ghost) who is the descendant of an ancient tribe.
Wang Chao Wei as Sang Zan
The archivist at SID. Wang Zheng's lover, and like her, an etheric being. He appears later in the show after being rescued by Wang Zheng. He has difficulties maintaining a physical form, and has trouble speaking and moving.
Wang Weihua as Zhao Xinchi
Zhao Yunlan's father, and the former director of SID.
Ju Xiaoyun as Ya Qing
A Yashou who is the eldest of the Crow tribe. She initially helps Ye Zun in order to revive her tribe, but later realizes her mistakes and turns to the SID.
Ma Liang as Ying Chun
A Yashou who is the eldest of the Flower tribe.
Hao Shuang as Sha Ya
A Dixing who possesses electrical powers. She is also Lin Jing's lover.
Yuan Ye as Mister Yan
Ye Zun's subordinate.
Wang Yongfeng as Cong Bo
An intelligence agent who offers external assistance to SID.
Jing Long as Guo Ying
Deputy director of the Investigation Bureau. Guo Changcheng's uncle.
Dong Fan as Li Qian
A student at Dragon City University. Later becomes a researcher at Haixing Research Institute.
Zhou Xiaohai as Ouyang Zhen
A professor at Haixing Research Institute.
Ji Weigang as Lao Li
An employee of SID who makes food for Da Qing.
Production
A web series adaptation of Guardian was announced on March 23, 2017.
The series began filming in April 2017 in Shanghai, and wrapped up in July 2017.
A media visit was held in June 2017 at the filming set. The opening song, We Won't Be Falling was produced by an American team for the drama, with a performance by the Budapest Art Orchestra.
Release
The first trailer was released on January 16, 2018. The second trailer was released on March 26, 2018. On June 11, 2018, a press conference was held with Bai and Zhu in attendance.
The series premiered on June 13, 2018 on the streaming platform Youku, and concluded on July 25, 2018. Members of Youku's paid VIP service were given access to three episodes on Wednesdays and three episodes on Thursdays, while non-members were given access to one episode per day from Monday to Saturday. The series was released in South Korea by Chunghwa TV, and in the United States by Viki.
Removal and re-release
On August 2, 2018, Guardian was pulled from Youku for "content adjustments" amid a crackdown by the National Radio and Television Administration on "harmful and vulgar" internet content. The series was re-uploaded to Youku on November 10, 2018 with some scenes re-edited or deleted, receiving over 52 million views in the first seven days of its re-release.
Currently it is being removed again and is no longer available in the US.
Soundtrack
Critical response
Guardian has received positive reviews, with People's Daily Online praising the series' "progressive" storyline and "touching" drama, and China Entertainment News praising the story's realism and lack of sensationalism. Conversely, a review for Yangcheng Evening News criticized the series as "unsophisticated."
The term "Guardian girls" (镇魂女孩) was coined to describe female fans of the series. Prior to the series' removal from Youku, fans would discuss the series' homoerotic content on social media under the hashtag "socialist brotherhood" in order to avoid notice from state censors.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Guardian on JJWXC
2018 web series debuts
2018 Chinese television series debuts
2018 Chinese television series endings
Chinese web series
Chinese-language television shows
Youku original programming
Chinese science fiction television series
Chinese mystery television series
Television shows based on Chinese novels
Censored television series
Television censorship in China
Chinese LGBT-related web series
LGBT-related controversies in television
Obscenity controversies in television
I, Me aur Main () is a 2013 Indian Hindi romantic comedy film directed by debut film director Kapil Sharma. It features John Abraham, Prachi Desai and Chitrangada Singh in lead roles. It was released on 1 March 2013.
Plot
Ishaan, a charismatic, good-looking, self-centered, pompous, dependent, coquettish music producer from Mumbai, lives a sheltered existence as the apple of his mother's eye, always protected by his elder sister Shivani. He lives with his girlfriend Anushka and takes her for granted. One day Anushka kicks him out of her house due to his irresponsibility about their relationship.
His new neighbor Gauri comes into his life, and he begins to fall in love with her. Ishaan is forced out of his company, and Gauri encourages him to start his own music company. While Ishaan is working on his music, Anushka is pregnant with his child but decides not to tell him that he is responsible. A few days later, Ishaan learned that his ex-girlfriend is pregnant with his child. Gauri gets a scholarship to Paris, and Ishaan and Gauri decide to live there after his big launch.
On the day of the launch, Anushka starts having contractions, and Ishaan, realizing his responsibilities, takes Anushka to the hospital where they have a daughter. Gauri leaves for Paris, understanding what is happening. Eight months later, Ishaan and his baby girl Diya talk to Gauri, who is returning soon, while Anushka is happily married to another man.
Cast
John Abraham as Ishaan Sabharwal
Prachi Desai as Gauri Dandekar
Chitrangada Singh as Anushka Lal
Zarina Wahab as Nisha Sabharwal, Ishaan's mother
Priyanka Sharma as Taruni
Errol Peter Marks as Tarun Mehra, Ishaan's best friend
Raima Sen as Beena Chandok
Sameer Soni as Agastya (in a special appearance)
Sheena Shahabadi as Amala
Deepti Gujral as Mrinalini
Mini Mathur as Shivani Sabharwal, Ishaan's sister
Sai Gundewar as Rafiq
Amar Talwar as Mr. Sabharwal, Ishaan's father
Micky Makhija as Mr. Narayan
Mukul Chadda as Adil, Ishaan's brother-in-law
Krish Chatterji as Rishi, Adil and Shivani's son
Arlette Evita Grao as Shona
Yugesh Anil as Gauri's friend
Gyanesh as Akshay Tanwar
Release
The film was earlier expected to release in December 2012; it was pushed to March 2013. The theatrical trailer was released on 28 January 2013.
Critical reception
I, Me aur Main received mixed-to-negative reviews from critics. Alisha Coelho of in.com gave 3.5 stars out of 5 and said that the movie was "proof that a movie with John Abraham as the lead can be your time and money's worth and that Bollywood can (if it tried) make love stories that don't defy common sense and good taste."
Nishi Tiwari for Rediff.com has given 2/5 stars and says I, Me Aur Main has its moments but falters badly with its plot.
Simon Foster for sbs.com.au has given 2/5 stars and says "Action Man Fails To Make Dramatic Jump.
Box office
I, Me, Aur Main opened to poor collections. The film had little growth on the weekend, but the collections were still low and was eventually declared a flop.
Soundtrack
One song from Sridevi starrer 1989 Bollywood comedy film ChaalBaaz "Na Jaane Kahan Se Aayi Hai" was re-created in the film. The album consists of seven tracks composed by four musicians — Sachin–Jigar, Gourov Dasgupta, Pakistani artist Falak Shabir and Raghav Sachar. Musicperk.com rated the album 7.5/10 quoting "Saajna, Naa Jaane, Darbadar (written by Mayur Puri), Meri Jaaniye are the picks of the album." The track "Capuchino" was a rip-off from the original song "I'm Shipping Up to Boston" and the track "Na Jaane" is a rip-off of "Part-Time Lover" a 1985 single by Stevie Wonder, from his album In Square Circle.
Track list
References
External links
2010s Hindi-language films
2013 romantic comedy films
2013 films
Films scored by Sachin–Jigar
Indian romantic comedy films
Rose Audio Visuals
Reliance Entertainment films
Zuibaiji Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 7.2 km2. The dam impounds about 12 ha of land when full and can store 2420 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1969 and completed in 1977.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1977 establishments in Japan
Altericroceibacterium is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
The type species is Altericroceibacterium indicum.
References
Sphingomonadales
Hoopla or Hupla may refer to:
HOOPLA!, a periodical devoted to Object-Oriented Programming techniques
Hoop-La (1933), starring Clara Bow
Houp La! (1916), a musical comedy
Hoopla, an informal version of the ring-tossing game, Quoits
The Hoopla, an Australian news and opinion website
Hoopla!, former name of Malthouse Theatre, a Melbourne theatre company
Hoopla (album), a 1999 album by the rapper Speech
Hoopla (digital media service), a digital media service provided to public libraries
Hoopla Software in Silicon Valley, San Jose, California
Miles Hoopla, a cancelled Second World War bomber aircraft
See also
Hupla language, a Papuan language
Hoopa (disambiguation)
Peter Madden may refer to:
Peter E. Madden (born 1942), American politician and businessman
Peter Madden (actor) (1904–1976), British actor
Peter Madden (artist), New Zealand artist, subject of a 2010 exhibition at the Institute of Modern Art in Brisbane, Australia
Peter Madden (footballer) (born 1934), English footballer
Peter Madden (gang leader) (fl. 1910–1914), North American gang leader
Peter Madden (solicitor) (fl. 1979–present), solicitor in Belfast, Northern Ireland
Tirando is a method of plucking used in classical guitar and flamenco guitar. Tirando is Spanish for "pulling" (in English, it is also called a "free stroke"). After plucking, the finger does not touch the string that is next lowest in pitch (physically higher) on the guitar, as it does with apoyando.
Classical guitar
Flamenco
Guitar performance techniques
Spanish classical guitar
ru:Гитара#Звукоизвлечение
Castronuovo di Sant'Andrea is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Patricia J. DeVaney (born October 30, 1968) is an associate justice of the South Dakota Supreme Court, appointed by Governor Kristi Noem in 2019. She became the 52nd member of the court, succeeding the seat vacated by the death of Justice Steven L. Zinter.
Early life and education
She graduated summa cum laude from the University of South Dakota in Vermillion, South Dakota, in 1990, and from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1993.
Legal career and state judicial service
After graduating from law school, DeVaney served in the state attorney general's office from 1993 to 2012 as a trial lawyer and an appellate lawyer.
In 2012, DeVaney was appointed as a Circuit Court Judge by Governor Dennis Daugaard. She served as a Circuit Court Judge until her elevation to the South Dakota Supreme Court in 2019.
South Dakota Supreme Court
On April 4, 2019, Governor Kristi Noem appointed DeVaney to the South Dakota Supreme Court, to the seat vacated by the death of Justice Steven Zinter. She was sworn in on May 23, 2019.
References
1968 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
21st-century women judges
American women lawyers
American women judges
Justices of the South Dakota Supreme Court
People from Miller, South Dakota
University of South Dakota alumni
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
21st-century American women
Elliott Browne (10 October 1847 – 10 March 1915) was an English cricketer. He played four matches for Gloucestershire in 1872. His brother Gerald was also a first-class cricketer.
References
1847 births
1915 deaths
English cricketers
Gloucestershire cricketers
People from Goldington
The 1993 UK & Ireland Greyhound Racing Year was the 67th year of greyhound racing in the United Kingdom and Ireland.
Roll of honour
Summary
The National Greyhound Racing Club (NGRC) released the annual returns, with totalisator turnover at £88,170,111 and attendances recorded at 3,859,498 from 6054 meetings.
The Linda Mullins trained Heavenly Lady won the 1993 Greyhound of the Year after collecting 17 of the 21 votes available. The black bitch won 25 of her 49 races including the Golden Jacket, Cearns Memorial and TV Trophy. Ringa Hustle was voted Irish Greyhound of the Year after winning the 1993 English Greyhound Derby.
John McGee won the Greyhound Trainer of the Year for the sixth successive year.
The first ever British Greyhound Racing Fund budget of £840,000 was distributed as follows - £210,000 to drug testing, £248,000 to chromatography, £180,000 in track grants, £100,000 in prize money, £50,000 to a national inter track and £42,000 to the Retired Greyhound Trust.
News
The Greyhound Racing Association (GRA) parent company Wembley plc. suffered financial difficulties having to service a £13 million debt. The company's American greyhound operation saw profits fall from £5.9 to £3.3 million. The British tracks were faring better making a £2.1 million profit but that made little difference to the overall debt problems.
The debt ridden Brent Walker the owners of Hackney Wick Stadium were on the verge of selling William Hill to avoid administration.
The inconsistency of chromatography is highlighted during the Oaks at Wimbledon Stadium, the pre-meeting test for a bitch called Ballinderry Gown indicates a problem and she is withdrawn from the first round, an immediate second is taken and is negative. The chromatography system has been widely criticised as being inaccurate and unreliable and although used at all licensed tracks the decision is made to phase out the system. The NGRC plans for a new more reliable system to be put into place with future samples taken by 'the flying squad' (members of unannounced staff from the NGRC taking random samples). The samples would then be tested at the Horseracing Forensic Laboratory (HFL).
Mick Smith becomes Racing Manager at Wembley and Simon Harris switched to Wimbledon from Hall Green to be replaced by Gary Woodward. Dave Lawrence steps in at Bristol to replace the parting Woodward. Dave Baldwin replaces Dave Gunson at Sheffield. Trainer changes during the year saw Derby winning trainer Tony Meek leave Hall Green, David Mullins leave Sunderland for Catford and Pa Fitzgerald joined Reading as a trainer in his own right after helping Patsy Byrne for many years. Reading would also announce the arrival of champion trainer John McGee, his third track in four years. Reading continued to be in the news and this time it was because they increased their Reading Masters prize to a fabulous £20,000. Ken Peckham died just seven years after the exploits of the brilliant Scurlogue Champ. Manx Treasure enjoying success at stud died of cancer aged just three and a half.
Poor Sue retired with a race record of 77 open race wins from 157 races (a new record for open race wins).
Competitions
Kildare Slippy made his third consecutive Grand National final but age was getting the better of him as he was easily beaten by favourite Arfur Daley. Kind of Magic trained by Litzi Miller went one place better than the previous year in the Scurry Gold Cup final at Catford Stadium and this time lifted the trophy. Beaten finalist Ardcollum Hilda achieved a good win the following month when she won the Gold Collar at Catford Stadium over a longer distance at the same track.
Redwood Girl trained by Ernies Gaskin Sr. won the Grand Prix at Walthamstow Stadium, the competition had attracted a good entry and in the final the brindle bitch defeated hot favourite Loch Bo Anchor competing in his second classic final and Heavenly Lady. She would also reach the Oaks final towards the end of the year finishing third behind Pearls Girl. Derby finalist Hypnotic Stag won the Blue Riband and Olympic.
Principal UK races
Totalisator returns
The totalisator returns declared to the National Greyhound Racing Club for the year 1993 are listed below.
References
Greyhound racing in the United Kingdom
Greyhound racing in the Republic of Ireland
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
UK and Ireland Greyhound Racing Year
Maweni is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 8,639 people in the ward.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Daviess County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 31,648. The county seat is Washington. About 15% of the county's population is Amish of Swiss origin, as of 2017.
History
After the American Revolutionary War was settled, the fledgling nation created the Northwest Territory, tentatively divided into two counties. The area that would become the state of Indiana in 1816 was included in the original Knox County. As the area became more settled, Knox was partitioned into smaller counties, the last of which was the present-day Daviess, authorized on 2 February 1818. The boundaries of Daviess were reduced on 21 December 1818 by the formation of Owen County, and on 17 January 1820 by the formation of Martin County. It has retained its present boundary since 1820.
Daviess County was named for Major Joseph Hamilton Daveiss, U.S. District Attorney for Kentucky, killed at the Battle of Tippecanoe in 1811. The earliest settlements were along the White River, which allowed crops and timber to be transported to distant markets. The northeast part of the county was heavily forested, and timber industry flourished in the first half of the nineteenth century. Daviess County shares its namesake with another nearby Daviess County of Kentucky. Both Counties are in the Illinois-Indiana-Kentucky Tri-State Area.
Geography
The terrain of Daviess County is hilly, with its area completely devoted to agriculture or urban development. Its highest elevation (740'/266 meters ASL) is a rise one mile (1.6 km) NNE of Farlen. The county is drained by the White River flowing to the southwest, whose two main forks (East White and West White) come together at the county's SW corner. The county's west boundary is defined by the West White River's course and its south boundary is defined by the East White River's course; their confluence defines the county's corner point.
According to the 2010 census, Daviess County has a total area of , of which (or 98.31%) is land and (or 1.69%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Greene County - north
Martin County - east
Dubois County - southeast
Pike County - southwest
Knox County - west
Major highways
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Washington have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in December 1989 and a record high of was recorded in July 1930. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 31,648 people, 11,329 households, and 8,116 families in the county. The population density was . There were 12,471 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.0% white, 0.5% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 2.6% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 31.4% were German, 13.1% were Irish, 10.8% were American, and 10.6% were English.
Of the 11,329 households, 36.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.4% were non-families, and 24.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.29. The median age was 35.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $53,769. Males had a median income of $36,405 versus $29,652 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,254. About 7.6% of families and 12.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.7% of those under age 18 and 7.6% of those age 65 or over.
Amish community
The Amish (Swiss Amish) community in Daviess County, established in 1868, had a total population of 4,855 people (in 29 congregations) in 2017 or 14.6% of the county's population, stretching along the eastern side of the county from Alfordsville, to Cannelburg and Montgomery to Odon.
Communities
City
Washington
Towns
Alfordsville
Cannelburg
Elnora
Montgomery
Odon
Plainville
Census-designated place
Raglesville
Other unincorporated places
Black Oak
Capehart
Cornettsville
Corning
Epsom
Farlen
Glendale
Graham
Hudsonville
Jordan
Maysville
Pennyville
South Washington
Townships
Barr
Bogard
Elmore
Harrison
Madison
Reeve
Steele
Van Buren
Veale
Washington
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code. The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
A board of commissioners constitutes the county's executive body. Commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The board executes the council's legislative acts, collects revenue, and manages the county's government functions.
The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Each township has a trustee who administers rural fire protection and ambulance service, provides poor relief, manages cemetery care, and performs farm assessment, among other duties. The trustee is assisted in these duties by a three-member township board. The trustees and board members are elected to four-year terms.
Daviess County is part of Indiana's 8th congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 39 and 48; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 45, 63 and 64.
Political Culture
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Daviess County, Indiana
References
Indiana counties
1818 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1818
Southwestern Indiana
The Bourne Ultimatum is the third Jason Bourne novel written by Robert Ludlum and a sequel to The Bourne Supremacy (1986). First published in 1990, it was the last Bourne novel to be written by Ludlum himself. Eric Van Lustbader wrote a sequel titled The Bourne Legacy fourteen years later.
A film of the same name starring Matt Damon was released in 2007. As in the 2004 film, The Bourne Supremacy, the film version of The Bourne Ultimatum has a completely different plot from the novel.
Plot summary
After a message in the form of a murder at a carnival indicates his old enemy, Carlos the Jackal, has resurfaced, David Webb, aka Jason Bourne, works to find him. As the Jackal enters old age and his infamy fades, he decides that he will do two things before he dies: kill Webb/Bourne, and destroy the KGB facility of Novgorod, where the Jackal was trained and was turned away for being a maniac. Carlos the Jackal uses a diverse collective of aged men devoted to his handiwork known as "The Old Men of Paris." The old men, who are mostly criminals, work for the Jackal in return for their family's comfort. Webb sends his wife and children to live with her brother, John St. Jacques, in the Caribbean for protection while Webb himself works with old friend and CIA agent Alexander Conklin, and to a limited degree, the CIA, to hunt down and kill the Jackal first.
While in the Caribbean, the St. Jacques Family faces a number of complications. A "War Hero" arrives, who is actually an "Old Man of Paris," is supposed to assassinate Marie St. Jacques and her two children, and spray paint "Jason Bourne, brother of the Jackal" on the wall. At the same time, a former judge, Brendan P. Prefontaine, arrives. The Jackal thinks that Prefontaine was going to foil his murder plan, and bribes a nurse on the island to kill him. However, his plans are foiled when the "war hero" finds out that when he is done with the murder, he is to be assassinated as well. He turns sides and shoots the nurse, saving Prefontaine. After the foiled assassination, Webb returns to the Caribbean. At the time of his visit, the Jackal himself comes to try to kill Webb, at the same time killing three security guards, the Crown Governor of the island, the "Old Man of Paris" who changed sides (strapped explosives on him), severely beats a waiter, and wounds Jason Bourne in the neck with a bullet (this is the Jackal's trademark and no one has survived it until now).
Webb poses as an important member of Medusa (a newer version than the original he was associated with during the Vietnam era) (see Jason Bourne), now a nearly omnipotent economic force that controls the head of NATO, leading figures in the Defense Department, portions of the American and Sicilian mafia, and large NYSE firms. After several assassinations of key Medusa figures he was interrogating, he realizes that Medusa had nothing to do with the Jackal. The people who wanted to kill him were hired by Medusa and not the Jackal. After that, he goes back undercover and finds Jacqueline Lavier (who is really Dominique Lavier, her sister) who pretends to help him. She is part of the Jackal's group. She phones the Jackal of the location of Bourne's hotel, but is caught by Bourne. However, Bourne sets a trap for the Jackal, only to be foiled by his wife when she sees him. The Jackal realizes it is a trap and runs. Also, John St. Jacques and Bourne's children are relocated to a CIA safe house. However, Pritchard, a clerk, overhears John St. Jacques and Bourne's phone and tells his uncle, who was bribed by the Jackal for 300 pounds. Then, Alex Conklin, Marie St. Jacques, Jason Bourne, and Mo Panov (David's doctor) go to Russia to meet one of Alex's long-time friends. The friend helps them several times.
When they first meet, the Jackal invades the restaurant they meet at and spray paints on the wall the exact location of Jason's son. Jason immediately calls the CIA and they relocate the children. At the same time, Alex and Jason realize that the Russian contact for the Jackal was high up in the KGB. Their Russian contact searches up a list of 13 people, who he keeps traces on. They catch the traitor when he goes to a church to meet the Jackal, along with Ogilvie, an American Medusa traitor. However, Ogilvie is set up by the KGB officials and is photographed with the Jackal. Later, the Jackal tells the Russian traitor that he is being followed by his own government and shows him proof by killing two KGB agents that were following the Russian. The Jackal then kills him. Later, the Jackal meets with a board of Russian traitors. They disavow him and refuse to help him. He goes crazy and kills them all with his Type 56 AK-47 assault rifle, but leaves a woman barely alive, who identifies the Jackal to the police, who in turn notify Alex Conklin.
The Jackal comes to the hotel Webb is at and a furious chase happens, but the Jackal manages to escape to an armory, get weapons, go to Novgorod, and bomb the place. However, Bourne meets him there and they fight. The Jackal runs away, and Bourne throws a grenade, wounding him. One of the officials then closes the gates to the river, and the river rises, drowning the Jackal. Bourne then returns to the Caribbean, where their Russian friend meets them, and the former accepts that Jason Bourne is dead.
Sequels
After Ludlum's death, Eric Van Lustbader continued the story of Jason Bourne in a sequel titled The Bourne Legacy. He has also written subsequent novels in the series entitled The Bourne Betrayal, The Bourne Sanction, The Bourne Deception, The Bourne Objective, The Bourne Dominion, The Bourne Imperative, The Bourne Retribution, The Bourne Ascendancy, and The Bourne Enigma.
Publication history
1990, US, Random House , Pub date February 25, 1990, Hardback.
1990, US, Bantam Books , Pub date August 1990, Paperback.
1990, UK, Grafton Pub date March 8, 1990, Hardback.
1991, UK, HarperCollins , Pub date March 28, 1991, Paperback.
1990 American novels
Action novels
Bourne (novel series)
Novels by Robert Ludlum
American spy novels
American thriller novels
American novels adapted into films
Cultural depictions of Carlos the Jackal
Aqa Ziarat (, also Romanized as Āqā Zīārat, Āqā Zeyārat, and Āqā Zīyārat; also known as Āqzīārat) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 402, in 99 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Mindy Brashears is the former Under Secretary for Food Safety at the U.S. Department of Agriculture. She was nominated by President Donald J. Trump and confirmed by a Senate vote on March 23, 2020 and concluded her service on January 20, 2021. Her responsibilities in this role included leading the nation's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) and its team of over 10,000 food inspectors and scientists. She chaired the Codex Alimentarius Policy Committee, which made her the highest-ranking food safety official in the U.S. government during her tenure.
Following her time at USDA, she returned to her role as Professor of Food Microbiology and Food Safety at Texas Tech University where she is the director for the International Center for Food Industry Excellence.
Early life and education
Brashears was born as Mindy Malynn Hardcastle in Wheeler, Texas. She grew up on a cattle and cotton farm the daughter of Gary and Becky Hardcastle. She graduated from Wheeler High School and went to Texas Tech University in Lubbock, where she majored in Food Technology within the Department of Animal and Food Sciences. She attended school on scholarship from the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo. She graduated from Texas Tech in 1992 and then attended graduate school at Oklahoma State University. There, she earned an M.S. (1994) and a Ph.D. (1997) in Food Science with an emphasis in Food Microbiology under the tutelage of Stan Gilliland.
Academic career
Brashears worked at the University of Nebraska as the State Extension Food Safety Specialist from August 1997 until May 2001. From June 2001 until January 2019 she served as Assistant Professor, Associate Professor and Professor of Food Safety at Texas Tech University. During her time at Texas Tech, she was also the Director of the International Center for Food Industry Excellence as well as a faculty member for the Center for Biodefense, Law and Public Policy in the Texas Tech School of Law. She was a prolific researcher and author with over 130 research papers cited over 2,700 times resulting in an index of 37.2 on ResearchGate.
In 2016, she was selected as a Fellow in the National Academy of Inventors. Her induction ceremony took place on April 6, 2017, as part of the NAI's sixth annual convention at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum in Boston.
COVID-19 pandemic actions
The United States House Select Oversight Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis released a report in May of 2022 detailing the relationship between the Trump administration and the meat packing industry during the COVID-19 pandemic. In the report, Brashear was described as the "go-to fixer" for the meat packing plants. A meat packing lobbyist described a close relationship with Brashear, who was able to prevent local health departments from enforcing COVID-19 safety measures at plants. The report described Brashear providing her personal phone number and email address to industry representatives, in violation of the Federal Records Act.
Public life
In June 2017, Brashears provided expert testimony in the case of Beef Products Inc. (BPI) verses American Broadcasting Companies, Inc., ABC News and other named individuals. BPI's lawyer, Dan Webb contended that ABC's use of the phrase "pink slime" in 2012 made BPI lose customers. During her testimony regarding the legal definition of "beef" she stated, "Slime is not beef. It does not meet any of the definitions of beef. It is false to call LFTB 'pink slime.' It is not 'pink slime." ABC and BPI settled the case, reportedly for $177 million.
References
1970 births
Living people
People from Wheeler, Texas
Texas Tech University faculty
University of Nebraska–Lincoln faculty
Texas Tech University alumni
Oklahoma State University alumni
United States Under Secretaries of Agriculture
Fellows of the National Academy of Inventors
Trump administration personnel
Jean de Menasce (1902–1973) was a French Catholic priest, of the Dominican Order, as well as an author and academic. He came from Jewish Egyptian and French parentage. Over his lifetime he mastered fifteen languages, including Hebrew, Syriac, and Pahlavi. He was in the Catholic contingent among Jewish and Protestant leaders at an important post-war interfaith conference. Menasce wrote as a theologian, and as a scholar of Middle Eastern studies, especially regarding Judaism, and the Zoroastrian religion.
Early years
Jean de Menasce was born in Alexandria on 24 December 1902 into a well-established family in the Jewish community of Egypt. His father, Baron Félix de Menasce, a banker with Austro-Hungarian links, was head of the Jewish community in Alexandria; he had been raised to the peerage by the Emperor of Austria. Jean's mother was French from a Spanish line. A cousin of Jean de Menasce was the writer and diplomat Georges Cattaui, six years his senior. A second cousin was the composer and pianist Jacques de Menasce.
After the local lycée français, Jean de Menasce remained in Cairo studying at its French School of Law. Thereafter he continued his education in Europe, at Oxford University and at the Sorbonne. During the course of his student years, de Menasce had left behind his religious beliefs.
At Oxford's Balliol College, he was a classmate of the future novelist Graham Greene, who also would convert to Catholicism in 1926. Menasce translated into French works of the English poet T. S. Eliot, a friend. In 1922 he made the French translation of a book by the philosopher Bertrand Russell, whom he knew as a fellow member of Lady Ottoline Morrell's salon at Oxford. From the poetry of John Donne, the 17th-century Anglican priest, he had also made French versions. Thus he already enjoyed some recognition when in 1926 he became a convert to Catholicism.
Conversion
In the meantime, de Menasce had continued to study law and philosophy at the Sorbonne in Paris. Then, while pursuing his interest in Zionism, Chaim Weizmann, a family friend and future President of Israel, appointed him secretary of the Zionist Bureau in Geneva. He then traveled to Jerusalem.
Returning to Paris, de Menasce entered a period of personal spiritual crisis, and painful growth. He began his lifelong friendship with the Catholic philosopher Jacques Maritain and his Jewish wife Raissa, both converts from agnosticism twenty years earlier. Another decisive new friend was Louis Massignon, a scholar whose 4-volume study of the Islamic mystic Al-Hallaj had just been published. Massignon, also a convert, had met de Menasce at the La Revue juive [The Jewish Review].
In this learned milieu, in an atmosphere of intense spiritual awareness, de Menasce converted. During his inquiring approach to Christianity with Massignon he had discussed the mystics Theresa of Avila and Francis of Assisi. He had also followed the modern naisance of Jewish-Christian dialogue. After his baptism he spent the first months writing his book on Hassidism, Quand Israel aime Dieu. According to Adrian Hastings:
The book was "an exceptionally beautiful study of Jewish Hasidic holiness. It was, in a way, his farewell tribute to the religion of his ancestors, but one feels that he was able to make it only after he had rediscovered the God of Israel through the discovery of Jesus as Messiah."
He then spent two years in Cairo at his father's request. In 1930 he entered the Dominican Order. His formation for the priesthood was conducted in Belgium at :fr:Le Saulchoir de Kain, and he was ordained in 1935.
As scholar-priest
Roles in the Church
Following an earlier suggestion of Massignon, Fr. Jean de Menasce pursued studies in the Syriac language. It led him into the academic world of religious studies, eventually becoming a professor. "The relationship of Christianity to Judaism and Islam, and to all the great world religions was central to his missiology." Hence his scholarly affinity to the Islamists Massignon, Abd-el Jalil, and Louis Gardet, as well as Hendrik Kraemer. In this context de Menasce approached the theme of Catholic missions after the second world war. "The relationship of Christianity to Judaism and Islam, and to all the great world religions was central to his missiology."
The priest and professor exerted an important influence within the wide horizons of French Catholic intellectual life. De Menasce was a close friend of the art critic :fr:Stanislas Fumet, of the essayist Charles Du Bos, and of the ill-fated writer Maurice Sachs, in addition to the above philosopher Jacques Maritain. Menasce also participated in the neo-Thomist revival within his Church, following Cardinal Charles Journet and Professor Maritain among others.
Jewish-Christian relations
De Menasce was continuously involved in fostering Jewish-Christian relations. He played a major role in its evolution during the painful yet persistently hopeful post-war years. During this period, de Menasce lectured on contemporary Jewish thought, e.g., that of philosopher Emmanuel Levinas.
He was one of nine Catholic participants among the seventy Jewish and Christian leaders at the Seelisberg Conference on the Shoah in 1947. This international religious gathering in Switzerland addressed the world of pain and grief left by the searing ideological conflict. Sponsored by the International Council of Christians and Jews (ICCJ), it faced antisemitism, seeking to heal wounds and to bridge divides, recent and ancient.
Zoroastrian studies
In Iranian studies de Menasce excelled. He became a recognized expert, a leader in the field. In the late 1930s he had studied with Émile Benveniste in Fribourg. During the war he prepared his translation of the Škand-Gumānīk Vičār by Mardan-Farrukk, a ninth century Zoroastrian. The book included transcriptions of the text in Pahlavi and in Pazand, a glossary, and his extensive annotations. He scrutinized the comparative theology of this polemical work, which consciously employs reason to criticize the monotheism of Jews, Christians, and Muslims. Each of its chapters is introduced, translated into French, and followed by commentary. The clarity of his language was remarkable. The book was dedicated to his teacher and friend, Professor Benveniste.
In 1947 the University of Paris invited him to give a series of seminars at the Sorbonne on the Zoroastrian texts, the Denkart. His work here was published in 1958. Menasce was a leader in investigating the epigraphy of the Sasanian Empire. With Henry Corbin and Gilbert Lazard he was a founder of the Association pour l'advancement de études iraniennes.<ref>Gignoux, Menasce" (2014): epigraphy, founder.</ref> His academic production on Zoroastrian subjects accumulated, including an article on imperial Sasanid law.
De Menasce illustrated points of convergence between Zoroastrian theological reasoning and the Muslim philosophic school of Mu'tazila, whereby the deity Allah would be understood as divorced from "all cause" [toute causalité] of evil in the world. He probed Augustine's period as a Manichean, a dualist religion derived in part from Zoroastrianism; Augustine later converted to Christianity and became a Church Father.Gignoux, "Menasce" (2014). His continued study of the Denkart eventually resulted in further seminars at the Sorbonne in 1962-1964, and the posthumous publication of his work on the Denkart's third book.Gignoux et Tafazzoli, "J. P. de Menasce 1902-1973 Biographie", pp. xi-xiv. (Sorbonne seminars, Sassanid law, Mu'tazila, Troisième Livre).
Publications and posts
The published works of de Menasce include books and articles on subjects including: theology, philosophy, law, history of religions, Zoroastrianism, and also Judaism, Zionism, and Hassidism. His reputation could rest on his translations alone, made into French from several different languages.
Starting in 1936 he had served as professor at the University of Fribourg in Switzerland.Hastings, "The Legacy of Pierre Jean de Menasce". In 1939 in Paris he became research professor for the religions of ancient Iran. In 1945 de Menasce participated in founding the journal Nouvelle Revue de Science Missionaire/Neue Zeitschrift für Missionswissenschaft. 1954-1955, he taught at Harvard, and at Princeton, where he renewed his friendship with Jacques Maritain. From 1949 until 1970 he was Director of Studies at l'École pratique des hautes études in Paris; here an academic chair had been created especially for him.
An appreciation, his passing
A Muslim colleague said of him, "[H]e made possible a degree of communication amongst us that would have been much more difficult in his absence." After suffering strokes in 1959 and 1969, Father de Menasce died at the age of 70 in 1973.Starting text of this article translated 11 July 2012 from "Jean de Menasce" at Wikipédia francophone.
Bibliography
Selected publications
Books
Quand Israël aime Dieu : Introduction au hassidisme, préface de Guy Monnot. Paris: Plon, 1931 ; Éditions du Cerf, 1992 ; Cerf, 2007.
Arabische Philosophie. Bern: Francke, 1948.
Une Encyclopédie mazdiénne, le Dēnkart, in journal of Bibliothèque de l'École Pratique des Hautes Études, Sciences Religieuses, LXIX, Paris 1958 (essay collection).
Réflexions sur Zurvan. A locust's leg, 1962.
Permanence et transformation de la mission, 1967 (his collected missiological essays, includes the rebuttal to Hendrik Kraemer).
La Porte sur le Jardin, textes recueillis et présentés par Robert Rochefort, introduction du cardinal Charles Journet. Paris: Cerf, 1975.
Articles
"Situation du sionisme", Chroniques, coll. « Roseau d'or » n° 5; Paris: Plon 1928, 53p.
"Augustin manichéen" in Rychar & Boehlich, eds., Freudesgabe fũr Ernest Robert Curtius (Bern 1956).
"Les religions de l'Iran et l'ancien Testament" (Louvain, c.1958).
"Le temps, le démon et le doute, selon le Mazdéisme" at Musée Guimet, 8 March 1959.
"Feux et fondations pieuses dans le droit sassanide", Paris: Klincksieck 1964, 62p.
"Contemplative Life and Missions," IRM 56 (1967): 330-337.
"Zoroastrian Pahlavi Writings" in Cambridge History of Iran, v. III/2 (1985), pp. 1161-1195.
Translations
From English: Bertrand Russell, Mysticisme et logique, suivi d'autres essais, traduits de l'anglais, par Jean de Menasce (Paris: Payot 1922).
From German: Max Scheler, L'homme du ressentiment (Paris 1933; Paris: Gallimard 1958).
From Hebrew (collaboration): "Daniel" (Paris: Cerf 1954); included in La Bible de Jérusalem (Paris: Cerf 1956).
From Pahlavi:
Mardan-Farrukh, Škand-Gumānīk Vičār. La solution décisive des doutes. Une apologétique Mazdéenne du IXe siècle (Fribourg en Suisse: Librairie de l'Université 1945).
Artupat i Emetan, Le Troisième Livre du Dēnkart (Paris: Klincksieck [1973] 1984), with Extraits en ligne.
Criticism, commentary
Books
Ph. Gignoux et A. Tafazzoli, editors, Mémorial Jean de Menasce, Louvain: Impremerie orientaliste, 1974 [festschrift]
Dominique Avon, Les Frères prêcheurs en Orient : Les dominicains du Caire (années 1910 - années 1960). Paris: Cerf/Histoire, 2005, with Extraits en ligne
:fr:Philippe Chenaux, Entre Maurras et Maritain : Une génération intellectuelle catholique (1920-1930). Paris: Éditions du Cerf, 1999
Frédéric Gugelot, La Conversion des intellectuels au catholicisme en France, 1885-1935, Paris: CNRS Éditions, 1998
Michael Haag, Alexandria: City of Memory. London and New Haven: Yale U P, 2004. [Includes extensive biographical material on the Menasce family including Jean de Menasce.]
Articles
R. Curiel, « En souvenir de Jean de Menasce (1902-1973) », Studia Iranica Chauvigny, 1978, vol. 7, n° 2
Ph. Gignoux et A. Tafazzoli, "J. P. de Menasce 1902-1973 Biographie" in Mémorial Jean de Menasce, Louvain, 1974, pp. vii-xv
Philippe Gignoux, "Menasce, Jean Pierre de" in Encyclopaedia Iranica (2014)
Adrian Hastings, "The Legacy of Pierre Jean de Menasce", IBMR 21 (October 1997).
G. Lazard, « Jean de Menasce (1902-1973) », Journal asiatique, 1974, vol. 262 n° 3-4
Anaël Levy, "Jean de Menasce: juif, sioniste, prétre. De la Renaissance juive au dialogue judéo-chrétien" (2010).
V. Python, "L'oeuvre du P. de Menasce OP (1902-1973) sur les missions et le mazdéisme," NZM 30 (1974): 161 - 172.
Jean-Michel Roessli (dir.), « Jean de Menasce, 1902-1973 », Fribourg (Suisse), Bibliothèque cantonale et universitaire, 1998
Marc R. Spindler, "Menasce, Pierre Jean de 1902-1973 Catholic (Dominican) Egypt" in Dictionary of African Christian Biography''.
Éditions du Cerf, "Jean de Menasce (1902-1973) 20e siècle".
GoldenMap.com, "Jean de Menasce".
Reference notes
The initial version of this article was translated in July 2012 from French Wikipedia: :fr:Jean de Menasce.
External links
Article de Charly Veuthey
Dominican scholars
Judaic scholars
French orientalists
20th-century French Catholic theologians
French Dominicans
French Iranologists
Middle Eastern studies scholars
École pratique des hautes études faculty
People from Alexandria
1902 births
1973 deaths
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Judaism
20th-century French historians
Johnson v. Arteaga-Martinez, 596 U.S. ___ (2022), was a United States Supreme Court case related to immigration detention.
Background
Aliens who have been ordered to be deported by immigration courts can be detained by the federal government, pending their removal from the country. The statute that authorizes such detention does not contain a set time limit for the detention, but in Zadvydas v. Davis (2001), the Supreme Court read in a six-month limitation to avoid what it perceived were constitutional issues. Antonio Arteaga-Martinez filed a petition for a writ of habeas corpus in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, arguing he was detained unlawfully due to the absence of a bond hearing. The district court granted his petition and ordered him released from detention, and after the federal government appealed, the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit summarily affirmed, citing to its previous opinion in Guerrero-Sanchez v. Warden. The government subsequently filed a petition for a writ of certiorari.
Supreme Court
Certiorari was granted in the case and the companion case Garland v. Gonzalez on August 23, 2021. Oral arguments were held on January 11, 2022. On June 13, 2022, the Supreme Court reversed the Third Circuit in a 8–1 vote, with Justice Sonia Sotomayor writing the majority opinion, Justice Clarence Thomas concurring, and Justice Stephen Breyer concurring in part and dissenting in part.
References
External links
2022 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
United States immigration and naturalization case law
The 5th Silver City Trophy was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 1 August 1960 at Brands Hatch Circuit. The race was run over 50 laps of the circuit, and was won by Australian driver Jack Brabham who led from start to finish in a Cooper T53.
Results
References
"The Grand Prix Who's Who", Steve Small, 1995.
"The Formula One Record Book", John Thompson, 1974.
Silver City Trophy
Silver City Trophy
Holtet Nunatak () is a nunatak rising to about , northeast of Grossenbacher Nunatak in the Lyon Nunataks of Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from aerial photographs taken by the U.S. Navy, 1965–68, and from Landsat imagery taken 1973–74. It was named in 1987 by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Jan A. Holtet of the Norwegian Institute of Cosmic Physics, an upper atmospheric physicist at Siple Station, 1970–71.
References
Nunataks of Palmer Land
Desmidophorus is a genus of weevils in the family Brachyceridae.
Species
The genus includes the following species:
Desmidophorus aeneobarbus
Desmidophorus aequalis
Desmidophorus alboniger
Desmidophorus anxius
Desmidophorus apicatus
Desmidophorus areolatus
Desmidophorus aterrimus
Desmidophorus aureolus
Desmidophorus bickhardti
Desmidophorus brachmanum
Desmidophorus breviusculus
Desmidophorus brunneopilosus
Desmidophorus caelatus
Desmidophorus centralis
Desmidophorus cineritius
Desmidophorus communicans
Desmidophorus confucii
Desmidophorus crassus
Desmidophorus cumingi
Desmidophorus descarpentriesi
Desmidophorus diffusus
Desmidophorus discriminans
Desmidophorus dohrni
Desmidophorus dorsatus
Desmidophorus duodecimfasciculatus
Desmidophorus elongatus
Desmidophorus encaustus
Desmidophorus excellens
Desmidophorus fasciatus
Desmidophorus fasciculaticollis
Desmidophorus fasciculicollis
Desmidophorus fausti
Desmidophorus floccosus
Desmidophorus fulvidus
Desmidophorus fulvopilosus
Desmidophorus funebris
Desmidophorus galericulus
Desmidophorus granulipennis
Desmidophorus griseipes
Desmidophorus grisescens
Desmidophorus hartmannianus
Desmidophorus hebes
Desmidophorus helleri
Desmidophorus hovanus
Desmidophorus hubenthali
Desmidophorus imhoffi
Desmidophorus imhoffii
Desmidophorus inexpertus
Desmidophorus infernalis
Desmidophorus kolbei
Desmidophorus lacordairei
Desmidophorus lanosus
Desmidophorus luteipes
Desmidophorus luteovestis
Desmidophorus maculatus
Desmidophorus maculicollis
Desmidophorus morphosus
Desmidophorus nobilis
Desmidophorus obliquefasciatus
Desmidophorus obtusatus
Desmidophorus omissus
Desmidophorus penicillatus
Desmidophorus pictipennis
Desmidophorus planidorsum
Desmidophorus praetor
Desmidophorus praeustus
Desmidophorus probus
Desmidophorus propinquus
Desmidophorus pustulosus
Desmidophorus rousiographus
Desmidophorus rufovellus
Desmidophorus saravacanus
Desmidophorus satanas
Desmidophorus schenklingi
Desmidophorus senex
Desmidophorus similis
Desmidophorus strenuus
Desmidophorus suavis
Desmidophorus szetschuanus
Desmidophorus transversalis
Desmidophorus ursus
Desmidophorus viduus
Desmidophorus vinosus
References
Bisby F.A., Roskov Y.R., Orrell T.M., Nicolson D., Paglinawan L.E., Bailly N., Kirk P.M., Bourgoin T., Baillargeon G., Ouvrard D. (red.) (2011). Catalogue of Life
Biolib
Weevil genera
Brachyceridae
The Mastery of John Coltrane, Vol. IV: Trane's Modes is a compilation album by American saxophonist John Coltrane, released as a double LP in 1979. It features pieces recorded in 1961, two in studio and the remainder live. All the tracks were previously unissued, at the time of release. At present, "Africa (First Version)" and "The Damned Don't Cry" may be found on the two-disc reissue of Africa/Brass, while all the live pieces have been included on The Complete 1961 Village Vanguard Recordings.
Reception
In a review for AllMusic, Scott Yanow wrote: "this two-LP set will be well worth searching for. These six performances from the Vanguard do not duplicate any other recordings. There are two more runthroughs on 'Impressions,' a 15-minute 'Chasin' Another Trane,' 'Greensleeves,' 'Miles' Mode' and a strange version of 'Naima' in which Coltrane purposely plays the melody sideways... This two-fer is rounded out by two previously unissued performances... from the Africa/Brass sessions in which Coltrane is backed by a medium-size orchestra for some stirring music."
Track listing
"Impressions" (Take 1) – 8:50
"Miles' Mode" – 10:00
"Chasin' Another Trane" – 15:34
"Greensleeves" (Take 2) – 4:50
"Impressions" (Take 2) – 10:55
"Naima" – 7:39
"Africa" (First Version) – 14:06
"The Damned Don't Cry" – 7:38
Personnel
John Coltrane – tenor and soprano saxophone
Eric Dolphy – alto saxophone, Reeds
Booker Little (7–8), Freddie Hubbard (7–8) – trumpet
Donald Corrado (7–8), Jimmy Buffington (7–8), Julius Watkins (7–8) – French horn
Charles Greenlee (7–8), Julian Priester (7–8) – euphonium
Garvin Bushell (7–8), Pat Patrick (7–8) – Reeds
McCoy Tyner – piano
Jimmy Garrison (1–2, 5), Reggie Workman (3–4, 6–8), Paul Chambers (7–8) – bass
Elvin Jones – drums
References
Impulse! Records compilation albums
John Coltrane compilation albums
1979 compilation albums
Albums produced by Bob Thiele
Compilation albums published posthumously
Echo suppression and echo cancellation are methods used in telephony to improve voice quality by preventing echo from being created or removing it after it is already present. In addition to improving subjective audio quality, echo suppression increases the capacity achieved through silence suppression by preventing echo from traveling across a telecommunications network. Echo suppressors were developed in the 1950s in response to the first use of satellites for telecommunications.
Echo suppression and cancellation methods are commonly called acoustic echo suppression (AES) and acoustic echo cancellation (AEC), and more rarely line echo cancellation (LEC). In some cases, these terms are more precise, as there are various types and causes of echo with unique characteristics, including acoustic echo (sounds from a loudspeaker being reflected and recorded by a microphone, which can vary substantially over time) and line echo (electrical impulses caused by, e.g., coupling between the sending and receiving wires, impedance mismatches, electrical reflections, etc., which varies much less than acoustic echo). In practice, however, the same techniques are used to treat all types of echo, so an acoustic echo canceller can cancel line echo as well as acoustic echo. AEC in particular is commonly used to refer to echo cancelers in general, regardless of whether they were intended for acoustic echo, line echo, or both.
Although echo suppressors and echo cancellers have similar goals—preventing a speaking individual from hearing an echo of their own voice—the methods they use are different:
Echo suppressors work by detecting a voice signal going in one direction on a circuit, and then muting or attenuating the signal in the other direction. Usually, the echo suppressor at the far end of the circuit does this muting when it detects voice coming from the near-end of the circuit. This muting prevents the speaker from hearing their own voice returning from the far end.
Echo cancellation involves first recognizing the originally transmitted signal that re-appears, with some delay, in the transmitted or received signal. Once the echo is recognized, it can be removed by subtracting it from the transmitted or received signal. This technique is generally implemented digitally using a digital signal processor or software, although it can be implemented in analog circuits as well.
ITU standards G.168 and P.340 describe requirements and tests for echo cancellers in digital and PSTN applications, respectively.
History
In telephony, echo is the reflected copy of one's voice heard some time later. If the delay is fairly significant (more than a few hundred milliseconds), it is considered annoying. If the delay is very small (10s of milliseconds or less), the phenomenon is called sidetone. If the delay is slightly longer, around 50 milliseconds, humans cannot hear the echo as a distinct sound, but instead hear a chorus effect.
In the earlier days of telecommunications, echo suppression was used to reduce the objectionable nature of echos to human users. One person speaks while the other listens, and they speak back and forth. An echo suppressor attempts to determine which is the primary direction and allows that channel to go forward. In the reverse channel, it places attenuation to block or suppress any signal on the assumption that the signal is echo. Although the suppressor effectively deals with echo, this approach leads to several problems which may be frustrating for both parties to a call.
Double-talk: It is fairly normal in conversation for both parties to speak at the same time, at least briefly. Because each echo suppressor will then detect voice energy coming from the far-end of the circuit, the effect would ordinarily be for loss to be inserted in both directions at once, effectively blocking both parties. To prevent this, echo suppressors can be set to detect voice activity from the near-end speaker and to fail to insert loss (or insert a smaller loss) when both the near-end speaker and far-end speaker are talking. This, of course, temporarily defeats the primary effect of having an echo suppressor at all.
Clipping: Since the echo suppressor is alternately inserting and removing loss, there is frequently a small delay when a new speaker begins talking that results in clipping the first syllable from that speaker's speech.
Dead-set: If the far-end party on a call is in a noisy environment, the near-end speaker will hear that background noise while the far-end speaker is talking, but the echo suppressor will suppress this background noise when the near-end speaker starts talking. The sudden absence of background noise gives the near-end user the impression that the line has gone dead.
In response to this, Bell Labs developed echo canceler theory in the early 1960s, which then resulted in laboratory echo cancelers in the late 1960s and commercial echo cancelers in the 1980s. An echo canceller works by generating an estimate of the echo from the talker's signal, and subtracts that estimate from the return path. This technique requires an adaptive filter to generate a signal accurate enough to effectively cancel the echo, where the echo can differ from the original due to various kinds of degradation along the way. Since invention at AT&T Bell Labs echo cancellation algorithms have been improved and honed. Like all echo cancelling processes, these first algorithms were designed to anticipate the signal which would inevitably re-enter the transmission path, and cancel it out.
Rapid advances in digital signal processing allowed echo cancellers to be made smaller and more cost-effective. In the 1990s, echo cancellers were implemented within voice switches for the first time (in the Northern Telecom DMS-250) rather than as standalone devices. The integration of echo cancellation directly into the switch meant that echo cancellers could be reliably turned on or off on a call-by-call basis, removing the need for separate trunk groups for voice and data calls. Today's telephony technology often employs echo cancellers in small or handheld communications devices via a software voice engine, which provides cancellation of either acoustic echo or the residual echo introduced by a far-end PSTN gateway system; such systems typically cancel echo reflections with up to 64 milliseconds delay.
Operation
The echo cancellation process works as follows:
A far-end signal is delivered to the system.
The far-end signal is reproduced.
The far-end signal is filtered and delayed resembling the near-end signal.
The filtered far-end signal is subtracted from the near-end signal.
The resultant signal represents sounds present in the room excluding any direct or reverberated sound.
The primary challenge for an echo canceller is determining the nature of the filtering to be applied to the far-end signal such that it resembles the resultant near-end signal. The filter is essentially a model of speaker, microphone and the room's acoustical attributes. Echo cancellers must be adaptive because the characteristics of the near-end's speaker and microphone are generally not known in advance. The acoustical attributes of the near-end's room are also not generally known in advance, and may change (e.g., if the microphone is moved relative to the speaker, or if individuals walk around the room causing changes in the acoustic reflections). By using the far-end signal as the stimulus, modern systems use an adaptive filter and can converge from providing no cancellation to 55 dB of cancellation in around 200 ms.
Until recently echo cancellation only needed to apply to the voice bandwidth of telephone circuits. PSTN calls transmit frequencies between 300 Hz and 3 kHz, the range required for human speech intelligibility. Videoconferencing is one area where full bandwidth audio is used. In this case, specialized products are employed to perform echo cancellation.
Because echo suppression has known limitations, in an ideal situation, echo cancellation alone will be used. However, this is insufficient in many applications, notably software phones on networks with long delay and meager throughput. Here, echo cancellation and suppression can work in conjunction to achieve acceptable performance.
Quantifying echo
Echo is measured as (ERL). This is the ratio, expressed in decibels, of the original and its echo. High values mean the echo is very weak, while low values mean the echo is very strong. Negative indicates the echo is stronger than the original signal, which if left unchecked would cause audio feedback.
The performance of an echo canceller is measured in echo return loss enhancement (ERLE), which is the amount of additional signal loss applied by the echo canceller. Most echo cancellers are able to apply 18 to 35 dB ERLE.
The total signal loss of the echo (ACOM) is the sum of the ERL and ERLE.
Current uses
Sources of echo are found in everyday surroundings such as:
Hands-free car phone systems
A standard telephone or cellphone in speakerphone mode
Dedicated standalone speakerphones
Installed conference room systems which use ceiling speakers and microphones on the table
Physical coupling where vibrations of the loudspeaker transfer to the microphone via the handset casing
In some of these cases, sound from the loudspeaker enters the microphone almost unaltered. The difficulties in canceling echo stem from the alteration of the original sound by the ambient space. These changes can include certain frequencies being absorbed by soft furnishings and reflection of different frequencies at varying strength.
Implementing AEC requires engineering expertise and a fast processor, usually in the form of a digital signal processor (DSP), this cost in processing capability may come at a premium, however, many embedded systems do have a fully functional AEC.
Smart speakers and interactive voice response systems that accept speech for input use AEC while speech prompts are played to prevent the system's own speech recognition from falsely recognizing the echoed prompts and other output.
Modems
Standard telephone lines use the same pair of wires to both send and receive audio, which results in a small amount of the outgoing signal being reflected back. This is useful for people talking on the phone, as it provides a signal to the speaker that their voice is making it through the system. However, this reflected signal causes problems for a modem, which is unable to distinguish between a signal from the remote modem and the echo of its own signal.
For this reason, earlier dial-up modems split the signal frequencies, so that the devices on either end used different tones, allowing each one to ignore any signals in the frequency range it was using for transmission. However, this diminished the amount of bandwidth available to both sides.
Echo cancellation mitigated this problem. During the call setup and negotiation period, both modems send a series of unique tones and then listen for them to return through the phone system. They measure the total delay time, then configure a delay line for that same period. Once the connection is completed, they send their signals into the phone lines as normal, but also into the delay line. When their signal is reflected back, it is mixed with the inverted signal from the delay line, which cancels out the echo. This allowed both modems to use the full spectrum available, doubling the possible speed.
Echo cancellation is also applied by many telcos to the line itself and can cause data corruption rather than improving the signal. Some telephone switches or converters (such as analog terminal adapters) disable echo suppression or echo cancellation when they detect the 2100 or 2225 Hz answer tones associated with such calls, in accordance with ITU-T recommendation G.164 or G.165.
ISDN and DSL modems operating at frequencies above the voice band over standard twisted-pair telephone wires also make use of automated echo cancellation to allow simultaneous bidirectional data communication. The computational complexity in implementing the adaptive filter is much reduced compared to voice echo cancelling because the transmit signal is a digital bit stream. Instead of a multiplication and an addition operation for every tap in the filter, only the addition is required. A RAM lookup table based echo cancelling scheme eliminates even the addition operation by simply addressing a memory with a truncated transmit bit stream to obtain the echo estimate. With advances in semiconductor technology echo cancellation is now commonly implemented with Digital Signal Processor (DSP) techniques.
Some modems use separate incoming and outgoing frequencies or allocate separate time slots for transmitting and receiving to eliminate the need for echo cancellation. Higher frequencies beyond the original design limits of telephone cables suffer significant attenuation distortion due to bridge taps and incomplete impedance matching. Deep, narrow frequency gaps which cannot be remedied by echo cancellation often result. These are detected and mapped out during connection negotiation.
See also
Audio feedback
Least mean squares filter
Mix-minus
Signal reflection
Voice engine
References
External links
Communication circuits
Telephony
Calcio Femminile Euromobil Modena, formerly known as Modena Ritt Jeans for sponsorship reasons, was a professional women's football team from Modena in Emilia-Romagna, Italy. Founded in 1975, the club were promoted to Serie A in 1985 and remained at the top level of women's football in Italy until 1990. The club won the Coppa Italia in 1986 and 1988.
The club folded in 1997, following some time at Serie C level. Meanwhile a separate club from Modena, Modena C.F., played in Serie A from 1996 to 1999, winning the league title in 1996–97 and 1997–98.
Former players
References
Football clubs in Emilia-Romagna
Women's football clubs in Italy
Association football clubs established in 1975
1975 establishments in Italy
1997 disestablishments in Italy
Euromobil
Răzvan Iulian Ochiroșii (born 13 March 1989) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Spanish club Xerez Deportivo FC. Mainly a left back, he can also play as a left winger, and is known for his pace and skills.
Club career
Ochiroșii was born in Galați. After successfully graduating from Steaua Dunării Galați's Youth Academy, he signed a professional contract with Steaua București and made his debut in Liga I in May 2005 against FCM Bacău. He scored his first goal as a senior player on 2 August 2006, netting the last from a penalty kick in a 3–0 UEFA Champions League home win against ND Gorica, becoming Steaua's youngest scorer in a European competition at only 17 years, 4 months and 20 days.
Ochiroșii was loaned to Gloria Buzău in 2007, but was sparingly used after his return. On 5 January 2010, it was announced that 50% of his federative rights were given to Oțelul Galați, with Bulgarian defender Zhivko Zhelev moving in the opposite direction.
Ochiroșii was subsequently loaned to Săgeata Năvodari, Prahova Tomșani and Spanish sides CF Fuenlabrada and CD Guijuelo, the last two in Segunda División B. With the latter he appeared in 30 matches during the 2013–14 campaign, and signed a permanent two-year deal on 11 June 2014.
On 13 June 2015 Ochiroșii signed for AD Alcorcón in Segunda División, along with Guijuelo teammate Marc Nierga. On 20 July 2017 he moved to Marbella FC in the third division, after cutting ties with the Alfareros.
Ochiroșii resumed his career in the lower leagues, representing Unionistas de Salamanca CF and Guijuelo.
Honours
Club
Steaua București
Divizia A: 2005–06
Supercupa României: 2006
Oțelul Galați
Liga I: 2010–11
Unionistas de Salamanca
Tercera División: 2017–18
Trivia
His surname translates in English as Red Eyes.
References
External links
Răzvan Ochiroșii at Unionistas de Salamanca Base de Datos
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Galați
Romanian footballers
Association football defenders
Association football wingers
Association football utility players
Liga I players
Liga II players
Liga III players
FC Gloria Buzău players
ASC Oțelul Galați players
FC Steaua București players
FC Steaua II București players
AFC Săgeata Năvodari players
Segunda División B players
CF Fuenlabrada footballers
CD Guijuelo footballers
AD Alcorcón footballers
Marbella FC players
Unionistas de Salamanca CF players
Segunda División players
Tercera División players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Cerro Ciento, at above sea level is the tenth highest peak in the Boulder Mountains of Idaho. Located in the Hemingway–Boulders Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area on the border of Blaine and Custer counties, Cerro Ciento is about north of Easley Peak. Cerro Ciento is the 80th highest peak in Idaho.
The easiest route is an off-trail class 2 scrambles from the end of the Spring Creek Road, which can be accessed from Idaho State Highway 75. The peak is easily visible from the highway and Galena Summit.
References
Mountains of Idaho
Mountains of Custer County, Idaho
Sawtooth National Forest
The San Luis Rey Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. Held during the third week of March, the Grade III event is open to horses of either gender, age four and up, willing to race one and one-half miles (12 furlongs) on the turf. The race normally begins on Santa Anita's downhill chute; from this position horses race down the hill and cross the dirt track before running one complete lap of the main turf course.
Prior to 1955, the race was restricted to California-foaled three-year-olds and in 1958 and 1959 to three-year-olds and up. It was contested on dirt at 7 furlongs in 1952, 6 furlongs in 1953, one mile in 1954, and at miles in 1962. The race was transferred to the dirt track in 1975 and in 1989 was started on the backstretch instead of its normal position on the hillside. Two divisions were run in 1966, 1967, 1968 and 1970.
In its 66th running in 2013, Bright Thought won with a final time of 2:22.72, a world record time for miles that stood for only one week; Twilight Eclipse lowered the standard at Gulfstream Park one week later.
Records
Speed record: (at current distance of miles)
2:22.72 – Bright Thought (2013)
Most wins:
2 – Cedar Key (1965, 1966)
2 – Noble Dancer (1978, 1979)
2 – John Henry (1980, 1981)
2 – Bourbon Bay (2010, 2012)
2 – Itsinthepost (2017,2018)
Most wins by a jockey:
7 – Bill Shoemaker (1956, 1957, 1961, 1966, 1967 (2), 1970)
Most wins by a trainer:
9 – Charlie Whittingham (1970, 1975, 1977, 1982, 1983, 1985, 1986, 1988, 1989)
Winners
References
External links
The 2009 San Luis Rey Handicap at the NTRA
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Open middle distance horse races
Flat horse races for four-year-olds
Turf races in the United States
Horse races established in 1952
Terry Clarke may refer to:
Terry Clarke (drummer) (born 1944), Canadian jazz drummer
Terry Clarke (Ontario politician), Canadian former mayor of Huntsville, Ontario
See also
Terri Clark (born 1968), Canadian country musician
Terry Clark (disambiguation)
Terence Clarke (disambiguation)
Bangbae-dong is a dong, or neighbourhood of the greater Gangnam area Seocho-gu district of the South Korean city of Seoul. Bangbae-dong is divided into 5 different dongs which are Bangbaebon-dong, Bangbae 1-dong, 2-dong, 3-dong and 4-dong. The origin of Bangbae-dong is derived from the name Bangbae, meaning "dong-ri with my back to Mt. Myeon-ri," which rises on the border between Gwanak-gu and Seocho-gu. Bangbae-dong was Bangbae-ri, Sangbuk-myeon, Gwacheon-gun, Gyeonggi-do until the end of the Joseon Dynasty, but became Bangbae-ri, Sindong-myeon, Siheung-gun, Gyeonggi-do in 1914 when the area was confirmed during the Japanese colonial period. It was incorporated into the Seoul Metropolitan Government following the expansion of the Seoul Metropolitan Government's zone in 1963, and became Bangbae-dong to this day. The location is Dong at the western end of Seocho-gu, and it is an area from the intersection of the road from Seoul to Gwacheon City and the southern circulation road to Umyeon Mountain.
Education
High Schools
Seoul Electronic High School
Dongdeok Women's High School
Sangmun High School
Suhmoon Girls' High School
Middle Schools
Dongdeok Women's Middle School
Suhmoon Girls' Middle School
Isu Middle School
Elementary Schools
Bangbae Elementary School
Banghyeon Elementary School
Bangil Elementary School
Isu Elementary School
Seorae Elementary School
Transportation
Bangbae Station of
Sadang Station of and of
Naebang Station of
Isu Station of and of
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
Neighbourhoods of Seocho District
Harry Struben born Hendrik Wilhelm Struben aka Henry William Struben (9 October 1840 Lower Rhine, Germany - 18 October 1915 Rosebank, Cape Town) was the brother of Frederick Struben, who together managed the first gold-mining operation on the Reef. They were the sons of Johan Marinus Struben (1806 Oosterwijk, Holland), a South African Republic official, and his wife Frances Sarah Beattie of Scottish origin. Harry was born during a yacht trip along the Lower Rhine. His family emigrated to Pietermaritzburg in Natal in 1850, and moved to Pretoria five years after.
Harry started as a transport rider, carrying goods between Natal and the Transvaal. In 1862 he bought the farm 'The Willows' on the outskirts of Pretoria. He also took to prospecting and found deposits of gold, copper and iron. In January 1868 he was married Mary L. Cole and they raised a family of eight children. In 1872 he and a certain Piet Marais bought two farms in the Lydenburg district. Harry was elected to the Volksraad in October 1876, representing the constituency of Pretoria East.
Having been hard hit financially by the First Anglo-Boer War (1880-1881) Struben embarked on mining ventures with his younger brother, Frederick. They founded the Sterkfontein Junction Mining Syndicate in 1884, exploring the farms Sterkfontein and Swartkrans. At the time their efforts focused almost entirely on quartz reefs, little realising that gold on the Witwatersrand was confined primarily to conglomerate beds. In August 1884 Fred came across a promising quartz outcrop on the farm Wilgespruit and it was named Confidence Reef. The Transvaal government assisted in financing its exploitation in 1885, but the yields proved to be disappointing. Their mining activities attracted other fortune-seekers to the area, and the extremely rich Main Reef conglomerate was found on the farm Langlaagte in 1886.
Struben was elected to the first Diggers' Committee in Johannesburg in March 1887, and later that same year became the first president of the Chamber of Mines, founded to promote the mining industry in the Transvaal. He also served as board member for a number of mining companies, and was first Director (1875-6) of the Delagoa Bay Railway. In 1889 he sold his mining rights on the farms Driefontein and Vogelstruisfontein, and retired to Rosebank, Cape Town.
Ill-health curtailed his activities, but even so he enjoyed his membership of the South African Philosophical Society during the 1890s. His one contribution to geology came as a chapter on "The mineral wealth of the Transvaal" in "Diamonds and Gold in the Transvaal" (1893) by T. Reunert. His "Recollections of adventures: Pioneering and development in South Africa, 1850-1911" (Cape Town, 1920) was revised and edited by his daughter Edith. Strubenskop in Pretoria and Strubens Valley in Johannesburg were named after the brothers.
During the two Anglo-Boer Wars Struben remained a staunch supporter of the Boer cause.
References
External links
"Recollections of adventures: Pioneering and development in South Africa, 1850-1911"
1840 births
1915 deaths
Randlords
Members of the Volksraad of the South African Republic
South African mining businesspeople
German emigrants to South Africa
Emma Coles may refer to:
Emma Coles, wife of MP, William Honychurch
Emma Coles (actress), in Two Friends (1986 film)
Shadab may refer to:
People
Shadab Zeest Hashmi (b. 1972), Pakistani poet
Shadab Kabir (b. 1977), Pakistani cricketer
Shadab Khan (b. 1998), Pakistani cricketer
Shadab Jakati (b. 1980), Indian cricketer
Places
Shadab, Fars, a village in Fars Province, Iran
Shadab, Kahnuj, a village in Kerman Province, Iran
Shadab, Razavi Khorasan, a village in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran
Pakistani masculine given names
Horst Fischer (8 June 1930 – 21 March 1986) was a German trumpeter.
Career
Fischer was born in Oberhermersdorf. In the early 1950s, he was a member of Erwin Lehn's radio dance orchestra in Stuttgart. He also appeared with Willy Berking, RIAS Orchestra in Berlin under the direction of Werner Müller and with Kurt Edelhagen in Cologne. Especially his tours with Werner Müller were very successful. From 1971 he was under contract with the Radio orchester in Zürich.
According to the American magazine Down Beat he was among the world's top trumpet players in the 1950s. He died, aged 55, in Cologne.
Album discography
Horst Fischer, Werner Müller Und Sein Orchester – Yesterday Hits For Dancing
Mitternachts Blues
Magic Trumpet
Horst Fischer And His Golden Trumpet – Orchester Hans Bertram – Horst Fischer And His Golden Trumpet (LP)
Ronny King – Horst Fischer – Ferenc Aszodi – Just Zinner – Roy Etzel – Sentimental Trumpet (2xLP)
Golden Trumpet Golden Hits
Bea Abrecht
References
1930 births
1986 deaths
Easy listening musicians
trumpet
trumpet
20th-century German musicians
20th-century trumpeters
20th-century German male musicians
Robert Farle (born 16 February 1950) is a German politician from the Alternative for Germany. He has been a Member of the German Bundestag for Mansfeld since 2021.
See also
List of members of the 20th Bundestag
References
1950 births
Living people
21st-century German politicians
Members of the Bundestag for Saxony-Anhalt
Members of the Landtag of Saxony-Anhalt
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag for the Alternative for Germany
Satya Harischandra is a 1965 Indian Kannada epic film directed by Hunsur Krishnamurthy and produced by K. V. Reddy. It stars Rajkumar in the lead role, as Harishchandra, an Indian mythological king, who was renowned for upholding truth and justice under any circumstance. The film is based on poet Raghavanka's work, Harishchandra Kavya. The supporting cast features Udaykumar, Pandari Bai, Narasimharaju, M. P. Shankar, K. S. Ashwath and Baby Padmini. This was the second Kannada movie based on king Harishchandra, the first one being the 1943 movie Satya Harishchandra.
K. V. Reddy simultaneously produced a Telugu version of the movie also titled Satya Harishchandra starring N. T. Rama Rao. At the 13th National Film Awards, the film was awarded the President's silver medal for the Best Feature Film in Kannada. The film was hugely successful at the time of its release and is seen as a milestone in Kannada cinema. Satya Harishchandra was the third Indian and the first South Indian film to be digitally coloured. The coloured version, released in April 2008, was a commercial success.
Cast
Rajkumar as Harishchandra
Pandari Bai as Chandramathi
Udaykumar as Vishvamitra
Narasimharaju as Nakshatrika
M. P. Shankar as Veerabaahu
K. S. Ashwath as Vashistha
Baby Padmini as Lohitashva
H. R. Shastry as Gowthama Muni at Indra's court
M. S. Subbanna
Kupparaju
Dwarakish
Ramadevi as Kalaha Kanti
Rathnakar
L. Vijayalakshmi
Rajasree
Meenakumari
Vanisri, dancer in the song Nanna Neenu ninna naanu
Production
The film was shot mostly shot at the AVM Studios in Madras (now Chennai). Singeetam Srinivasa Rao worked as an assistant director in this movie.
Soundtrack
Pendyala Nageswara Rao composed the soundtrack and lyrics were written by Hunsur Krishnamurthy. The soundtrack album has twenty soundtracks. The song "Kuladalli Keelyavudo" was well received and it was at curtain closing song for most of the stage shows in Karnataka. The song was remixed in 2017 film of same name starring Sharan.
Colourisation
Satya Harishchandra was the third Indian and the first South Indian black-and-white film to be digitally coloured, after Hindi language films, Mughal-e-Azam and Naya Daur. Film producer and distributor K. C. N. Gowda of M/s KCN Enterprises, teamed up with Goldstone Technologies Limited, a California based company to colour the film digitally. C. Jaganmohan, the media division business head of Goldstone Technologies said that each frame in the film was converted to colour. The conversion was from the original 35 mm film to 16 mm film with colour in CinemaScope and DTS sound system. The colourising work was carried out by a team of close to 175 personnel in Hyderabad. The work on sound effect in the dialogues, background music and the musical track in the DTS system was carried out in Chennai. The entire soundtrack of the film digitally restored by music composer, Rajesh Ramanath. The entire project costed an amount of .
Re-releases
Prior to the release of its coloured version, the film had been released many times across Karnataka state. The digitally coloured film was re-released for the first time on 24 April 2008, to coincide with the birth anniversary of Rajkumar, in 35 screens across the state. Like each of its previous releases, it completed a 100-day run.
See also
List of Hindu mythological films
References
External links
1960s Kannada-language films
Films about Raja Harishchandra
Indian multilingual films
Indian historical films
Best Kannada Feature Film National Film Award winners
Films scored by Pendyala Nageswara Rao
1960s multilingual films
Rostislav Sinicyn (, also romanized as Sinitsyn; born 18 October 1955) is an ice dancer who competed for the Soviet Union. With his wife Natalia Karamyševa (Karamysheva), Sinicyn is the 1978 and 1980 Soviet national champion. Following his retirement from competitive skating, he works as a coach and choreographer and was naturalized as a Czech citizen.
Career
Rostislav Sinitsyn and Natalia Karamysheva placed 5th at the 1979 European Championships and 7th at the 1980 World Championships. They won the silver medal at the 1981 Winter Universiade.
Following his retirement from competitive skating, Sinicyn became a coach and choreographer. His current and former students and clients include:
Ice dancing
Saskia Brall / Tim Giesen
Jana Čejková / Alexandr Sinicyn
Kamila Hájková / David Vincour
Carolina Hermann / Daniel Hermann
Barbora Heroldova / Zdenek Pazdera
Lucie Myslivečková / Matěj Novák
Karolína Procházková / Michal Češka,
Margarita Drobiazko / Povilas Vanagas
Nelli Zhiganshina / Alexander Gazsi
Single skating
Radka Bártová
Nika Ceric
Annette Dytrt
Tatiana Malinina
Sara Falotico
Ivana Hudziecová
Olga Ikonnikova
Pavel Kaška
Denise Koegl
Damjan Ostojič
Teodora Poštič
Silvio Smalun
Tomáš Verner
Kristin Wieczorek
Personal life
Sinicyn is a naturalized Czech citizen. He is married to Natalia Karamyševa. Their son, Alexandr Sinicyn (born 27 March 1996 in Prague), is a competitive ice dancer for the Czech Republic.
Sinicyn and Sinitsyn have both been used to romanize his surname. Sinicyn is the Czech-style version.
Results
(with Karamysheva)
References
Navigation
1955 births
Living people
Soviet male ice dancers
Figure skating choreographers
Russian figure skating coaches
Czech figure skating coaches
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Russian emigrants to the Czech Republic
Czech people of Russian descent
People from Nizhny Tagil
Universiade silver medalists for the Soviet Union
Competitors at the 1981 Winter Universiade
Sportspeople from Sverdlovsk Oblast
Konstantinos Versis (, 1901–1941) was a Greek Army officer and hero of World War II.
Life
Versis was born in Athens in 1901. He participated as a 2nd Lieutenant of the Greek Artillery in the Greco-Turkish War, during the last year of operations (1922). According to war reports he was distinguished on battlefield.
On 28 October 1940, when Greece entered World War II, he was positioned in Epirus, as a commander of the 1st Battery of the Vth Artillery Regiment, part of the 8th Infantry Division. During the Fascist Italian invasion at the sector of Elaia–Kalamas he participated in the defense and his battery and inflicted serious damage to the attacking enemy, who was soon repulsed from Greek soil. During the next months he participated in the counteroffensive, which resulted in the successful advance of the Greek forces deep into enemy-held territory.
After the German invasion in support of Fascist Italy, in April 1941, the front collapsed and Greek Army capitulated. As part of the capitulation terms the Greek soldiers had to surrender their guns to the Germans, at April 26. Versis, who was still positioned in Epirus, rejected such a humiliating turn of events and as a final act of heroism ordered his men to collect the guns of his battery and then to sing the National Anthem looking south, where the rest of Greece lies. After saluting his guns he ordered to set them on fire, while during the explosions he committed suicide.
Legacy
In honor of his distinguished wartime activity, the 2010 graduate class of the Evelpidon Military Academy bears his name.
References
1901 births
1941 deaths
Greek military personnel of World War II
Hellenic Army officers
Greek military personnel who committed suicide
Military personnel from Athens
"Bugiardo" (Liar) is the first single released by Fabri Fibra from his third homonym solo studio album Bugiardo.
Charts
References
2006 singles
Fabri Fibra songs
Italian songs
2006 songs
Songs written by Fabri Fibra
Kang Ji-sook (born 4 February 1979) is a Korean former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
South Korean women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of South Korea
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Charles Fagan (1 October 1881 – 8 May 1974) was an Irish politician. A farmer before entering politics, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a National Centre Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Longford–Westmeath constituency at the 1933 general election. He became a Fine Gael TD on 8 September 1933 when Cumann na nGaedheal and the National Centre Party, along with the Army Comrades Association merged to form the new party of Fine Gael. He was elected as a Fine Gael TD for the Meath–Westmeath constituency at the 1937 general election. He was re-elected at the 1938, 1943 and 1944 general elections.
He left Fine Gael in 1947. He was elected as an Independent TD for Longford–Westmeath at the 1948 and 1951 general elections. He re-joined Fine Gael in 1954 and was elected as a Fine Gael TD for Longford–Westmeath at the 1954 general election, and was re-elected at the 1957 general election. He did not contest the 1961 general election.
References
1881 births
1974 deaths
National Centre Party (Ireland) TDs
Fine Gael TDs
Independent TDs
Members of the 8th Dáil
Members of the 9th Dáil
Members of the 10th Dáil
Members of the 11th Dáil
Members of the 12th Dáil
Members of the 13th Dáil
Members of the 14th Dáil
Members of the 15th Dáil
Members of the 16th Dáil
Politicians from County Westmeath
Irish farmers
Zenobia, regina de' Palmireni (Zenobia, Queen of the Palmyrans) is an opera in three acts by Tomaso Albinoni with a libretto by Antonio Marchi. It was Albinoni's first opera, written when he was only 23, and was first performed at the 1694 carnival at the Teatro Santi Giovanni e Paolo in Venice. The work was popular and performances continued for several weeks. Albinoni was also the first composer to write an opera on the theme of Zenobia.
Action
Zenobia (soprano), queen of Palmyra, has been defeated by the Roman emperor Aureliano (alto) because of the treachery of the governor of Palmyra, Ormonte (tenor), who hopes to marry his daughter Filidea (soprano) to the emperor. Zenobia refuses to submit to him, even when he offers to marry her. Infuriated, Aureliano decides to put Zenobia and her son to death, but when he overhears Ormonte offer to kill him and Zenobia refuses, he thinks better of it. Instead, Aureliano restores Zenobia to her throne. Ormonte is exiled and unity and order restored.
The above Happy ending is contradictory to the facts of recorded history. Zenobia was taken as a captive to Rome, some sources state that she was ultimately beheaded, others that Aurelian spared her life and allowed her to live as private citizen. In either case, unlike in the opera, Zenobia's throne was irrevocably lost and her kingdom annexed to the Roman Empire.
Style
Marchi's libretto did not give his characters great emotional presence and offered little insight into their motivations. Albinoni was an experienced writer of instrumental music but a newcomer to opera; the sung music he wrote consisted mostly of standard da capo arias which overall lacked great dramatic power. The arias are generally short to keep the action moving and provide interest through contrast.
Modern revival
The opera's first modern performance was at the Damascus Opera House in 2008. It was also performed at La Fenice in Venice in 2018.
References
External links
digital copy of original libretto
Operas by Tomaso Albinoni
17th-century operas
Italian Baroque
1694 in music
Cultural depictions of Aurelian
The 2009 AFL draft consisted of four opportunities for player acquisitions during the 2009/10 Australian Football League off-season. These were the trade week (held between 5 October and 9 October), the national draft (held on 26 November), the pre-season draft (15 December) and the rookie draft (15 December).
Player movements
In the lead up to the trade week many high-profile players such as Brendan Fevola, Darren Jolly, Shaun Burgoyne, Luke Ball, Barry Hall, Andrew Lovett and Josh Gibson either requested to be traded or were suggested to be likely to be traded during the AFL's annual trading period. Of these players, only Luke Ball was unable to secure a trade by the end of the week.
Trade week was significantly more active than the previous year. Four trades involving seven players, including a three-team, four-player trade, were completed on the first day of the trade week alone, compared to only six players traded in the entire 2008 trade week. Overall, twenty-three players changed clubs (the most since the 2003 trade week), and twenty-five draft picks were traded. Of the sixteen active clubs, only the Adelaide Crows did not make a trade.
This was the first season in which teams were permitted to trade rookie-listed players, with Geelong's Shane Mumford being the first player to be traded whilst still officially on the rookie list.
Fevola trade
The most widely anticipated trade during trade week was that of Carlton full forward and incumbent Coleman medallist Brendan Fevola. Carlton announced its intentions to trade the 28-year-old Fevola after his drunken behaviour at the 2009 Brownlow Medal Count, which served as the last straw in a long rap sheet of off-field indiscretions while at the club.
The Brisbane Lions emerged as the likely destination. Brisbane initially offered 31-year-old full-forward Daniel Bradshaw and 23-year-old midfielder Michael Rischitelli in the trade. Both players were flown to Melbourne to tour Carlton's facilities, but Rischitelli was not willing to relocate. On the final day of trade week, Brisbane agreed to give Carlton 19-year-old key position prospect Lachlan Henderson and a first round draft pick, in exchange for Fevola, a second-round draft pick, and for Carlton to pay $100,000 of Fevola's salary for each of the two years remaining on his existing contract.
Although considered reasonable at the time, the trade is now widely viewed as a complete disaster for the Brisbane Lions, because all players involved in the trade negotiations had left the club within eighteen months. Shortly after trade, Bradshaw walked out on the Lions, and was recruited to the Sydney Swans in the pre-season draft – either because his feelings were hurt by being offered to trade, or because Fevola's recruitment would have limited Bradshaw's own opportunities in the Lions' forward-line. Rischitelli left the club at the end of 2010, after signing a contract with league newcomers Gold Coast; some in the media speculated that he was also disgruntled about being offered in the Fevola trade, but this has never been confirmed. Finally, prior to the 2011 season, Brisbane sacked Fevola after further off-field incidents during the 2010/11 offseason.
Trades
Source:AFL Trade Tracker
1. The numbering of the draft picks in this trades table is based on the original order prior to draft day. The final numbering of many of these draft picks was adjusted on draft day due to clubs passing in the later rounds.
2. Although lodged as a separate trade, this exchange of draft picks is effectively part of the three-team trade amongst Sydney, Brisbane and West Coast (trade No. 4).
3. Although lodged as a separate trade, this exchange of draft picks is effectively part of the four-team trade amongst Hawthorn, Essendon, Port Adelaide and Geelong (trade No. 14).
Retirements and delistings
2009 national draft
The 2009 national draft was held on 26 November, a Thursday evening, rather than the Saturday morning timeslot that has been used in the past years. For the first time, the top ten selections will be made prior to the telecast, and unveiled in a countdown manner from ten to one, rather than the usual counting up method.
Melbourne finished the 2009 AFL season in last position and as they had won fewer than 5 games during each previous two seasons, they have the first two selections in the draft. This proved controversial as it was later revealed that the club had deliberately lost matches towards the end of the season; after a thorough investigation, the club was fined $500,000 in 2013. Despite much discussion concerning tanking during the season, no other club qualified for a priority pick.
In the lead up to the draft, it was widely tipped that Tom Scully and Jack Trengove would be Melbourne's first two selections. The destination of former St Kilda captain Luke Ball was also subject to much debate, with Collingwood being the likely club after failing to secure a trade for him during the October trade week.
2010 pre-season draft
The 2010 pre-season draft was held on Tuesday 15 December. Unlike the national draft, it is an online meeting using Microsoft Office Live Meeting software.
2010 rookie draft
The 2010 rookie draft was held on Tuesday 15 December, immediately after the pre-season draft. Unlike the national draft, it is an online meeting using Microsoft Office Live Meeting software. The rookie draft rules allow each club to have up to eight rookies, and for the first time allowed clubs to retain rookies for a third year and be able to draft two mature-age rookies, without the restriction that they must not have been previously listed by an AFL club. The Gold Coast Football Club was allocated the first five selections, despite the new club only competing in the Victorian Football League for the 2010 season, before entering the AFL for the 2011 season.
Selections by league
National and pre-season draft selection totals by leagues:
References
Australian Football League draft
AFL Draft
Draft
Dan Woren is an American voice actor who is known for providing voice work for anime, television, and video games. His role was voicing Roy Fokker in the Robotech series in the 1980s. Other major voice roles include Jagi in Fist of the North Star, Byakuya Kuchiki in Bleach, Yang Newman in Macross Plus, and Caster in Fate/Zero. He has narrated over 60 audiobooks and won various awards from AudioFile magazine.
Filmography
Anime
Film
Attack of the Super Monsters - Captain Jim Starbuck, Ashtoreth (voice)
Bleach: The Diamond Dust Rebellion - Byakuya Kuchiki
Bleach: Fade to Black - Byakuya Kuchiki
Bleach: Hell Verse - Byakuya Kuchiki
Dragon Ball (edit of movies 1 and 3) - Turtle, M.C., Restaurant Owner
Magnum Farce (IMDb) - Uncle Spilky, Thug 3, Cop 3, (various others)
Space Adventure Cobra: The Movie - Cobra
Dubbing
Dynamo Duck - Morris, Bugsy, Manny Mankwrench, Smokey DuBois, Hypnocat (voice)
Power Rangers Zeo - Hydro-Contaminator, Drill Master (voices, uncredited)
Video games
Bleach: Shattered Blade - Byakuya Kuchiki
Bleach: The 3rd Phantom - Byakuya Kuchiki
Bleach: Soul Resurrección - Byakuya Kuchiki, Rudbornn Chelute
Hero Chronicles series – Narrator, Tarnum
Heroes of Might and Magic IV - Tarnum
Marvel vs. Capcom 3: Fate of Two Worlds - Arthur
Star Wars: Battlefront 2 - Uncredited roles
Live action
Audiobooks
References
"ActorsE Chat Show" with host Yi Tian on Actors Entertainment
External links
Living people
American male video game actors
American male voice actors
American male television actors
American male film actors
Robotech cast and crew
Male actors from San Diego
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
SCORE Class M-Truck is a two or four-wheel drive medium utility vehicle that competes in the SCORE off-road race series races including the Baja 1000, Baja 500, Baja Sur 500, San Felipe 250, and the SCORE Desert Challenge.
Vehicle description
Two or four-wheel drive medium utility vehicles with a minimum weight 12,000 pounds. Vehicles built from a two or four-wheel drive utility vehicle. Vehicle must be marketed utility vehicle. This class is an open-production class and all components are not restricted unless otherwise stated.
All vehicles in this class must comply with FMVSS and have an OEM VIN attached.
Engine
Manufacturer's body, engine, transmission, differentials, and chassis combinations must be retained.
Suspension
Minimum wheelbase 125 inches. Maximum track width 102 inches.
Body
Minimum weight 12,000 pounds. Must have a GVW (Gross Vehicle Weight) of 18,000 pounds minimum
References
SCORE International (2011). "2011-2015 Off-Road Racing Rules and Regulations".
SCORE International. " 2009 New Classes & Existing Class Rule Amendments"
External links
Official SCORE International website
Official SCORE International Journal
Official SCORE International Carbon TV channel
The Cerna is a right tributary of the river Crasna in Romania. It discharges into the Crasna near Supur. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Satu Mare County
Rivers of Maramureș County
Holmes Block () is a blocklike bluff, rising to at the west side of Ruecroft Glacier, west of Cooke Bluff, in Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1994 after John W. Holmes, a cartographer specialising in Antarctic mapping with the United States Geological Survey (USGS) Branch of Special Maps, 1951–77, and from 1977, assigned to the USGS Mapping Applications Center.
References
Cliffs of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Tuppy is a name. Notable people with this name include:
Surname
Hans Tuppy (born 1924), Austrian biochemist
Given name
Tuppy Diack (born 1930), New Zealand rugby union player
Tuppy Ngintja Goodwin (born 1952)
Tuppy Owen-Smith, South African cricket player
Tuppy Owens, English sex therapist
Fictional characters
Tuppy Glossop
Leslie Stewart (born 23 May 1949, Benghazi, Libya) is a British-based film and TV screenwriter, playwright and director.
Background
Born Leslie George Gannagé-Stewart, he co-wrote the song "Mistletoe and Wine", which earned Cliff Richard the 1988 Christmas number one. His television script writing work includes Monarch of the Glen, Holby City, Love Bytes, Down to Earth, Casualty, As If, Peak Practice, and the 1987 film, Two of Us, for the BBC's Scene series.
In 1976, Stewart co-wrote his first musical, Shoot Up at Elbow Creek. He also wrote The Little Match Girl, based on Hans Christian Andersen's short story, for Richmond's Orange Tree Theatre, which contained the song "Mistletoe and Wine." HTV assisted in the production of the play for television in 1986.
Having worked extensively in music, writing for, among others, the jazz-rock outfit Swegas, Consortium and Cliff Richard, and producing artists including Jeff Baker, Stewart continues to work as a lyricist, currently with the American blues musician, Johnny Mars.
Stewart is a member of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), the Writers' Guild of Great Britain, the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors and PRS for Music (formerly the Performing Rights Society).
Works
Stage work
Shoot up at Elbow Creek (Orange Tree Theatre, Richmond; Greenwich, London; etc.).
The Little Matchgirl (with Keith Strachan & Jeremy Paul; The Orange Tree, Richmond; Contact, Manchester; Reykjavík Opera House; European and Russian tours etc.), which transposed Hans Christian Andersen's classic fairytale to the world of alcohol abuse and child-prostitution. A song from the show, ‘Mistletoe and Wine' won an Ivor Novello Award, was the best-selling single of 1988 and the third best-selling single of the 1980s.
The Soldier (Ware Arts Centre/Various)
Contributed to the London Revue City Delights (with Keith Strachan; Oxford Playhouse)
Film for television
Three Minute Heroes (Play for Today BBC 1)
The Amazing Miss Stella Estelle (Play for Today BBC 1)
Space Station: Milton Keynes (Screen Two, BBC)
Wide Games (Scene, BBC 2)
Good Neighbours (Scene, BBC 2)
Janna, Where Are You? (Scene, BBC 2)
Q.P.R. Askey Is Dead (Scene, BBC 2)
That Green Stuff (Scene, BBC 2)
Two of Us (Scene, BBC 2)
The Little Match Girl (HTV/Picture Base, Emmy Nomination)
Boogie Outlaws (mini-series, BBC 2)
Love Bytes, an anthology series, Nominated for Most Outstanding Drama Series – Silver Logie Award 2005, produced by Shine and Fox TV.
Other television work
Peak Practice (Carlton TV)
Holby City (BBC TV)
Down to Earth (BBC TV)
Monarch of the Glen (BBC TV/Ecosse)
Casualty (BBC TV)
As If (Ch4/Carnival/Columbia Tri-Star)
Urpo and Turpo (Lumifilm, Helsinki).
Plays for radio
The Key to My Father's House (BBC R4, The Monday Play, starring Ken Colley, Francesca Brill, Adam Hussein)
Canada Park(BBC R4, The Monday Play, starring Harry Towb, James Coyle and Tom Rogers)
Dancing Backwards (BBC R4, The Friday Play, starring Bill Nighy, Frances Barber, Sheridan Smith)
Screenplays
The Great Wall of China (Deco Films, funded by the EEC's Media II development fund)
The Runner (20th Century Fox)
Cloudberry 9 (Film Development Corporation)
The Millennium Job (Ardent Productions/Mel Smith)
"Moomins on the Riviera" (Handle Productions/Pic Tak). A hand-drawn animation feature film based on Tove Jansson's original Moomins comic strips.
Directed
Foot in the Door (Just Films/Anglia TV)
Once Upon a Time (LSA/Eastern Arts)
How Green is My Alley? (LSA)
Filigree, a documentary (Just Films/BFI/Eastern Arts)
That Green Stuff (Scene, BBC2)
Space Station: Milton Keynes (Screen Two, BBC 2)
Lola (BBC 1)
She's Not There (BBC 1)
Terry (BBC 1)
Publications
Wide Games (Longmans)
Good Neighbours (Longmans)
References
External links
Credits at BFI
1949 births
Living people
People from Benghazi
British writers
Arajik Marutjan (born 15 August 1992) is an amateur welterweight boxer who represents Germany. In 2013, he won a bronze medal at the world championships and a silver at the European championships. He was eliminated in the first bout at the 2016 Olympics.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Armenian male boxers
Welterweight boxers
People from Armavir, Armenia
German male boxers
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
German people of Armenian descent
Olympic boxers of Germany
Boxers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Protestants in Taiwan constitute a religious minority of about 2.6% of the population of total population or 595,254 people in number (see Protestantism by country). Protestantism was introduced to Taiwan during the Dutch colonial period.
See also
Christianity in Taiwan
Presbyterian Church in Taiwan
History of the Dutch East India Company
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Braidwood on 10 August 1860 because of the resignation of Frederick Cooper.
Dates
Results
Frederick Cooper resigned.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Braidwood
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1860 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1860s in New South Wales
Amy T. Hebert (née Talbot) is a woman from Mathews, Louisiana, United States, who was convicted of murdering her two children in August 2007 in an act of revenge against her ex-husband; she also killed the family dog. Hebert was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Background
Amy Hebert, originally from Larfourche Parish, Louisiana, worked as a teacher's aide at Lockport Lower Elementary School in Lockport. In Hebert's criminal trial, experts summoned by the prosecution and the defense stated that Hebert had been severely depressed around the time she committed the crime.
Hebert's husband, Chad Hebert, sought a divorce in 2005, which was finalized in April of the following year. Chad subsequently entered into a relationship with another woman, whom he married in 2008.
At the times of their deaths, Hebert's son, Braxton John Hebert, attended Lockport Lower, while her daughter, Camille Catherine, attended Lockport Upper Elementary School. Chad and Amy Hebert held joint custody of the children. Raymond Legendre of Houma Today/The Daily Comet stated that Braxton was "mildly autistic". The family had a dog named Princess.
Crime
On August 20, 2007, Amy Hebert fatally stabbed her children and the family dog; Camille was aged 9 and Braxton was aged 7. Hebert told a psychiatrist that Camille had begged for her life. The children had defensive wounds to their hands and arms; Camille had about 30–35 stab wounds to the front of her torso while Braxton had about 50-55 stab wounds to his torso, with about 30 to the front and 20–25 to the back. All of Camille's vital organs had been hit, and both victims had been stabbed in the heart. Camille was also stabbed on her scalp about 30 times; the blade did not penetrate her skull. Amy Hebert also stabbed herself about 30 times, giving herself wounds in the abdomen, chest, neck, and wrists.
An employee of Jefferson Parish's crime laboratory, Tim Scanlan, stated that while authorities discovered Hebert and the children in bed together, Hebert stabbed herself and the children elsewhere. He did not state where Braxton was attacked; psychologist Glenn Ahava stated that Hebert said that she attacked Braxton on a couch. Scanlan believed Camille was likely attacked in Hebert's bedroom and the bathroom, and that Hebert injured herself in one or both of those locations. According to Ahava, Hebert said that Camille had been sleeping in the bed in that room and that she stabbed her in both of those rooms. Scanlan also stated that she attacked the dog in the utility room.
A co-worker who noticed Hebert did not show up to work drove by her house and, after knocking on the door and receiving no response, contacted a member of her family. Chad dialed 9-1-1, asking authorities to check on the welfare of the children. Chad's father, R.J. "Buck" Hebert, came to the house and discovered the crime scene. Deputies of the Lafourche Parish Sheriff's Office subsequently entered the house and used a taser to subdue Hebert. Sheriff Craig Webre of Lafourche Parish stated that as the children's bodies were in rigor mortis upon discovery, having been dead for more than one hour. The bodies were transported to Jefferson Parish for their autopsies.
Hebert was treated in the intensive care unit at Ochsner St. Anne General Hospital in Raceland. Mark Hebert, a doctor (no relation), stated in records at the Ochsner hospital that her self-inflicted injuries were life-threatening.
Legal proceedings and punishment
After her hospitalization, Hebert was booked at the Lafourche Parish Detention Center in Thibodaux but instead held at the Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women (LCIW) in St. Gabriel, the sole state prison for women in Louisiana, instead of the Lafourche Parish jails. This arrangement was made since the parish facilities could not accommodate a female pre-trial inmate accused of committing a felony who needed medical care. Her bond was set to $1 million.
The prosecuting attorney was the district attorney of the Lafourche Parish, Camille "Cam" Morvant II. The defense lawyers were George Parnham, Richard Goorley, and Marty Stroud; the first had defended Andrea Yates and the latter two were from Capital Assistance Project of Louisiana. This was the first capital murder case tried by Morvant.
Morvant stated that Hebert was resentful of her ex-husband, while her defense attorneys argued she was under a form of insanity. Dr. Alexandra Philips, the psychiatrist at Ochsner St. Anne, stated that Hebert, an evangelical Christian, had told her "Satan was in the room laughing at her". Both the prosecution and defense had psychiatrists who supported their respective versions of the events. The prosecutor also presented two suicide notes written by Hebert to her ex-husband and mother in law, which stated that he had committed infidelity and that he would not get the children. Sophia Ruffin of Houma Times characterized the notes as "vitriolic". According to court testimony, Hebert's mother-in-law encouraged the children to have a relationship with their stepmother, something Hebert disapproved of.
Hebert was convicted of the murders and received two life sentences, one for each child. Even though Goorley asked the judge to let her serve the sentences concurrently, on the grounds that she had no previous criminal record, District Judge Jerome Barbera instead chose to mandate that Hebert's life sentences be served consecutively on the basis that she had killed two people. Jurors voted on whether to give her the death penalty, but the 9-3 vote in favor of death was insufficient to successfully sentence her to death, as the State of Louisiana requires a unanimous decision; therefore, the default punishment of life in prison applied. The trial had a cost of about $100,000.
As a sentenced felon, Hebert is incarcerated at LCIW. In 2011 and 2015 her appeals were denied by the Louisiana Supreme Court.
Subsequently, Hebert entered an appeal in federal court. Her legal representation, based in New Orleans, was Letty S. Di Giulio, who stated that the interviews with mental health experts proved she was insane. The appeal accused the attorney of doing low quality work and the courts of improperly vetting the jury pool. In May 2018, the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals denied the appeal. The U.S. Supreme Court denied a hearing of her appeal in April 2019. Joe Soignet, an assistant attorney with LaFourche Parish's courts, stated that the action, which is an example of the length of time an appeals process is completed for a prisoner, as over a decade had elapsed after the conviction, "literally closes the book on the case."
LCIW was damaged by 2016 flooding; Hebert was held in the LCIW temporary facility in the former Jetson Center for Youth in East Baton Rouge Parish.
Aftermath
John DeSantis of Houma Times wrote, "Residents of local communities reeled from news of the case, horrified by the children's deaths." Visitations of the bodies of Braxton and Camille Hebert occurred at Falgout Funeral Home in Lockport, and the funeral for the victims was held at the St. Hilary of Poitiers Catholic Church in Mathews. Another memorial service occurred at Victory of Life Church in Lockport. The children were buried at Resurrection Memorial Park in Mathews.
The 501(C)(3) Camille and Braxton Hebert Memorial Fund Inc. was used to establish recreational areas/playgrounds at Lockport Lower and Lockport Upper. The playground at Lockport Lower has the text "Braxton's Buddies". Camille's Court, at Lockport Upper, was scheduled to be a basketball court decorated with a plaque and flowerbed. Scholarships in the names of both children for education major students were established at Nicholls State University.
See also
Cases of filicide attributed to revenge against an ex-spouse:
John Battaglia
Elaine Campione
Murder of the Kumari-Baker sisters
Charles Mihayo
Aaron Schaffhausen
Notes
References
External links
AMY HEBERT VERSUS JIM ROGERS, WARDEN, C.A. CIVIL ACTION NO.15-4950 SECTION “I” (5) - Filed 11/14/16 (federal appeal)
Videos
Living people
American murderers of children
Animal cruelty incidents
American people convicted of murder
Criminals from Louisiana
People from Lafourche Parish, Louisiana
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Crimes in Louisiana
Filicides in the United States
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Louisiana
People convicted of murder by Louisiana
American female murderers
American female criminals
2007 murders in the United States
Deaths by stabbing in the United States
Incidents of violence against girls
Incidents of violence against boys
The white-bellied thicket fantail (Rhipidura leucothorax) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. This species is one of 47 in the genus Rhipidura.
It is found in New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
Description
Medium-sized long-tailed bird (18cm, 19-19.7g). The plumage is blackish with a white belly, white spots on the chest, wings, side of the neck and a white tip of the tail. There is as well a short white stripe above the eye. The legs are dark - from dark gray to black. The tail is often upturned and fanned out. Males and females are similar. Juveniles are similar to adults, but browner in color, with spots on the breast and totally black bill.
White-bellied thicket fantail is similar to Black thicket fantail (R. maculipectus), but is differed by its white breast (which is reflected in its name). This species is also similar to Sooty thicket fantail (R. threnothorax) but that one has no white tip of the tale.
Habitats and behavior
The majority of fantails are strong fliers, and some species can undertake long migrations, but white-bellied thicket fantail as well as the other thicket fantails (sooty thicket fantail and black thicket fantail) are very weak fliers, and need to alight regularly.
The birds of this species are very secretive and it is rather difficult to notice them. Inhabits the forest thickets of plains and hills, at altitudes up to 1350 m above sea level.
They live in a variety of biotopes: in shrubs, thickets bordering watercourses, forests and light forests, near forest swamps and along the edges of mangroves and in the gardens as well.
Like other fantails, white-bellied thicket ones are entomophages. They are feeding usually within a few meters of the ground. Approximately 40% of the prey is harvested, 20% is caught on the fly.
The voice is a descending sound followed by a high ringing note «juu-wee!».
The nest is a small cup with a «tail». It is built of dried reeds or smth like that, lined with roots bound with spiders' webs. The nests are placed in the branch forks at a height of about 0.5 m. The clutch consists of 2 eggs 16-19 * 13-14.5 mm in size. The eggs are white, with blurry browny and lilac-gray spots, located mostly in the middle.
Taxonomy
According to IOC there are 2 recognised subspecies. In alphabetical order, these are:
R. l. leucothorax Salvadori, 1874 — west of SE part of New Guinea and also: Kairiru and Muschu islands at the north of New Guinea
R. l. episcopalis Ramsay, EP, 1878 — east part of SE of New Guinea
References
External Links
White-bellied thicket fantail Rhipidura leucothorax Salvadori, 1874 at «xeno-canto» website — Birds' Voices all over the world
white-bellied thicket fantail
Birds of New Guinea
white-bellied thicket fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Matthew H. Caldwell (born August 12, 1981) is an American Republican politician and a former member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 79th District, which includes northern Lee County, stretching from Lehigh Acres to North Fort Myers, from 2012 to 2018. Caldwell previously represented the 73rd District from 2010 to 2012.
Caldwell was the Republican nominee for Florida Commissioner of Agriculture in 2018, but lost the general election to Democrat Nikki Fried.
History
Caldwell is a 7th generation Florida native whose family came to Micanopy in 1826. Matt attended Florida Gulf Coast University, from which he received a degree in history in 2004. He works as a real estate appraiser and consultant with Maxwell, Hendry, Simmons in Fort Myers, having attained the highest state certification in his field and being qualified as an expert witness in multiple states and federal court. Matt was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from 2010 to 2018, serving on and chairing several committees during his tenure, including tax policy, redistricting, insurance and banking, agriculture, natural resources and public lands, transportation and infrastructure, local, federal, and military affairs, & oversight of government operations, such as pensions & elections.
Campaign history
2008
In 2008, when Democratic State Senator Dave Aronberg ran for re-election in the 27th District, which sprawled from West Palm Beach to Cape Coral and included parts of Charlotte County, Glades County, Lee County, and Palm Beach County, Caldwell ran against him. He won the uncontested Republican primary and advanced to the general election. Ultimately, Caldwell won only 39% of the vote to Aronberg's 59% and Green Party candidate Aniana Robas's 2%.
2010
When incumbent State Representative Nick Thompson opted to run for a position as a Circuit Judge on the 20th Judicial Circuit of Florida in 2010 rather than seek re-election, Caldwell ran to succeed him in the 73rd District, based in northern Lee County, including Fort Myers and stretching from Suncoast Estates to Gateway. He faced Jason Moon, John Schultz, and Deanna Casalino in the Republican primary. Caldwell was able to narrowly defeat his opponents to win his party's nomination, receiving 35% of the vote to Moon's 29%, Schultz's 27%, and Casalino's 8%, and he advanced to the general election, where he was opposed by Democratic nominee Cole Peacock and Tea Party candidate Pantoja Rodriguez in the general election. In the end, Caldwell defeated both of his opponents, winning 59% of the vote to Peacock's 38% and Rodriguez's 3%.
2012
When state legislative districts were redrawn in 2012, Caldwell was moved into the 79th District, which retained most of the territory that he had previously represented in the 73rd District. In the Republican primary, he was opposed by Jon Larsen Shudlick, whom he was able to defeat in a landslide, winning re-nomination with 86% of the vote. He was unopposed in the general election and won his second term in the legislature uncontested.
2014
Caldwell again ran for District 79 in 2014. In the Republican primary he faced opponent Matt Miller. Caldwell was able to win the race with 60.6% to his opponents 39.4%. He did not have an opponent in the general election once again.
2016
In Caldwell's last race for the Florida House in 2016, he won 51% to Democratic candidate John W. Scotts 38% and Independent Matt Millers 10.6%.
2018
After terming out of the Florida House of Representatives, Caldwell ran for Agricultural Commissioner of Florida. In the Republican primary election, Caldwell won the party's nomination receiving 34% of the vote to Denise Grimsley's 26%, Mike McCalister's 12%, and Baxter Troutman's 26%. In the general election, Caldwell faced Democrat Nikki Fried. On election night, Caldwell appeared to be leading by a margin of more than 40,000 votes, but after the votes were fully counted, the margin was close enough that a recount was performed, and after that recount, he was narrowly defeated by 6,753 votes out of more than eight million casts.
2020
In 2020 Caldwell ran for Lee County Property Appraiser after Ken Wilkinson retired from his 40 year long tenure. In the Republican Primary he was opposed by Matt Miller and was able to move onto the General with 59% of the vote. In the General Election Caldwell faced only a write-in candidate and was able to win the election with 96% of the vote. Also in 2020, Caldwell ran for State Committeeman for the Republican Party of Florida and was able to defeat the incumbent, Chris Crowley, with 54% of the vote.
References
External links
Florida House of Representatives - Matt Caldwell
|-
1981 births
21st-century American politicians
American members of the Churches of Christ
Florida Gulf Coast University alumni
Florida Republicans
Living people
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
People from Gainesville, Florida
People from North Fort Myers, Florida
John M. Kennedy Jr., is a politician from Suffolk County, New York. In 2014, he was elected to Suffolk County Comptroller on the Republican ticket, garnering 53% of the vote.
He served as County Legislator for the 12th Legislative District of Suffolk County, New York, for 10 years. In 2011, he was chosen from among the Republican Caucus in Suffolk to serve as Minority Leader for the Suffolk County Legislature, serving until his term ended in December 2014.
Education and background
John M. Kennedy Jr. was born and raised in Suffolk County, and is a long-term resident of Nesconset, New York. Kennedy received his B.A. in Psychology with a concentration in Biology from SUNY Stony Brook in 1979. He also attended Adelphi University where he received his MBA and additionally has a Juris Doctor from St. John's University School of Law. He is married with four adult children.
Electoral history
In November 2004 Kennedy was first elected as County Legislator, receiving 60% of the vote running on the Republican Party, Independence Party, Conservative and Working Families tickets. In 2011, Kennedy received 73.66% of the vote against his Democratic opponent, Martin Aponte, who received 26.31%.
In November, 2014 Kennedy beat Democrat James Gaughran in the election for Suffolk County Comptroller, despite being outspent $800,000 to $100,000.
See also
List of St. John's University alumni
Suffolk County Legislature
References
Living people
County legislators in New York (state)
New York (state) Republicans
Politicians from Suffolk County, New York
People from Nesconset, New York
Stony Brook University alumni
Adelphi University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Teddy is a Snapdragon Productions musical with music by Dougal Irvine and book by Tristan Bernays, set in the Elephant and Castle in London in 1956.
Synopsis
The story follows two teenagers, Teddy and Josie, on a Saturday night in Elephant and Castle. They are both rebellious followers of the post-war Teddy Boy sub-culture. Teddy and Josie get to know each other sharing their love for Rock and Roll.
Music
Original songs written for the show and a handful of original 1950s songs are performed by the onboard band Johnny Valentine and the Broken Hearts.
Productions
Watermill Theatre and UK Tour, 2018
Southwark Playhouse, 2015
Awards
In 2016, Teddy won Best New Musical and Best Lighting Designer at the Off West End Awards.
References
External links
2015 musicals
British musicals
Bimbo is the second album released by a Polish rock band Virgin. The album has earned golden record award in Poland.
Track listing
"Szafa - 3:55 (Closet)
"Chłopczyku Mój" - 4:06 (My boy)
"Dżaga" - 4:05 (Hot girl)
"Nie Zawiedź Mnie" - 3:12 (Don't disappoint me)
"Nie Oceniać Jej" - 4:36 (Don't judge her)
"Et Anima" - 4:34
"Ulica" - 3:56 (Street)
"Piekarnia" - 3:15 (Bakery)
"Okno Boże" - 3:05 (God's Window)
"Teraz To Wiem" - 3:25 (Now I know it)
"Bar" - 3:31 (Pub)
"Kolejny Raz" - 3:25 (Another time )
"Mój "M"" - 2:59 (My M)
2004 albums
Virgin (band) albums
Alfred William Fincher (born August 15, 1983) is a former American football linebacker. He was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft. He played college football at Connecticut.
Fincher has also been a member of the Detroit Lions, Washington Redskins, and New York Sentinels.
Fincher works as a fisherman in the Bahamas with ex-Connecticut teammate and NFL prospect Deon McPhee.
Professional career
New Orleans Saints
In 2006, Fincher played in six games for the New Orleans Saints and recorded nine tackles.
Fincher played in seven games for the New Orleans Saints in 2007, recording three tackles. He was placed on injured reserve on November 4, 2007 due to a concussion, ending his season. He was waived from injured reserve on November 29. He has inspired his cousin Travis Fincher while playing for the 'SR Colts', during the 2007-08 season.
Detroit Lions
On March 27, 2008, Fincher was signed by the Detroit Lions. However, he was released on July 27 after linebacker Teddy Lehman was re-signed.
Washington Redskins
On July 31, 2008, Fincher was signed by the Washington Redskins. He re-signed with the Redskins on March 10, 2009. He was waived on August 30.
External links
United Football League bio
1983 births
Living people
People from Norwood, Massachusetts
Players of American football from Massachusetts
American football linebackers
UConn Huskies football players
New Orleans Saints players
Detroit Lions players
Washington Redskins players
New York Sentinels players
Fariborz Besarati (born 23 August 1966) is a Swedish former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Sweden
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Swedish male sport wrestlers
The Ishaqzai (; Ey-sock-zah-ye) is an Afghan tribe of Abdālī clan (later Durrani) of the Pashtun people. They are known to populate the South-west of Afghanistan, particularly the provinces of Farah, Nimruz, Helmand, Kandahar and Herat. One of the main leaders has been Sher Ahmad Haqyar, who lives in Kandahar. He was member of parliament Afghanistan during the reign of Mohammed Zahir Shah, who was deposed in 1973.
See also
Alizai (Pashtun tribe)
References
Durrani Pashtun tribes
Ethnic groups in Helmand Province
Ethnic groups in Kandahar Province
Ethnic groups in Herat Provence
Ethnic groups in Farah Provence
Ethnic groups in Ghor Province
Ethnic groups in Nimruz Province
St. Andrew Bobola Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Dudley, Massachusetts, United States. Founded in 1963, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Official Church Website
St. Andrew Bobola Parish - ParishesOnline.com
St. Andrew Bobola Parish - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Worcester
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Religion in Worcester County, Massachusetts
1963 establishments in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Worcester
International Journal of Toxicology (IJT) is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of toxicology. The journal's editor is Mary Beth Genter, PhD (University of Cincinnati). It has been in publication since 1982 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with American College of Toxicology.
Scope
International Journal of Toxicology publishes papers on current topics of interest to toxicologists. The journal covers areas such as safety assessments, novel approaches to toxicology testing and mechanisms of toxicology. International Journal of Toxicology also publishes features articles based on symposia.
Abstracting and indexing
International Journal of Toxicology is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2016 impact factor is 1.205, ranking it 86 out of 92 journals in the category ‘Toxicology' and 213 out of 256 journals in the category ‘Pharmacology & Pharmacy'.
References
External links
ACTOX Official website
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Toxicology journals
Publications established in 1982
Bimonthly journals
The Buru jungle flycatcher (Eumyias additus), also known as the streak-breasted jungle-flycatcher or streaky-breasted jungle-flycatcher, is a species of bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. It is endemic to the island of Buru in Indonesia where it originally inhabited tropical forests at elevations between 500 and 1,500 metres.
This species was previously assigned to the genus Rhinomyias but was moved to Eumyias after a 2010 molecular phylogenetic study found that Rhinomyias was polyphyletic.
Conservation
Because of the very limited habitat, logging of the forests and expanding human activities on the island, the species was listed as vulnerable in 1994 by the IUCN. This classification was softened to near threatened in 2000 and 2004. The reasons for this change were the observed adjustment to the human environment, as the birds were found in the areas cleared of the forest, as well as the relatively stable condition of the mountainous forests on Buru.
References
Buru Jungle flycatcher
Birds of Buru
Buru jungle flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ahmed Ibrahim Ahmed Al-Nour (born 12 February 2000) is a Sudanese professional footballer who plays as a defender for Al-Hilal Omdurman and the Sudan national football team.
References
Living people
2000 births
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
Association football defenders
Al-Hilal Club (Omdurman) players
El Hilal SC El Obeid players
Sphenopsis is a genus of warbler-like birds in the tanager family Thraupidae. They are found in highland forest of South America.
Taxonomy and species list
The four species now placed in this genus were formerly assigned to the genus Hemispingus. A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found that Hemispingus was polyphyletic and as part of the subsequent rearrangement, the genus Sphenopsis was resurrected for these four species. The genus had been introduced in 1862 by the English zoologist Philip Sclater with the type species as Sphenopsis ignobilis, a taxon that is now treated as a subspecies of the oleaginous hemispingus. The name Sphenopsis combines the Ancient Greek sphēn meaning "wedge" with opsis meaning "appearance".
The four species in the genus are:
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Tiruththanka, or Tooppul (also called Deepaprakasa Perumal Temple), located in Kanchipuram in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu, is a temple dedicated to the Hindu god Vishnu. Constructed in the Dravidian style of architecture, the temple is glorified in the Divya Prabandha, the early medieval Tamil canon of the Azhwar saints from the 6th–9th centuries CE. It is one of the 108 Divyadesam dedicated to Vishnu, who is worshipped as Deepa Prakasar and his consort Lakshmi as Maragathavailli.
The temple is believed to have been expanded during the Medieval Cholas and Vijayanagar kings. The temple has inscriptions on its walls dating from the period of Rajaraja Chola III (1223 CE). A granite wall surrounds the temple, enclosing all the shrines and two bodies of water. There is a two-tiered rajagopuram, the temple's gateway tower, in the temple.
Deepaprakasar is believed to have appeared to Brahma. Six daily rituals and three yearly festivals are held at the temple, of which the Brahmotsavam festival, celebrated during the Tamil month of Puratassi (September - October), being the most prominent. The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Endowment Board of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Legend
As per Hindu legend, once there was an argument between Saraswathi, the consort of Brahma and Lakshmi on superiority. They went to Indra, the king of celestial deities. Indra judged Lakshmi as superior and not satisfied with his argument, Saraswathi went to her husband, Brahma. He also chose Lakshmi to be the superior one. Saraswathi was unhappy with the decision and decided to stay away from Brahma. Brahma did a severe penance praying to Vishnu and did an Aswametha Yagna. Saraswathi was still angry that the yagna, which usually is done along with consorts was done without her by Brahma with Savitri devi. She tried to disrupt the penance by sending darkness, but Vishnu interfered like a light from the lamp hence he is also called as Vilakoli Perumal. Another version of the legend states that Saraswathi sent raakshakas to spoil the penance, which was spoiled by the stream of light from Vishnu. Since Vishnu appeared as light to overcome the darkness of the situation, he was termed Deepaprakasa Perumal.
Vedanta Desika (1268 - 1369 CE) was an ardent devotee of Deepa Prakasa Temple at Thoppul. The devotion of Desika is mentioned in Saranagathi Deepika in 59 verses. He was born in this kshetra. Vedanta Desika also has a shrine inside the temple. And a statue of Hayagreeva worshipped by him also has a temple nearby to him.
Architecture
The temple is located in Vishnu Kanchi along with most other Vishnu temples in Kanchipuram. The temple has a three-tiered rajagopuram, the gateway tower. The temple has a rectangular plan surrounded by brick walls and has two precincts. The central shrine of the temple has the image of the presiding deity, Deepaprakasa Perumal in sitting posture. There are shrines for Lakshmi Hayagriva, Andal, Vedanta Desika and Alwars. It is the birthplace of Vedanta Desika. There is a separate shrine for Lord Hayagreeva along with Vedanta Desika. The temple tank, Saraswathi Theertham, is located outside the premises. A shrine is dedicated to Vedanta Desika facing South is seen in the temple. The icon of Desika is believed to be installed by his son Nayinar Varadhachariar. The image is seen sporting Abhaya Mudra (palm displayed in attitude of protection). The temple practises Vaikhasana Agama.
Religious importance
The temple is revered in Nalayira Divya Prabandham, the 7th–9th century Vaishnava canon, by Thirumangai Azhwar in one hymn. The temple is classified as a Divyadesam, one of the 108 Vishnu temples that are mentioned in the book. The temple is one of the 14 Divyadesams in Kanchipuram. The temple is believed to be the place where Brahma performed penance seeking the wishes of Vishnu and one of the few places where Brahma worshiped Vishnu. The temple is counted one among the four temples in Kanchipuram that include Yathothkari Perumal Temple, Ashtabhujagara Perumal temple and Varadaraja Perumal Temple where the legend of Brahma performing penance is associated. The temple is also revered in the verses of Vedanta Desika.
Festivals and religious practices
The temple follows the traditions of the Vadakalai sect of Vaishnavite tradition and follows vaikanasa aagama. The temple priests perform the pooja (rituals) during festivals and on a daily basis. As at other Vishnu temples of Tamil Nadu, the priests belong to the Vaishnavaite community, a Brahmin sub-caste. The temple rituals are performed six times a day: Ushathkalam at 7 a.m., Kalasanthi at 8:00 a.m., Uchikalam at 12:00 p.m., Sayarakshai at 6:00 p.m., Irandamkalam at 7:00 p.m. and Ardha Jamam at 10:00 p.m. Each ritual has three steps: alangaram (decoration), neivethanam (food offering) and deepa aradanai (waving of lamps) for both Deepaprakasar and Maragathavalli. During the last step of worship, nagaswaram (pipe instrument) and tavil (percussion instrument) are played, religious instructions in the Vedas (sacred text) are recited by priests, and worshippers prostrate themselves in front of the temple mast. There are weekly, monthly and fortnightly rituals performed in the temple.
The Brahmostavam festival during the Tamil month of Puratasi (September - October) is the major festival celebrated in Vedanta Desika shrine. During the festival, the festival image of Desikar is carried to the Varadaraja Perumal Temple. Special worship practises and rituals are followed during the occasion. During the Brahmostavam in Varadaraja Perumal Temple during the Tamil month of Vaikasi(May - June), the festival image of Varadaraja Perumal is brought to the shrine of Vedanta Desika on three different days.
Notes
References
External links
Divya Desams
Hindu temples in Kanchipuram
The women's long jump event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 22 and 23 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 July
Qualifications
22 Jul
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 25 athletes from 19 countries participated in the event.
References
Long jump
Long jump at the World Athletics U20 Championships
John Marsh (June 5, 1799 – September 24, 1856), later known in Spanish as Don Juan Marsh, was a physician, ranchero, and linguist in California when it was still part of the Republic of Mexico. Born in Massachusetts, Marsh immigrated to California in 1836, where he became a Mexican citizen. He was baptized as Roman Catholic in order to buy land, and acquired the vast land grant of Rancho Los Méganos in Contra Costa. He became one of the wealthiest ranchers in California, and was among the highly influential men who worked to gain United States statehood after Mexico ceded this area following its defeat in the Mexican-American War.
Marsh knew Hebrew, Latin and Greek, and, while working as a US Indian agent at Fort Snelling, was the first person to compile a dictionary of the Siouan language. He is the namesake of Marsh Creek and Marsh Creek State Park in Contra Costa County. The John Marsh Historic Trust was organized to protect his legacy.
Early life
Born in Danvers, Massachusetts in 1799, Marsh graduated from the private Phillips Academy in Andover in 1819. He attended Harvard College from 1819 to 1823 and received a bachelor's degree. Colbruno writes that Marsh was dismissed from Harvard for participating in a student uprising. He was readmitted in 1821, after promising not to engage in any further disturbances. He originally planned to study for the ministry, but changed his major to medicine after his readmission. He studied medicine with a Boston doctor.
Marsh migrated west, living in the Michigan Territory, where he opened a school, the first in what is now Minnesota. Marsh was appointed by the federal government as a United States Indian agent for the Sioux Agency at Fort Snelling, At Fort Snelling, Marsh took a Lakota/French mistress named Marguerite Decouteaux; they had a son Charles together. Territorial Governor Lewis Cass appointed Marsh as Justice of the Peace in Crawford County (which included what is now southern Wisconsin, northern Illinois, and portions of Iowa and Minnesota), whereupon he became known as "Judge Marsh."
While at Fort Snelling, Marsh resumed his study of medicine, with the post doctor, Dr. Purcell. Because Purcell died before Marsh completed his studies, he never received a certificate. Marsh lived for a time in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin, where he got involved in the Black Hawk War between the United States and a group of Sauk, Meskwaki (Fox), and Kickapoo, known as the "British Band". As the Sioux supported the US against their old rivals, Marsh was blamed for a Sioux massacre of Fox and Sauk warriors.
As a result, he fled the area, taking Decouteaux and their son with him and settling in New Salem, Illinois. Leaving the pair there, he returned to Prairie du Chien. Decouteaux was pregnant again and pining for Marsh,; she tried to walk the several hundred miles to rejoin him. The journey exhausted her, and she and their second child died in childbirth. Marsh placed his young son, Charles, to be raised with a family named Painter in New Salem.
He again became involved in Indian affairs. He was discovered selling guns illegally to some of the Indians and had to flee the territory, this time settling in Independence, Missouri, where he became a merchant. Marsh visited his son again before his business failed, and in 1836 he emigrated, as an employee of the American Fur Company, to Santa Fe, New Mexico. He proceeded to Southern California via the Santa Fe Trail. Both areas were part of the Republic of Mexico, which had gained independence from Spain in 1821.
Life in California
In southern California, Marsh claimed he was the only person who had any knowledge of Western (or European-style) medicine. He presented his Harvard degree to the local Mexican government of Alta California. The degree was written in Latin, which none of the local authorities could read. They took his word and granted him permission to practice medicine. Marsh was quite successful in his new profession, but his prices were very high. He sometimes charged as much as a head of cattle to deliver a baby. He is credited as being the first person to practice medicine in California.
He was often paid in the currency of the day: cowhides and tallow. Marsh joked that his adobe looked more like a warehouse than the offices of a physician. In 1836, he sold his accumulated inventory to a Boston trader for $500 and rode to Northern California seeking a ranch to purchase. Since Mexico allowed only Catholics to own land in California, he became baptized as a Roman Catholic.
In 1837, Marsh purchased the 17,000-acre Rancho Los Méganos, a land grant, from prominent Californio ranchero José Noriega on what is now called Marsh Creek. This was east of what is now Clayton, California and on the western edge of the present-day city of Brentwood. (His acquisition of the rancho indicates that Marsh had become a naturalized Mexican citizen). The price he paid for the rancho was $500 (all of his savings). He became the first known non-Hispanic white settler in what is now Contra Costa County.
Marsh prospered there, both as a rancher and as a doctor. He continued to invest by purchasing more land near his original rancho. Before his death, he claimed that his rancho contained about 40,000 acres of land. In practicing medicine, he again charged very high prices, generally in relation to how far he had to travel to see the patient (which often meant being away from his ranch for days or weeks). There is some evidence that during this period, he cared for some of the survivors of the Donner Party.
Marsh acquired tens of thousands of head of cattle for his rancho and lived the life of a wealthy ranchero. He was known to pay very low wages to his workers, and many were said to hate him. In 1841, when the first American emigrant party, the Bartleson-Bidwell Party, reached California from Missouri, Marsh invited them to be his guests. The California Trail thus terminated in Brentwood.
After entertaining members of the Bartleson-Bidwell Party, Marsh was said to invite them to slaughter one of his steers for breakfast the next morning. The next day, however, he found that the party had also slaughtered his best work oxen, which comprised a highly valuable commodity and were critical to ranch operations. Although it was likely a mistake, Marsh was angry and bitter toward the party. Later there were further disagreements between them. John Bidwell reportedly said that "John Marsh is the meanest man I ever met." Among the Bartleson-Bidwell Party was Nancy Kelsey, known as the first woman to cross the Sierras to reach California. She later became known as the "Betsy Ross of California" after she created the state's first flag.
As early as 1837, Marsh worried about being able to retain ownership of the great rancho. Americans and some other foreigners considered the Mexican courts in California to be corrupt and unpredictable in their rulings on such cases. In addition, there was evidence of competition by the Russians, French and English, who were independently preparing to seize the province. Marsh was determined to have the territory become part of the United States to protect his holdings. He felt the best method to achieve that was to encourage emigration by Americans to California, and in this way repeat the history of Texas as a takeover by more numerous Americans.
Marsh conducted a letter-writing campaign espousing the California climate, soil and other reasons to settle there, as well as the best route to follow, which became known as "Marsh's route." His letters were read, reread, passed around, and printed in newspapers throughout the country, and stimulated the first significant migration to California. Marsh invited immigrants to stay on his ranch until they could get settled, and assisted in their obtaining passports.
After ushering in the period of organized emigration to California, Marsh helped take California from the last Mexican governor, thereby paving the way to California's ultimate acquisition by the United States.
Marsh worked behind the scenes to promote American statehood, at the urging of U.S. consul Thomas O. Larkin. In March 1845 he wrote a letter signed by himself and 23 other expatriates, announcing a clandestine meeting for the Fourth of July. This letter has been designated by modern historians as the "Call To Foreigners". While Marsh did not take credit as the author, historians agree that it is his work. The meeting's purpose was to, "promote the union and harmony and best interests of all the foreigners resident in California..." Marsh also participated in the Battle of Providencia (also known as the Second Battle of Cahuenga Pass), and managed to persuade Americans on both sides that it was foolish to fight one another. The unpopular Governor Manuel Micheltorena, the last Mexican governor of California, surrendered and was deported to Mexico. Mexico appointed Pio Pico, a Californian, as governor.
During this period Marsh began a search to reunite with his son, Charles, but was unable to find him. In 1851, the Reverend William W. Smith introduced Marsh to Abigail "Abby" Smith Tuck, a schoolteacher from New England, who served as principal at a girls school in San Jose. After a brief two-week courtship, they married on June 24, 1851. Soon after the wedding, the couple moved into the old adobe. On 12 March 1852, she gave birth to a daughter they named Alice Frances.
John Marsh House
Marsh soon began construction of a mansion built entirely of stone quarried from the nearby hills. Abby chose to site the house next to Marsh Creek, with a fine view of the surrounding valley and Mount Diablo. The present city of Brentwood, California developed north of here. Designed by San Francisco architect Thomas Boyd, the Gothic-Revival style home incorporated a tower and exterior porch supported by octagonal pillars. The entire cost of the home did not exceed $20,000. Abby died in 1855, before the Stone House was completed. Marsh moved into the new house about three weeks before he was murdered.
His son and daughter inherited the ranch and stone house, in which they continued to live. They apparently let the property fall into disrepair and decay, and eventually became renters. They were visited in May 1862 by William Henry Brewer and the California Geological Survey.
The mansion still stands as part of the Marsh Creek State Park, formerly known as Cowell Ranch/John Marsh Property State Historic Park. The state has supported applying for status for the property as a National Historic Monument. The park includes of natural habitat. The mansion is on the list of National Register of Historic Places.
The Cowell Foundation (founded by industrialist S. H. Cowell) donated the house and surrounding property to the county in 1960, with the condition that the house would be restored. it is now part of Marsh Creek State Park, which is not open to the public. The house has been not been restored, and awaits funding for this project.
Death
Marsh was active in California politics. On September 24, 1856, he began a journey from his land in eastern Contra Costa County to San Francisco for a personal or political appointment. On the road between Pacheco and Martinez, he was ambushed and murdered by three of his vaquero employees over a dispute about their wages. Initially the three men escaped. Two of the killers were found ten years later and brought to trial. One man turned state's evidence and was released without trial. The other was convicted and sentenced to life in prison, though he was pardoned 25 years later. The third man was never caught. A California Historical Landmark (#722) plaque marks the site of the murder.
Both Abigail and John Marsh are buried in Mountain View Cemetery, in Oakland, California.
Legacy
According to local tradition, shortly before Marsh's death, a young man arrived at his house, saying he was seeking shelter from a harsh storm. It was his son Charles, who had journeyed to California in search of his father. They enjoyed a happy, although short-lived reunion. Charles tracked down one of his father's murderers, Felipe Moreno, and brought him to justice.
The orphaned daughter Alice Marsh was entrusted to the care of Mrs. Thompson at Marsh's Landing, not far from present-day Antioch, California. As a young woman, Alice Marsh moved to Oakland, where she married William Walker Camron, one of the builders of the Mt. Diablo toll road. They lived in the Camron-Stanford House, which still stands. They had two daughters, Amy and Gracie; the latter died in infancy.
Camron lost Alice's fortune in some bad real estate transactions. The couple divorced in 1896. Alice never remarried. She and Amy (who remained unmarried) operated a San Francisco boardinghouse, and later moved to Santa Barbara. After their deaths, both women were buried in Mountain View Cemetery in Oakland, as their parents had been.
Marsh Creek, a stream in Contra Costa County, is named for John Marsh.
An elementary school in Antioch, California bears Marsh's name.
A non-profit known as the John Marsh Historic Trust was organized to preserve structures and areas associated with his history in the state.
The California State Route 4 around the cities of Oakley and Brentwood has been named John Marsh Heritage Highway in honor of Dr. Marsh. This portion of SR4 runs from the intersection with SR160 in eastern Antioch to the Marsh Creek/Vasco Road intersection in Brentwood.
See also
Marsh Creek, California
Marsh Creek State Park (California)
Notes
References
Further reading
Hanel, Dan. In the Shadow of Diablo: Mystery of the Great Stone House, Createspace, 2012.
External links
John Marsh Historic Trust
Cowell Ranch/John Marsh Property State Historic Park
San Francisco Chronicle article on John Marsh
Guide to the Marsh Family Papers at The Bancroft Library
John Marsh at utah.gov
John Marsh House
Mero, William. "Love, Life and Death on the California Frontier: A Woman's Life in Old Contra Costa.
California pioneers
Ranchers from California
Physicians from California
1799 births
1856 deaths
American emigrants to Mexico
American people of the Bear Flag Revolt
Naturalized citizens of Mexican California
United States Indian agents
American murder victims
American people of English descent
People murdered in California
Phillips Academy alumni
Harvard University alumni
People from Contra Costa County, California
People from Brentwood, California
People from Danvers, Massachusetts
Physicians from Massachusetts
Converts to Roman Catholicism
1830s in Alta California
1840s in Alta California
1850s in California
History of Contra Costa County, California
People from Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin
go90 was an American Internet television service and mobile app owned and operated by Verizon Communications. The service was positioned as a mobile-oriented "social entertainment platform" targeted primarily towards millennials, featuring a mixture of new and acquired content from various providers. The service was available exclusively within the United States.
The service was plagued by an unsuccessful launch, credited to poor content discoverability and a lack of firm content strategy, resulting in managerial turnover (including a relaunch of the service by the staff of Verizon acquisition and former competitor, Vessel). Including acquisitions that became the basis of the service (such as Intel's OnCue project, and later Vessel), it was estimated that Verizon had spent $1.2 billion on the service.
On July 31, 2018, after attempts to promote go90's content via Verizon's AOL and Yahoo! properties (including blogging platform Tumblr), the service was shut down.
History
In January 2014, Verizon acquired the talent and assets of OnCue—a then-planned subscription streaming service in development by Intel—for around $200 million. In September 2015, Verizon unveiled a streaming service based on the assets, known as go90. It was described as being a mobile-first "social entertainment platform" targeting millennial demographics, featuring video content from various partners, as well as features such as the ability to join "crews" related to shows, and to create clips from its shows and share them on social networks. The name "go90" referred to the practice of rotating a smartphone to landscape orientation to watch videos, a 90-degree rotation. Verizon planned to leverage ad technology and content assets it acquired in its purchase of AOL, and to release 50-55 new, short episode series.
Brian Angiolet, Verizon's senior vice president of consumer products, served as initial head of the service. Chip Canter, formerly of NBCUniversal, was brought on as general manager in March 2016, and hired Ivana Kirkbride, formerly of YouTube, as chief content officer. Under Canter, the service's content strategy shifted to one focusing on a wider variety of content in genres that had been performing well, such as gaming, music, sci-fi, sports (including live events), and dramas targeting young women. The service also planned to take a more granular approach to content acquisition, and lessen its aggressive focus on primarily targeting mobile platforms.
Under Angiolet's direction as Global Content Chief, Verizon made multiple investments and acquisitions in an effort to bolster go90. In April 2016, Verizon acquired a 24.5% stake in AwesomenessTV, a digital media studio and YouTube MCN targeting youth and teenagers, for around $159 million (valuing AwesomenessTV at $650 million). DreamWorks Animation and Hearst Corporation also owned stakes in the company. Verizon invested $180 million over multiple years for AwesomenessTV to produce content for go90. A joint venture with Hearst, Verizon Hearst Media Partners, also acquired Complex Media in a deal reportedly valuing the company at $250 to $300 million.
Failed launch, Vessel acquisition
Despite high expectations from Verizon, go90's first year of operations is unsuccessful; partners reported that their content was drawing a minuscule audience (with most content only receiving view counts within the thousands, although some, such as The Runner, were able to reach at least a million), and that even under Canter's leadership, the service lacked clear content and distribution strategies. Digiday reported via go90 employees that Verizon's executives "were so consumed early on with the idea of providing a large quantity of high-quality content, that they never showed any focus. There was no indication that Verizon actually knew the audience that they were trying to reach." Insiders also noted that not enough internal metadata was provided to categorize go90's videos, which hampered search and discoverability. Verizon hired contractors to manually compose this information in a process only intended to take three months, however, the process took nearly a year to complete. In May 2016, Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam admitted that go90 may have been "a little bit overhyped," backpedaling on previous pronouncements and the implications of major business and media investments.
On October 26, 2016, Verizon acquired Vessel, a streaming video startup led by former Hulu executives, Jason Kilar and Richard Tom. The purchase was a talent acquisition, resulting in Vessel being shut down at the end of the month, and its staff re-assigned to work on go90. Kilar departed from the company. On January 23, 2017, it was reported that Verizon had laid off 155 go90 employees from its San Jose office, which had been displaced by the acquired Vessel staff. Tom was appointed as chief technology officer of Verizon Digital Entertainment. During Verizon's fourth quarter earnings report the next day, it was revealed that average daily usage of the go90 app was "consistent sequentially at about 30 minutes per viewer." In early February, a Verizon spokesperson told FierceVideo that the service had seen organic growth over the past two months.
In late-March 2017, go90 released a significant redesign of its mobile app, which was designed to help improve discovery and content recommendations, and prioritize live content (such as sports) within the interface. The redesign also incorporated the "motion poster" concept for advertisement displays that originated from Vessel. Chip Canter was replaced as general manager in April 2017 by Tom. The following month, it was reported that go90's app had 2.1 million average monthly users.
Original content
go90 featured original series, such as Mr. Student Body President, My Dead Ex, The Runner (which was produced by Ben Affleck and Matt Damon), T@gged, Tween Fest, Street Fighter: Resurrection and Transformers: Prime Wars Trilogy. Its original series were acquired from studios such as CollegeHumor, Funny or Die, Nerdist Industries, Machinima, MTV, and Rooster Teeth Productions, among others., as well as producers like Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, LeBron James, and Rob Gronkowski (who hosted and executive produced a Shark Tank-like series entitled MVP for two seasons).
In 2017, go90 began a three-year deal with the National Women's Soccer League to stream all games not aired on television.
Reception
From the onset, Mari Silbey of Light Reading felt that much of go90's library consisted of content that could already be found elsewhere, and contested whether Verizon's planned original content for the service would be compelling enough. In addition, Silbey argued that go90's announced social networking features were not inherently innovative for a video service, and that it was "hard to turn social media features into a driving force for popularity." Advertisers had been critical of the service, citing slower user adoption than expected. Warren Zenna of Havas Media felt that the app's user experience was inferior to that of YouTube.
Concerns were also displayed over Verizon's announced intent to not have go90 content count towards its subscribers' data caps, noting the company's stance against net neutrality.
The NWSL's streams on go90 faced sustained criticism from sportswriters: The Equalizer felt that the app was buggy and did not have the same wide device support as YouTube, while it was also argued that the relative obscurity of go90, and the inconsistent quality of the game streams, could harm the league's growth. After repeated technical issues, the league would live-stream several weeks of matches domestically on the NWSL website.
Demise
By 2017, as the service faltered, insiders suggested that Verizon had been aggressively overpaying on content deals in order to expedite them (describing the company as having made deals "guns blazing"), on the assumed basis that making large content investments would ensure growth.
Verizon subsequently acquired Yahoo!, and merged it with AOL into the subsidiary Oath. Its lead executive Tim Armstrong stated in February 2018 that go90 had been placed within the Oath division, but would likely be wound-down in the future. Armstrong admitted that go90 was a "super ambitious project", but that it was difficult to build its brand, and that its content deals could be better-leveraged by Oath's individual properties instead. In March 2018, Oath-owned blog platform Tumblr began to syndicate some of go90's original content internationally—which Digiday considered as being a pilot project for this strategy.
After more aggressive promotion of its content across AOL and Yahoo properties, go90 had managed to increase its average monthly user count to 17 million. On June 29, 2018, Oath officially announced that go90 would be shuttered on July 31, 2018. The company stated that it would be evaluating the futures of go90's original series, and that it would "focus on building its digital-first brands at scale in sports, finance, news and entertainment for today's mobile consumers and tomorrow's 5G applications."
Estimates vary on the losses attributed to the failed service. Digiday cited two sources close to go90 who estimated total spending of $1.2 billion, including the Vessel and OnCue acquisitions. In Verizon's filing for the third quarter of 2018, it cited $913 million in charges related to "product realignment" attributable to shutting down go90. In September 2018, Verizon laid off 50 employees in the Content Operations group managed by Brian Angiolet and eliminated the group. Ivana Kirkbride and Richard Tom were among the departing employees.
At least two of the initiatives launched by Verizon Hearst Media Partners–Seriously.TV and Rated Red–were shuttered in 2017 and 2018 respectively. In 2018, AwesomenessTV was sold to Viacom for $50 million—a fraction of Verizon's $650 million valuation. Digiday reported that the company had depended strongly on content investments by Verizon for around 40% of its revenue, and that there had been animosity within the venture due to its majority partner DreamWorks Animation being acquired by a subsidiary of Comcast—a direct competitor to Verizon. Comcast also did not believe that AwesomenessTV aligned well with its other digital media investments, such as BuzzFeed and Vox Media. In June 2021 as part of its upcoming IPO, BuzzFeed announced that it would acquire Complex Media from Verizon Hearst Media Partners.
See also
Quibi
References
Discontinued Yahoo! services
Internet properties established in 2015
Internet properties disestablished in 2018
Defunct video on demand services
Streaming television
2015 establishments in New York City
2018 disestablishments in New York (state)
Former video hosting services
George Anderson Gordon (September 26, 1830 – October 5, 1872) was an American politician.
Gordon was born in Savannah, Ga., Sept. 26th, 1830. He entered the Sophomore Class at Yale College in Sept., 1846, and after graduation in 1849 remained for a year, engaged in the study of law, in the Law Department. In Nov., 1850, he began the practice of his profession in Newark, N. J., but in the following summer returned to Savannah, where he continued in practice till the close of the year 1860. During this period he was, successively, U. S. District Attorney and Member of the Georgia House of Representatives. In 1860-61 he was a member of the Georgia State Senate, and then entered the Confederate military service, as captain in the 1st Regiment of Georgia Volunteers. He subsequently became major and colonel.
After the close of the war, he removed to Huntsville, where he engaged in the practice of the law until his last illness. He died in Huntsville, age 42.
He married Carolina B. Steenbergen, of Virginia, June 5, 1850. She died July 16, 1851, leaving one son He was again married, Jan. 12th, 1854, to Ellen C. Bevine, of Huntsville, Ala., who died Aug. 15th, 1867, leaving six children, one of whom, Percy Gordon, was the father of diplomat George A. Gordon.
References
External links
1830 births
1872 deaths
Yale Law School alumni
New Jersey lawyers
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
Politicians from Savannah, Georgia
Confederate States Army officers
19th-century American politicians
Yale College alumni
19th-century American lawyers
Alexander Freitas (born January 23, 1990) is a Canadian professional wrestler best known for his time in Impact Wrestling where he is a former Impact Gut Check Winner under the ring name Alex Silva.
Professional wrestling career
Training and independent circuit (2004–2009)
After being trained by his father, Freitas debuted in 2004 for Paul LeDuc's FLQ promotion. Initially, Freitas adopted the ring name Sean Simmons, but soon began wrestling under the name Alex Silva. He spent the next few years wrestling mainly in Quebec, but also ventured (at 16 years old) into the United States to wrestle in Hawaii, Atlanta, Wisconsin, and Chicago.
On March 15, 2009, Silva won the CRW Quebec Championship by defeating Twister. He lost the championship to Jeremy Prophet on July 26, 2009.
Ring of Honor (2010–2011)
Throughout 2010 and 2011, Silva made appearances for Ring of Honor's Ring of Honor Wrestling television show, in losses to Michael Elgin, Roderick Strong, Tommaso Ciampa, and Mike Mondo.
Ohio Valley Wrestling (2010–2013)
Silva made his Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) debut on November 17, 2010. On December 11, Silva won the OVW Television Championship by defeating Mohamad Ali Vaez. His victory made him the youngest Television Champion in the promotion's history. He held the championship for 46 days before losing it back to Vaez on January 26, 2011. A week later, Silva left to return to Montreal.
Silva returned to the promotion in July 2011. On November 9, Silva defeated Rocco Bellagio to win the OVW Television Championship for the second time. He held the championship for only seven days, before dropping it to Adam Revolver on November 16. He returned to Montreal once again in early 2012, before returning to OVW on March 10, 2012. On September 12, Silva defeated Ryan Howe to win the OVW Television Championship for the third time. He lost his title against Cliff Compton on October 10.
After losing the Television Title, he began teaming with newcomer Sam Shaw. They began to feud with various tag teams in the coming weeks. On December 1, Silva and Shaw defeated Jessie Godderz and Rudy Switchblade for the OVW Southern Tag Team Championship. They lost the title to Crimson and Jason Wayne on January 16, 2013. But defeated them on February 27, 2013 to regain the titles and have a second reign. However, they lost the titles to The Coalition on April 3, 2013 and it was revealed afterward on his Twitter account that Silva had suffered a Grade 3 Concussion. On June 5, 2013 Alex Silva was released from OVW due to release from TNA.
WWE (2011)
On August 1, 2011, Silva was defeated by Brodus Clay in a dark match prior to World Wrestling Entertainment's Raw television show. The following night, he used the name Pat Silva in a second loss to Clay, which was taped for that week's episode of WWE Superstars.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (2011–2013)
On November 15, 2011, Silva wrestled a dark match for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), losing to the TNA X Division Champion Austin Aries.
On the April 26, 2012, episode of Impact Wrestling, Silva made his televised TNA debut in a losing effort to Robbie E as part of the TNA Gut Check. On the following week's episode, Al Snow, Bruce Prichard and Ric Flair voted to give Silva a TNA contract after he cut a promo and he became part of the official roster. As a winner of TNA Gut Check, Silva was signed to a developmental contract with the promotion and assigned back to OVW. Silva returned to Impact Wrestling on November 22, losing to fellow Gut Check winner Sam Shaw.
On January 12, 2013, Silva took part in the taping of X-Travaganza, competing in a seven-man Xscape match (aired on April 5, 2013), which was won by Christian York. On January 12, 2013, Silva took part in the taping of Joker's Wild (airing on May 3, 2013), teaming with Hernandez in a loss to the Aces & Eights team of Devon & DOC.
On June 5, 2013, Silva's profile was removed from TNA roster page.
Return to the independent circuit (2013–present)
In December 2013, Silva made his debut for TOW Wrestling, an independent promotion based in Montreal, Quebec. He wrestled twice, defeating Volkano and "Surfer" Mitch Thompson. Since May 2014, Silva has made regular appearances for International Wrestling Syndicate. On July 29, 2014, Silva made his debut for Top of the World Wrestling where he defeated Buxx Belmar, followed by an appearance on August 2 at TOW Cage Fest 2 where he was defeated by Alextreme in a cage match. On November 27, 2014, Silva made his debut for Capital City Championship Combat where he was defeated by Sebastian Suave at their C4 Something Wicked This Way Comes event.
Championships and accomplishments
Combat Revolution Wrestling
CRW Quebec Championship (1 time)
Montreal Wrestling Federation
MWF Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Mike Bailey
Ohio Valley Wrestling
OVW Southern Tag Team Championship (2 times) – with Sam Shaw
OVW Television Championship (3 times)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 215 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2013
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling
TNA Gut Check winner
References
External links
1990 births
Canadian people of Portuguese descent
Canadian male professional wrestlers
Living people
Sportspeople from Montreal
TNA Gut Check contestants
Professional wrestlers from Montreal
HMS Columbine was a brig-sloop launched in 1806. She served on the North America station, in the Mediterranean, off the Portuguese coast, and in the West Indies during the Napoleonic Wars. In 1823 she served briefly off Greece before wrecking off the Peloponnese in 1824.
Career
Commander James Bradshaw commissioned Columbine in August 1806. He then sailed for Halifax on 6 April 1807. In early July Columbine brought to Halifax dispatches concerning the Chesapeake–Leopard affair, which had transpired on 22 June.
Lieutenant George Hills received promotion to commander and command of Columbine on 20 April 1808, replacing Bradshaw.
A mutiny occurred on board Columbine, on 1 August 1809, off St Andrews, New Brunswick. Twenty-two seamen deserted and twenty-three were court martialed. Two of the crew gave evidence against the rest. A court martial found the boatswain, three seamen, and two marines guilty. They were executed on 18 September and afterwards were hung in chains on Meagher's (or Mauger's) Beach, Halifax. The carpenter's mate and six other seamen were condemned to transportation to New South Wales. Hill sailed Columbine back to Britain where she was paid off in March 1810.
In July Commander James Collins recommissioned Columbine. He then sailed her for the Mediterranean on 18 September. On 21 October 1810 he received promotion to post captain. His replacement, on 11 November, was Commander William Shepheard.
On 4 June 1811, near Saint Lucar, Columbines boats captured a French naval settee, armed with two howitzers and six swivel guns, carrying a crew of 42 men. The settee was Guadalquiver.
Lieutenant George Westphall took temporary command of Columbine in June 1811 after Admiral Sir Richard Keats appointed Shepheard captain pro temp of the 74-gun . Columbine was still under Westphal's command on 30 September, when her boats were again active, capturing two French privateers sheltering under the guns of shore batteries at Chipiona, which is about south west of Saint Lucar and about north west of Rota. After about three months Shepheard returned to Columbine.
Admiral Legge, the commander of the British fleet at Cadiz, in mid-October ordered , Tuscan, and Columbine to transport troops to Tarifa. The troops were reinforcements for General Francisco Ballesteros, whose Spanish force was under pressure from the French forces at San Roque. The British squadron transported eight companies each of the 47th and 87th regiments of foot, a detachment of 70 men from the 95th Regiment, and four light artillery pieces. The troops landed on 18 October and the next day the French advanced along the coast. Fire from Tuscan, Statelys boats, and Gunboat 14 sent them into retreat.
In November 1811, Commander Richard H. Muddle replaced Shepheard. Under Muddle, Columbine spent 1812 and 1813 on the Portuguese coast.
On 11 August 1812, Columbine detained the American ship Louisa, which was condemned as a "droit of the Crown".
On 14 April 1813, Columbine recaptured Active, and shared the capture with .
In 1814 Columbine, was on the West Indies station. At some point she and the frigate captured the slaver Atrivedo, Catellanos, master. Atrivedo had sailed from Barbados to Guadeloupe. The seizure resulted in the rescue of 90 male slaves, 71 women, and 111 children.
On 16 March Columbine was in the Demerara River when Muddle awarded W. Hill, master of the ship Liverpool, a letter of approbation and a pendant to fly from her mast. Liverpool had repulsed an attack by the notorious, and usually more successful, American privateer in a five-hour action. The pendant was a signal to all British warships to respect Liverpools crew, i.e., not to press them.
On 8 March 1813 Columbine was in sight and approaching when captured the American privateer Avon.
Post-war and loss
Between November 1818 and January 1820, Columbine underwent repairs at Plymouth. Then between April and September 1823 she underwent fitting there for sea duty. Commander the Honourable Charles Abbot commissioned her in September, and later sailed her for the Mediterranean, where she operated off the west coast of Greece.
Columbine destroyed a pirate vessel, after removing her 25-man crew, on 26 November 1823. At some point Columbine captured another pirate vessel that was sold at Carigo. In November 1827 bounty money for the captured men and prize money for the vessel was due for payment.
On 25 January 1824 Columbine wrecked on Sapientza Island, which is off the southern coast of the Peloponnese, near the city of Methóni. She had sailed from Corfu on 15 January and had arrived at the island on 19 January. Abbott initially went on shore to conduct a survey of the harbour and anchored her off Port Longue. On the night of the 24th, the weather worsened and her single anchor did not hold her securely, with the result that she drove onto a reef and foundered. All her crew survived, having clambered onto the rocks. The subsequent court martial reprimanded Abbott and the master, James Atkinson, for having used only one anchor and for not having prepared for the eventuality of bad weather.
Another account reports that two crew members were lost. The Turkish garrison at Modon, though itself ill-provisioned, sent supplies that permitted the crew to subsist until could retrieve them.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
External links
Brigs of the Royal Navy
Cruizer-class brig-sloops
1806 ships
War of 1812 ships of the United Kingdom
Maritime incidents in January 1824
Royal Navy mutinies
Columbine
The Mbeubeuss Landfill, also Mbeubeuss Rubbish Dump, is a solid waste disposal site in Senegal. It is the main solid waste disposal site for the capital city of Dakar, with a projected population of approximately 4 million people, as of 2022, serving the homes, businesses and industries of that metropolis. The landfill hosts an estimated 4,000 scavengers looking for anything recyclable, primarily plastic. The landfill has been in existence since 1968, however the Senegalese authorities propose to shut it down and set up smaller recycling centers instead.
Location
The landfill is located in the neighborhood called Mbeubeuss, in Malika District, in the Pikine Department of the city of Dakar, the national capital and largest city in that country. This is approximately northeast of Dakar's central business district. The geographical coordinates of Mbeubeuss Landfill are 14°48'09.0"N, 17°18'48.0"W (Latitude:14.802500; Longitude:-17.313333).
Overview
Mbeubeuss Landfill was established in 1968. As of 2011 the site received an estimated 1,000 to 2,000 tonnes of solid waste from the city of Dakar on a daily basis.
As of January 2022, an estimated 4,000 people lived and worked in the landfill, scavenging for recyclables including metal, cardboard, electronics, plastic and such. Some sell food and drink to those in the landfill, regardless of the stench.
In 1990, three of the long-time dwellers/workers in the landfill formed and association,"Association Bokk Diom des Récupérateurs et Recycleurs de Mbeubeuss" (Bokk Diom), to advocate for their rights and improve the public perception of their "trade".
Future plans
In 2020, the government of Senegal indicated that it planned to set aside €259 million to rehabilitate the landfill that occupies . Bokk Diom, the local association of trash pickers and recyclers are opposed to closing the landfill or relocation of the dumpsite. Discussions about rehabilitating the landfill and improving the lives of the people who live and work there have gone on for several decades.
See also
Dandora Waste to Energy Power Station
Kakamega Waste To Energy Plant
Pomona Waste To Energy Power Station
References
External links
“You only see trash. We see a treasure trove”, why waste management in Senegal is a critical step toward sustainability As of 9 March 2020.
Landfills
Dakar
Marina Kopcalic (born 23 February 1971) is an Australian handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Australian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Belgrade
Jacurso (Calabrian: ; ) is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
The village is renowned for its production of homemade ice cream.
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
Sphaerolobium drummondii is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is an erect, leafless shrub with red and yellow or orange flowers from July to November.
It was first formally described in 1853 by Nikolai Turczaninow in the Bulletin de la Société Impériale des Naturalistes de Moscou. The specific epithet (drummondii) honours James Drummond.
Sphaerolobium drummondii grows on sandplains, in swampy areas and on granite slopes in the Avon Wheatbelt, Esperance Plains, Geraldton Sandplains, Jarrah Forest, Mallee, Swan Coastal Plain and Warren bioregions of south-western Western Australia and is listed as "not threatened" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions.
References
drummondii
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1853
Taxa named by Nikolai Turczaninow
The Best of Christmas is a Christmas-themed compilation album released by the group Celtic Woman, and their seventh under that category overall.
Performers on The Best of Christmas are vocalists Chloë Agnew, Mairéad Carlin, Órla Fallon, Lisa Kelly, Lisa Lambe, Susan McFadden, Éabha McMahon, Méav Ní Mhaolchatha, and violinists Máiréad Nesbitt and Tara McNeill.
Track listing
Notes
Tracks 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 11, 12, 14, 17, and 18 were originally released on the album A Christmas Celebration.
Track 16 was released on the album Lullaby as an edited version of the original track from the original Celtic Woman album.
Tracks 4, 8, 9, 15, 19, and 20 were originally released on the album Home for Christmas.
Tracks 3, 10, and 13 were originally released on the album Voices of Angels; however, they were not available on the digital release of said album.
Tracks 1-2, 4-9, 11-12, and 14-20 were produced by David Downes.
Tracks 3, 10, and 13 were produced by Gavin Murphy.
Charts
References
2017 compilation albums
Celtic Woman albums
Manhattan Records albums
The 2022 Special Honours in New Zealand was a special honours list, dated 9 June 2002 and published in New Zealand on 14 June 2022. The actor, Sam Neill, was redesignated from Distinguished Companion to Knight Companion of New Zealand Order of Merit. He had previously declined redesignation when titular honours were reintroduced by the New Zealand government in 2009.
New Zealand Order of Merit
Knight Companion (KNZM)
Redesignation
Nigel John Dermot (Sam) Neill – of Queenstown. Appointed a Distinguished Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit on 30 December 2006.
References
Special honours
Special honours
Wḫdw is a term for a particular kind of agent of decay and disease in ancient Egyptian medicine.
According to Steuer, the Egyptians conceived of it as originating with the fecal matter within the bowels. From here, wḫdw was seen as being absorbed into the blood vessels (mtw) from the lower intestines (pḥwj, literally ‘rear'), from where it spread to other body parts, causing abscesses and other symptoms of disease in the bodies of the living; it was particularly associated with pus in the blood. Meanwhile, in the bodies of the dead, wḫdw instead manifested as decomposition.
The similarity of this conception of disease and decay to the Ancient Greek concept of perittōma has suggested that this element of Ancient Greek medicine may be traceable to Egypt.
In searching for a convenient and concise translation of wḫdw into English, Steuer and Bertrand de Cusance Morant Saunders examine several possibilities: residues, a translation used by Jones for perittōma, fails to suggest the pathogenic nature of wḫdw; miasma, suggested by Jonckheere, misleadingly suggests transmission by air and an external origin; putrefaction or corruption, their own suggestion, is not entirely satisfactory to them, as wḫdw encompasses a conception greater than just the biological process of decay.
The term wḫdw is attested in the Ebers Papyrus, Hearst papyrus, and Papyrus Berlin 3038, among other sources.
References
Egyptian words and phrases
Ancient Egyptian medicine
Still Star-Crossed is an American period drama television series developed by Heather Mitchell and based on the 2013 novel of the same name by Melinda Taub. The series is produced by Shonda Rhimes's Shondaland and ABC Studios, and aired on ABC during the 2016–17 television season. The series premiered on May 29, 2017. ABC canceled the show after one season in June 2017.
Plot
Following the deaths of Romeo and Juliet, Rosaline Capulet is betrothed against her will to Benvolio Montague. As the two try to prevent the marriage and the destruction of their warring families, a secret society known as "The Fiend" attempts to depose the beleaguered Prince Escalus by inciting war between the two families.
Cast and characters
Main
Grant Bowler as Lord Damiano Montague, patriarch of the nouveau riche House Montague and Romeo's father who seeks to increase his family's prestige by any means necessary, including undermining House Capulet.
Wade Briggs as Benvolio Montague, Romeo's wastrel cousin and Lord Montague's nephew who becomes House Montague's heir following Romeo's death.
Torrance Coombs as Count Paris, the heir to Mantua and the leader of "The Fiends". After being wounded by Romeo and taken in by Lady Capulet, he plans to annex Verona to Mantua by taking a Capulet bride.
Dan Hildebrand as Friar Lawrence, a Franciscan friar who married Romeo and Juliet on orders from Lord Montague
Lashana Lynch as Rosaline Capulet, Juliet's cousin and Lord Capulet's niece who becomes House Capulet's heiress following Juliet's death.
Ebonée Noel as Livia Capulet, Rosaline's sister and Lord Capulet's niece who seeks to marry into a wealthy family, unaware that her aunt plans on using her to legitimize Paris' rule over Verona.
Medalion Rahimi as Princess Isabella, Escalus' sister and confidant and the Princess of Verona whose primary concern is solving Verona's domestic problems.
Zuleikha Robinson as Lady Giuliana Capulet, Silvestro's wife and Juliet's mother who aligns House Capulet to the Fiends in exchange for their help in orchestrating House Montague's destruction.
Sterling Sulieman as Prince Escalus, the Prince of Verona who struggles to maintain control over his beleaguered city and project an image of strength and unity to the world.
Susan Wooldridge as The Nurse, Juliet's former nurse and a loyal servant to House Capulet.
Anthony Stewart Head as Lord Silvestro Capulet, patriarch of the aristocratic but impoverished House Capulet and Juliet's father who desires Lord Montague's wedding dowry in order to keep his family from going into bankruptcy
Supporting
Lucien Laviscount as Romeo Montague, Lord Montague's only son. He secretly married Juliet, but committed suicide after Juliet faked her death. His body is desecrated by the Fiend in an attempt to incite the Montague to war, which Prince Escalus covers up.
Clara Rugaard as Juliet Capulet, Lord and Lady Capulet's only daughter. She marries Romeo in secret and eventually commits suicide when Romeo kills himself. Her ghost continues to haunt her parents.
Gregg Chillin as Mercutio, Romeo and Benvolio's friend and a kinsman of the Prince, slain by Tybalt.
Shazad Latif as Tybalt Capulet, who killed Mercutio and was slain by Romeo, who was in turn sentenced to death, which caused Juliet to fake her own death.
Llew Davies as Truccio, a peasant ostensibly in service to House Montague, who turns out to be an agent of the conspiracy.
Episodes
Production
Development
On October 22, 2015, it was announced that Grey's Anatomy and Scandal writer Heather Mitchell was developing a new drama for ABC billed as a sequel to William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. Still Star-Crossed is based on the book by Melinda Taub. Shonda Rhimes and Betsy Beers executive produce the series with Shondaland, ABC Studios and Michael R. Goldstein's The MrG Production Company. On January 21, 2016, ABC ordered the pilot for the 2016–17 television season.
Michael Offer, who directed the pilot episode for Shondaland's How to Get Away with Murder, has been tapped to direct Still Star-Crossed. The pilot was filmed in Salamanca, located in the province of Castile and León, north-western Spain, from April 18, 2016 to May 2, 2016, and Plasencia and Cáceres, located in the autonomous community of Extremadura, western Spain. On May 12, 2016, ABC ordered the pilot to series.
Casting
Casting advertisement began in March 2016. On March 2, 2016, it was announced that Zuleikha Robinson, Lashana Lynch, Torrance Coombs, Wade Briggs and Ebonée Noel were cast in series regular roles. British actress Lashana Lynch was cast as the series' lead character, Rosaline Capulet, Juliet's cousin. Robinson plays Lady Capulet, Briggs plays Rosaline' male lead, newcomer Noel plays her sister, and Coombs plays antagonist. On March 15, 2016, it was announced that Medalion Rahimi, who debuted on ShondaLand's The Catch, was cast as Princess Isabella. On March 18, 2016, Sterling Sulieman joined the pilot as Prince Escalus. On March 22, 2016, Dan Hildebrand was signed to play Friar Lawrence. On April 7, 2016, it was announced that Grant Bowler will play Lord Montague, and a day later Anthony Head was cast as Lord Capulet. Danish actress Clara Rugaard and British actor Lucien Laviscount were cast in guest-starring roles as Romeo and Juliet.
Reception
The series received mixed reviews. On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes the series has an approval rating of 45% based on 20 reviews, with an average rating of 5.22/10. Its critical consensus states: "Still Star-Crossed stumbles out of the gate, dishonoring its Shakespearean roots with lavishly staged but ultimately empty melodrama." On Metacritic, the series has a score of 45 out of 100, based on 13 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2010s American drama television series
2017 American television series debuts
2017 American television series endings
American Broadcasting Company original programming
2010s American romance television series
English-language television shows
Television series set in the 16th century
Television series by ABC Studios
Television shows set in Italy
Television shows filmed in Spain
Works based on Romeo and Juliet
Television series by Shondaland
The Deutscher Fecht-Verband (DFV) was the organ of the larger Deutscher Turn- und Sportbund responsible for governing the sport of archery in East Germany. One of the smaller sports associations in the nation, in 1988 the organization had 6,584 registered athletes and 673 trainers. After German reunification in late 1990 the DFV was absorbed by the German Fencing Federation (DFB).
Though its membership was comparatively small, the DFV produced several prominent athletes, including Olympians Udo Wagner, Mandy Niklaus, and Klaus Haertter.
Presidents of the DFV
See also
Deutscher Turn- und Sportbund
Sports associations (East Germany)
References
Sports governing bodies in East Germany
Sports organizations established in 1958
Organizations disestablished in 1990
1958 establishments in East Germany
1990 disestablishments in Germany
Oithonidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Cyclopoida.
Genera:
Dioithona Kiefer, 1935
Oithona Baird, 1843
Pontoeciella
References
Copepods
Hector Munro, 13th Baron of Foulis was a Scottish clan chief of the highland Clan Munro in Rosshire. He is by tradition 13th Baron of Foulis and 16th overall chief of the clan. However, he is only the 6th chief of the Clan Munro who can be proved by contemporary evidence.
Lands and charters
Hector was the eldest son of William Munro, 12th Baron of Foulis who died in 1505. Hector was so young when he succeeded to his estates that management of the estates was attended to by his relatives. In 1514/15 after attaining his majority Hector Munro was appointed Lieutenant along with John Mackenzie, 9th of Kintail, chief of Clan Mackenzie for the protection of Wester Ross. They were to protect the lands from the incursion of Sir Donald MacDonald of Lochalsh, chief of the Clan MacDonald of Lochalsh, who at that time proclaimed himself Lord of the Isles.
There is a charter under the Great Seal, dated 10 December 1516 to Hector Munro of Foulis, granting him the salmon fishing in the Kyle of Oykel, between the counties of Ross and Sutherland upon the resignation of the same subjects in his favour by Sir Donald MacDonald of Lochalsh. Hector Munro also acquired by charter dated at Glengarry 2 October 1524, from Margaret MacDonald of the Isles, sister of Sir Donald MacDonald of Lochalsh with the consent of her husband Alexander MacDonald, 6th of Glengarry, chief of the Clan MacDonell of Glengarry part of the lands of Lochalsh, Lochcarron, Lochbroom, and Feorin-Coscarrie, in Breachatt and superior of the lands of Creichmore and fishings of the Killis Ockell. She further sold and confirmed to her cousin, Hector Munro of Foulis the half of the lands of Inveran, Linisetroy, Linisetmore, Altasbeg, Altasmore and Auchness for a certain sum of money delivered to her for her need and urgent necessity. These grants were further confirmed to Hector Munro at Court by king James V of Scotland by charter dated at Stirling on 20 April 1541.
A charter found at Cawdor Castle between the Knight of Calder and others dated at Inverness on 30 April 1527 includes Hector Munro of Foulis as one of the subscribers. There is also a bond of Manrent between Hector Munro and Hugh Fraser, 5th Lord Lovat dated 19 March 1529.
Different sources give different dates of death for Hector Munro. The Martine MS written by George Martine in the late 17th century gives the date as 1549. However, contemporary records, the Munro Writs of Foulis give the date as 8 March 1541. Hector died at Culrain in the parish of Kincardine and his remains were interred in the ancestral burying ground in the Chanonry of Ross.
Family and descendants
Hector Munro, 13th Baron married firstly Catherine, daughter of Kenneth Mackenzie, 7th of Kintail, chief of the Clan Mackenzie. They had two sons:
Robert Munro, 14th Baron of Foulis (heir and successor).
Hugh Munro of Contullich, appears to have died unmarried.
Hector Munro married secondly Catherine, daughter of John Macleod of Lewis, chief of the Clan MacLeod of Lewis but without issue. However, Hector Munro, 13th Baron of Foulis is known to have had three illegitimate sons from whom several large Munro families are descended and had land granted to them in Rosshire.
Hugh Munro, 1st of Little Findon.
Robert Munro, 1st of Killichoan.
John Roy Munro, the "red", 1st of Wester Fyrish.
References
Hector, Munro
People from Ross and Cromarty
1541 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Beacon Reservoir is the name of three artificial waterbodies in the United States:
Beacon Reservoir (North Carolina)
Beacon Reservoir (Dutchess County, New York)
Beacon Reservoir (Putnam County, New York)
The Canadian Mixed Curling Championship is the national curling championship for mixed curling in Canada. The winners of the tournament will represent Canada at the World Mixed Curling Championship.
In mixed curling, the positions on a team must alternate between men and women. If a man throws last rocks, which is usually the case, the women must throw lead rocks and third rocks, while the other male member of the team throws second rocks. In 2004, Shannon Kleibrink became the only woman to skip a team and win a Canadian Mixed championship.
History
The Canadian Mixed Curling Championship was established in 1964, with Canadian Breweries as the event's sponsor and Frank Sargent as its committee chairman. For the first two years it was held at the Royal Canadian Curling Club in Toronto. The first championship was won by Ernie Boushy of Winnipeg with a record of 9-1.
In 1973, Seagram Distillers became the new official sponsor, until 1983.
Up until 1995, the event was typically held in March, but was bumped up to January that year when Unitel became a sponsor. That was also the year that the "Season of Champions" event series was implemented, and the Page playoffs began to be used.
Unitel's parent company AT&T became the sponsor in 1997, a partnership that only lasted until 1998. The event was dropped as a Season of Champions event in 2004, and was no longer shown on television. In 2005, the page playoff system was dropped and replaced by a 3-team playoff. The 2005 event was bumped up to November of the previous year, and the event has been held in November ever since, and is why the event was not held in the year it was billed as until the COVID-19 pandemic cancelled the November 2020 event.
Starting with the 2008 Championships (held in November 2007), the Canadian Curling Association picked two curlers from the winning team to represent Canada at the World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship. This ended with the 2012 Mixed Championship, with the creation of the Canadian Mixed Doubles Curling Trials.
Champions
The past champions of the event are listed as follows:
Notes
References
External links
Canadian Mixed Curling Championship history
Recurring sporting events established in 1964
1964 establishments in Canada
Bruce Edward Bursten (March 8, 1954) is an American chemist, professor of chemistry, and was president of the American Chemical Society. He is provost at Worcester Polytechnic Institute. His research has specialised in inorganic chemistry and metal-containing molecules.
Life
He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He graduated from University of Chicago, and University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he studied with Richard F. Fenske.
He taught at Ohio State University, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, and Barnard College.
He was AAAS Chemistry Chair and an ACS fellow.
References
Sources
1954 births
Living people
Scientists from Chicago
University of Chicago alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Worcester Polytechnic Institute faculty
Presidents of the American Chemical Society
21st-century American chemists
Denny Lane (4 December 1818 – 29 November 1895) was an Irish businessman and nationalist public figure in Cork city, and in his youth a Young Irelander.
Although a Catholic, he graduated from the mainly Protestant Trinity College, Dublin, where he joined the College Historical Society, became a friend of Charles Gavan Duffy and Thomas Davis, and moved in the circle from which the Young Ireland movement sprang. He was called to the bar from Inner Temple. Under the pen name "Domhnall na Glanna" or "Domhnall Gleannach", he wrote Irish nationalist and romantic lyrics which were published in The Nation in the 1840s, the best known being "Carraigdhoun" (or "Lament of the Irish Maiden") and "Kate of Araglen". Lane and his college classmate Michael Joseph Barry were the most prominent Young Irelanders in Cork, and were interned in Cork City Gaol after the Young Irelander Rebellion of 1848. Thomas Carlyle on his 1849 Irish tour met Lane on 17 July, describing him as a "fine brown Irish figure, Denny; distiller – ex-repealer; frank, hearty, honest air; like Alfred Tennyson a little".
Lane took over his father's distillery in Cork and later started several industrial businesses near the city, with mixed success. He took an interest in technology and industrial innovation. He was on the boards of the Macroom Railway Company and the Blackrock and Passage Railway Company, and also involved in Cork's School of Art, School of Music, and Literary & Scientific and Historical & Archaeological societies. He stood for Parliament in the 1876 Cork City by-election, but the Home Rule vote was split with John Daly, so that unionist William Goulding was elected.
He died at his home on Cork's South Mall in November 1895, aged 77.
Bibliography
References
Sources
Citations
External links
Denny Lane, Drawing by Henry Jones/Thaddeus from Cork City and County Archives
Young Irelanders
People from Cork (city)
Businesspeople from County Cork
Irish poets
19th-century poets
1818 births
1895 deaths
Irish barristers
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
19th-century Irish businesspeople
"Miracle" is a song co-written, co-produced and performed by New Zealand recording artist Kimbra, issued as the second single from her second studio album The Golden Echo. It was her first song to chart on Billboard, peaking at #37 on the Japan Hot 100.
Critical reception
The song has received mainly positive reviews from critics, with many complimenting the song's disco-influenced feel. Olivia Forman of Spin stated that the song has a "flawlessly fluctating [...] beat" and additionally complimented Kimbra's vocals. Josh Brooks of Vulture Magazine proclaimed the song as "a killer modern pop disco track" and added that in comparison to the rest of The Golden Echo, the track is where Kimbra is at her "grooviest". Jake Cleland of Pitchfork praised the song but also felt that it was "a-minute-and-a-half too long".
Music video
The official music video for the song was directed by Thom Kerr. Throughout the video, Kimbra is shown dancing down the sidewalk in various costumes, all designed by Australian designer Jaime Lee Major.
Chart positions
References
External links
2014 songs
2014 singles
Kimbra songs
Song recordings produced by Rich Costey
Song recordings produced by Kimbra
Songs written by Daniel Johns
Songs written by Kimbra
Songs written by Thundercat (musician)
Warner Records singles
Disco songs
Funk songs
One for the Road is an album by singers and songwriters Willie Nelson and Leon Russell, produced by the pair. The album was first released as a double vinyl LP by Columbia Records. The album was recorded in Leon's new facility, Paradise Studios in Burbank, California. The album peaked at No. 25 on the US Billboard 200 chart, No. 3 on US country albums chart, No. 28 on the Canada albums chart, No. 1 on the Canada country albums chart and No. 11 on the New Zealand albums chart. The album has gold certification for sales of over 500,000 albums in the US and Canada .
It was re-released on CD in 1989, 2008 and 2017. The new releases were after Leon recordings earned six gold records. He received two Grammy awards from seven nominations. In 2011, Leon was inducted into both the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame. One of his biggest early fans, Elton John, said Russell was a "mentor" and an "inspiration". They recorded their album The Union in 2010, which earned them a Grammy nomination.
Track listing
"Detour" (Paul Westmoreland) - 2:24
"I Saw The Light" (Hank Williams) - 3:04
"Heartbreak Hotel" (Mae Boren Axton, Tommy Durden, Elvis Presley) - 3:00
"Let The Rest Of The World Go By" (Ernest Ball, J. Keirn Brennan) - 3:46
"Trouble in Mind" (Richard M. Jones) - 2:40
"Don't Fence Me In " (Cole Porter) - 2:25
"The Wild Side of Life" (Arlie Carter, William Warren) - 3:21
"Ridin' Down the Canyon" (Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette) - 3:20
"Sioux City Sue" (Dick Thomas, Ray Freedman) - 3:15
"You Are My Sunshine" (Charles Mitchell, Jimmie Davis) - 2:49
"Danny Boy" (Frederic Weatherly) - 3:58
"Always" (Irving Berlin) - 2:16
"Summertime" (Dudley Heyward, George Gershwin) - 2:27
"Because Of You" (Dudly Wilkinson) - 2:04
"Am I Blue?" (Grant Clarke, Harry Akst) - 2:16
"Tenderly" (Jack Lawrence, Walter Gross) - 3:58
"Far Away Places" (Alex Kramer, Joan Whitney Kramer) - 3:08
"That Lucky Old Sun" (Beasley Smith, Haven Gillespie) - 2:38
"Stormy Weather" (Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler) - 2:35
"One for My Baby (and One More for the Road)" (Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer) - 2:32
Charts
Personnel
Leon Russell Guitar, Keyboards, Performer, Piano, Primary Artist, Producer, Vocals
Willie Nelson Guitar, Performer, Primary Artist, Producer, Vocals
Jim Boatman Vocals (Background)
Ambrose Campbell Percussion
Paul English Drums
Chris Ethridge Bass
John Gallie Organ
Marty Grebb Saxophone
Rex Ludwick Drums
Maria Muldaur Guest Artist, Vocals (Background)
Jody Payne Guitar, Vocals (Background)
Bonnie Raitt Guest Artist, Slide Guitar
Mickey Raphael Guest Artist, Harmonica
Bernie Grundman Engineer
Further reading
The Encyclopedia of Country Music, ed. Paul Kingsbury, pp. 374–76 "Willie Nelson", Bob Allen, New York: Oxford University Press, 1998.
Nelson, Susie (1987). Hear Worn Memories: a Daughter's Personal Biography of Willie Nelson. First ed. Eakin Press. .
External links
Leon Russell
Leon Russell discography
Leon Russell lyrics
Leon Russell Records
Leon Russell NAMM Oral History Program Interview (2012)
Willie Nelson
[ Willie Nelson] at AllMusic
References
1979 albums
Willie Nelson albums
Leon Russell albums
Collaborative albums
Columbia Records albums
Chorus of Souls was an industrial music, art rock, darkwave Los Angeles band formed in 1988. The main members of the band were drummer Craig Clark, keyboardist Tom Bailey, guitarist Thomas "Chas"Connors, bassist Kenny Lefort, and singer Jill Sparks. The band broke up in 1992. Singer Jill Sparks died July 19, 2011 in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Discography
Chorus of Souls (Fluxus Records)
Tales from the Vault (compilation on Allegiance Records)
Astrothrill: Desert Planet Disk (compilation on Fluxus Records)
Trivia
An early version of Tool (band) formed at singer Jill Sparks house in 1990.
Chorus of Souls music appears on the Craig Clark animated features, The Kustomonsters Movie (2015) and Kustomonsters 2 (2020).
External links
Official website
Musical groups from Los Angeles
American industrial music groups
The 44th Bodil Awards took place in Imperial in Copenhagen.
Two additional awards were given to two foreign films Dekalog by Krzysztof Kieślowski and GoodFellas by Martin Scorsese.
Winners and nominees
Best Actor in a Leading Role
Tommy Kenter – Lad isbjørnene danse
Best Actress in a Leading Role
Trine Dyrholm – Springflod
Best Actor in a Supporting Role
Steen Svare – Sirup
Best Actress in a Supporting Role
Jannie Faurschou – Springflod
Best European Film
Dekalog
Best non-European Film
GoodFellas
References
1990 film awards
1991 in Danish cinema
Bodil Awards ceremonies
1990s in Copenhagen
March 1991 events in Europe
Rubus plicatus is a species of blackberry native to Europe.
Taxonomy
The type specimen of the genus Rubus was selected from among Linnaeus's specimens by Nathaniel Lord Britton and Addison Brown in 1913 as a herbarium specimen labelled Rubus fruticosus. This specimen turned out to include a mixture of pieces that apparently belong to Rubus plicatus and Rubus ulmifolius. From these, a component that appears to match Rubus plicatus was selected to be the type. The type of Rubus plicatus, however, is a different specimen (which permits an individual botanist to decide that R. plicatus and R. fruticosus are not the same species). Whenever R. fruticosus and R. plicatus are considered to belong to the same species, the name Rubus fruticosus has priority. When one must be listed as a synonym of the other, R. fruticosus is usually considered to be a synonym of the later name Rubus plicatus, although strictly speaking that choice is contrary to the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants.
References
External links
plicatus
Berries
Jaume (or Santiago) Vallcorba Plana (21 September 1949 – 23 August 2014) was a Spanish philologist and publisher.
Life and career
Born in Tarragona, Catalonia, he completed an Arts degree at the Autonomous University of Barcelona and obtained a PhD at the University of Barcelona with a thesis on Josep Maria Junoy and the early European avant-garde movements. He was a lecturer and professor in Literature at the University of Bordeaux, the University of Lleida, the University of Barcelona and the Pompeu Fabra University (Barcelona) but he left university teaching in 2004.
He was a permanent member of the Royal Academy of Doctors of Catalonia and a scholar of medieval aesthetics and literature. He founded the publishing houses Quaderns Crema in 1979 and Editorial Acantilado in 1999 and has been director of both since their inception. As a scholar, his main contribution to the world of letters was a new perspective on the early-twentieth-century avant-garde movements. In the realm of publishing he has launched the brilliant generation of new writers in Catalan, including Quim Monzó, Sergi Pàmies and Empar Moliner. Featuring in his catalogue in Spanish are great classics from the past, a rediscovery he has helped to bring about in the form of new editions – Chateaubriand, James Boswell and Montaigne, for example – along with a considerable number of European authors, from Pessoa, to Imre Kertész, Stefan Zweig and Joseph Roth. He has introduced to Spanish readers a considerable number of contemporary Central European writers as well as new talents writing in Spanish.
He published numerous studies on aesthetics and literature and was directly commissioned by the poet J. V. Foix to publish his poetic oeuvre. He also published Junoy's poetry.
He died in Barcelona.
Prizes
Among the prizes and awards Jaume Vallcorba Plana has received are the following:
FAD (Promotion of the Decorative Arts) Gold Medal (2001)
National Prize for Best Individual Contribution to Publishing, 2002
City Council of Barcelona Gold Medal for Cultural Merit (2004)
Grand Order of Merit for Cultural Contribution, conceded by the Republic of Poland (2005)
Publishing Merit Award at the Guadalajara International Book Fair (2010)
Nominee to International Zbigniew Herbert Award First Edition, Poland, 2013
National Prize of Culture, conceded by the Government of Catalonia (2014)
Bibliography
Por orden alfabético. Escritores, editores, amigos, Jorge Herralde (Barcelona, Anagrama, 2006).
Entre paréntesis: ensayos, artículos y discursos, Roberto Bolaño (Barcelona, Anagrama, 2004).
Marilyn McCully, Noucentisme: Picasso, Junoy und der Klassizismus von Barcelona, in Ulrich Weisner (herausgegeben von), Picassos Klassizismus, Stuttgart, Cantz, 1988, p. 43–51.
Aurelio González, review his Lectura de la Chanson de Roland, in Medievalia, 4, 1989, p. 6.
Robert S. Lubar, Cubism, Classicism and Ideology: The 1912 Exposició d'art cubista in Barcelona and French Cubist Criticism, in Elizabeth Cowling and Jennifer Mundy, On Classic Ground, London, Tate Gallery, 1990, p. 309–324. Based on his J. M. Junoy, Obra poética.
Friedrich Wolfzettel, reviews his Lectura de la Chanson de Roland, in Zeitschrift für romanische Philologie, n# 108 (Heft 3/4), 1992, p. 348–351.
Quinze ans de l'édition en Barcelone, doctoral thesis read about his editorial activity at the Grenoble University on December 9, 1995 by the professor Edmond Raillard under the direction of professor Michel Moner.
Arthur Terry, reviews his Noucentisme, Mediterraneisme i Classicisme: apunts per a la història d'una estètica, in Journal of Hispanic Studies, 3 (1994–1995) p. 488–490.
Juan Manuel Bonet, Diccionario de las vanguardias en España 1907–1936, Madrid, Alianza Editorial, 1995, with multiple references.
Reviews his Noucentisme, Mediterraneisme i Classicisme: apunts per a la història d'una estètica, by Neus Torres, in Revista de Catalunya, n# 107, May 1996, p. 126–127.
Reviews his Noucentisme, Mediterraneisme i Classicisme: apunts per a la història d'una estètica, by Nil Santiáñez-Tió, in España Contemporánea, volume IX, n# 2, autumn 1996, p. 114–117.
Reviews his Noucentisme, Mediterraneisme i Classicisme: apunts per a la història d'una estètica, by Joan Ramon Resina, Hispanic Review, summer 1996.
Reviews his editions of Darrer comunicat and Tocant a mà, from J. V. Foix, by Arthur Terry, in Bulletin of Hispanic Studies, LXXIII (1996), p. 455.
Notes
External links
El País, 14/05/2010 (Interview with Jaume Vallcorba)
Spanish male writers
1949 births
2014 deaths
Pompeu Fabra University faculty
Autonomous University of Barcelona alumni
University of Barcelona alumni
University of Bordeaux faculty
University of Lleida faculty
University of Barcelona faculty
Spanish philologists
Spanish publishers (people)
People from Tarragona
The Arroscia is an Italian river in the provinces of Imperia. and Savona.
Geography
The river rises from monte Frontè, in the comune of Mendatica, not far from the French border. The Arroscia flows east and receives several tributaries. It then joins the Neva and forms with it the Centa, one of the most relevant rivers of western Liguria. The Arroscia has a basin of .
Main tributaries
Right hand:
rio Ponte,
rio Ravinasso,
rio Rocchino,
torrente Giara di Rezzo,
rio Bottasso,
rio Ubaga.
torrente Lerrone.
Left hand:
rio Gropin,
dei Laghi,
rio Brignola,
rio Teglia,
torrente Arogna,
rio Varasce,
rio Cornareo.
rio Parone,
rio Merco.
References
See also
List of rivers of Italy
Rivers of Italy
Rivers of Liguria
Rivers of the Province of Imperia
Rivers of the Province of Savona
Tributaries of the Centa
Rivers of the Alps
Lebrecht Blücher Dreves (12 September 1816 – 19 December 1870) was a German poet and translator of poetry from Hamburg.
The Prussian general Blucher was his baptismal sponsor, whence his name. At age nineteen he submitted a volume of poems for the judgment of Adelbert von Chamisso and Gustav Schwab, and both expressed favourable opinions. This was followed shortly by another volume entitled Lyrische Anklange (Lyrical Melodies), grafted on the music of his favourites, Chamisso, Ludwig Uhland, Heinrich Heine, Friedrich Rückert, Schwab, and others. Over the next three years he studied jurisprudence, gaining the degree of doctor of laws summa cum laude. Another volume, entitled Vigilien (Vigils), followed, and in 1843 he published anonymously a third volume, Schlichte Lieder (Unpretentious Songs) embodying his battle-songs, Lieder eines Hanseaten. He converted to Catholicism in 1846, and took a job as notary out of financial difficulties. He also wrote the two-act comedy Der Lebensretter (The Life-Saver) inscribing it: "A manuscript printed for (improvised) private theatricals".
His Lieder der Kirche (Church Hymns) paved his way to becoming a translator of hymns (2d ed., 1868). He also wrote a History of the Catholic Congregations in Hamburg and Altona. He likewise translated the Nachtigallenlied by the anonymous author known as "Pseudo-Bonaventura" and Rimbert Vita Ansgari. He undertook the task of editing (in 1867) sources regarding the history of his native city in the Annuae Missionis Hamburgensis 1589-1781. About this time he revised and republished his own poetical works, in which work he was aided by the poet Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff who had become his good friend. He moved to Feldkirch in the Vorarlberg, and became friendly with the poet Father Gall Morel. His son, Dr. G. Dreves, became editor of the Analecta hymnica medii aevi, a large collection of medieval hymnology. Dreves died in Feldkirch.
References
External links
1816 births
1870 deaths
19th-century German poets
Writers from Hamburg
Translators to German
19th-century translators
German male poets
19th-century German male writers
A living stump is created when a live tree is cut, burned, eaten, or infected, causing its cambium to die above the root system.
Living stumps are generally characterized as having a thin outer layer of living cells that surround a hollow central cavity.
Living stumps can survive for several years by
using excess carbon reserves,
transfer of nutrients from the roots of neighbouring trees, often aided by mycorrhiza or
root grafting to the root system of living trees.
Root grafting allows for carbon transfer from living trees to living stumps resulting in incremental cambium growth in the stump.
Stumps can grow a callus tissue over its cross-section which prolongs longevity of the stump by protecting it from infection and insect damage. A living stump which is capable of producing sprouts or cuttings is known as a stool, and is used in the coppicing method of woodland management.
Common Examples
Pinus strobus (white pine)
Castanea dentata (American chestnut)
Tsuga spp. (hemlock)
Pseudotsuga menziesii (Douglas-fir)
Cedrus spp. (cedar)
References
Trees
Forest ecology
1515 Tower (originally The Arkona) was a former residential high-rise in West Palm Beach, Florida. Completed in 1974, it was the second tallest building in West Palm Beach with 30 stories and rising .
1515 Tower was heavily damaged during Hurricane Frances and Hurricane Jeanne in 2004 and was subsequently vacated. The facade was heavily damaged as a result of the storms, and on August 1, 2006, the city issued a demolition order. The building was demolished by use of explosives, colloquially called implosion, on Sunday, February 14, 2010. 1515 Tower was the third tallest building in the United States to be imploded. There have been several proposals for a new building at the site at 1515 South Flagler Drive.
References
External links
Videos
1515 Tower To Come Down This Weekend
Last Downtown Building Implosion Happened In 1995
Implosion of 1515 Condo Tower, West Palm Beach
1974 establishments in Florida
2010 disestablishments in Florida
Buildings and structures in West Palm Beach, Florida
Buildings and structures demolished by controlled implosion
Demolished buildings and structures in Florida
Residential buildings completed in 1974
Buildings and structures demolished in 2010
Former skyscrapers
Residential skyscrapers in Florida
Cynthia Jennifer "Cici" Denzler (born May 12, 1983 in Santa Ana, California) is a Colombian–American–Swiss alpine skier. She competed for Colombia at the 2010 Winter Olympics in the women's slalom and giant slalom skiing competitions. Denzler was the first athlete to represent Colombia at the Winter Olympic Games.
Personal life
Denzler was born in Santa Ana, California, on May 12, 1983. Her parents are Swiss. Denzler and her parents moved to Switzerland, where she still lives, when she was four years old. Denzler began skiing when she was eight years old.
Denzler's father, who is also her coach, first arrived to Colombia in 2000 to open a clothes factory. Denzler acquired her Colombian citizenship through her father's residence and activities in Colombia.
She is a graduate of California Coast University.
Denzler's nickname is "Cici". She gained this nickname from a Swiss nanny who found that she could not pronounce Cynthia and decided to call Denzler "Cici" instead.
Skiing career
United States
Denzler debuted internationally for the USA as an alpine skier in 1998.
Colombia
Denzler started representing Colombia from 2008. In 2010, Cynthia Denzler competed as part of Colombia's Winter Olympics delegation which consisted of her father Hanspeter, and his brother Fabian, both of which served as coaches. Cynthia Denzler said, "it is an honour to compete for Colombia and I am happy to do so. Representing the country during the Winter Olympics is a good thing and a dream come true." She carried the Colombian flag at the opening ceremony.
Alpine skiing results
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Olympic results
World Championship results
See also
Colombia at the 2010 Winter Olympics
References
External links
Colombian Ski Team
Cynthia's Page at McBoard | Paragon Sport
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santa Ana, California
Swiss female alpine skiers
American female alpine skiers
Colombian female alpine skiers
Naturalized citizens of Colombia
Colombian people of Swiss descent
American people of Swiss descent
Olympic alpine skiers of Colombia
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
California Coast University alumni
21st-century American women
The following is a list of the highest-grossing films from the Mexican film industry.
Box office gross revenue
The following is a list of the highest-grossing films within the Mexican film industry, based on box office gross revenue. Audience count not included.
''Background colour indicates films that are currently playing in theaters (as of January 2020)
Box office ticket sales
The following is a list of Mexican films that have had the highest ticket sales at the worldwide box office.
References
Mexico
Highest-grossing films
The United States Crime Victims Fund, administered by the Office for Victims of Crime, is used to recompense victims of offenses against U.S. law. The fund was established as part of the 1984 Victims of Crimes Act. The special assessment on convicted persons is paid into this fund, as are certain other criminal fines and penalties, and forfeited bail bonds. As of September 2013, the unspent balance of the fund was almost $9 billion. Each state is entitled to disburse funds for a multitude of different reasons such as compensation for pain and suffering, property replacement, money for loss of wages, property restoration and or cleaning of the crime scene. Office of Victim Services (OVS) helps victims in a number of ways as a family member, or friend cope with victimization from a crime. OVS can point victims to other service providers who may also be able to assist them. The National Crime Scene Cleanup Association (NCSCA) performs all clean crime scene cleaning for this fund at no charge to the victim or family.
References
Government agencies of the United States
1984 establishments in the United States
Compensation for victims of crime
The Roupell case (1862) was a notorious English legal dispute that centred on legal documents alleged to have been forged by William Roupell and excited great public interest.
Background
William Roupell was the illegitimate son of Richard Palmer Roupell who possessed extensive properties in London and the Home Counties. By 1853, William, who spent unwisely seeking to establish himself in fashionable society, was already in debt and launched a sequence of deceptions and forgeries, dishonestly to obtain much of his father's property. In particular, he forged a deed conveying Norbiton Estate to himself and then sold it to Mr Waite. Further, he destroyed his father's will, which had left much of his property to William's brother Richard, and forged a will leaving it to William's mother, with himself as executor. His father died in 1856 and in 1857 William was elected Liberal Party Member of Parliament for Lambeth.
By 1862, William was no longer able to service the mortgages that he had taken out on the misappropriated property and on 30 March destroyed some of his papers and fled to Spain. In August, his brother Richard visited him in Spain and William returned to England. He was recognised and arrested for fraud and forgery.
Roupell (Richard) v. Waite
Richard sued Waite for possession of Norbiton Estate, contending that he would have inherited it under his father's valid, but destroyed, will. The trial began at Guildford on 18 August 1862.
Shee opened Richard's case by presenting the background of the Roupell family property, William's financial difficulties and the alleged facts of the frauds and forgeries. Shee argued that the will must be a forgery as, purporting to be witnessed by William, William could not have been present to witness its execution on the said date. Shee called William who admitted the frauds and forgeries and his own perjury in the grant of probate of his father's estate. It was to have been Waite's defence that William was colluding with his brother Richard, possibly in return for some compensation, but the defence was never heard as the case settled, dividing the value of the estate between Waite and Richard Roupell.
R v. Roupell (William)
On 24 September 1862, William appeared at the Old Bailey and pleaded guilty to the forgery. The judge, Mr Justice Byles, emphasising the seriousness of the offences, sentenced William to penal servitude for life.
Roupell (Richard) v. Hays
In 1863, Richard again attempted to regain property in Great Warley, Essex by proving that mortgages on the property were invalid, having been obtained through forgery. William, still in custody but not in prison dress, again gave evidence of his own wrongdoing and various witnesses attested to Richard Palmer's careful business habits and his handwriting and signature. Forensic document examiner Charles Chabot gave expert evidence that the signature was not Richard Palmer's.
The judge, Mr Baron Channell, warned the jury as to the unreliability of William's testimony and put to them four questions:
Was the deed of gift in question signed by Richard Palmer in the presence of two witnesses?
If not, did Richard Palmer, sign and seal the deed, despite the absence of witnesses?
Was the will bequeathing property to Richard Palmer's wife genuine?
If not, was Richard the rightful heir?
The jury retired, The Times observing that they jury had a pile of shorthand notes about a foot in height that would overwhelm them and that the jury would probably be confused anyway. The jury returned after three hours, finding that the deed had not been signed in the presence of witnesses but unable to agree whether Richard Palmer had signed the deed at all. Further, the jury agreed that the will was a forgery but were unable to agree on the proof of Richard's rightful inheritance. Even after several hours' further deliberation, the jury were unable to agree.
Though a retrial was mooted, the issue ultimately settled out of court. William was released on parole in September 1876. Richard spent the rest of his life attempting, largely unsuccessfully, to recover some of his lost fortune
Cultural references
William Makepeace Thackeray satirised William's downfall as that of "Roupilius" in The Roundabout Papers.
Notes
Bibliography
1862 in case law
Document forgery
1862 in London
Politics of the London Borough of Lambeth
A min/max kd-tree is a k-d tree with two scalar values - a minimum and a maximum - assigned to its nodes. The minimum/maximum of an inner node is equal to the minimum/maximum of its children's minima/maxima.
Construction
Min/max kd-trees may be constructed recursively. Starting with the root node, the splitting plane orientation and position is evaluated. Then the children's splitting planes and min/max values are evaluated recursively. The min/max value of the current node is simply the minimum/maximum of its children's minima/maxima.
Properties
The min/max kdtree has - besides the properties of an kd-tree - the special property that an inner node's min/max values coincide each with a min/max value of either one child. This allows to discard the storage of min/max values at the leaf nodes by storing two bits at inner nodes, assigning min/max values to the children: Each inner node's min/max values will be known in advance, where the root node's min/max values are stored separately. Each inner node has besides two min/max values also two bits given, defining to which child those min/max values are assigned (0: to the left child 1: to the right child). The non-assigned min/max values of the children are the from the current node already known min/max values. The two bits may also be stored in the least significant bits of the min/max values which have therefore to be approximated by fractioning them down/up.
The resulting memory reduction is not minor, as the leaf nodes of full binary kd-trees are one half of the tree's nodes.
Applications
Min/max kd-trees are used for ray casting isosurfaces/MIP (maximum intensity projection). Isosurface ray casting only traverses nodes for which the chosen isovalue lies between the min/max values of the current node. Nodes that do not fulfill this requirement do not contain an isosurface to the given isovalue and are therefore skipped (empty space skipping). For MIP, nodes are not traversed if their maximum is smaller than the current maximum intensity along the ray. The favorable visualization complexity of ray casting allows raying cast (and even change the isosurface for) very large scalar fields at interactive framerates on commodity PCs. Especially implicit max kd-trees are an optimal choice for visualizing scalar fields defined on rectilinear grids (see ). Similarly an implicit min/max kd-tree may be used to efficiently evaluate queries such as terrain line of sight.
See also
k-d tree
implicit kd-tree
References
Computer graphics data structures
Trees (data structures)
Covington & Burling LLP is an American multinational law firm. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., the firm advises clients on transactional, litigation, regulatory, and public policy matters. In 2021, Vault.com ranked Covington & Burling as the #1 law firm in Washington, D.C. The firm has additional offices in Beijing, Brussels, Frankfurt, Dubai, Johannesburg, London, Los Angeles, New York, Palo Alto, San Francisco, Seoul, and Shanghai.
History
Judge J. Harry Covington and Edward B. Burling founded Covington & Burling in Washington, DC, on January 1, 1919.
In 1988, Covington opened a London office, followed by a Brussels office in 1990. In 1999, Covington merged with a 60-lawyer New York firm called Howard, Smith & Levin and also opened its first West Coast office in San Francisco. In 2008, Covington entered into a strategic alliance with Institution Quraysh for Law & Policy (iQ), a Qatar-based transnational law firm and think-tank, for the joint provision of legal and consulting services in the Middle East. As of mid-2009, both firms share the same London office premises.
Pro bono
Covington's pro bono work focuses on providing legal services to people in local communities. Attorneys at the firm can participate in a six-month rotation program and work at each of three DC-based legal service organizations: Neighborhood Legal Services Program, the Children's Law Center and Bread for the City.
Covington's pro bono work includes representation in Buckley v. Valeo, Griffin v. Illinois, and Korematsu v. United States. However, the firm's pro bono program encompasses a range of areas, including freedom of expression and religion; civil rights and civil liberties; gay rights; family law; education; landlord/tenant; homelessness; employment; criminal and court-appointed cases; police misconduct; environmental law; fairness in government procurements and grants; intellectual property; non-profit incorporation and tax. They supported the District of Columbia in District of Columbia v. Heller which argues that the District's ban on the possession of handguns and its storage provisions for other firearms in the home is not implicated by the Second Amendment
Representation of Guantanamo Bay inmates
Attorneys at Covington & Burling have been Guantanamo Bay attorneys for Ahmed al-Ghailani fifteen Yemenis, one Pakistani, and one Algerian being held at Guantanamo Bay. The firm obtained favorable rulings that detainees have rights under the Fifth Amendment and the Geneva Conventions. The court ruled in March 2005 that the government could not transfer detainees from Guantanamo Bay to foreign custody without first giving the prisoners a chance to challenge the move in court.
According to The American Lawyer's annual pro bono survey, Covington lawyers spent 3,022 hours on Guantánamo litigation in 2007, "the firm's largest pro bono project that year". Lawyers from the firm who have become administration officials have been advised by ethics officials to recuse themselves in matters involving detainees represented by their former firms, but not from policy issues where they were not personally and substantially involved. Lanny Breuer is one of those who has had to recuse from some matters since leaving the firm for a government position. Covington also co-authored one of three petitioners' briefs filed in Boumediene v. Bush, "and was responsible for several detainee victories" in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. "At least one high-ranking appointee played a key role in advancing detainees' rights," but they did not participate in litigation over the Guantanamo Bay prison itself.
Pro bono accolades
First in Pro Bono Hours per Lawyer, 2019 and 2020—The American Lawyer
Law360, Pro Bono Firm of the Year, ranked No. 1 (2015).
DC Bar Association, Thurgood Marshall Award for commitment to excellence in the fields of civil rights and individual liberties (2006).
Recent notable clients
State of California
The State of California hired Covington & Burling attorney and former Obama Attorney General Eric Holder to fight the Trump administration.
Commonwealth of Australia
According to press reports and filings with the U.S. Department of Justice under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, Covington & Burling assisted the government of Australia in pursuing the legislation to create a new visa category reserved exclusively for nationals of Australia following the enactment of the U.S.-Australia Free Trade Agreement. The Covington team included Stuart Eizenstat, Martin Gold, Roderick DeArment, David Marchick, Elizabeth Letchworth, Les Carnegie, and Brian Smith. On November 20, 2012, the LegalTimes reported that the Embassy of South Korea had hired Covington & Burling to advise on a similar visa for Korea. Covington of counsel Brian Smith and senior international policy adviser Alan Larson reportedly led the matter, assisted by senior counsel Martin Gold and associate Jonathan Wakely.
Current and former attorneys
David Campion Acheson
Brad Smith
Dean Acheson
Donald Alexander
Richard S. Arnold
Howard Berman
Stephanos Bibas
John R. Bolton
Kit Bond
Michael Boudin
Steven G. Bradbury
Lanny Breuer
William Bundy
Edward B. Burling
Vince Girdhari Chhabria
Abram Chayes
Michael Chertoff
W. Graham Claytor, Jr.
Christopher Reid Cooper
John Sherman Cooper
J. Harry Covington
Malik R. Dahlan
Roderick Allen DeArment
Joan Donoghue
John W. Douglas
John C. Dugan
Stuart E. Eizenstat
Leecia Eve
Adrian S. Fisher
Roger Fisher
Ivan K. Fong
Gerhard Gesell
Haywood Stirling Gilliam, Jr.
Jack L. Goldsmith
Lino Graglia
Coleman Hicks
Donald Hiss
Eric Holder
Charles Antone Horsky
Philip K. Howard
Nicholas Johnson
Michael Karlan
Yale Kamisar
Harold Hongju Koh
Alex Kozinski
Jon Kyl
Robert D. Lenhard
Robert Lighthizer
Eugene Ludwig
Kenneth W. Mack
Gerard Magliocca
David Marchick
Burke Marshall
James C. McKay
David E. McGiffert
Roderick R. McKelvie
Terrell McSweeny
Richard A. Merrill
Richard Meserve
Sandra Douglass Morgan
Alfred H. Moses
David Nason
Dawn Clark Netsch
Kevin Newsom
John W. Nields Jr.
John Lord O'Brian
Mary Ellen O'Connell
Roberts Bishop Owen
David Remes
Gary R. Roberts
George Rublee
Charles Ruff
Arjun Singh Sethi
Andrew J. Shapiro
Cameron Stracher
Paul Tagliabue
Phyllis D. Thompson
Paul Warnke
Togo D. West, Jr.
Josh Whitman
Sarah L. Wilson
Wesley S. Williams Jr.
Robert Eric Wone
Diane Wood
References
External links
National Law Review Profile
Intellectual property law firms
Biopharmaceutical law firms
Law firms established in 1919
Law firms based in Washington, D.C.
1919 establishments in Washington, D.C.
The Schwarzwaldverein (Black Forest Club or Black Forest Association) was founded in Freiburg im Breisgau (Germany) in 1864, making it the oldest German hiking and mountaineering club. The Schwarzwaldverein has almost 90,000 members in 241 local chapters. Activities of the club include hiking, environmental protection, the promotion of local culture (Heimatpflege), trail maintenance, and family and youth work projects in the Black Forest.
Organisation
The Schwarzwaldverein consists of the main association and 241 independent local member chapters. The local chapters are organized into 17 regions, and have a membership of almost 90,000 members. The executive committee consists of three members, and the current president is Eugen Dieterle. In addition to the executive committee, there are nine divisional officers, each of whom is responsible for coordinating specific parts of the club's activities. The main offices are in Freiburg.
Trail Maintenance
The Schwarzwaldverein in responsible for a network of hiking trails spread throughout the entire Black Forest region. The so-called "Main trails", the Westweg, Mittelweg, and Ostweg (West, Middle, and East Trails), run in a north-south direction. Other north-south trails are the Kandelhöhenweg and the Ortenau Wine Path in the west, as well as the Gäurandweg in the east. The "Cross-trails" (Querwege) run in an east-west direction: the Cross-trail Gengenbach-Alpirsbach, Cross-trail Rottweil-Lahr, Cross-trail Freiburg-Bodensee, the Black Forest-Kaiserstuhl-Rhein Cross-trail, the Hotzenwald Cross-trail, and others. All trails are marked with a colored lozenge. In the 1990s a long-distance bike trail was added parallel to the Westweg starting in Karlsruhe and ending in Basel.
"Youth in the Schwarzwaldverein"
The "Youth in the Schwarzwaldverein" (Jugend im Schwarzwaldverein) is an independent youth organization of the Schwarzwaldverein with a membership of around 11,000, composed of all members 27 years of age and under. Many different levels of activities are offered, including regular meetings, excursions, and camps. The regional offices offer regional camps and advanced training for leaders from the local chapters. The main office offers large camps, experiential learning opportunities and training for members and non-members.
See also
Schwäbischer Albverein
Black Forest
Notes
External links
Official site
Site of the "Jugend im Schwarzwaldverein"
Cooperative project of the Schwarzwaldverein and the Schwäbischen Albvereins - (Swabian Alb Association)
Hiking portal for the Black Forest
Information about the Schwarzwaldverein's hundredth anniversary
Black Forest
Hiking organisations in Germany
Nature conservation organisations based in Germany
Sports organizations established in 1864
The FAI World Grand Prix 2010–2011 was the fourth gliding Grand Prix. The 9 qualifying races took place during 2010–2011 worldwide flying season. The qualifying rounds were held all over the world. The Finals were held in Wasserkuppe, Germany from the 23rd to the 30th of July.
Due to scheduling conflicts with the European Gliding Championships held in Nitra, Slovakia, from 17–30 July 2011, some pilots couldn't attend the Grand Prix Final. Among others, triple and defending Grand Prix World champion Sebastian Kawa did not attend The Finals, instead he went on to win the European Gliding Championships in the Standard class.
Summary
Overall results
* – competition number
Qualifying races
See also
Results of Grand Prix series
World Gliding Championships
European Gliding Championships
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20100529223816/http://www.fai.org/gliding/QSGP2010_2011
https://web.archive.org/web/20110417152942/http://www.qsgp2011.fi/ Finland 2011
Gliding competitions
2010 in German sport
2011 in German sport
Gliding in Germany
2010 in air sports
2011 in air sports
Aviation history of Germany
The Torrington Main Post Office in Torrington, Wyoming was built in 1932 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Torrington was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Torrington Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Neoclassical architecture in Wyoming
Government buildings completed in 1931
Buildings and structures in Goshen County, Wyoming
Post office buildings in Wyoming
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Goshen County, Wyoming
Torrington, Wyoming
Foster is an unincorporated community partly within the city of Sweet Home in Linn County, Oregon. It is located on the western end of the Foster Reservoir. A post office named Foster serves ZIP code 97345, which serves areas beyond the Sweet Home city limits on both the north and south sides of Foster Lake: on the north side, the area extends along the Middle Santiam River to the west end of Green Peter Lake; on the south, the area extends for several miles along the South Santiam River and U.S. Route 20.
Climate
This region experiences warm and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Foster has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "CSB" on climate maps.
References
Unincorporated communities in Linn County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
André "Trello" Abegglen (7 March 1909 – 8 November 1944) was a Swiss football forward. He played for Grasshopper Club Zürich, the French club FC Sochaux-Montbéliard and the Swiss national team, for whom he appeared in two World Cups. He is the brother of Max Abegglen and Jean Abegglen, both players of the Swiss national team. He died in 1944, at the age of just 35.
Club career
In France, with Sochaux, he was the league champion in 1934–35 and 1937–38, and was the top goalscorer of the former, with 30 goals in 28 appearances.
International career
On 2 November 1930, Abbeglen scored his first and last hat-trick for Switzerland in a Friendly against the Netherlands. He was the shared top goal scorer of the 1931-32 Central European International Cup with 8 goals, alongside István Avar of Hungary. With 12 goals in the Central European International Cup, he is the third highest scorer in the competition's history, only behind the likes of Ferenc Puskas(15) and György Sárosi(17), both of Hungary. He played in the 1934 FIFA World Cup, scoring one goal, and in the 1938 FIFA World Cup, where he scored three goals against Germany, one in the round of 16 that ended in a 1–1 draw and two more in the replay, won by Switzerland 4–2. In total, he scored 29 goals in 52 matches for the Swiss team.
International goals
''Switzerland score listed first, score column indicates score after each Abegglen goal.
Honours
Club
Sochaux
Ligue 1:
Champions (2): 1934–35 and 1937–38
Individual
Top goalscorer of the 1934–35 French Division 1 with 30 goals
Top goalscorer of the 1931–32 Central European International Cup with 8 goals
References
External links
1909 births
1944 deaths
Swiss men's footballers
Switzerland international footballers
FC Sochaux-Montbéliard players
Ligue 1 players
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
Servette FC players
FC La Chaux-de-Fonds players
1934 FIFA World Cup players
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Swiss football managers
FC Sochaux-Montbéliard managers
Servette FC managers
FC La Chaux-de-Fonds managers
People from Neuchâtel
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from the canton of Neuchâtel
The Bahia tapaculo (Eleoscytalopus psychopompus) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to lowland Atlantic forest in Bahia, Brazil.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Bahia tapaculo and the white-breasted tapaculo (Eleoscytalopus indigoticus) were formerly placed in the genus Scytalopus, but these two species are now known to be more closely related to the bristlefronts (genus Merulaxis). The Bahia tapaculo has also been proposed as a race of the white-breasted tapaculo, but genetic data refute that.
Description
Until the 1990s the Bahia tapaculo was known from only three specimens. Surveys targeting it have resulted in sight, photographic, and audio records since then. Based on the specimens, the white-breasted tapaculo is long. One male weighed and one female. The adult's upper parts are blue-gray and its rump reddish brown. The throat, chest, and belly are white and the flanks and vent area are chestnut without the barring that the very similar white-breasted tapaculo has.
Distribution and habitat
The Bahia tapaculo is known from only a few municipalities in eastern Brazil's Bahia state. It inhabits the understory of mature lowland forest at up to elevation, staying in dense cover near small streams.
Behavior
Nothing is known about the Bahia tapaculo's diet or feeding habits. The only data related to breeding is that a male and female collected in October 1983 had active gonads. The song is a trill up to four seconds long that increases in volume after the first one or two seconds .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Bahia tapaculo as Endangered. Until recently, it was feared extinct, but has since been rediscovered and is now known from the municipalities of Igrapiúna, Una, Ilhéus, Maraú, Taperoá, and Valença. It remains highly threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Eleoscytalopus
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1989
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nick Morris is a British filmmaker better known for directing music videos in the 1980's.
Career
Nick Morris began writing and making amateur films at school, one of which was shown at the NFT. His professional career began in the 1980s with music videos for "The Final Countdown" by Europe, "Kyrie" by Mr. Mister and "Everytime You Go Away" by Paul Young. After making approximately 100 promos for artists such as Elton John, Celine Dion, Alison Moyet, Warrant, Terence Trent D'Arby, Stevie Wonder, Paul Carrack, Prefab Sprout, Kirsty MacColl, Go West, the Kane Gang, The Alarm, Status Quo, Toto, Natalie Cole, Nena, Scorpions and the number one charity single Ferry Aid, he moved into longer form projects including the Cirque du Soleil show Alegría, which was nominated for a primetime Emmy, Jesus Christ Superstar, which won an International Emmy, and AC/DC's Stiff Upper Lip Live in Munich. He has also directed DVDs for comedians such as The Mighty Boosh, Mitchell and Webb and Bill Bailey. Other work includes numerous trailers and music clips for West End shows such as The Producers, Spamalot, Calendar Girls, Guys and Dolls, Edward Scissorhands and The Rocky Horror Show. in 2009 he captured Spandau Ballet's triumphant homecoming concert at the O2 Arena in London and Jude Law's portrayal of Hamlet. At the same venue in the following year, Nick directed the massive celebration of the 25th anniversary of "Les Miserables" live to cinemas around the world, featuring three complete casts of the show and numerous guest stars from previous performances. The following year he directed another celebration, this time the 25th anniversary show of Phantom of the Opera. As with “Les Miserables” the live-to-cinemas show went to number one in the UK Cinema box office. Since then Nick has directed many multicam recordings of shows shown live or as live in cinemas, most notably “Lazarus”, David Bowie's last project,”Red”, starring Alfred Molina and the hit west end show “Everybody's Talking About Jamie”.
Selected music video credits
1984
Nena – „Irgendwie, irgendwo, irgendwann“
1985
Paul Young - "Everytime You Go Away"
Kirsty MacColl - "He's on the Beach"
Mr. Mister - "Kyrie"
Slade - "Little Sheila"
1986
The Alarm - "Spirit of '76"
Europe - "The Final Countdown"
Toto - "I'll Be over You"
Eddie Money - "Take Me Home Tonight"
Eddie Money - "I Wanna Go Back"
Europe - "Rock the Night"
Europe - "Carrie"
1987
The Robert Cray Band - "Nothin' But a Woman"
Jennifer Rush & Elton John - "Flames of Paradise"
Mason Ruffner - "Dancing on Top of the World"
Jennifer Rush - "Heart Over Mind"
Eddie Money - "We Should Be Sleeping"
Europe - "Cherokee"
1988
The Alarm - "Presence of Love"
Cinderella - "Gypsy Road"
Europe - "Superstitious"
Cinderella - "Don't Know What You Got (till It's Gone)"
Europe - "Let the Good Times Rock"
Cheap Trick - "Ghost Town"
1989
Warrant - "Heaven"
Cinderella - "The Last Mile"
Marillion - "Hooks in You"
1990
Basia - "Cruising for Bruising"
No Sweat - "Heart and Soul"
Warrant - "Big Talk"
Bad English - "Price of Love"
1991
Roadhouse - "Tower of Love"
Steelheart - "She's Gone"
Bad English - "Straight to Your Heart"
Europe - "Prisoners in Paradise"
Warrant - "I Saw Red"
References
Living people
Music video directors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Nationality missing
Rareș Burnete (born 31 January 2004) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Lecce.
Club career
Rareș Burnete grew up through Colțea Brașov youth academy, before joining the US Lecce in October 2020, along with fellow Romanian footballers Răzvan Pașcalău and Cătălin Vulturar.
Having started training with the Serie B first team on the summer 2021, Burnete made his professional debut for Lecce on 16 December 2021, entering as a substitute in a 0–2 away win over Spezia. He signed a 3 years contract extension the following spring, tying him to the club until 2025.
International career
Rareș Burnete is a youth international with Romania, having selected with the national under-18.
References
External links
2004 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Romania youth international footballers
Association football forwards
U.S. Lecce players
Serie B players
St. Patrick's Cathedral or Thunder Bay Cathedral is the Roman Catholic cathedral for the Diocese of Thunder Bay. It is situated on the corner of Donald and Archibald Streets in the city.
History
Origin
The cathedral was founded by the Society of Jesus. They set up the Immaculate Conception Mission (French: Mission de L'Immaculée Conception) for the Fort William First Nation. In July 1849 two French Jesuit missionaries, Fr Pierre Choné (1808-1879) and Fr Nicolas Frémiot (1818-1854) came to the area and started the mission. From there, St. Patrick's Church was one of many churches that was missioned to the First Nations in Northern Ontario, as well as St. Andrew's Church, which was handed over to the diocese in 1997.
Construction
St. Patrick's was built in 1892, the same year as Thunder Bay was incorporated as a town. The foundation stone was laid on 10 October 1891, and the first Mass was celebrated on 21 August 1892. The Jesuit parish priests made plans for the construction of an elementary school later that decade.
In Autumn 1924, the Jesuits handed over administration of the parish to the Diocese of Sault Sainte Marie.
Reconstruction
In 1952, the Diocese of Fort William was created and St. Patrick's became its cathedral. In 1970, the diocese was renamed and it became the Diocese of Thunder Bay. From 1955, plans were drawn up to build a new larger cathedral. Three plots of adjacent land was purchased for a total of $50,000. In September 1962, the old church was demolished. A year later, 15 September 1963, the foundation stone of the new cathedral was laid and a year after that, on 8 September 1964, the first Mass was celebrated.
Parish
There are three Sunday Masses at the cathedral. There is one at 5:00pm on Saturday evening and at 8:30am and 10:30am on Sunday morning. There are weekday Masses at 9:00am from Tuesday to Friday.
See also
Diocese of Thunder Bay
References
External links
St. Patrick's Cathedral site
Diocese of Thunder Bay site
Saint Patricks Cathedral
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Ontario
Roman Catholic churches in Ontario
Cathedral of Saint Patrick
Saint Patrick's Cathedral, Thunder Bay
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Canada
Emma Zielke (born 19 April 1988) is a retired Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Lions in the AFL Women's competition. She was the club's inaugural AFLW team captain, leading the club in 2017–2018 and 2020–2021.
Early life and state league football
Zielke was born and raised in Bundaberg, Queensland. She grew up a passionate Brisbane Broncos fan and played soccer from the age of 6. Following high school graduation, Zielke moved to Brisbane to pursue greater opportunities in soccer but quickly lost passion for the sport and tried her hand at Australian rules football after being convinced by friends to try the sport. She first played Aussie rules in 2008 at the age of 19 for her local club Morningside.
She was selected to participate in the women's AFL high-performance camp in 2010. As part of the program she played in a curtain-raiser exhibition match ahead of the round 12, 2010 AFL match between and . After the team at Morningside folded, Zielke approached the Coorparoo Football Club about establishing a women's team in 2013, to play in the AFL Queensland Women's League (QAWFL). She was the club's inaugural captain. In 2013, a broken arm forced Zielke to miss a considerable period of football, including a chance to play in the first women's AFL exhibition match. She returned to football late in the season and captained Coorparoo to a state-league premiership. She kicked a goal after the siren to win the game.
In 2014 and 2015, she captained her second and third consecutive QAWFL premierships, while also being awarded the league's best and fairest in both years. Zielke moved again in 2016, this time to the University of Queensland side competing again in the QAWFL. She was named in the league's team of the year at the conclusion of the season. In 2014, Zielke was drafted by ahead of the years women's AFL exhibition match. She was not retained after that year's match and would subsequently re-nominate for the draft in 2015. She was selected again, this time by the . She later played in and captained the Brisbane Lion's representative side in the 2016 exhibition series. Zielke has captained Queensland at three AFL Women's National Championships.
AFL Women's career
Zielke was signed as a priority access player by in August 2016, ahead of the inaugural AFL Women's season in 2017. She completed a reduced pre-season ahead of 2017, after breaking her foot in September 2016. Zielke was named the club's inaugural AFL Women's captain in January 2017.
Zielke was highlighted as "Player of the Week" for her round 3 performance in the 2017 AFL Women's season. It was the second round in a row that a Brisbane Lions player received this honor from the AFL Players Association. At the end of the season, Zielke was nominated by her teammates for the AFLW Players' Most Valuable Player Award, and was also listed in the 2017 40-player All-Australian squad.
On 17 May 2017, Brisbane announced they have signed Zielke for the 2018 season.
In April 2021, following Brisbane's 18-point Grand Final victory over Adelaide to claim the 2021 AFL Women's season premiership. The Emma Zielke Medal, the medal awarded to the best and fairest player in the AFL Queensland Women's League, was named after her in August 2021, due to her work in pioneering women's football in Queensland.
Personal life
Off-field, Zielke works as an admin support officer at the Brisbane Lions. She also has worked as an assistant coach of the Queensland under 18 youth girls team.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Brisbane Lions (AFLW) players
Australian rules footballers from Queensland
Sportswomen from Queensland
Sportspeople from Brisbane
Alfred Barye "Le Fils" or Alf Barye (Paris, France, 21 January 1839 – Paris, France, 1882) was a French sculptor, of the Belle Époque, pupil of his father the artist Antoine-Louis Barye. In cooperation with Émile-Coriolan Guillemin, Barye did the artwork for "The Arab Warrior Knight on Horseback". Included in Barye's oeuvre were animalier bronzes as well as Oriental subjects. At his father's request, he signed his work as "fils" to differentiate his work from his father's.
Early life
Alfred Barye was born in Paris, France, on 21 January 1839, the son of Antoine-Louis Barye. He learned his craft of animalier sculptor under the watchful eye of his father who was one of the original pioneers of animal sculpture in the mid-to-late 19th century. The younger Barye didn't always get along with his father; there were times when the two of them were not on speaking terms because until instructed not to do so, Barye was signing some of his bronzes as "A. Barye" which the senior Barye objected to because it created confusion as to which Barye, father or son, created the sculpture.
Career
He specialized in the animalier school in the production of bronze sculptures. Although a fine artist in his own right, he struggled to create his own identity living in the shadow of his more famous father. The vast majority of his pieces are signed "A. Barye, fils" while some are marked "Barye" or "A. Barye" which created some confusion – intentional or not – with those of his father. The majority of the sculptures leaving the Barye foundry were sand castings rather than lost-wax castings. Alfred Barye typically used mid-brown patinas but would sometimes add green (a color famously used by his father) and auburn-colored hues in the patination process. Any Barye bronze – by father or son – will generally have an exquisite patina. Antoine-Louis was particularly finicky with his patinas and would not allow other foundries to apply them, preferring to do it himself for appearance and quality control purposes. Alfred, too, would not let a sculpture leave his workshop without a perfectly applied and visually pleasing patina.
Alfred Barye did a production of bronze sculptures and focused his attention on race horses or horses on the move. Some of his well-known bronzes are The Arab Warrior Knight on Horseback (1890–1910, made in Paris, height 87 cm, width 61 cm, depth 30 cm, bronze).
Death and legacy
Barye died in Paris in 1882. He is known for the precision detail in his bronze sculptures, as shown in the pheasant sculpture (pictured right). Barye was known for great attention to detail on his bronzes. He produced a number of bird sculptures as well as genre figures. He received "honourable mention" honors in the 1897 Salon for the work Aide Fauconnier Indien, Retour de Chasse à la Gazelle. Alfred Barye's final submission at the Salon de Louvre was in 1882.
Museum
His bronzes are now in many museums collections:
Louvre Museum, Paris
Musée d'Orsay, Paris
Brooklyn Museum, New York City
Fogg Museum, Harvard Art Museums, Cambridge, Massachusetts
Busch–Reisinger Museum, Harvard Art Museums, Cambridge, Massachusetts
Arthur M. Sackler Museum, Harvard Art Museums, Cambridge, Massachusetts
São Paulo Museum of Modern Art, Brasil
The Israel Museum, Jerusalem, Israel
Exhibitions
Alfred Barye did several exhibitions in Paris from 1864 to 1882.
The Salon de Louvre Museum, Paris, 1864 through 1882
The racehorse Sir Walter Scott, 1865
Italian jester, 1882
Signature examples
See also
Equestrian statue
Antoine-Louis Barye, the father
Émile-Coriolan Guillemin
Animalier
Belle Époque
References
Bibliography
Patricia Janis Broder, Bronzes of the American West, H. N. Abrams, 1974
News, Volumi 29–30, Baltimore Museum of Art, 1967
Musée du Louvre. Département des sculptures, Françoise Baron, Corinne Jankowiak, Christine Vivet, Geneviève Bresc-Bautier, Isabelle Lemaistre, Guilhem Scherf, Jean-Charles Agboton-Jumeau, Sculpture française: Renaissance et temps modernes, Réunion des musées nationaux, 1998
Théophile Thoré, Les Salons: Salons de 1864–1868, H. Lamertin, 1893
Stanislas Lami, Dictionnaire des sculpteurs de l'École française, Volume 8, Champion, 1921
Dictionnaire universel des contemporains contenant toutes les ..., Volume 1, 1870
Musée du Louvre (Paris). Département des sculptures du Moyen Age, de la Renaissance et des temps modernes, Musée national du Louvre (Paris). Département des sculptures, Sculpture française, Réunion des musées nationaux, 1998
The Sculpture Journal, Volume 6, Public Monuments and Sculpture Association, 2001
The University of Rochester Library Bulletin, Volumi 38–43, University of Rochester Library, 1985
The São Paulo Collection: From Manet to Matisse, Mazzotta, 1989
Arlene Hirschfelder, Paulette F. Molin, Yvonne Wakim, American Indian Stereotypes in the World of Children: A Reader and Bibliography
Fogg Art Museum Handbooks, Editions 4, Harvard University, 1983
Pierre Kjellberg, Les Bronzes du XIXe Siècle, 1986, (p. 369, "the Arab warrior knight on horseback")
Eleonora Luciano, William U. Eiland, Georgia Museum of Art, Animals in bronze: the Michael and Mary Erlanger collection of animailer bronzes, Georgia Museum of Art, University of Georgia, 1996
Elisabeth Hardouin-Fugier, Le peintre et l'animal en France au XIXe siècle, Éditions de l'Amateur, 2001
Harold Berman, Bronzes; Sculptors & Founders, 1800–1930, Volume 2, Abage, 1976
Yves Devaux, L'univers des bronzes et des fontes ornementales: chefs-d'œuvre et curiosités, 1850–1920, Éditions Pygmalion, 1978
Arts Magazine, Volume 17, Art Digest Incorporated, 1942
Théophile Thoré, 1864–1868
External links
"Antique Arabian Horse Sculptures", part II, Judith Wich-Wenning, Tutto Arabi Magazine, p.174-176, www.tuttoarabi.com
A patinated bronze figure of a horse in the manner of Alfred Louis Barye late 19th century height 23 3/4 in. 60.5 cm, Paris. The model is closely related to the celebrated Cheval Turc created by the master French animalier in 1857, price realized 6,250 USD, 22 October 2014, Sothebys New York
Rhinoceros, bronze, rich green and brown patina, 9.7 by 14.9cm., 3¾ by 6in., price realized 7000 GBP, 04 December 2013, Sothebys London
Equine artists
1839 births
1882 deaths
Animal artists
Sculptors from Paris
Members of the Académie des beaux-arts
19th-century French sculptors
French male sculptors
French orientalists
19th-century French male artists
Belle Époque
John Joce (fl. 1390–1399) was an English landowner and cloth merchant. He held the manor of Great Wenden, Essex.
Joce was one of the two Members of the Parliament of England for Maldon in January 1390, January 1397, and 1399, at a time when parliamentary sessions were short.
References
14th-century births
Year of death missing
English MPs January 1390
Members of Parliament for Maldon
English MPs January 1397
English MPs 1399
This article lists rosters and transactions during the 2022 T1 League off-season and the 2022–23 T1 League season.
Front office movements
Head coaching changes
Off-season
General manager changes
Off-season
Draft
There were 44 players participated in the draft, and 14 players were chosen in 3 rounds.
Trades
Pre-Season Transactions
See also
2022–23 Kaohsiung Aquas season
2022–23 New Taipei CTBC DEA season
2022–23 Taichung Wagor Suns season
2022–23 Tainan TSG GhostHawks season
2022–23 TaiwanBeer HeroBears season
2022–23 Taoyuan Leopards season
References
External links
2022–23 T1 League season
Anton Boucher is a former professional strongman competitor from Namibia. Anton was a finalist in the 1994 World's Strongest Man at just 21 years of age. He began competing in 1992 and won many titles as a junior. Allegedly, Anton could press 250 lb overhead at the age of 14.
References
Living people
South African strength athletes
Namibian strength athletes
1973 births
Ghattamaneni Ramesh Babu (13 October 1965 – 8 January 2022) was an Indian actor and film producer, who was known for his work in Telugu cinema. Babu made his on screen debut with the film Alluri Seetharama Raju in 1974. He acted in over 15 films before retiring from acting in 1997. In 2004, he became a producer and established Krishna Productions Private Ltd, a film production company named after his father. He produced films like Arjun and Athidhi, both of which had his brother Mahesh Babu in leading role. One of his last roles was as a presenter for the 2011 film Dookudu.
Early life
Ramesh Babu was born on 13 October 1965 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu to prominent Telugu film actor Krishna and his first wife Indira Devi. He is the first born to his parents. He has three younger sisters, actress-producer Manjula Ghattamaneni, Padmavathi and Priyadarshini and one younger brother, Mahesh Babu a prominent actor in Telugu Cinema.
Career
Acting career
In 1977, Ramesh Babu ventured into films as a child actor at the age of 12 with his father's film Manushulu Chesina Dongalu. After two years, at the age of 14, he was cast in a vital role in the film Needa, which was directed by Dasari Narayana Rao. The film also had his four-year-old brother, Mahesh Babu in a small role. After that, he took a brief hiatus from acting. In 1987, he made his comeback as a lead actor with the film Samraat, directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao. The film had Sonam paired alongside Ramesh and Sharada in a vital role. In 1988, he was seen in films such as Jandhyala's Chinni Krishnudu, A. Kodandarami Reddy's Bazaar Rowdy and in Kaliyuga Karnudu and Mugguru Kodukulu, both directed by his father. Mugguru Kodukulu also had his father and brother acting alongside him. Bazaar Rowdy became a blockbuster and giving Ramesh his first success as a solo hero. In 1989, he was seen in Dasari Narayana Rao's Black Tiger and V. Madhusudhan Rao's Krishna Gaari Abbayi. In 1990, he was seen in K. Murali Mohan Rao's Ayudham and S. S. Ravichandra's Kaliyuga Abhimanyudu. In 1991, he was seen in Naa Ille Naa Swargam, also starring his father. In 1993, he once again collaborated with Dasari Narayana Rao for the film Maama Kodalu and was also seen in Anna Chellelu opposite Aamani. In 1994, he was seen for the last time in a leading role in the film Pacha Thoranam. The film was directed by Adurthi Saibhaskar and had Rambha acting opposite Ramesh. In 1997, he was seen in a supporting role in N. Shankar's Encounter.
Film producer
In 2004, Ramesh Babu established a film production company named Krishna Productions Private Ltd in Hyderabad. He named the company after his father and ventured into film production with the film Arjun. Directed by Gunasekhar and starring his brother Mahesh Babu, Shriya Saran, Keerthi Reddy, Raja, Prakash Raj and Saritha, the film was successful at the box office and completed its 100-day theatrical run in 6 centres. His production house was praised for the 40 million worth Meenakshi Amman Temple set that was built by Thotta Tharani for the film. His next production venture was Athidhi. Directed by Surender Reddy, the film once again had his brother Mahesh Babu in lead role. Amrita Rao was paired opposite Mahesh and Murali Sharma in a negative role. For Athidhi, Ramesh Babu's production house collaborated with UTV Motion Pictures to produce the film. This was the first time a corporate company entered into Telugu film production. The film opened to negative reviews and failed at the box office. In 2011, he was seen as a presenter for the film Dookudu.
Personal life and death
Ramesh Babu died from the effects of liver disease on 8 January 2022, at the age of 56.
Filmography
As actor
As producer
References
External links
1965 births
2022 deaths
20th-century Indian male actors
21st-century Indian male actors
Telugu male actors
Male actors in Telugu cinema
Indian male film actors
Male actors from Hyderabad, India
Film producers from Hyderabad, India
Male actors from Chennai
Telugu film producers
Hindi film producers
Indian male child actors
Deaths from liver disease
Alain Carminati (born 17 August 1966 in Champagnole, France) is a French former international rugby union and rugby league footballer. He played as a Flanker and Number 8.
He earned his first cap with the French national team on 23 October 1986 against Romania at Bucharest. He was called for the 1987 Rugby World Cup, where France was runners-up to New Zealand.
Honours
French Champions: 1993 with Castres
.
.
French Cup: 1986 with AS Béziers
Coupe Latine: 1995
Five Nations Championship: 1988 and 1989
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
French rugby league players
French rugby union players
France international rugby union players
XIII Catalan players
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union number eights
RC Narbonne players
CA Brive players
AS Béziers Hérault players
Castres Olympique players
Sportspeople from Jura (department)
Sir Charles Alexander Cameron, CB (16 July 1830 – 27 February 1921) was an Irish physician, chemist and writer prominent in the adoption of medical hygiene. For over fifty years he had charge of the Public Health Department of Dublin Corporation. He was elected President of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (RCSI) in 1885.
Early life and education
Cameron was born 1830 in Dublin, Ireland, the son of Captain Ewen Cameron of Scotland and Belinda Smith of County Cavan. He was descended from Clan Cameron of Lochiel.
He received his early education in chemistry and pharmaceutical chemistry in Dublin. In 1852 he was elected professor to the newly founded Dublin Chemical Society, while continuing to study medicine at several schools and hospitals in Dublin. In 1854 he went to Germany where he graduated in philosophy and medicine. While there he published his translations of German poems and songs.
In 1862, he married Lucie Macnamara of Dublin.
Medical career
Upon his return to Ireland he became scientific advisor to the British government in Ireland in criminal cases and over the years took part in many notable trials, including those relating to the Phoenix Park Murders. In 1862, he became public analyst for the City of Dublin, which position was later extended to 23 counties in Ireland. In 1867, he was elected Professor of Hygiene in the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland (RCSI). He was also lecturer in chemistry in Dr Steevens' Hospital and the Ledwich School of Medicine, succeeding Dr. Maxwell Simpson, and retained these positions until 1874. In 1875 he was appointed Professor of Chemistry in the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland.
From 1858 to 1863, he was editor and part proprietor of the Agricultural Review, in which he wrote hundreds of articles on various subjects. In 1860–62, he was also editor of the Dublin Hospital Gazette and afterwards published many reports upon public health to the Dublin Journal of Medical Science. At this time he was in contact with many agricultural associations both in Ireland and abroad and received a number of awards and tributes.
In 1874, he became Co-Medical Officer of Health for Dublin Corporation and two years later became Chief Medical Officer. Being in charge of the Public Health Department of Dublin City meant that he was always in the public eye, and due to the level of poverty and disease in the city at the time his work was cut out for him. He made many recommendations for improving the sanitation of dwellings and saw to it that unsanitary housing was either improved or closed down. He published numerous sanitary reports, papers on hygiene, the social life of the very poor and proper eating habits, those of the very poor in particular. On the other hand, he was in a position to meet the major figures of the day, from the monarchy and the government downwards. He was a member of several clubs in the city and dined with local and visiting celebrities alike, which he described in his reminiscences.
In 1884 he became vice-president of the Royal College of Surgeons of Ireland, and the following year became president. He was knighted in 1885 in consideration of "his scientific researches, and his services in the cause of public health". In 1886, he published his History of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, and of the Irish Schools of Medicine. This work contains nearly 300 biographies of the most eminent medical men Ireland.
Later life
He was a leading Freemason in Dublin. In 1911 he was made a Freeman of the city and honoured by many from the Sinn Féin Lord Mayor, Alderman Kelly, to the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Aberdeen.
He died at his home on Raglan Road in Dublin on 27 February 1921 and was interred in Mount Jerome Cemetery.
At his death he left a son, Ernest Stuart Cameron, and two daughters, Lucie Gerrard and Helena Stanley; his eldest son, Captain Charles J. Cameron, died in a boating accident in Athlone in 1913, while another son, Lieutenant Ewen Henry Cameron, shot himself in a train in Newcastle in 1915 while on the way to the Western Front. Two sons, Edwin and Mervyn, died of pulmonary tuberculosis in their 20s.
Arms
Works
Reminiscences of Sir Charles A. Cameron, CB, 1913
History of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, and of the Irish Schools of Medicine 1886
See also
Hygiene
References
External links
Irish knights
Irish writers
Irish public health doctors
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Knights Bachelor
Medical doctors from Dublin (city)
Burials at Mount Jerome Cemetery and Crematorium
19th-century Irish people
1830 births
1921 deaths
Presidents of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland
Irish people of Scottish descent
Yasmine d'Ouezzan (born 9 January 1913 in Saint-Étienne, France, died 11 January 1997 in Paris, France) was a French carom billiards player. D'Ouezzan was the first woman to win the women's French Billiards championship in 1932.
References
1913 births
1997 deaths
French sportswomen
Female cue sports players
20th-century French women
Holler Blues refers to blues songs that are sung in the holler style, or the field holler style. Field hollers are also referred to as whoopings, arhoolies, and hollers. They began as vocal communications among slaves on plantations, which were not expressed by a group but by individuals. Hollers were used to communicate feelings or messages, and, as Frederick Douglass has written, were often melancholic and marked by vocal gymnastics. As the holler became rare, it's aesthetic and qualities live on in blues songs.
References
Blues music genres
The streaked scrub warbler (Scotocerca inquieta), also known simply as the scrub warbler, is a small passerine bird. It is the only species placed in the genus Scotocerca. It is found in northern Africa and south-western Asia. It is a bird of desert fringes, frequenting scrubby areas, ravines and gorges, and is mainly resident, although local movements can occur outside the breeding season.
The genus is placed in its own family Scotocercidae. Some taxonomic authorities expand the family to include the closely-related Cettiidae and Erythrocercidae.
Taxonomy
The streaked scrub warbler was formally described and illustrated in 1830 by the German physician Philipp Jakob Cretzschmar under the binomial name Malurus inquietus. This species is now the only bird placed in the genus Scotocerca that was introduced in 1872 by the Swedish zoologist Carl Jakob Sundevall with the streaked scrub warbler as the type species. The genus name Scotocerca combines the Ancient Greek skotos meaning "dark" or "darkness" (from skotoō "to darken") with kerkos meaning "tail". The specific inquieta is from Latin inquietus meaning "restless". The genus is placed in its own family Scotocercidae that was introduced in 2012 by Silke Fregin and collaborators.
The streaked scrub warbler was formerly sometimes placed in the family Cisticolidae. David Winkler and colleagues include this species in an enlarged family Scotocercidae that includes the families Cettiidae and Erythrocercidae.
Eight subspecies are recognised:
S. i. theresae Meinertzhagen R, 1939 – Mauritania, southwest and central Morocco
S. i. saharae (Loche, 1858) – east Morocco to Libya
S. i. inquieta (Cretzschmar, 1830) – northeast Egypt to northwest Arabia
S. i. grisea Bates, 1936 – west Saudi Arabia, east Yemen and Oman
S. i. buryi Ogilvie-Grant, 1902 – south Saudi Arabia and west Yemen
S. i. montana Stepanyan, 1970 – Iran, south Turkmenistan, south Tajikistan and Afghanistan
S. i. platyura (Severtsov, 1873) – Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, north Turkmenistan and southwest Tajikistan
S. i. striata (Brooks W.E., 1872) – south-central Iraq, south Iran and Pakistan
Some authorities split the streaked scrub warbler into two species, the Saharan scrub warbler (Scotocerca saharae, including subspecies theresae) and the Levant scrub warbler (Scotocerca inquieta, including all other subspecies), an approach which has been followed in the most recent version of the Collins Bird Guide.
Description
The streaked scrub warbler is a small, skulking desert warbler which cocks its tail over its back. The adults are grey brown above, finely streaked with dark brown. They have a broad pale supercilium and a thin black eyestripe. The underparts are whitish with reddish flanks and vent, the breast is finely streaked. The tail is graduated and dark brown with a white tip. Juveniles are duller.
The song of the streaked scrub warbler is distinctive and is rendered as "''zit-zit dweedle-doolredle-doleed"
Distribution and habitat
The streaked scrub warbler is a bird of open desert with a sparse cover of scrub, especially wadi beds with a denser cover than the surrounding desert, as well as scree areas with bushes in ravines and gorges.
Behaviour
Breeding
The streaked scrub warbler nests in low scrub up to 1.5m above the ground, the nest is a domed structure made of grass and twigs and lined with feathers, fur and plant down. It has 1-2 side entrances, and if there is a second it is used only as an exit. The clutch size averages 3–5 but varies from 2–5, incubation is roughly two weeks with another two weeks before the young fledge.
Food and feeding
Its main food is insects but it will also eat seeds which may be very important in winter. It forages on the ground, fossicking through leaf litter and other debris under bushes, and into cavities but will also feed up in the vegetation at times.
Status
The streaked scrub warbler has a very wide range and is scarce in some places and common in others. No particular threats have been identified and the population is believed to be steady or declining slightly. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
External links
Recordings of the streaked scrub warbler at Xeno-Canto
streaked scrub warbler
Birds of North Africa
Birds of the Middle East
Birds of Central Asia
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of Pakistan
streaked scrub warbler
streaked scrub warbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Frederic Woodman Root (13 June 1846, Boston – 8 November 1916, Chicago) was an American composer, choir conductor, organist, adjudicator and music teacher.
Early life and education
Root was the son of George Frederick Root, who was known for composing Civil War songs. He studied music under BC Blodgett, William Mason, James Flint and Robert Goldbeck, and studied singing in New York City with Carlo Bassini and Luigi Vannuccini from Florence. From 1869 to 1870 he undertook a study tour of Europe.
Career
Root composed songs, cantatas, an operetta, and other works, including many for use in singing and piano lessons. He wrote articles and essays for much music related publications. Root was the editor of the periodical Song Messenger for several years.
Root became a singing teacher, and published several textbooks for singing lessons, including The Pacific Glee Book with James R. Murray, The School of Singing, and Root's New Course in Voice Culture and Singing.
Root gave lectures to promote his teaching methods and opinions about music in general. In one of his speeches he characterized African American gospel songs as "developed from the formless and untutored sounds of savage people... being hardly developed to the point at which they might be called music".
References
External links
PD Music: The Music of Frederic Woodman Root (Short biography, works and writings)
Virtual American Biographies - George Frederick Root
Frederic Woodman Root at WorldCat
American male composers
American composers
Music educators
1846 births
1926 deaths
Viens may refer to:
Viens, Vaucluse, a commune in the department of Vaucluse in France
Viens (surname)
Viens, album by Ève Angeli
Viens, 1997 album by Fēlikss Ķiģelis
"Viens", song by Danyel Gérard
See also
Vein (disambiguation)
"Eternal Lover" may refer to:
Music
"Eternal Lover", a 2004 music single by American singer CeCe Peniston
"My Eternal Lover", a 1998 song by Indonesian extreme metal band Kekal
Literature
Eternal Lover, a 2008 fantasy anthology by American writers Jackie Kessler, Richelle Mead and Hannah Howell
Lover Eternal, a 2006 book of a paranormal romance Black Dagger Brotherhood series by American writer Jessica Bird
The Eternal Lover, a 1925 fantasy-adventure novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs
A Hell of a Time, Eternal Lover, a 2008 dark paranormal book series by Kessler, see Hell on Earth
Others
Papaver rhoeas, a herbaceous species of flowering plant in the poppy family, often referred to as "Eternal lover flower" in Persian literature.
The fourth season of The Great Australian Bake Off premiered on 18 January 2018. The series moved from Lifestyle Food to the main LifeStyle channel.
The Bakers
The following is the list of the bakers that are competing this season:
Results summary
Colour key:
Episodes
Episode 1: Cakes
Episode 2: Bread
Episode 3: Biscuits
Episode 4: Family Favourites
Episode 5: Pastry
Episode 6: Batter
Episode 7: Desserts
Episode 8: British
Episode 9: Celebrations
Episode 10: Final
Ratings
References
2018 Australian television seasons
4
The 1965–66 Detroit Red Wings season saw the Red Wings finish in fourth place in the National Hockey League (NHL) with a record of 31 wins, 27 losses, and 12 ties for 74 points. They defeated the Chicago Black Hawks in six games in the semi-finals before falling to the Montreal Canadiens in the Stanley Cup Final, also in six games. The Red Wings would not appear in the Final again until the 1995 Final.
Offseason
Regular season
Final standings
Record vs. opponents
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Playoffs
Scoring
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus-minus PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals;
MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts;
Playoffs
Draft picks
Detroit's draft picks at the 1965 NHL Amateur Draft held at the Queen Elizabeth Hotel in Montreal, Quebec.
Awards and honors
References
Red Wings on Hockey Database
Detroit
Detroit
Detroit Red Wings seasons
Detroit Red Wings
Detroit Red Wings
Goods of Desire () commonly known as G.O.D., is a lifestyle design and retail brand based in Hong Kong. Founded in 1996 by Douglas Young and Benjamin Lau, the brand is known for their tongue-in-cheek interpretation of Hong Kong design and culture. The English name 'G.O.D.' is a homophonic translation of the Cantonese "住好啲" (jyu hou di) , which roughly translates as "to live better".
At the end of 2019, there are eight store locations in Hong Kong. The company also sells products wholesale or brand-license to boutiques or department stores in cities such as London, Amsterdam, New York, Los Angeles, Sydney, Shanghai, Taiwan and Singapore.
History
Architects by training, co-founders Douglas Young and Benjamin Lau wanted to do a lifestyle and home accessories store, with an aim to design and manufacture the products instead of shipping Chinese goods made in the West. They launched G.O.D. with their first store in an Ap Lei Chau warehouse (closed 2014) in 1996. Within two years, other locations followed including on Hollywood Road in Central, Tsim Sha Tsui (closed 2012). The Hollywood Road store is now their flagship and is home to the famous Instagram mural done in collaboration with street artist, Alex Croft in 2012.
In 2001, G.O.D. opened its 20,000 square foot flagship store at Leighton Centre (closed 2013) in Causeway Bay, as well as lifestyle mall 'Delay No Mall', also in Causeway Bay in 2008.
In 2008, the company introduced a 'Hong Kong Street Culture Gallery' at the Jockey Club Creative Arts Centre in Shek Kip Mei, Kowloon, also the location of their design studio and office. The studio remains at this location thought the Gallery is closed. In 2009, G.O.D. opened at The Peak Galleria (closed 2015) and in Stanley Plaza and Sai Kung in 2011. In July 2012, they expanded overseas and opened a 6,000 square foot flagship store (closed 2015) in Singapore's historical riverside Clarke Quay. In 2014, G.O.D. became an anchor tenant in PMQ (closed 2020), the historic heritage building turned creative hub in Soho and in the same year returned to Causeway Bay (closed end of 2019).
In 2015, G.O.D. expanded in Asia once again by opening three stores in Taiwan (closed 2017) and two pop-up stores in Hong Kong - one at the Hong Kong International Airport in the Departures Hall and the other in Lab Concept (closed 2020) in Admiralty . In the beginning of 2016, G.O.D. opened a store in the MH Mall in Shenzhen, China (closed 2019).
G.O.D. opened their second Hong Kong International Airport store in 2018 along with a store in the Hong Kong station (near Exit E / Tung Chung MTR line).
Concept
Taking inspiration from both the condensed urban centres and rural environments of Asia, G.O.D. is influenced by the concept of the eastern lifestyle as an alternative to the western way of living. The idea of such a cultural contradiction is especially prevalent in a city like Hong Kong, a city that boasts a modernised way of life combined with traditional Chinese practices. Young wanted to build a brand based on traditional images of Hong Kong and believes that "the most successful brands tend to incorporate national identity. Not many Hong Kong brands actually feel very Hong Kong. I want to do something different: to give ourselves some pride and some respect. Some of our signature items have a quirky Hong Kong feel – they are unmistakable."
Young also said in an interview with Hong Kong Trade Development Council that "I'm trying to push Hong Kong traditions, to make the ordinary and mundane into something extraordinary. When I hear people saying 'wow' about my products, it's great because it shows Hong Kong's flexibility." The intention is to provide 'something desirable' that the customers 'have not even imagined before'.
Products
G.O.D.'s core range of lifestyle products are designed in-house, and their product range consists mostly of fashion, home accessories and premium gifts. The designs and prints are inspired by old and new aspects of Hong Kong culture, including products themed with Chinese "Double Happiness" characters, newspaper classifieds, retro local product packaging, 1950s advertisements, old letter boxes. Such products include "Bishop" and "Rook" bean bags, inspired by Chinese chess and pencil case in the design of old-school Chinese ballet flats.
In 2003, the company introduced its trademark slogan, "Delay No More". The phrase is a homophonic translation of the Cantonese profanity díu néih lóuh móuh (屌你老母) "fuck your mother", but in English it is a call to action; and it is emblazoned on T-shirts and other products.
Crossover projects
Starbucks
In June 2009, G.O.D. collaborated with Starbucks to create a store with a "Bing Sutt Corner" at their outlet on Duddell Street in Central. It is a concept that fuses the retro Bing Sutt, a Hong Kong teahouse, style with the contemporary look of a coffeehouse. The coffee company states that, "This very unique Starbucks store has been built as a collaborative project with the quintessential Hong Kong brand G.O.D. (Goods of Desire). It is a celebration of Hong Kong's roots and spirit".
Rugby Sevens
For the 2012 Hong Kong Sevens, G.O.D. teamed up with sportswear brand Kukri Sports to produce merchandising for the tournament. The products, carried the specially designed "Kukri x G.O.D." logo, which featured elements of the original Hong Kong flag, and ranged from polo shirts, traditional Chinese jackets, boxers, Cheongsam-inspired ladies polo, messenger and tote bags. A percentage of sales went to the Foodlink Foundation, supported by both companies.
Cathay Pacific
Starting in October 2012, Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific introduced a new range of amenity kits for Premium economy passagers, designed by G.O.D. The kits were designed as collectible with each bag being able to hook onto each other to form a wall-hanging accessory. The first two available were 'Joy' and 'Fortune', with designs that depict Chinese gods relaxing in-flight and of auspicious clouds respectively. They include 90% recycled plastic bottles and toothbrush made mainly from biodegradable corn starch and cellulose. Since then, G.O.D. has designed two bags every six months for the Cathay Pacific.
Maxim's
From 2009 to 2014, G.O.D. collaborated with powerhouse Hong Kong bakery, Maxim's, to design mooncakes for the Chinese Mid-autumn festival. They came up with presenting the traditional treats in the shape of bottoms in eight different designs, but still filled with traditional white lotus seed paste and salted yolks.
In 2013, G.O.D. debuted the wildly popular Mahjong Box Pineapple Cake Gift Box, which were all snapped up within days of its debut. The Majong Box Pineapple Cake Gift Box was jointly created by Goods of Desire and Mei-Xin Fine Goods in Hong Kong.
Exhibition
In September 2012, the brand in co-operation with Sino Art, held The Street Market Symphony Exhibition at Olympian City, their first solo art exhibition in a shopping mall. The exhibition used multi-media installations housed in large red lampshades, the iconic representation of Hong Kong's wet markets.
From 2010 to 2014, Young and G.O.D. designed the Club Lounge at Art HK followed by its successor, Art Basel Hong Kong, highlighting the icons of Hong Kong culture. The first year featured the Copper Towers
Controversy
In 2007, Young and seventeen employees were taken in by police for selling T-shirts bearing the logo '14K', the name of one of the city's triad crime syndicates. "Police claimed the shop had broken a section of an 1845 anti-triad law called the Societies Ordinance, which allows for the arrest of any person in possession of 'any books, accounts, writing, lists of members, seals, banners or insignia of or relating to any triad society.' Triad members still often carry such insignia – usually worn on the backs of shirts – that they show to shopkeepers in exchange for protection money."
Authorities "confiscated 88 shirts and more than 500 postcards printed with a '14K' logo – with the numbers written in Chinese characters – from the store's five offices and warehouse located in Central, Causeway Bay, Tsim Sha Tsui and Yuen Long." Young states that "[It] was all a misunderstanding and the shirts were actually referring to 14-karat gold". The 18 employees, including Young, were released the next day, and "their 14K T-shirts, are now collector's items", according to CNN Travel.
References
External links
Retail companies of Hong Kong
Hong Kong brands
1996 establishments in Hong Kong
In computational group theory, a black box group (black-box group) is a group G whose elements are encoded by bit strings of length N, and group operations are performed by an oracle (the "black box"). These operations include:
• taking a product g·h of elements g and h,
• taking an inverse g−1 of element g,
• deciding whether g = 1.
This class is defined to include both the permutation groups and the matrix groups. The upper bound on the order of G given by |G| ≤ 2N shows that G is finite.
Applications
The black box groups were introduced by Babai and Szemerédi in 1984. They were used as a formalism for (constructive) group recognition and property testing. Notable algorithms include the Babai's algorithm for finding random group elements, the Product Replacement Algorithm, and testing group commutativity.
Many early algorithms in CGT, such as the Schreier–Sims algorithm, require a permutation representation of a group and thus are not black box. Many other algorithms require finding element orders. Since there are efficient ways of finding the order of an element in a permutation group or in a matrix group (a method for the latter is described by Celler and Leedham-Green in 1997), a common recourse is to assume that the black box group is equipped with a further oracle for determining element orders.
See also
Implicit graph
Matroid oracle
Notes
References
Derek F. Holt, Bettina Eick, Eamonn A. O'Brien, Handbook of computational group theory, Discrete Mathematics and its Applications (Boca Raton). Chapman & Hall/CRC, Boca Raton, Florida, 2005.
Ákos Seress, Permutation group algorithms, Cambridge Tracts in Mathematics, vol. 152, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, 2003. .
Computational group theory
Finite groups
Lieutenant-General James FitzGerald, 1st Duke of Leinster, PC (Ire) (29 May 1722 – 19 November 1773), styled Lord Offaly until 1743 and known as The Earl of Kildare between 1743 and 1761 and as The Marquess of Kildare between 1761 and 1766, was an Anglo-Irish nobleman, soldier and politician.
Background
Leinster was the son of Robert FitzGerald, 19th Earl of Kildare, and Lady Mary, daughter of William O'Brien, 3rd Earl of Inchiquin.
Career
Leinster was a member of the Irish House of Commons for Athy from 1741 before succeeding his father as 20th Earl of Kildare in 1743. He was sworn of the Irish Privy Council in 1746 and in 1747, on the occasion of his marriage (see below), he was created Viscount Leinster, of Taplow in the County of Buckingham, in the Peerage of Great Britain, and took his seat in the British House of Lords that same year. From 1749 to 1755 he was one of the leaders of the Popular Party in Ireland, and served as the country's Master-General of the Ordnance between 1758 and 1766, becoming Colonel of the Royal Irish Artillery in 1760. He was promoted to Major-General in 1761 and to Lieutenant-General in 1770.
In 1761 Lord Kildare was created Earl of Offaly and Marquess of Kildare in the Peerage of Ireland and in 1766 he was further honoured when he was made Duke of Leinster, becoming by this time the Premier Duke, Marquess and Earl in the Peerage of Ireland.
Family
Leinster married the 15-year-old Lady Emily Lennox (6 October 1731 – London, 27 March 1814), daughter of Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond and one of the famous Lennox Sisters, in London on 7 February 1747. She was a great-granddaughter of King Charles II and was therefore a distant fifth cousin of King George III (both of them were descended from King James VI and I). The couple had nineteen children:
George FitzGerald, Earl of Offaly (15 January 1748 – Richmond House, 26 September 1765).
William FitzGerald, 2nd Duke of Leinster (Arlington Place, Piccadilly, London, 12 March 1749 – Carton House, Kildare, 20 October 1804).
Lady Caroline FitzGerald (1750 – 1754).
Lady Emily Mary FitzGerald (15 March 1751 – 8 April 1818), married Charles Coote, 1st Earl of Bellomont and Baron Coote of Coolony. The couple had five children, one son who died young (born 1776) and four daughters. Emily died in Penzance, Cornwall in 1818 after a lingering illness.
Lady Henrietta FitzGerald (1753 – 1763).
Lady Caroline FitzGerald (born and died 1755).
Charles FitzGerald, 1st Baron Lecale (30 June 1756 – 30 June 1810).
Lady Charlotte Mary Gertrude FitzGerald (29 May 1758 – 13 September 1836), married Joseph Strutt and was made first Baroness Rayleigh. Had issue.
Lady Louisa Bridget FitzGerald (1760 – 1765).
Lord Henry FitzGerald (30 July 1761 – 8 July 1829), general; married Charlotte Boyle and had issue, who take by inheritance the surname "de Ros".
Lady Sophia Sarah Mary FitzGerald (1762 – 21 March 1845).
Lord Edward FitzGerald (15 October 1763 – 4 June 1798), revolutionary and prominent leader of the United Irishmen during the 1798 rising.
Lord Robert Stephen FitzGerald (1765 – 2 January 1833), a diplomat; married Sophia Charlotte Fielding and had issue.
Lord Gerald FitzGerald (January 1766 – 1788). Drowned, went down with the ship in which he was serving.
Lord Augustus FitzGerald (1767 – 1771).
Lady Fanny FitzGerald (1770 – 1775).
Lady Lucy Anne FitzGerald (1771 – 1851), who took part in the Irish Rebellion of 1798. She was married to Admiral Sir Thomas Foley, who served with distinction under Lord Nelson. They had no children.
Lady Louisa FitzGerald (1772 – 1776).
Lord George Simon FitzGerald (16 April 1773 – 1783). Recognized as a son of Lord Kildare, but was in fact the biological son of his brother's tutor, William Ogilvie.
Leinster died at Leinster House, Dublin, in November 1773, aged 51, and was buried in the city's Christ Church Cathedral. He was succeeded by his second (but eldest surviving) son, William, Marquess of Kildare. The Duchess of Leinster caused a minor sensation by marrying her lover William Ogilvie in 1774, but continued to be known as The Dowager Duchess of Leinster. She had a further three children by him. She died in London in March 1814, aged 82.
Popular culture
In 1999, Irish Screen, BBC America and WGBH produced Aristocrats, a six-part limited television series based on the lives of Emily Lennox and her sisters. Leinster was portrayed by Ben Daniels.
Ancestry
References
Pedigree of the 1st Duke of Leinster
James
1722 births
1773 deaths
Irish MPs 1727–1760
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Kildare constituencies
Politicians from County Kildare
Politicians from County Dublin
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Dukes of Leinster (1766)
Peers of Great Britain created by George II
Barons Offaly
Ilias P. Kasidiaris (; born 30 November 1980) is a Greek politician, former member of the Greek parliament, former spokesperson and convicted criminal as one of the leaders of the far-right party Golden Dawn. He is currently serving a 13-year prison sentence in Athens, Greece.
In May 2020 he founded the party Greeks for the Fatherland.
Early and personal life
Ilias Kasidiaris was born on 29 November 1980 in Piraeus, Greece.
Kasidiaris' father, Panagiotis Kasidiaris, is a retired doctor while his mother is a teacher in philology with a specialization in archaeology. As a child he was attracted to gymnastics, martial arts, writing and history. For many years, he had been taking dance classes, including tango.
During his military service, he served in the 1st Raider/Paratrooper Brigade and more specifically in the 35MK Raider Squadron in Cyprus. He holds a degree in agriculture with a speciality in food chemistry from the Agricultural University of Athens.
Anti-mosque protest
Kasidiaris was present at an anti-mosque protest in Athens on 4 November 2016. The protest centred around the SYRIZA government's state funded mosque build that used Greek Navy land and state financing for its construction. This has received negative publicity both home across the political spectrum, and was reported abroad, as the government were cutting back public spending on Greek citizen who are predominately (over 98%) Greek Orthodox Christians. However both the government and opposition supported the construction of the first mosque in Athens despite general negativity within the parties due to the financial and constitutional implications.
Controversies
In May 2012, Kasidiaris, on an interview conducted by Nikos Evangelatos on Skai TV, when asked about his opinion of Adolf Hitler, he declined to condemn him and stated that "his role in history will be judged in time", and stated again his stance against immigrants in Greece.
Kasidiaris quoted The Protocols of the Elders of Zion in a 23 October 2012 speech to parliament. Defending himself in a discussion of whether to lift his parliamentary immunity over his assault of Kanelli, he quoted the passage, "In order to destroy the prestige of heroism we shall send them for trial in the category of theft, murder and every kind of abominable and filthy crime." Kasidiaris, as well as two of his Golden Dawn colleagues, had their immunities stripped by a unanimous vote of the parliament.
In mid-2013, while in the parliament, Kasidiaris implied that he and other members of parliament were Holocaust deniers.
Οn 17 September 2013, Kasidiaris and a number of other Golden Dawn lawmakers were arrested on 28 September 2013 on charges of belonging to a criminal organisation and are due to appear in court. The charge sheet includes murder, extortion, and involvement in the disappearance of up to 100 migrants.
On 2 October 2013, Ilias Kasidiaris was released on a 50,000 euro bail.
On 2 April 2014, Takis Baltakos and Ilias Kasidiaris were recorded on video discussing the incarceration of Golden Dawn lawmakers. Takis Baltakos, Samaras's most trusted adviser and chief of staff was filmed accusing Samaras of instigating a judicial inquiry against the Golden Dawn party for political gain. That week parliament voted to lift the immunity from prosecution of five Golden Dawn deputies. Justice Minister Athanasiou and Citizen Protection Minister Dendias were implicated in the video. Baltakos was forced to resign but then revealed that New Democracy and Golden Dawn has an informal alliance, with parliamentary voting support. The pre-trial detention and house arrest ahead of a trial was the most significant mass round-up of lawmakers since the military coup in 1967.
On 10 July 2014, Kasidiaris was taken into custody in Koridalos prison, on a charge of weapons possession with the intent to supply a criminal organisation.
On 1 July 2015, Kasidiaris was released from custody after the council of appeals courts judges deemed that "the legal weight" of the offense was not adequate to justify detention. Kasidiaris must report regularly to his local police station and under the conditions of his release is not allowed to visit Golden Dawns political offices.
On 15 July 2015, during rancorous debates in the Greek parliament on the passing of various bills required as a precursor to the commencement on negotiations to receive a third bailout of the Greek economy, footage of Kasidiaris tearing up papers during an impassioned speech made news reports around the world.
On 7 October 2020, Kasidiaris was found guilty of running a criminal organization along with other members of Golden Dawn.
Televised Dourou–Kanelli assault
On 7 June 2012, during a television appearance on ANT1, Kasidiaris, in response to a verbal disagreement, splashed a glass of water at Greek politician Rena Dourou, and then proceeded to physically assault Liana Kanelli after she struck him with a piece of paper.
The heated exchange was a fluid discussion focusing on the rights of immigrant workers vs right of the unemployed Greeks and the development of gas reservoirs in northern Crete eventually disintegrating from a heated debate to broken rhetoric from both sides about opinion on the Regime of the Colonels to the persecution of Golden Dawn activists. The discussion broke down when Kanelli referred to Kasidiaris as a fascist «φασίστα», Kasidiaris responded by derogatorily calling her a dirty communist «παλιόκομμούνι». Dourou intervened and said there was a democratic crisis in Greece and that Golden Dawn would take the country back 500 years, Kasidiaris threw the water at Dourou, and Dorou grinned at the subsequent scuffle as Kanelli hit Kasidiaris with a paper and Kasidiaris pushed her back and slapped her multiple times.
In Greece it was openly debated by the press whether Kasidiaris had been right or wrong and he was widely cheered online. In March 2015 Kasidiaris attended court to face charges of grievous bodily harm. Giorgos Papadakis, a presenter and journalist who witnessed the assault, stated that threats were also made to television crew and other employees.
Political analyst Theodore Couloumbis told Reuters that the sight of a young man slapping up a woman could cost the far right party votes, especially with women, though other experts thought images of violence could play in their favour—a Facebook page dedicated to Kasidiaris picked up 6,000 'likes' within 24 hours. Kasidiaris was also awaiting trial for allegedly being the getaway driver for an armed assault on a university professor in Athens in 2007. He was found not guilty of all charges relating to the 2007 incident in March 2013, due to a lack of evidence against him.
References
External links
1980 births
Politicians from Piraeus
Living people
Agricultural University of Athens alumni
Golden Dawn (political party) politicians
Greek Holocaust deniers
Greek fascists
Greek neo-Nazis
Greek MPs 2012 (May)
Greek MPs 2012–2014
Greek MPs 2015 (February–August)
Greek MPs 2015–2019
Joshua "Joe" Mills (13 January 1859 – 21 March 1943) was an Australian politician who was a member of the Legislative Council of Western Australia from 1918 to 1924. Prominent in the state's Murchison and Mid West regions, he served a single six-year term in parliament.
Mills was born at Narra Tarra, a locality on the Chapman River, near Geraldton. Before standing for parliament, he worked variously as an inspector of stock, a sheep farmer (at Narra Tarra), a station manager (at Wurarga, Barnong, and Gabyon), and an Agricultural Bank inspector. Mills stood as an "independent Nationalist" candidate for Central Province at the 1918 Legislative Council elections. He defeated Labor's John Drew, who had become personally unpopular in the seat. Mills' age (he was 59 when he first stood for office) led to him being nicknamed "Uncle Joe" by The Sunday Times. After briefly joining the Ministerial Country Party in 1923 (a Country Party splinter group), Mills stood as an endorsed Nationalist candidate at the 1924 election, but was defeated by Drew. He stood again in 1926, but was defeated by Country candidate George Kempton.
After losing his seat, Mills farmed with his son at Waggrakine. He had married Hannah Maley in 1892, and the couple had one son and one daughter together, but she died in childbirth in 1905. Her brothers, Charles and Henry Maley, were both later members of the Legislative Assembly (for Irwin and Greenough, respectively). Mills' own sister, Harriet Mills, was married to Everard Darlot, who was the inaugural MLA for Murchison. He was consequently the brother-in-law of three other MPs in Western Australia. Mills died in Geraldton in 1943, aged 84, and was buried at Narra Tarra.
References
1859 births
1943 deaths
Australian farmers
Independent members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
People from the Mid West (Western Australia)
The Sula jungle flycatcher (Cyornis colonus) is a species of passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae.
It is endemic to Sula Island in Indonesia where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
This species was previously placed in the genus Rhinomyias but was moved to Cyornis based on the results of a 2010 molecular phylogenetic study.
References
henna-tailed jungle flycatcher
Birds of Sulawesi
henna-tailed jungle flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2008 Asia Series was contested on November 13–16 by the champions of Nippon Professional Baseball's Japan Series, the Korea Baseball Organization's Korean Series, Chinese Professional Baseball League's Taiwan Series, and the championship of the China Baseball League of the People's Republic of China. In 2008, it was the first time that the champion of the China Baseball League participates in instead of the all-star team China Stars. The winning team will receive ¥50 million yen ($0.5 million), the second place team will receive ¥30 million yen, and the other teams will receive ¥10 million yen each. All games were held in Tokyo Dome, Tokyo, Japan. The Saitama Seibu Lions defeated the Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions in the title game to win the championship for Japan. Outfielder Tomoaki Satoh was named the MVP of the series.
Participating teams
China Baseball League (China): Tianjin Lions, winner of 2008 CBL championship series. Based in Tianjin, China.
Nippon Professional Baseball (Japan): Saitama Seibu Lions, winner of 2008 Japan Series. Based in Saitama, Japan.
Korea Baseball Organization (Korea): SK Wyverns, winner of 2008 Korea Series. Based in Incheon, South Korea.
Chinese Professional Baseball League (Taiwan): Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions, winner of 2008 Taiwan Series. Based in Tainan, Taiwan.
Matchups
All times are Japan Standard Time (UTC+9)
November 13
Attendance: 2,788 Time: 3:04
Attendance: 9,277 Time: 3:03
November 14
Attendance: 2,489 Time: 2:27 (shorten: mercy rule)
Attendance: 8,443 Time: 2:34
November 15
Attendance: 8,478 Time: 2:41 (shorten: mercy rule)
Attendance: 5,228 Time: 3:22
Round Robin Standings
Championship, November 16
Attendance: 18,370 Time: 3:07
Broadcasting
TBS: SK Wyverns vs. Saitama Seibu Lions (G2)
Asahi: Saitama Seibu Lions vs. Uni-President 7-Eleven Lions (G4)
NTV: Tianjin Lions vs. Saitama Seibu Lions (G5), Championship (G7)
J SPORTS: All games.
MBC ESPN: All games.
KBS 2TV : SK Wyverns vs. Saitama Seibu Lions (G2)
SBS : Championship (G7)
VL: All games.
See also
2008 China Baseball League season
2008 Chinese Professional Baseball League season
2008 Korea Baseball Organization season
2008 Nippon Professional Baseball season
References
External links
2008 Asia Series Official Website
Asia Series
Asia Series
International baseball competitions hosted by Japan
Saitama Seibu Lions
The NAB AFL Rising Star award is given annually to a standout young player in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Eligibility
Every round, a nomination is given to a standout young player who performed well during that particular round. To be eligible for nomination, a player must be under 21 on 1 January of that year and have played ten or fewer senior games before the start of the season; a player who is suspended may be nominated, but is not eligible to win the award.
Nominations
Final voting
References
Afl Rising Star, 2020
The Siem Reap River (Steung Siem Reap; ) is a river flowing through Siem Reap Province, in north-west Cambodia.
Rivers of Cambodia
Geography of Siem Reap province
Sextus Sulpicius Tertullus was a Roman senator active in the mid-2nd century. He held the consulship in 158 with Quintus Sacerdos as his colleague. Tertullus was afterwards proconsular governor of Asia in 173/174. He is known entirely from inscriptions.
References
2nd-century Romans
Imperial Roman consuls
Roman governors of Asia
Tertullus
The is held at the beginning of November every year in Saga Prefecture, Japan. In 2014 it took place between October 30 and November 3.
The fiesta is held just outside Saga City, along the Kase River. It has grown from a gathering of 5 hot air balloons to a competition where over 3500 people volunteer, and has gained a reputation as one of the top ballooning competitions in the world. It is also a popular time for tourists as the Karatsu Kunchi Festival is held at the same time in Karatsu. Since 1980 the launch site has been visited by over 10 million spectators.
For the duration of the event, a temporary JR station (Balloon Saga Station) ferries passengers between Saga City and Kubota.
History
The fiesta started in 1978 in Amagi City, Fukuoka Prefecture, as a smaller ballooning event, the Balloon Fiesta in Kyushu. In 1980 the Fiesta was moved to the outskirts of Saga City, where there is more room. In 1984 it became an international competition and was given its present name; in the same year the first Japanese National Hot Air Balloon Championship was held, and balloonists from all over Japan came to the grounds.
Since 1984 there have been approximately 640 balloons from overseas participants (nearly 3000 crew and pilots). In 1990 the first Pacific Championship was held in Saga. Between 1990 and 1996 women from around the world gathered to participate in the Ladies World Cup. Saga was the first place to have a competition of this kind.
Beginning in 1992 a category for special shaped balloons, called Balloon Fantasia was created. Also started at this time was the La Montgolfier Nocturne (The Night of Hot Air Balloons); tethered inflated balloons light their burners in a choreographed manner, illuminating their unique shapes. This is a highlight of the fiesta.
In November 1997 the 13th Hot Air Balloon World Championships were again held in Saga. With numbers rarely seen outside of the United States, this event was attended by over 38 countries and territories. There were 112 balloons present for the World Championship and together with the balloons that were competing in the Honda Grand Prix Final Battle, Balloon Fantasia, and official balloons there were 170 balloons flying through the skies of Saga.
In 1997, special days during the Fiesta were established for people to experience the balloons. These include Heartful Day, a day geared toward handicapped members of the community; and Kids Day, a hot air balloon classroom for children.
The fiesta went on hiatus in 2020.
See also
Hot air balloon festivals
External links
Official website
Official website
Festivals in Saga Prefecture
Festivals in Japan
Hot air balloon festivals
Sports festivals in Japan
Awes-kon-wa is a Native American mythological figure of the Iroquois Mohawk people. It is described as a small, winged sprite.
References
Mohawk culture
Iroquois legendary creatures
Sprites (folklore)
Herbert Smith was an English professional footballer who played as a forward.
Career
Born in Bradford, Smith moved from Liversedge to Bradford City in May 1925. He made 5 league appearances for the club, before being released in 1926.
Sources
References
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
English footballers
Liversedge F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
Footballers from Bradford
Frei, Frey, Fray, Frej, Freij, Freyr or Freÿr may refer to:
People
Frey (given name)
Frey (surname)
Fray (surname)
Frei family, a Chilean family formed by the descendants of Swiss Eduardo Frei Schlinz and Chilean Victoria Montalva Martínez
Matt Frei (born 1963), British journalist and broadcaster
Issawi Frej (born 1963), Israeli Arab politician
Viva Frei (born 1979), Canadian YouTuber
Saber Ben Frej (born 1979), Tunisian footballer
Frej Larsson (born 1983), Swedish musician and rapper
Frej Liewendahl (1902-1966), Finnish track and field athlete
Frej Lindqvist (born 1937), Swedish actor
Frej Ossiannilsson (1905–1995), Swedish entomologist
Places
Belgium
Castle of Freÿr, a castle in Belgium
Brazil
Frei Gaspar, a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast Region
Frei Inocêncio, another municipality in the state of Minas Gerais
Frei Lagonegro, another municipality in the state of Minas Gerais
Frei Martinho, a municipality in the state of Paraíba in the Northeast Region
Frei Miguelinho, a municipality in the state of Pernambuco in the Northeast Region
Frei Rogério, a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina, in the South Region
Germany
Frei-Laubersheim, a municipality in the district of Bad Kreuznach in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany
Norway
Frei, a former municipality in Møre og Romsdal county
Frei (island), an island in Kristiansund Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county
Frei, or Nedre Frei, a village in Kristiansund Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county
Frei Church, a church in Kristiansund Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county
United States
Frey, Michigan
Other uses
Frey (chocolate), a Swiss manufacturer of chocolate since 1887
Frei zu leben, a German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990
FreiTek, Inc., a fictional company in Star Wars.
Frey's procedure, a treatment for chronic pancreatitis
Frei test, a test developed in 1925 by Wilhelm Siegmund Frei, a German dermatologist, to identify lymphogranuloma inguinale
Frey's syndrome, a food-related condition
Freyr, a fertility god in Norse mythology
Freyr (Stargate), a fictional character in Stargate SG-1, based on this god
Frej (icebreaker), a 1974 ship named after Freyr
Frei (album), the fifth studio album by German recording artist LaFee
IK Frej, a Swedish sports club located in Täby kyrkby
See also
Oulad Frej, a small town and rural commune in El Jadida Province of the Casablanca-Settat region of Morocco
Fray (disambiguation)
Freya (disambiguation)
Fry (disambiguation)
Frye
Afikoman (Mishnaic Hebrew: אֲפִיקִימוֹן ʾăpîqîmôn; Modern pronunciation: אֲפִיקוֹמָן ʾăpîqômān) based on Greek epikomon [ἐπὶ κῶμον] or epikomion [ἐπικώμιον], meaning "that which comes after" or "dessert"), a word originally having the connotation of "refreshments eaten after the meal", is now almost strictly associated with the half-piece of matzo which is broken in two during the early stages of the Passover Seder and set aside to be eaten as a dessert after the meal.
Based on the Mishnah in Pesahim 119b, the afikoman is a substitute for the Passover sacrifice, which was the last thing eaten at the Passover meal during the eras of the First and Second Temples and during the period of the Tabernacle. The Talmud states that it is forbidden to have any other food after the afikoman, so that the taste of the matzo that was eaten after the meal remains in the participants' mouths. Since the destruction of the Temple and the discontinuation of the Korban Pesach, Jews eat a piece of matzo now known as afikomen to finish the Passover Seder meal.
Customs around the afikoman vary, though they often share the common purpose of keeping children awake and alert during the Seder until the afikoman is eaten. Following Ashkenazi customs, the head of household may hide the afikoman for the children to find, or alternatively, the children may steal the afikoman and ransom it back. Chabad tradition discourages stealing the afikoman lest it lead to bad habits.
Following Mizrahi customs, the afikoman may be tied in a sling to a child's back for the duration of the Seder.
Etymology
Mishnaic Hebrew: אֲפִיקִימוֹן. The Greek word on which afikoman is based has two meanings, according to the Babylonian Talmud and the Jerusalem Talmud. Both Talmuds agree on the halakha (stated in the Passover Haggadah under the answer given to the Wise Son) that no other food should be eaten for the rest of the night after the afikoman is consumed. The Babylonian Talmud explains that the word "afikoman" derives from the Greek word for "dessert", the last thing eaten at a meal. The Jerusalem Talmud, however, derives the word afikoman from epikomion, meaning "after-dinner revelry" or "entertainment". It was the custom of Romans and Greeks to move from one party or banquet to another. The halakha prohibiting anything else being eaten after the afikoman therefore enjoins Jews to distinguish their Passover Seder from the pagan rituals of other nations.
Use
The afikoman is prepared during the fourth part of the Seder, Yachatz. During this ritual, the leader of the Seder takes the middle piece of matzo out from the stack of three whole matzot on the Seder table. They break the matzo in two, returning the smaller piece to the stack and putting aside the larger piece to be eaten later during Tzafun ("Hidden", the twelfth part of the Seder, which immediately follows the main meal). This is the afikoman, which is wrapped in a napkin before being hidden.
Custom of "stealing"
The custom of hiding the afikoman so that the children at the Seder will "steal" it and demand a reward for it is based on the following Gemara: Rabbi Eliezer says that one should "grab the matzos" so that the children won't fall asleep.
The Haggadah Otzar Divrei HaMeforshim cites several other reasons for the custom of stealing the afikoman. According to Mekor Chaim – Chavos Yair, this custom demonstrates love for the mitzvah of afikoman. Rabbi Menashe Klein, the Ungvar Rebbe, says that this custom is a re-enactment of the biblical account of Jacob stealing the blessings that were supposed to go to his brother Esau. Midrash Pliah says that Isaac told Esau, "Your brother came with trickery" (Genesis 27:35), adding, "and he took out the afikoman." According to the Midrash, this account took place on Passover. Therefore, the children steal the afikoman to get the blessings, which are the present that they ask their fathers to buy for them.
Eating the afikoman
After the meal and customary desserts, the leader of the Seder distributes pieces of the afikoman to each guest. If there is not enough to go around, additional pieces of matzo may be added to each person's portion of afikoman.
Jewish law prescribes that an olive-sized piece of matzo be eaten to fulfill the mitzvah of eating the afikoman. Many people eat an additional, olive-sized piece of matzo together with it. The first piece of matzo commemorates the Korban Pesach (Paschal lamb), whose meat was eaten at the very end of the festive Seder meal in the days that the Temple stood. The second piece commemorates the matzo that was eaten together with the meat of the Paschal Lamb in the days of the Temple, in fulfillment of the Torah commandment, "They shall eat [the Passover lamb] together with matzo and maror" (Exodus 12:8). Like the eating of the matzo earlier in the Seder, the afikoman is eaten while reclining to the left (in some Orthodox Jewish circles, women and girls do not lean).
According to Jewish law, the afikoman must be consumed before midnight, just as the Korban Pesach was eaten before midnight during the days of the Temple in Jerusalem. Thus, if the Seder is running late with much singing and discussion of the themes of the Exodus from Egypt, families may have to shorten the meal segment of the Seder and proceed quickly to the afikoman.
After the eating of the afikoman, no other food may be eaten for the rest of the night, other than the last two cups of wine at the Seder and coffee, tea, or water.
References
Sources
Kaplan, Aryeh (1978). The MeAm Lo'ez Haggadah. Brooklyn, NY: Maznaim Publishing Corporation.
External links
Etymology of "afikoman"
Rabbi Eliezer Melamed, Tzafun – the Afikoman in Peninei Halakha
Matzo
Greek language
Jewish ritual objects
Desserts
Jewish ceremonial food and drink
Greek words and phrases in Jewish law
Talmud concepts and terminology
In mathematics, a ranked partially ordered set or ranked poset may be either:
a graded poset, or
a poset with the property that for every element x, all maximal chains among those with x as greatest element have the same finite length, or
a poset in which all maximal chains have the same finite length.
The second definition differs from the first in that it requires all minimal elements to have the same rank; for posets with the least element, however, the two requirements are equivalent. The third definition is even stricter in that it excludes posets with infinite chains and also requires all maximal elements to have the same rank. Richard P. Stanley defines a graded poset of length n as one in which all maximal chains have length n.
References
Order theory
This is a list of yacht clubs in Australia.
Australian Capital Territory
Some yacht clubs in Australian Capital Territory
New South Wales
Some yacht clubs in New South Wales
Sydney area
Regional
Norfolk Island
Northern Territory
Queensland
Some yacht clubs in Queensland
South Australia
Some yacht clubs in South Australia
Tasmania
Some yacht clubs in Tasmania
Victoria
Some yacht clubs in Victoria
Western Australia
Perth area
Regional
See also
List of Australian rules football clubs in Australia
List of baseball teams in Australia
List of rowing clubs in Australia
List of rugby league clubs in Australia
List of rugby union clubs in Australia
List of soccer clubs in Australia
List of yacht clubs
References
External links
Yachting Western Australia
Australia
Water transport-related lists
Lists of sports teams in Australia
Lists of sports clubs in Australia
Ehud Asherie (born 1979) is a jazz pianist and organist.
Early life
Asherie was born in Israel in 1979. He moved with his family to Italy at the age of three, where he attended the Sir James Henderson School, now The British School of Milan, and then to the United States when he was nine. As a teenager in New York, he visited Smalls Jazz Club, and took lessons from Frank Hewitt, a pianist who often played there. Asherie first played at Smalls when he was a high school sophomore.
Later life and career
Asherie played Hammond organ on his 2010 quartet release, Organic. He recorded his first solo piano album, Welcome to New York, in 2010.
Playing style
AllMusic's Ken Dryden commented on Asherie's Welcome to New York that "on his earlier CDs he mixed bop, swing, and standards with an occasional taste of stride, but for these solo piano sessions, he focuses more on stride and standards".
Discography
An asterisk (*) indicates that the year is that of release.
As leader/co-leader
As sideman
References
1979 births
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century American pianists
American jazz pianists
American male pianists
American people of Israeli descent
American male jazz musicians
Posi-Tone Records artists
Arbor Records artists
HMP Hull is a Category B men's local prison located in Kingston upon Hull in England. The term 'local' means that this prison holds people on remand to the local courts. The prison is operated by His Majesty's Prison Service.
History
Hull Prison opened in 1870, and is of a typical Victorian design.
Ethel Major was the last person and only woman to be executed at Hull in 1934. She had been convicted of the murder of her husband. An exhibition "Within These Walls" follows the prison's history from 1299 to 1934.
The exhibition was designed and created by Officer Rob Nicholson and officially opened by Lawrence Major, Ethel's grandson.
In 1976 Hull prison was involved in a three-day riot by inmates of the prison. Over 100 prisoners were involved in a protest that erupted over staff brutality. The riot ended peacefully on 3 September 1976 but over two thirds of the prison was destroyed,
with an estimated repair cost of £3 – £4 million. The prison was closed for a year while repairs were carried out. Disciplinary proceedings following the riots led to a number of legal challenges.
The Prison was removed from the high-security estate in 1985 and became a local prison holding inmates remanded and sentenced by courts in the area.
In 2002 a major expansion was completed making the prison more modern rather than Victorian, which added four new wings, a new gymnasium, a new health care centre and a multi-faith centre.
In January 2013, the Ministry of Justice announced that older parts of Hull Prison will close, with a reduction of 282 places at the prison. In April 2014 the Ministry of Justice announced that these would be brought back into use as the "prison population is currently above published projections".
After rioting at Birmingham Prison in December 2016, some prisoners were transferred from Birmingham to Hull. Disturbances were reported at HMP Hull.
On 14 September 2018, Staff at HMP Hull, along with many other prisons across the country, walked out under protest due to health and safety conditions across the prison estate. The protest was amid fears of rising violence, wanting safety improvements and a reduction in violence and overcrowding.
In January 2019, it was announced that HMP Hull will be one of 10 prisons chosen for body scanners which aims to reduce drugs and violence, while improving standards, in the country's most challenging jails providing a template for the wider estate.
In January 2021, it was reported that HMP Hull had been dealing with a huge Covid-19 outbreak which saw around 80 prisoners and staff struck down by the virus.
The prison today
Hull is a local prison holding remand, sentenced and convicted males. Prisoners are employed in the workshops, kitchens, gardens and waste management departments. Education classes are also available to prisoners.
HMP Hull houses the Within These Walls exhibition which charts the history of Hull's prisons from 1299 through to the present day. The exhibition was created by officer Rob Nicholson and opened in 2011.
Notable inmates
Charles Bronson
Paul Sykes
Robert Maudsley
Tommy Robinson
References
External links
Ministry of Justice pages on Hull
Texts on the 1976 riot
HMP Hull – HM Inspectorate of Prisons Reports
Prisons in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Buildings and structures in Kingston upon Hull
Prison uprisings in the United Kingdom
1870 establishments in England
Riots and civil disorder in England
1976 riots
Hull
Daniel Brett Weiss (; born April 23, 1971) is an American television writer, director, and producer. Along with his collaborator David Benioff, he is best-known as co-creator of Game of Thrones (2011–2019), the HBO adaptation of George R. R. Martin's series of books A Song of Ice and Fire.
Early life
Weiss was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois. His family is Jewish, with ancestral roots in Germany. He graduated from Wesleyan University and earned a Master of Philosophy in Irish literature from Trinity College Dublin, where he wrote his thesis on James Joyce's Finnegans Wake, and a Master of Fine Arts in creative writing from the Iowa Writers' Workshop.
Career
Weiss worked as personal assistant on films such as The Viking Sagas for New Line Cinema. For a brief period, he also worked as a personal assistant for musician Glenn Frey. Weiss went to Dublin in 1995 to study Anglo-Irish literature and met David Benioff, the screenwriter of Troy. Three years later, around 1998, they met again in Santa Monica, California.
Weiss and Benioff co-wrote a screenplay for a film titled The Headmaster, but it was never made. In 2003, they were hired to collaborate on a new script of Orson Scott Card's book Ender's Game, in consultation with the then-designated director Wolfgang Petersen. It was not used.
Weiss's 2003 debut novel, Lucky Wander Boy, is themed around video games. In 2006, he said he had written a second novel that "needs a second draft". The same year, Weiss completed a screenplay for a film adaptation of the video game series Halo, based on a script by Alex Garland, but director Neill Blomkamp declared the project dead in late 2007.
Weiss also worked on a script for a prequel to I Am Legend, but in May 2011, director Francis Lawrence said that he did not think the prequel would ever happen.
Weiss collaborated with Benioff on the HBO television series Game of Thrones, based on George R. R. Martin's book series A Song of Ice and Fire. Benioff and Weiss also directed three episodes together. For the first two, they flipped a coin to decide who would get the credit on the show. Weiss received directing credit for "Two Swords", Season 4 episode 1, while Benioff was credited for "Walk of Punishment", Season 3 episode 3. Benioff and Weiss were both credited for co-directing the series finale, "The Iron Throne".
On July 19, 2017, Weiss announced that he and Benioff were going to begin production on another HBO series, Confederate, after the final season of Game of Thrones. Weiss and Benioff said, "We have discussed Confederate for years, originally as a concept for a feature film, but our experience on Thrones has convinced us that no one provides a bigger, better storytelling canvas than HBO." In January 2020, HBO President Casey Bloys confirmed that the project had been officially canceled.
On February 6, 2018, Disney announced that Weiss and Benioff would write and produce a new series of Star Wars films after the last season of Game of Thrones ended in 2019. Toward the end of the last season, a petition to HBO was started on Change.org. It described showrunners Benioff and Weiss as "woefully incompetent writers" and demanded "competent writers" to remake the eighth season of Game of Thrones in a manner "that makes sense". The petition eventually amassed over 1.5 million signatures. In the Chicago Sun Times, Richard Roeper wrote that the backlash to the eighth season was so great that he doubted he had "ever seen the level of fan (and to a lesser degree, critical) vitriol leveled at" Game of Thrones.
In early 2019, Weiss and Benioff entered into an exclusive $200 million deal with Netflix to produce several films and television shows exclusively for it. In late October 2019, it was reported that Weiss and Benioff had exited their deal with Disney due to their commitments to Netflix.
Weiss and Benioff's first project on Netflix were as directors of Leslie Jones's stand-up comedy special Time Machine.
In September 2020, it was announced that Weiss, Benioff and Alexander Woo would write and executive produce a Netflix series based on The Three-Body Problem trilogy in a four-part series.
Personal life
Weiss and his wife, Andrea Troyer, have two children.
Bibliography
Author
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
See also
List of awards and nominations received by Game of Thrones
References
External links
1971 births
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American screenwriters
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
American male novelists
American male screenwriters
American male television writers
American people of German-Jewish descent
American television directors
American television writers
Hugo Award-winning writers
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
Jewish American screenwriters
Living people
Novelists from Illinois
Primetime Emmy Award winners
Screenwriters from Illinois
Showrunners
Television producers from Illinois
Wesleyan University alumni
Writers from Chicago
"Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places" is the third episode of the fifth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, originally airing on October 14, 1996 in broadcast syndication. The story was written by Ronald D. Moore and directed by actor Andrew J. Robinson, who played the recurring character Garak. The episode received a Nielsen rating of 5.7 percent, a slight decrease from the previous week.
Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures on Deep Space Nine, a space station located near a stable wormhole between the Alpha and Gamma quadrants of the Milky Way Galaxy. In the episode, Worf (Michael Dorn) becomes infatuated with Grilka, but is unable to pursue her as a result of his dishonor among Klingons. In an adaption of the 19th-century play Cyrano de Bergerac, Worf instead helps Quark (Armin Shimerman) win Grilka's love. When Quark—wholly inexperienced in Klingon fighting and mating rituals—is forced to fight Grilka's bodyguard to legitimize their relationship, Worf employs a device to remotely control Quark's body movements in combat, enabling him to defeat his opponent. Jadzia Dax (Terry Farrell) attempts to console the dejected Worf, and becomes the aggressor in a romantic scene between the two. It is explained in the episode that "par'Mach" is the Klingon word for "love", with an aggressive connotation.
"Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places" has been met with mixed critical reception.
Plot
Grilka (Mary Kay Adams), the Klingon ex-wife of Quark (Armin Shimerman) from a "marriage of convenience" (see "The House of Quark"), arrives at Deep Space Nine to seek financial advice from Quark. Worf (Michael Dorn) is immediately attracted to her, but is told by her adviser, Tumek, that Worf's dishonor precludes her from mating with him. Quark wishes to pursue Grilka romantically, but is ignorant of Klingon mating rituals, so he asks Jadzia Dax (Terry Farrell) for help. Worf, eager to prove himself capable of courting a Klingon woman, joins Dax in coaching Quark to win Grilka's affections. Through diligent efforts to learn Klingon culture, Quark is successful with Grilka; her bodyguard, Thopok (Phil Morris), becomes outraged at the unconventional relationship and challenges Quark to a duel.
Unskilled at combat, Quark stands to either lose Grilka or be killed. Worf helps him to use a device that enables him to control Quark's body movements from an adjacent room to help Quark defend himself in the duel. Although the device temporarily malfunctions, he defeats the bodyguard. The scene concludes with Grilka and Quark alone and enamored with one another. Worf opines to Jadzia that Quark is unworthy of such a great Klingon woman and she counters that Worf's interest in Grilka is superficial, and there are better options awaiting him. Since Worf still fails to notice her hints, Dax initiates an aggressive romantic encounter. Worf is surprised but responds. In the final scene, both couples are in the infirmary; Doctor Julian Bashir (Alexander Siddig) deduces the source of their injuries. Dax and Worf decide to begin a relationship.
In a subplot, Miles O'Brien (Colm Meaney) is faced with the increasingly uncomfortable situation of Major Kira Nerys (Nana Visitor) carrying his baby and living with him and his wife, Keiko (Rosalind Chao) (see "Body Parts"). Miles and Kira begin to feel attracted to each other, but try to avoid growing closer; Kira decides to take a trip to Bajor for a few days only for Keiko to insist that Miles accompany her on her retreat. As the runabout is about to depart, Kira reveals that their destination is in a highly romantic setting, which prompts Miles to back out of the trip.
Production and themes
The episode boasts the longest title of the series and, as of 2015, the second-longest of all Star Trek television installments, behind "For the World Is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky" of the 1960s series. "Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places" drew inspiration from the 1897 play Cyrano de Bergerac, in which a brilliant Frenchman, resigned to the fact that the woman he adores will never be able to look past his distractingly large nose, helps another man win the lady's heart by dictating beautiful language from nearby. The idea for a modern adaption of Cyrano de Bergerac was proposed by Michael Dorn. "Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places" was directed by Andrew Robinson, who plays the Cardassian Elim Garak on Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. This marked the first time that the actor of a recurring (but not main) Star Trek character had directed an episode in the franchise. Having just received two Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Awards for theatrical directing, Robinson personally asked executive producer Rick Berman to let him direct an episode of Deep Space Nine; Robinson was pleased to have been assigned this particular episode.
Challenged with inventing an original way for Quark to survive the fight without directly paralleling prior material, writers devised a "holographic puppeteer" system. Worf is seen wearing a headset which allows him to control the body movements of Quark, who is wearing a concealed receiver. It is not made clear how the "virtual control device" works. Indeed, Ronald D. Moore clarified: "I wasn't interested in explaining it to the viewers. We just buy the premise and move on." However, science consultant André Bormanis agreed that the "web of sensors and actuators" was conceptually sound. Dan Curry, who originally designed the bat'leth and helped developed Klingon fighting techniques, was instrumental in choreographing the combat scene between Quark and Thopok. Despite his character's apparent ineptitude at hand-to-hand combat, Shimerman practiced extensively with a bat'leth to make Worf's influence over Quark seem convincing. Shimerman also enlisted the help of a mime artist to improve his technique.
Guest star Joseph Ruskin played Tumek in "Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places", and had previously appeared in the Star Trek: The Original Series episode "The Gamesters of Triskelion" as well as earlier in Deep Space Nine in "Improbable Cause". He went on to appear both in the film Star Trek: Insurrection and the Star Trek: Voyager episode "Gravity".
Reception
"Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places" was first broadcast on October 14, 1996 in broadcast syndication. It received a Nielsen rating of 5.7 percent, placing it ninth in its timeslot. This represented a slight decrease in viewership from the previous week; "The Ship" garnered a rating of 6.0 percent. In contrast, "Trials and Tribble-ations" was the most-watched episode of the season, with a rating of 7.7 percent.
Several reviewers re-watched the episode after the end of the series. Zack Handlen reviewed the episode for The A.V. Club in April 2013. Handlen remarked on the episode's farcical title and content, noting that the script was largely without substance. He granted that the episode served as a welcome change of pace from the ongoing "agonies of war" in the series. He notes that the main plot involving Grilka was "wafer thin" but nonetheless effective in creating humor and introducing the relationship between Dax and Worf. Still, Handlen thought Worf's strong attraction to Grilka lacked sufficient justification, given Worf's long-standing desire to maintain solitude on the station. In addition, Handlen disliked the subplot concerning Miles O'Brien and Major Kira, suggesting that the romantic tension between the two was forced and inconsistent with their personalities.
For the website TrekNation, Michelle Erica Green wrote that she strongly disliked the episode and considered some of its sexual implications "repulsive". She felt the episode inappropriately objectified its female characters—having depicted both Quark and Worf as "players"—and that Worf had neglected to discuss with Dax the risks inherent to Klingon sex rituals. Green was somewhat more receptive to the O'Brien/Kira storyline, and was fond of the portrayal of pregnancy. Jamahl Epsicokhan of Jammer's Reviews praised the episode as being among the show's "most purely amusing", while acknowledging the weak plot. Epsicokhan enjoyed Quark's interactions with other characters, which were rare in that Quark had other motives than his usual lust for monetary profit. Unlike Handlen, Epsicokhan liked the Kira and O'Brien scenes, especially near the episode's close when the characters were set to depart for Bajor. He gave the episode a score of three out of four stars. Science fiction writer Keith DeCandido reviewed "Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places" for Tor.com, lauding Ronald D. Moore's sense of humor on display in the episode, as well as the performances by Nana Visitor and Colm Meaney. In contrast with some other reviewers, DeCandido thought the story stayed true to all involved characters.
In 2017, Vulture listed this episode as one of the best of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.
Home media
The first home media release of "Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places" was part of a two-episode VHS cassette alongside "...Nor the Battle to the Strong" in the United Kingdom on October 1, 1999. In the United States and Canada, this was followed by a single-episode release on July 10, 2001. It was later released on DVD as part of the season 5 box set on October 7, 2003.
Notes
References
External links
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (season 5) episodes
1996 American television episodes
Television episodes written by Ronald D. Moore
Piers Andrew Charles Wauchope (born 1956) is a British barrister and politician who served as interim leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) between June and August 2019, following the resignation of Gerard Batten.
Previously a member of the Conservative Party, Wauchope was a councillor representing Adelaide and later Belsize wards in the London Borough of Camden from 1998 to 2006, having unsuccessfully stood in the wards of Holborn (in 1986) and Bloomsbury (in 1994). He served as leader of the Conservative Group, and of the opposition, on Camden Council from 2000 to 2006, replacing Pamela Chesters. After leaving the Conservative Party, he joined UKIP and was elected to the NEC in 2015.
Wauchope trained as a criminal barrister, being called to the bar in 1985, and specialises in children's law, injunctions and domestic violence. In 2010, he made the news after separating two brawling men during a court session at Snaresbrook Crown Court. Wauchope was unhurt in the scuffle, having only his glasses knocked off. In 2015, he represented former UKIP parliamentary candidate Matthew Smith in an electoral fraud case.
He was educated at Worth School and the University of Manchester. In addition to authoring legal guides and contributing to journals, Wauchope has written a political history of the London Borough of Camden called Camden: A Political History 1964-2006, which the Camden New Journal described as "An intriguing, witty read......his retelling of power struggles and forgotten gossip sparkles".
Electoral history
In the 2012 United Kingdom local elections, Wauchope ran as a UKIP candidate and won the Rusthall electoral ward seat on Tunbridge Wells Borough Council. He beat the incumbent Conservative councillor and council leader Bob Atwood by 46 votes. He left the position on 16 April 2015.
He stood to be the first police and crime commissioner for Kent in the 2012 elections, but was eliminated in the first round of voting. He also stood unsuccessfully as a UKIP candidate in the 2016 London Assembly election and the 2019 European Parliament election for the South East England seat.
References
Living people
1956 births
Leaders of the UK Independence Party
British barristers
Councillors in the London Borough of Camden
Conservative Party (UK) councillors
Blessed is an album by the American composer, saxophonist and clarinet player Joe Maneri, with his son, violinist Mat Maneri, recorded in 1997 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Thom Jurek stated: "It has within it the basis of a new study of harmonic improvisation, and a manner of execution and construction that show respect and tenderness not only toward one another as family, but to the music they approach with the sole intention of changing it from the inside out. Blessed is remarkable for its close dancing with the infinite".
Track listing
All compositions by Joe Maneri and Mat Maneri except as indicated
"At the Gate" - 3:53
"There Are No Doors" - 4:22
"Sixty-One Joys" (Mat Maneri) - 4:01
"From Loosened Soil" - 11:05
"Five Fantasies" - 5:36
"Never Said a Mumblin' Word" (Traditional) - 5:38
"Is Nothing Near?" - 9:03
"Body and Soul" (Frank Eyton, Johnny Green, Edward Heyman, Robert Sour) - 6:16
"Race You Home" - 1:12
"Gardenias for Gardenis" (Joe Maneri) - 1:42
"Outside the Whole Thing" - 5:36
"Blessed" (Mat Maneri) - 5:05
Recorded at Hardstudios in Winterthur, Switzerland in October 1997
Personnel
Joe Maneri - clarinet, alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, piano
Mat Maneri - violin, electric 6-string violins, baritone violin, electric 5-string viola
References
1998 albums
ECM Records albums
Joe Maneri albums
The Men's Greco-Roman 48 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Abullah Alizani from the Yemen Arab Republic lost to Israeli Dov Groverman in the first round. Alizani was slated to wrestle the Israeli, but failed to show up for his match even after he was paged three times, in what an Israeli official called a political snub, and Alizani was declared the loser of the Men's Light-Flyweight (48 kg), Greco-Roman match by the referee.
Medalists
Tournament results
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system.
Legend
TF — Won by Fall
SP — Won by Superiority, 12-14 points difference, the loser with points
SO — Won by Superiority, 12-14 points difference, the loser without points
ST — Won by Technical Superiority, 15 points difference
PP — Won by Points, the loser with technical points
PO — Won by Points, the loser without technical points
P0 — Won by Passivity, scoring zero points
P1 — Won by Passivity, while leading by 1-11 points
PS — Won by Passivity, while leading by 12-14 points
PA — Won by Opponent Injury
DQ — Won by Forfeit
DNA — Did not appear
L — Losses
ER — Round of Elimination
CP — Classification Points
TP — Technical Points
Eliminatory round
Group A
Group B
Final round
Final standings
References
External links
Official Report
Greco-Roman 48kg
Think Like a Cat is an American game show created by Grand Central Marketing and broadcast by Game Show Network. Hosted by Chuck Woolery and sponsored by Meow Mix, eight cats and their owners compete in the contest, which includes contestants playing games with their cats showcasing their knowledge of cat-based trivia and their relationships with their own cats. The overall winner of the game participates in a bonus round for a million dollar prize. The show premiered as a one-time special on November 15, 2008 and was critically panned, with writers arguing that the special was "embarrassing" and that it should be "put down".
Gameplay
The first round is an elimination game in which the eight cats are placed in front of a bowl of cat food. The three cats which have eaten the most food when time expires move on to the second round; those who are eliminated earn $1,000. The three remaining owners answer trivia questions for points. The format is similar to Jeopardy! with six cat-related CATegories containing questions ranging from 10 to 50 points. The lowest-scoring owner is eliminated with $10,000. The two remaining cats are each then recorded in seven different situations. The owners wager points on what their cat will do before each clip is shown. They may not wager more than half of their points on the first two questions. For the remainder, they may wager any or all of their points. The cat and owner with the highest score win $25,000, and a chance to play the bonus round; the eliminated contestant earns $15,000.
Meow Mix A Million Dollar Challenge
Ten bags of Meow Mix cat food are placed on the stage; the bags contain symbols with only one pair containing matching symbols. The owner and cat each choose a bag. If the two bags chosen have the same symbol, the owner wins $1,000,000, and in addition, earns an extra $100,000 to donate to the animal shelter of their choice. Otherwise, the contestant leaves with the $25,000 won earlier in the game and an extra $2,500 for a similar charity.
Production
Tryouts for the show were held on June 21, 2008. Potential contestants auditioned in front of a panel of three judges, which included Vincent Pastore and Lee Meriwether. Those who passed the auditions were flown to Hollywood to compete with their cats as contestants. The program, which was hosted by Chuck Woolery, executive produced by David Doyle, and sponsored by Meow Mix, premiered as a one-time special on November 15, 2008. Reruns of the program aired four times throughout the rest of the month. Woolery expressed excitement at the prospects of the special, stating that the show "was designed to prove or disprove" that owners know everything they think they know about cats. Steve Ochi, a writer for the show, called the project a "success", though a minor incident did occur when a camera-shy cat forced the producers to use a stuffed cat for some shots. No new episodes have been produced since the original special.
Reception
Carrie Grosvenor of About Entertainment gave Think Like a Cat one star out of five. Grosvenor thought that the show should be "put down", saying that its only pros were Woolery's hosting and the fact that the episode was "only 30 minutes long". Neil Genzlinger of The New York Times was equally unimpressed, calling the special "not only one of the most embarrassing half-hours in the history of television, [but] also a significant step toward the collapse of civilized society". Genzlinger also called the games "idiotic" and added that the infomercial feeling of the show was its "overarching problem". Despite the criticism, over 1,000,000 combined viewers watched the show at some point during its five airings.
References
External links
at Meow Mix at the Wayback Machine
2000s American game shows
2008 American television series debuts
2008 American television series endings
Television series about cats
English-language television shows
Game Show Network original programming
VBScript ("Microsoft Visual Basic Scripting Edition") is an Active Scripting language developed by Microsoft that is modeled on Visual Basic. It allows Microsoft Windows system administrators to generate powerful tools for managing computers with error handling, subroutines, and other advanced programming constructs. It can give the user complete control over many aspects of their computing environment.
VBScript uses the Component Object Model to access elements of the environment within which it is running; for example, the FileSystemObject (FSO) is used to create, read, update and delete files. VBScript has been installed by default in every desktop release of Microsoft Windows since Windows 98; in Windows Server since Windows NT 4.0 Option Pack; and optionally with Windows CE (depending on the device it is installed on).
A VBScript script must be executed within a host environment, of which there are several provided with Microsoft Windows, including: Windows Script Host (WSH), Internet Explorer (IE), and Internet Information Services (IIS). Additionally, the VBScript hosting environment is embeddable in other programs, through technologies such as the Microsoft Script Control ().
History
VBScript began as part of the Microsoft Windows Script Technologies, launched in 1996. This technology (which also included JScript) was initially targeted at web developers. During a period of just over two years, VBScript advanced from version 1.0 to 2.0, and over that time it gained support from Windows system administrators seeking an automation tool more powerful than the batch language first developed in the early 1980s. On August 1, 1996, Internet Explorer was released with features that included VBScript.
In version 5.0, the functionality of VBScript was increased with new features including regular expressions; classes; the With statement; the Eval, Execute, and ExecuteGlobal functions to evaluate and execute script commands built during the execution of another script; a function-pointer system via GetRef, and Distributed COM (DCOM) support.
In version 5.5, SubMatches were added to the regular expression class in VBScript, to finally allow script authors to capture the text within the expression's groups. That capability had already been available in JScript.
With the advent of the .NET Framework, the scripting team took the decision to implement future support for VBScript within ASP.NET for web development, and therefore no new versions of the VBScript engine would be developed. It would henceforth be supported by Microsoft's Sustaining Engineering Team, who are responsible for bug fixes and security enhancements. For Windows system administrators, Microsoft suggests migrating to Windows PowerShell. However, the scripting engine will continue to be shipped with future releases of Microsoft Windows and IIS.
Environments
When employed for client-side web development in Microsoft Internet Explorer, VBScript is similar in function to JavaScript. It is used to write executable functions that are embedded in or included from HTML pages and interact with the Document Object Model (DOM) of the page, to perform tasks not possible in HTML alone. However, other web browsers such as Firefox and Opera and recently Chrome do not have built-in support for VBScript. This means that where client-side scripting and cross-browser compatibility are required, developers usually choose JavaScript over most other programming languages, such as VBScript.
VBScript is also used for server-side processing of web pages, most notably with Microsoft Active Server Pages (ASP). The ASP engine and type library, , invokes to run VBScript scripts. VBScript that is embedded in an ASP page is contained within <% and %> context switches. The following example of an ASP page with VBScript displays the current time in 24-hour format, but it is also used as the default script for error messages with the Windows operating systems.
<% Option Explicit %>
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
<html>
<head>
<title>VBScript Example</title>
</head>
<body>
<div><%
' Grab current time from Now() function.
' An '=' sign occurring after a context switch (<%) is shorthand
' for a call to to Write() method of the Response object.
Dim timeValue : timeValue = Now %>
The time, in 24-hour format, is
<%=Hour(timeValue)%>:<%=Minute(timeValue)%>:<%=Second(timeValue)%>.
</div>
</body>
</html>
VBScript can also be used to create applications that run directly on a workstation running Microsoft Windows. The simplest example is a script that makes use of the Windows Script Host (WSH) environment. Such a script is usually in a stand-alone file with the file extension .vbs. The script can be invoked in two ways: is used to display output and receive input through a GUI, such as dialog and input boxes. is used in a command line environment.
VBScript can be included in two other types of scripting files: Windows Script Files, and HTML Applications.
A Windows Script File (WSF) is styled after XML. A WSF file can include multiple VBS files. As a result, WSF files provide a means for code reuse: a library of classes or functions can be stored in one or more .vbs files, which can be included in .wsf files, so the functionality can be reused in a modular way. The files have extension .wsf and can be executed using or , just as a .vbs file can.
An HTML Application (HTA) is styled after HTML. The HTML in the file is used to generate the user interface, and a scripting language such as VBScript is used for the program logic. The files have extension . and can be executed using .
VBScript (and JScript) can also be used in a Windows Script Component, an ActiveX-enabled script class that can be invoked by other COM-enabled applications. These files have extension .
VBScript is simple to create and can be coded using an easy-to-use text editor like Notepad. A simple VBScript saved by the .vbs extension can be run on a Windows system by double-clicking it.
Functionality
Language features
The language of VBScript is modeled on Visual Basic, and therefore can be reviewed using similar categories: procedures, control structures, constants, variables, user interaction, array handling, date/time functions, error handling, mathematical functions, objects, regular expressions, string manipulation, and so on.
The following are some key points of introduction to the VBScript language by Microsoft
A "procedure" is the main construct in VBScript for separating code into smaller modules. VBScript distinguishes between a function, which can return a result in an assignment statement, and a subroutine, which cannot. Parameters are positional, and can be passed by value or by reference.
Control structures include the usual iterative and conditional Do Loops, If-Then-Else statements, and Case statements, with some more complex variants, such as ElseIf and nested control structures.
As a memory aid in coding, and certainly for readability, there are a large number of constants, such as True and False for logical values, vbOKCancel and vbYesNo for MsgBox codes, vbBlack and vbYellow for color values, vbCR for the carriage return character, and many others.
Variables have "Variant" type by default, but it is possible (and sometimes necessary) to force a particular type (integer, date, etc.) using conversion functions (CInt, CDate, etc.)
User interaction is provided through the functions MsgBox and InputBox which provide a simple dialogue box format for messages and input. Both functions display prompting messages, with the former returning a standard response, and the latter returning one user-supplied text or numeric value. For more elaborate GUI interaction with controls, VBScript can be used in combination with HTML, for example, in an HTML Application. Event-driven forms are not supported as in Visual Basic or Visual Basic for Applications.
Names are not case-sensitive. However, it is considered a best practice of VBScript style to be consistent and to capitalize judiciously.
VBScript functionalities
When hosted by the Windows Script Host, VBScript provides numerous features which are common to scripting languages, but not available from Visual Basic 6.0. These features include direct or easy access to:
Named and unnamed command line arguments,
Stdin and stdout, which could be redirected,
WSH.Echo which writes to the console and cannot be redirected,
WSH.ExitCode which can be tested from DOS batch files, or by the process which invoked the script file,
Network Printers,
Network Shares,
Special Folders, e.g. Desktop, Favorites, MyDocuments and so on,
Network user information, such as group membership,
Methods for runtime execution of text defined at runtime: Eval and Execute,
Methods for executing scripts on remote machines,
Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI)
Functionality for embedding a VBScript engine in other applications, using a widely known language.
CScript, the command line runner, provides options for:
Interactive or Batch Mode,
Invoking Debug Mode from the command line,
Error reporting including the line number.
Additional functionality
File system management, file modification, and streaming text operations are implemented with the Scripting Runtime Library scrrun.dll. This provides objects such as FileSystemObject, File, and TextStream, which expose the Windows file system to the programmer.
Binary file and memory I/O are provided by the "ADODB.Stream" class, which can also be used for string builders (to avoid excessive string concatenation, which can be costly), and to interconvert byte arrays and strings. Database access is made possible through ActiveX Data Objects (ADO), and the IIS Metabase can be manipulated using the GetObject() function with sufficient permissions (useful for creating and destroying sites and virtual directories). XML files and schemas can be manipulated with the Microsoft XML Library Application Programming Interfaces (, ), which also can be used to retrieve content from the World Wide Web via the XMLHTTP and ServerXMLHTTP objects (class strings "MSXML2.XMLHTTP.6.0" and "MSXML2.ServerXMLHTTP.6.0", respectively).
Functionality can also be added through ActiveX technologies. Security concerns have led to many ActiveX controls being blacklisted in the Internet Explorer process by Microsoft, which deploys the killbit via monthly Windows security updates to disable vulnerable Microsoft and third party code.
Programmers can utilize the extensibility via COM (ActiveX) modules to specifically equip the Script Host and VBScript with required or desired functions. The "VTool" component, for instance, adds a number of dialog windows, binary file access, and other functionality.
Development tools
Microsoft does not routinely make available an IDE (Integrated Development Environment) for VBScript, although the Microsoft Script Editor has been bundled with certain versions of Microsoft Office.
For debugging purposes the Microsoft Script Debugger can still be used in current Windows versions, even though the tool has not been updated in years. It allows the user to set break points in the VBScript code but the user interface is more than clumsy.
There are VBScript debuggers available from third-party sources, and many text editors offer syntax highlighting for the language.
During execution, when an error occurs, the script host issues a message stating the type of error and the number of the offending line.
Uses
Although VBScript is a general-purpose scripting language, several particular areas of use are noteworthy. First, it used to be widely used among system administrators in the Microsoft environment., but it has since been vastly surpassed by PowerShell. Second, VBScript is the scripting language for Micro Focus Unified Functional Testing, a test automation tool. A third area to note is the adoption of VBScript as the internal scripting language for some embedded applications, such as industrial operator interfaces and human machine interfaces. The hierarchical DBMS InterSystems Caché (which has its roots in the language MUMPS) also supports an implementation of VBScript, Cache BASIC, for programming stored code.
VBScript omits several useful features of the full Visual Basic, such as strong typing, extended error trapping and the ability to pass a variable number of parameters to a subroutine. However, its use is relatively widespread because it is easy to learn and because those who implement code in the language need not pay royalties to Microsoft as long as the VBScript trademark is acknowledged. When an organization licenses Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) from Microsoft, as companies such as Autodesk, StatSoft, Great Plains Accounting and Visio (subsequently acquired by Microsoft) have done, it is allowed to redistribute the full VBA code-writing and debugging environment with its product.
VBScript is used in place of VBA as the macro language of Outlook 97.
VBScript can be effectively used for automating day to day office tasks as well as monitoring in the Windows-based environment. It can also be used in collaboration with ADODB ActiveX Data Objects (ADODB) for effective database connectivity.
VBScript can also be used to create malware and viruses, such as the ILOVEYOU worm that spread through email attachment in Outlook 97 that cost billions of dollars.
See also
AppleScript
FastTrack Scripting Host
HTML Components
JavaScript
JScript .NET
JScript
PerlScript
Windows PowerShell
Windows Script File
References
External links
VBScript Language Reference, Microsoft Docs
Is VBScript Dead?, isvbscriptdead.com
VBScript Commands, ss64.com
VBScript How-to guides and examples, ss64.com
WMI Overview, Microsoft TechNet
BASIC programming language family
Internet Explorer
Microsoft programming languages
Programming languages created in 1996
Scripting languages
Windows components
Scient was a San Francisco-based Internet consulting company, founded in 1997, that was one of the large American consulting firms during the dot-com bubble. The company was founded by Eric Greenberg, who had previously founded its competitor, Viant. Its CEO was Robert Howe, the former head of IBM global consulting. At its height in the fall of 2000, it had quarterly revenues of US$100 million, 1,180 employees and a stock price of US$133. In August 2001, it bought rival company iXL; by then its quarterly revenues were down to US$11 million.
In July 2002, the company filed for bankruptcy and was bought by SBI and Company, which became SBI Group. SBI Group later sold Scient with the other members of Avenue A/Razorfish to a company called aQuantive. aQuantive, in turn, was bought by Microsoft in August 2007 and became Microsoft's newly created Advertiser and Publisher Solutions (APS) Group.
On August 9, 2009, Microsoft sold the firm to Publicis Groupe for $530M in cash and stock.
At the time of the IPO in May 1999, the management team was headed by Eric Greenberg, Chairman and Founder, and Robert M. Howe, President & Chief Executive Officer.
References
Online companies of the United States
Technology companies established in 1997
The Minardi M192 was a Formula One car designed by Aldo Costa and built by the Minardi team for the 1992 Formula One season. The car was powered by the Lamborghini V12 engine and ran on Goodyear tyres.
First raced in the San Marino Grand Prix, the M192's best finish was when Christian Fittipaldi drove it to 6th place at the Japanese Grand Prix. This earned Minardi its first and only point of the season.
Design and development
Following the 1991 season, in which Minardi scored six points for seventh place in the Constructor's Championship, a number of changes were implemented. In particular, the expensive Ferrari V12s it had used had been replaced with a supply of Lamborghini 3512 V12 engines for 1992. This change saved the team around 20% in its expenditure on engines, but the V12 weighed in at a heavy . It had a capacity of and was rated as having 730 brake horsepower. From the Italian Grand Prix, the team received uprated 'B' specification engines. In addition to securing the use of the Lamborghini V12, Minardi was also provided with the manufacturer's 6-speed transverse gearbox.
Designed by Aldo Costa, with aerodynamic input from Rene Hilhorst, the M192 was intended to have a stiffer chassis than the M191. The monocoque chassis was of carbon fibre and configured with double wishbone pushrod suspension having twin Koni springs, front and rear. The front dampers were externally mounted, which allowed them to be more easily adjusted as the need arose. Brakes were by Brembo. The steering was of a Minardi design and the car ran on Goodyear tyres. Its wheelbase was , the front track was while the rear track was . The capacity of the fuel tank was and fuel and oil was supplied by Agip. The overall weight of the car was .
Sponsorship was provided by a variety of companies, and included SCM, Sabiem, Resta, AST, IBF, Calcestruzzi and CIFA. The car was presented in a largely black colour scheme, with bands of white and yellow.
Some aerodynamic components from the previous year's car, the M191, were carried over to the M192. However, partway through the year, Minardi identified errors in its wind tunnel data which had to be rectified. For financial reasons, there was limited development through the course of the year. The M192 was noted for suffering understeer. When Gustav Brunner joined the team towards the end of the season, he introduced detail changes which improved the car's handling.
Race history
The drivers for 1992 was Gianni Morbidelli, continuing on from the previous year, and Christian Fittipaldi, who had won the Formula 3000 Championship in 1991. The team started the year with an interim car, the M191B, which had been modified to take the Lamborghini engines. Its best finish was Morbidelli's seventh place at the Brazilian Grand Prix.
The M192 was first used at the Spanish Grand Prix but only in practice, by Morbidelli who drove the M191B in qualifying and the race. The new car was first used competitively at the fifth race of the year, the San Marino Grand Prix, the team bringing two chassis for its drivers. A M191B was also present as the spare car. Both drivers retired in the race with transmission issues, having qualified 21st (Morbidelli) and 25th (Fittipaldi).
At the next race, in Monaco, Fittipaldi finished in 8th, having qualified in 17th. Morbidelli retired after lap 1; he had qualified in 12th but had to start the race from the pit lane. He finished the next race, in Canada, in 11th having been involved in a collision with Michele Alboreto's Footwork FA13. Fittipaldi retired from 13th late in the race with gearbox issues. At the French Grand Prix Fittipaldi suffered major back injuries following a crash in practice, leaving the team to run a single entry for Morbidelli in the race. He qualified in 16th and went on to finish 8th in the race, a lap down on the winner.
Fittipaldi had injured his spine sufficiently to put him out for the next three races. He was replaced by Alessandro Zanardi, who failed to qualify for the British Grand Prix. Morbidelli qualified 25th and finished 17th in the race although he was not running at the end. At the German Grand Prix, Zanardi qualified in 24th ahead of Mordidelli who was in the 26th and last spot on the grid. The drivers complained about the relative lack of speed on the low drag circuit and had to run low downforce settings in an attempt to make up straightline speed. In the race, Zanardi retired on lap 2 with gearbox problems while Morbidelli finished in 12th, one lap down. At the following race in Hungary, neither driver qualified. It was Zanardi's final appearance for the team.
Fittipaldi returned for the Belgian Grand Prix but failed to qualify. Morbidelli did make the starting grid, in 16th, but after a heavy accident in qualifying. He used the spare car for the race, in which he finished in 16th place. The team implemented aerodynamic changes for the Italian Grand Prix, but this did not help Fittipaldi who failed to qualify again. Morbidelli fared better, placing 12th on the grid. He was running in this position in the early stages of the race when he retired with a crankshaft failure. Fittipaldi later conceded that his return to racing was premature and affected his performance.
At the last race in Europe, in Portugal, Minardi was able to qualify both cars, with Fittipaldi in last place and Morbidelli in 18th. Both drivers finished as well, although three laps down; Fittipaldi in 12th place and Morbidelli in 14th. In the Japanese Grand Prix, Fittipaldi finished 6th from 12th on the grid, gaining Minardi its first and only point of the season. For much of the race he had battled with Ferrari driver Jean Alesi. Morbidelli started and finished the race in 14th position. The final race of the 1992 season was in Australia, where the M192 was qualified in 16th and 17th on the grid, Morbidelli ahead of Fittipaldi. Both cars finished, Fittipaldi in 9th and closely hounding Aguri Suzuki in the Footwork by the end of the race, while Morbidelli, having run as high as 8th at one stage, was placed 10th.
Fittpaldi placed equal 17th in the 1992 Driver's Championship while the team's single point saw it finish joint 11th in the Constructor's Championship, alongside Jordan and Venturi Larrousse, the latter also using the Lamborghini engine.
Complete Formula One results
(key) (results in bold indicate pole position; results in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Notes
References
1992 Formula One season cars
Minardi Formula One cars
The Copenhagen City Council (Danish: ) is the municipal government of Copenhagen, Denmark, and has its seat at Copenhagen City Hall.
The city council is Copenhagen's highest political authority and sets the framework for the committees' tasks. The City of Copenhagen's government consists of an economic committee and six standing committees, each working in its own field.
The city council has 55 members (abbreviated MBs), and is chaired by the lord mayor (), who chairs the Economic Affairs Committee. The chairpersons of the six standing committees have the title of mayor (). The lord mayor, together with the six mayors and six members of the city council, make up the Economic Affairs Committee. Unlike other Danish municipalities, the City of Copenhagen does not have deputy mayors, but a first and second vice-chair of the city council.
History
The forerunner of the Copenhagen City Council, the Council of 32 Men (), was established in 1660. The assembly primarily consisted of high-ranking citizens. In 1840, the city council was established by royal decree, consisting of 36 democratically elected members. This number was increased to 42 members in 1903. Later, in 1913, the city council was expanded to 55 members.
Committees
The seven committees are:
Economic Affairs committee (Lord Mayor Sophie Hæstorp Andersen, Social Democrats)
Culture and Leisure Committee (Mayor , Social Liberal Party)
Technical and Environmental Committee (Mayor Line Barfod, Red–Green Alliance)
Children and Youth Committee (Mayor Jakob Næsager, The Conservative People's Party)
Social Affairs Committee (Mayor Karina Vestergård Madsen, Red–Green Alliance)
Health and Care Committee (Mayor , Socialist People's Party)
Employment and Integration Committee (Mayor Cecilia Lonning-Skovgaard, Venstre)
Composition of the city council
Below are the municipal councils elected since 1909.
City council chairs
1840–1840
1841–1853 Lauritz Nicolai Hvidt (National Liberal Party)
1853–1858 Hans Peter Hansen (again)
1858–1860
1860–1863 (National Liberal Party)
1863–1873 (Højre [1848 party])
1873–1883 (Højre [1881 party])
1883–1885 (again) (Højre)
1885–1895 Peter Frederik Koch (Højre)
1895–1898 (Højre)
1898–1907 Herman Trier (from 1905: Danish Social Liberal Party)
1907–1909 (independent)
1909–1910 (Social Democrats)
1910–1912 ()
1912–1913 (again)
1913–1917 (Social Democrats)
1917–1919 Anthon Andersen (Social Democrats)
1919–1924 Thorvald Stauning (Social Democrats)
1924–1925 (Social Democrats)
1925–1926 (Social Democrats)
1926–1937 (Social Democrats)
1937–1938 Julius C. Hansen (Social Democrats)
1938–1942 (Social Democrats)
1942–1946 (Social Democrats)
1946–1962 (Social Democrats)
1962–1970 (Social Democrats)
1970–1976 Egon Weidekamp (Social Democrats)
1976–1981 (Social Democrats)
1982–1986 (Social Democrats)
1986–1989 (The Conservative People's Party)
1990–1993 (Socialist People's Party)
1994–1997 (Social Democrats)
Since 1998, the incumbent mayor has been the permanent chair of the city council.
See also
List of lord mayors of Copenhagen
References
External links
Københavns Borgerrepræsentation – the official website
City Hall Library: City Council – overview of all mayors and members of the Copenhagen City Council
1840 establishments
Copenhagen Municipality
Real Book is an album by the bassist Steve Swallow, released on the Xtra Watt label in 1994.
Reception
AllMusic awarded the album 4 stars and the review by Rick Anderson states: "This program finds him showing off his considerable writing chops with the help of an all-star group... His focus on the upper registers and the polyester tone of his five-string bass guitar will continue to annoy those who prefer to hear the bass played dark, low and woody, but there's no denying the consistent inventiveness of his playing or the charm of these compositions".
Track listing
All compositions by Steve Swallow.
"Bite Your Grandmother" - 4:40
"Second Handy Motion" - 4:47
"Wrong Together" - 5:19
"Outfits" - 5:52
"Thinking Out Loud" - 5:04
"Let's Eat" - 5:38
"Better Times" - 3:49
"Willow" - 4:13
"Muddy in the Bank" - 3:20
"Ponytail" - 6:26
Personnel
Steve Swallow - 5-string bass guitar
Tom Harrell - trumpet, flugelhorn
Joe Lovano - tenor saxophone
Mulgrew Miller - piano
Jack DeJohnette - drums
References
Steve Swallow albums
1994 albums
"J'suis pas dupe" () is the first single by French singer Pomme from her debut EP En cavale and was released on 29 June 2015 via Polydor Records. "J'suis pas dupe" was written by Pomme herself and produced by Yann Arnaud, it reached position 66 in Belgium, becoming her second-highest song in that country after "Okay".
Music video
The music video was directed by Sébastien Brodart, who also directed the rest of En cavale music videos, and was released on 29 June 2015. The music video shows Pomme riding a bicycle along a rural road.
Personnel
Credits adapted from En cavale and "J'suis pas dupe" liner notes.
Musicians
Pommelead and backing vocals, cello
Olivier Margueritbass guitar, piano, synthesizer
Sammy Decosterguitar, banjo
Jean Thevenindrums, percussion
Victor Rouxcomposer
Design
Frank Lorioudesign
Lucie Sassiatphotography
Production
Yann Arnaudproduction, recording
Jean-Dominique Grossardadditional recording
Antoine Chabertmastering, engineering
Recording
Recorded at La Frette Studios (La Frette-sur-Seine, France), Melodium Studio (Paris, France), and Studio Polydor (London, England)
Mixed at La Frette Studios (La Frette-sur-Seine, France) and Melodium Studio (Paris, France)
Mastered at Translab (Paris, France)
Produced at La Frette Studios (La Frette-sur-Seine, France) and Melodium Studio (Paris, France)
Charts
References
External links
Lyrics of this song at Musixmatch
2015 singles
Pomme songs
The Slovak Social Democratic Party of the Kingdom of Hungary, or Slovak Executive Committee, was a Slovak social democratic political party in the Kingdom of Hungary, existing as an independent party from June 1905 to March 1906 and affiliated with the Hungarian Social Democratic Party an autonomous Nationality Committee from 1906 to 1918. Emanuel Lehocký was the chairman of the party. The central organ of the party was Slovenské robotnícke noviny.
The Slovak social democrats had decided at their first congress in Pressburg in June 1905 to form a party of their own, breaking out of the fold of the Hungarian Social Democratic Party. However the Slovak social democrats were unable to wrest control over trade unions, the main source of financial means for the social democratic parties, from the Hungarian Social Democratic Party. Thus the following year the Second Slovak Social Democratic Congress, held in March 1906, resolved to reunite with the Hungarian party as the Slovak Executive Committee. The Slovak Executive Committee rallied Slovak workers in Hungary for the social democratic cause. The organization had a high degree of political autonomy. It sent its own delegations to the congresses of the Hungarian Social Democratic Party. There was however criticism within the Hungarian Social Democratic Party that the Slovak Executive Committee espoused separatism and were funded by the Czechoslav party leadership in Prague.
The 1906 annual congress of the Hungarian Social Democratic Party confirmed the role of the nationality committees in the party. At the time of the Third Slovak Social Democratic Congress held in March 1908 the Slovak Executive Committee represented 6,346 members, organized in trade union organizations in 35 localities and Slovak committees in six cities.
The party merged with the Czechoslovak Social Democratic Labour Party on December 15, 1918. After integration into the Czechoslovak Social Democratic Labour Party in 1918, the Slovak Executive Committee enjoyed substantial autonomy. However, by 1920 the party leadership in Prague curtailed the autonomy of the Slovak branch. It also reduced the number of Slovak representatives in the party leadership from three to one.
References
Political parties in Austria-Hungary
1905 establishments in Slovakia
Political history of Slovakia
Social Democratic Party of Hungary
Social democratic parties in Slovakia
Serdica (, in older sources also Srdica; Prekmurje Slovene: Srdica, ) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
References
External links
Serdica on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Rogašovci
Saint Mary's Battery (), also known as Qolla s-Safra Battery () or Gironda Battery (), was an artillery battery in Marsalforn, limits of Żebbuġ, Gozo, Malta. It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
The battery formed part of a chain of fortifications built to defend Marsalforn and nearby bays from Ottoman or Barbary attacks. Although the area was fortified by a number of towers, batteries, redoubts and entrenchments, all of these have been destroyed except for Qolla l-Bajda Battery between Qbajjar and Xwejni Bays.
The battery consisted of a semi-circular gun platform ringed by a parapet, and two blockhouses joined together by a wall. It has been demolished and no remains can be seen.
References
Batteries in Malta
Hospitaller fortifications in Malta
Military installations established in 1715
Demolished buildings and structures in Malta
Żebbuġ, Gozo
Limestone buildings in Malta
18th-century fortifications
1715 establishments in Malta
Cyclothone livida is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyclothone. It is found in the Eastern Atlantic Ocean.
References
Gonostomatidae
Fish described in 1902
Henri Christophe (1767–1820) also known as Henri I (or Henry I), was a Haitian military leader and king.
People
Henri Christophe (referee), a Belgian international football referee.
James Featherstone may refer to:
Jim Featherstone (1923–2014), English rugby league footballer who played in the 1940s and 1950s
James Featherstone (footballer) (born 1979), English footballer
USS Spitfire was the former Baltimore privateer Grampus that the United States Navy purchased. She was a heavily armed schooner built for service in the War of 1812, but did not see service until the Barbary Wars when she was sent with the American fleet to the Mediterranean to force an end to piracy of American ships.
Privateer
Grampuss captain was John Murphy. She was commissioned as a privateer on 12 February 1813.
As a privateer she captured or recaptured eight vessels:
Catherine & William, brig, lost at sea
Eclipse, brig, sent in
Ceres, brig, burnt
Expedition, ketch, New York
Doris, brig, transport, Marblehead
Speculator, brig, divested, given up
Dry Harbor, schooner, sent in
Brig, burnt
Purchased for the War of 1812
The third ship to be named Spitfire by the U.S. Navy, Spitfire was purchased at Baltimore, Maryland, about 21 December 1814 for service in a squadron commanded by Commodore David Porter which was to operate out of southern American ports against British shipping in the West Indies. However, the Treaty of Ghent ended the second American war with the United Kingdom (UK) before Porter could get the squadron to sea.
Assigned to the Barbary Wars
However, as the United States ended war with the UK, it was reopening hostilities with Algiers. As a result, the ships acquired for Porter's commerce raiding squadron were assigned to a squadron assembled for operations against the Barbary pirates, commanded by Commodore Stephen Decatur.
Spitfire departed New York City with the squadron 20 May 1815, and sailed to the Mediterranean. On 19 June, she helped Epervier, Spark, and Torch to chase Estedio ashore at Cape Palos and capture that Algerian brig.
Spitfire then sailed with the squadron to Algiers where its presence forced the Dey to agree to American terms.
The squadron then sailed, in turn, to Tunis and Tripoli and successfully demanded indemnities for violations of treaties with the United States during the recent American war with the UK.
In September, Spitfire headed home and was laid up until she was sold 3 April 1816.
References
Cranwell, John Philips, & William Bowers Crane (1940) Men of marque; a history of private armed vessels out of Baltimore during the War of 1812. (New York, W.W. Norton & Co.).
1812 ships
Ships built in Baltimore
Privateer ships of the United States
War of 1812 ships of the United States
Barbary Wars American ships
Schooners of the United States Navy
1814 ships
Guadalcázar may refer to:
Guadalcázar, San Luis Potosí, México
Guadalcázar (Córdoba), Spain
Villa de Santa Catalina de Guadalcázar del Valle de Moquegua, Peru
Santiago de Guadalcázar, Argentina
Diego Fernández de Córdoba, Marquis of Guadalcázar
SMS Wacht was an aviso of the Imperial German Navy, the lead ship of her class. She had one sister ship, . Wacht was built by the AG Weser shipyard; she was laid down in 1886, launched in August 1887, and commissioned in August 1888. She served in the active fleet through the 1890s and participated in numerous training exercises. Her career was cut short on 4 September 1901, when she collided with the old ironclad . The latter's ram bow holed Wacht under the waterline and caused her to rapidly sink. Her crew was safely rescued, however, and there were no casualties.
Design
With the selection of General Leo von Caprivi to replace the former chief of the Kaiserliche Admiralität (Imperial Admiralty), Albrecht von Stosch, in 1883, the navy began to experiment more seriously with torpedo-armed warships along the lines of the Jeune École. Caprivi was a proponent of cheaper torpedo boats, and he directed that future avisos should forsake size and gun power in favor of higher speed and torpedo armament. The Wacht class was the first design prepared in accordance with Caprivi's directives, and it proved to be a failure, owing to poor seakeeping as a result of its smaller size, and a gun battery that was insufficient to allow them to engage comparable vessels in other fleets.
Wacht was long overall and had a beam of and a maximum draft of forward. She displaced as designed and up to at full load. Her propulsion system consisted of two angled 3-cylinder triple expansion engines. Steam for the engines was provided by four coal-fired locomotive boilers. The ship's propulsion system was rated for and provided a top speed of and a range of approximately at . Wacht had a crew of 7 officers and 134 enlisted men.
As built, the ship was armed with three K L/35 guns placed in single pivot mounts. The guns were supplied with a total of 180 rounds of ammunition. Wacht also carried three torpedo tubes, one mounted submerged in the bow and the other two in deck-mounted launchers on the broadside. In 1891, four SK L/30 guns in single mounts were installed in place of the 10.5 cm guns. The ship was the first German aviso to carry armor: a thick deck, along with of armor plating for the conning tower.
Service history
Construction – 1892
The keel for Wacht was laid down in August 1886 at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen. She was launched on 27 August 1887 and Vizeadmiral (Vice Admiral) Alexander von Monts, the chief of the Marinestation der Nordsee (North Sea Naval Station) christened the ship. In early 1888, she was transferred to Wilhelmshaven, where her armament was installed, and she was commissioned on 9 August to begin sea trials. These concluded on 13 December in Wilhelmshaven. She was temporarily assigned to the newly created Reserve Division of the North Sea over the winter of 1888–1889 before being transferred to Kiel on 1 May to begin engine trials, after which she was assigned to the Maneuver Squadron. During training exercises with the squadron, Wacht suffered a burst boiler tube on 20 June that forced her to return to port for repairs. In early August, she joined the squadron for a visit to Britain, arriving back in Wilhelmshaven on 31 August. The fleet then conducted its annual large-scale maneuvers. After the maneuvers ended in September, Korvettenkapitän (KK—Corvette Captain) Friedrich von Baudissin took command of the vessel.
Late in the year, Wacht joined a squadron of four old ironclads—, , , and that escorted Kaiser Wilhelm II and Kaiserin Augusta Victoria aboard their yacht Hohenzollern to Greece for the wedding of Princess Sophie, the Kaiser's sister, to Constantine, then the crown prince of the Kingdom of Greece. Prince Heinrich also cruised with the squadron aboard the protected cruiser . During the cruise, the Germans visited numerous ports in the Mediterranean, including state visits to Italy, the Ottoman Empire, followed by the Austro-Hungarian Empire. While in Trieste in Austria-Hungary, the squadron was present for a naval review for the Austro-Hungarian Kaiser Franz Joseph I in Muggia. Wacht developed boiler problems that necessitated repairs at the naval arsenal at Pola; she remained there until 29 January 1890, when she was able to get underway again. She met the rest of the squadron in Malta on 1 February, but left for home independently, arriving in Wilhelmshaven on 22 February, while the rest of the squadron remained in the Mediterranean until April. Wacht had in the meantime been decommissioned there on 6 March.
While out of service, the ship underwent a thorough overhaul and had her gun armament replaced. On 6 October 1891, she was recommissioned for sea trials that lasted until the end of February 1892; during this period, her commander was KK Hermann da Fonseca-Wollheim. She was assigned to II Division of the Maneuver Squadron on 8 March and KK Ludwig Borckenhagen relieved Fonseca-Wollheim, Wacht thereafter taking part in exercises in the North Sea off the coast of Norway. She was detached from the unit to escort Hohenzollern from 4 to 8 June while Wilhelm II visited Tsar Nicholas II of Russia. Later in the year, the ship had a minor collision with the artillery training ship . Borckenhagen left the ship in September and Wacht was decommissioned on 12 October.
1893–1901
Wacht was recommissioned on 13 January 1893, initially serving as a training ship for engine and boiler room crews for torpedo boats. Kapitänleutnant (Captain Lieutenant) Alfred Ehrlich commanded the ship during the year. In early March, she was reassigned to serve as a flotilla leader for torpedo boats, and in mid-April, she was once again detached to escort Hohenzollern, though this was the new yacht of that name, while it was being taken from Swinemünde to Kiel. While on the way, the vessels encountered the Flensburg-flagged merchant ship that had run aground and Wacht pulled her free and towed er to Kiel. Ten days later, the navy established I Torpedo-boat Flotilla, based in Kiel; Wacht served as the flotilla leader and flagship of KK Gustav Schmidt. The unit consisted of two divisions and included twelve torpedo boats in total. The vessels conducted training maneuvers over the next two months and in early July, Wacht cruised with the Maneuver Squadron in the North Sea. The annual fleet maneuvers were held from 20 August to 23 September in the North and Baltic Seas, and upon their conclusion, I Torpedo-boat Flotilla was dissolved for the year. On 27 September, Wacht accompanied Hohenzollern on her sea trials that included visits to Gothenburg, Karlskrona, and Christiansand in Sweden–Norway. Wacht then returned to Wilhelmshaven, where she was decommissioned on 11 October.
In 1894, Wacht was assigned to II Division of the Maneuver Squadron; during this period, the ships conducted a lengthy cruise in the North Sea, visiting ports in Norway and the Shetland Islands from 3 April to late June. While steaming out of Kiel on 2 July, Wacht was accidentally rammed by the ironclad . Wacht had to enter the Kaiserliche Werft (Imperial Shipyard) in Kiel for repairs that lasted until 23 July. She took part in the annual fleet maneuvers from 19 August to 21 September, after which she traded assignments with the aviso , which had been the aviso for I Division. At the same time, KK Eduard Holzhauer took command of the vessel. Wacht did not remain in service with the unit long, owing to the poor condition of her engines, and she was decommissioned in Wilhelmshaven on 8 December for repairs.
The ship remained out of service until 18 March 1896, when she was recommissioned under the command of KK Carl Friedrich, being assigned to II Division eight days later; by this time, the Maneuver Squadron had been renamed I Squadron. The ships embarked on a cruise to the Netherlands and Norway that lasted until the end of the May. Squadron exercises followed in June and July and the fleet maneuvers were held from 9 August to 15 September. During these exercises on 5 September, Wacht damaged her screws in a collision with the torpedo boat , forcing her to return to Kiel for repairs, though she was able to take part in the final stage of the maneuvers in the North Sea. She thereafter cruised through the Kattegat in mid-December to return to Kiel, where Friedrich left the ship.
On 1 January 1897, her crew was reduced, though it was replenished on 1 March to take the ship back to Wilhelmshaven in 1897, where on 4 May she was decommissioned again. During that brief period in commission, KK Otto Mandt commanded the vessel. While out of service, she was reclassified as a "Kleiner Kreuzer" (small cruiser) on 27 February 1899; she was recommissioned on 6 April to replace the aviso in II Division. While on maneuvers at the end of the month, she damaged one of her screws. Squadron exercises followed in July and in August, the annual fleet maneuvers began. Wacht served as a fleet scout during the exercises until 12 September, when she suffered a boiler explosion that killed four men and injured another five. The ironclad towed her to Kiel for temporary repairs before she was transferred to Wilhelmshaven. There, she was decommissioned on 27 September.
Loss
Wacht was recommissioned on 11 August 1901 under the command of KK Hugo von Cotzhausen and was assigned to I Scouting Group six days later. The unit operated with II Squadron in the North Sea in August, and on the last day of the month, the fleet maneuvers began in the Baltic. While the ships were steaming through Danzig Bay on 4 September, the fleet commander ordered Wacht and the small cruiser to pass from the seaward side of the line to the other so that signals from the ships could be relayed to shore. Wacht attempted to pass between the ironclads and Wachts helmsman misjudged the distance and passed too closely in front of Sachsen. Sachsen immediately attempted to reverse course to avoid ramming the ship, but the two vessels collided. Sachsens ram bow tore a large hole in Wachts port side, which began to slowly sink. The battleship attempted to tow Wacht to shallow water, but several of Wachts internal bulkheads collapsed under the strain and the ship quickly sank. Nevertheless, her crew was taken off safely; neither ship suffered any casualties. The navy later attempted to raise the ship, which had sunk at a depth of more than , but the efforts proved fruitless. A court martial was held for Cotzhausen on 8 October, who was acquitted of any wrong-doing in the accident.
Footnotes
Notes
Citations
References
Wacht-class avisos
1887 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Maritime incidents in 1901
Shipwrecks of Germany
North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Limited (NEEPCO) is
a central public sector undertaking. It is under the ownership of Ministry of Power, Government of India. It was formed on 2 April 1976 to plan, investigate, design, construct, generate, operate and maintain power stations in the North Eastern Region of India.
NEEPCO is conferred with the Schedule A- Miniratna Category-I CPSE status.
Venture
NEEPCO is embarking on a plan to generate power from non-conventional sources of energy, especially by tapping solar power and wind in the coming years. Current capacity of NEEPCO is 2057 MW (2021).
NTPC Limited takeover
On 21 November 2019, the Government of India approved the take over of North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Limited (NEEPCO) by NTPC Limited.
See also
Kopili Hydro Electric Project
Ranganadi Dam
References
Government agencies established in 1976
Electric-generation companies of India
1976 establishments in Meghalaya
Companies based in Meghalaya
The 2017 NCAA Division I women's soccer season was the 36th season of NCAA women's college soccer. The USC Trojans were the defending national champions.
Preseason
Coaching changes
Conference realignment
Three schools joined new conferences this season. Two moved their entire athletic programs to new conferences, and a third began play in its current all-sports league.
Valparaiso moved from the Horizon League to the Missouri Valley Conference. The Crusaders replaced Wichita State, which does not sponsor either men's or women's soccer, after that school left the MVC for the American Athletic Conference.
The Horizon League replaced Valparaiso by recruiting IUPUI from the Summit League.
Kansas State, a full Big 12 Conference member that started its women's soccer program in 2016 and played that season as an independent, began playing a full Big 12 schedule.
While no Division I schools added women's soccer programs for 2017, two NCAA Division II members that sponsor women's soccer announced during the 2016–17 offseason that they would upgrade their athletic programs to Division I effective in 2018.
North Alabama, currently in the Gulf South Conference, will join the Atlantic Sun Conference.
California Baptist will leave the Pacific West Conference for the Western Athletic Conference.
The 2017 season is the last for one Division I school in its current conference:
North Dakota will leave the Big Sky Conference, its home since 2012, to join the Summit League in 2018.
Season Overview
Polls
Pre-season polls
Final polls
Major upsets
Conference winners and tournaments
Postseason
NCAA Tournament
The tournament field will consist of 31 teams which have qualified by virtue of winning their conference's automatic berth as well as 33 teams chosen at-large by the NCAA Division I Women's Soccer Committee. The bracket will be announced on November 6. The tournament will begin with first-round matches played at campus sites on November 10. The tournament will conclude with the semifinals and finals played at Orlando City Stadium in Orlando, Florida on December 1 and 3.
Conference standings
See also
College soccer
List of NCAA Division I women's soccer programs
2017 in American soccer
2017 NCAA Division I Women's Soccer Tournament
2017 NCAA Division I men's soccer season
References
NCAA, Women
Željko Brkić (Serbian Cyrillic: Жељко Бркић, born 9 July 1986) is a Serbian retired professional football goalkeeper.
Club career
Early career in Serbia
Brkić, playing in the goalkeeper position, started his career as a professional began at the club Indeks Novi Sad and Vojvodina, before playing professionally at Vojvodina. Brkić loaned him to Proleter Novi Sad in 2005, where he stayed for the club about two years. At Proleter Novi Sad, Brkić made thirty-one appearances. After his return from loan, Brkić made his debut for the club, in a 1–0 win over Napredak Kruševac on 2 September 2007. Since then, Brkić soon became a first-choice goalkeeper and soon became the club's captain. At the club, Brkić made a total of 117 appearances.
Siena
In the summer of 2011, Brkić left Serbia to join Italian side Udinese. Because Udinese ran out of non-EU registration quota for international signing (which Udinese had to buy one from other club) as well as the performance of Slovenian internationals Samir Handanović, Brkić was signed by Serie A club Siena in definitive deal from Vojvodina, which he would transfer back to Udine in a later time. (which just cost Siena for €20,000 as other fee.).
On 11 September 2011, Brkić made his debut in a 0–0 draw against Catania, keeping his first clean sheet on his debut in Serie A. In October, following impressive performances with Siena, Brkić was linked with a move to English side Tottenham Hotspur. In response of a transfer speculation, however, Brkić told Serbian daily Sport that he is aware of the transfer rumour, but insists he is focusing at Siena. Brkić also says he is no rush of leaving the club and insists the move is not affecting his form. After a 2–0 loss against Milan on 17 December 2011 in which Brkić get a yellow card resulting a penalty, Brkić soon had an operation that kept him out for many months after fracturing his left fibula. A year on, Brkić spoke about his injury and find it difficult to come back to recover. In January 2012, Brkić was transferred back to Udinese for free and returned to Siena on a temporary deal also for free. During his injury, Siena used Gianluca Pegolo as first choice. Brkić played his first game since his injury on 22 April. In a 1–1 draw against Bologna on 25 April 2012, Brkić scored an own goal from an Alessandro Diamanti free kick, denying Siena a win.
Udinese
2012–13
After a season with Siena, Brkić became the club's first-choice goalkeeper following Samir Handanović's departure to Inter Milan. Having established himself in the first team, Brkić made his debut for the club in the UEFA Champions League qualification round against Portuguese side Braga. Unfortunately, Udinese was eliminated in the Champions League and demoted to the UEFA Europa League after losing in the penalty shoot-out in the second leg, just three days before he made his league debut in a 2–1 loss against Fiorentina. However, the next game was even gone worse for Brkić when he gave away the penalty in early minutes and received a red card in a 4–1 loss against regaining champion Juventus. After the match, former referee Daniele Tombolini says Brkić's sending-off was a mistake because Sebastian Giovinco, the opposition player in the match, did not have possession of the ball, though he maintained his views that the foul was a penalty. Brkić then miss one match against Siena and made his return when Udinese won 2–1 against Milan the next game. On 4 October 2012, Brkić was in goal when Udinese beat Liverpool 3–2, making good save from Luis Suárez twice and a header from Jonjo Shelvey. Unfortunately, Udinese would then be eliminated from the Europa League, following a string of losses. In mid-January, Brkić soon suffered an injury after fracturing the second finger of his right hand and went to surgery that kept him out at least a month. A month later, Brkić made his return, playing in friendly match against Gemonese on 26 February 2013. After the match, Brkić says he was prepared to make a comeback. Brkić made his return on 3 March 2013 against Pescara, where the club won 1-0. After the match, Brkić returned as a first-choice goalkeeper for the rest of the 2012–13 season.
2013–14
In the 2013–14 season, Brkić was ruled out for the start of the season after injuring his shoulder while exercising in the gym, which ruled him out for four months. During his absence, he was replaced by Simone Scuffet in goal. After three months out of action, Brkić made his return in a 2–1 win over Sassuolo. Brkić's performance with Udinese were praised in the media, who noted that he "saved at least three goal-bound efforts while blocking several strong shots and commanded his area giving sustenance and substance to his whole defence". This earned him Serie A Team of Week 10. Juventus invited schoolchildren to watch their match against Udinese in December in place of banned Ultras, but they shouted abuse at Brkić after each goal kick, and Juventus were fined €5,000.
PAOK
On 7 July 2016, Brkić signed a three-year deal with Superleague Greece club PAOK. Brkić, who had already agreed terms with PAOK's president/technical director Ľuboš Micheľ, passed his medical at the Thessaloniki-based club and then signed his new contract, leaving Italy after five consecutive seasons. Brkić, along with the experienced Greek internationals Panagiotis Glykos and Markos Vellidis, is expected to be part of a very strong triplete in goalkeeper's position for PAOK ahead of 2016-17 season.
International career
Brkić started participating in the national team, playing for Serbia U-21 and was even in the U21 squad for the 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship despite being age twenty-two. In the European U21 Football Championship, Brkić played three match, all in group-stage. Brkić also managed to keep two clean sheets in the tournament.
On 3 March 2010, Brkić made his senior debut for the national team, coming on for Vladimir Stojković as a substitute in the 81st minute after Stojković suffered an injury during a match, in a 3–0 win over Algeria. In the 2010 FIFA World Cup, Brkić was named for the national team squad ahead of the World Cup. Unfortunately, Brkić was dropped from the squad after manager Radomir Antić trimmed the squad from 24 to 23. Years on, Brkić was the national first choice goalkeeper, beating competition from Vladimir Stojković in the World Cup qualifier.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Vojvodina
Serbian SuperLiga runner-up: 2008–09
Serbian Cup runner-up (3): 2006–07, 2009–10, 2010–11
PAOK
Super League Greece runner-up: 2016–17
Greek Football Cup: 2016–17
References
External links
Željko Brkić at Utakmica.rs
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Novi Sad
Serbian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Serbia international footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
FK Vojvodina players
FK Kabel players
FK Proleter Novi Sad players
Serbian SuperLiga players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
Udinese Calcio players
Cagliari Calcio players
A.C. Carpi players
PAOK FC players
Serie A players
Super League Greece players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Albrecht Ludwig von Groddeck (25 August 1837 – 18 July 1887) was a Prussian geologist and a lecturer at the Clausthal mining academy (today the Technical University of Clausthal). He contributed to studies on lithology and ore distribution, classifying ore deposits into 57 different kinds based on the pattern of distribution and association with structure of the surrounding rocks.
Groddeck was born in Danzig, son of a Prussian officer in the Commercial and Admiralty Court, and was educated at the local gymnasium after which he may have taken an interested in mining due to an uncle who was a Prussian mine superintendent. He went to study metallurgy in 1857 and worked until 1860 before going to study at the University of Berlin followed by studies at the University of Breslau. He then went to the mining academy at Clausthal where he was influenced by F. A. Roemer. After working as a chemist at mines he began to teach at the mining academy at Clausthal from 1856. Following the retirement of Roemer, he taught mineralogy and paleontology at the mining academy. He also wrote a doctoral dissertation at the University of Göttingen in 1867 on ores in the Upper Harz mountains. He became a director at the school of mine in 1871 and in 1872 was posted as königlicher Bergrath (Royal Superintendent of Mines). Among Groddeck's contribution was the classification of ore types into 57 groups based on origin and geometry of distribution.
References
External links
Abriß der Geognosie des Harzes, mit besonderer Berücksichtigung des nordwestlichen Teils. (1871)
Geognostische Durchschnitte durch den Oberharz, mit Erläuterungen. (1873)
1837 births
1887 deaths
German geologists
Prasad Srinivasan (born November 19, 1949) is a physician and Republican politician who represented the town of Glastonbury in the Connecticut House of Representatives from 2011 to 2019.
Medical education and career
Srinivasan was born in India and graduated from Baroda Medical College there. He immigrated to the United States in 1975 and did his fellowship in allergy and immunology at Michael Reese Hospital in Chicago. He was chief pediatric resident at Brookdale Hospital in Brooklyn, NY. He is certified by the American Board of Pediatrics and the American Board of Allergy and Immunology. Srinavasan is an allergist in Glastonbury, Connecticut, treating both pediatric and adult patients.
Political career
Srinivasan was first elected to the 31st district of the Connecticut House of Representatives in 2010, defeating incumbent Democrat Thomas Kehoe with 56% of the vote. He won reelection in 2012 against Chip Flanagan with 60% of the vote, in 2014 without any challenger, and in 2016 against Democrat Matt Saunig with 68% of the vote. He did not run for reelection in 2018.
Srinivasan served on the Health Committee, the Environment Committee, and as one of the few non-lawyers, on the Judiciary Committee.
Srinivasan was a candidate for the Republican nomination for governor of Connecticut in 2018.
Political views
Families and children
In 2017, Srinivasan introduced House Bill 6645, to establish parental access equality in cases involving the custody of a minor child, but the bill died in the judiciary committee. In 2018, Srinivasan was one of only three members of the Judiciary Committee voting against the reconfirmation of the controversial family court judge Jane B. Emons, who was not reconfirmed despite the positive committee vote.
Housing
In 2017, Srinivasan proposed legislation to address the problem with failing concrete foundations, but the bill died in the Joint Committee on Planning and Development.
Taxes
Srinivasan has sponsored legislation to create tax credits for renewable energy, to eliminate the business entity tax, and to phase out the corporation business tax at a rate of one per cent per year.
Awards and honors
Srinivasan received the 2013 "Legislator of the Year" Award from the Connecticut chapter of the American College of Surgeons, and the Ellis Island Medal of Honor. He was one of 18 Indian Americans who was given a Hind Ratan Award from the President of India in 2008.
References
1949 births
American politicians of Indian descent
Living people
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Connecticut Republicans
Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda alumni
People from Glastonbury, Connecticut
21st-century American politicians
Asian-American people in Connecticut politics
John Maxwell Reed (February 15, 1902 - June 27, 1973) was an American football center who played 35 games, for the Buffalo Bisons, Frankford Yellow Jackets, and New York Giants. He scored one touchdown in his career. He was the Washington Redskins Line Coach in 1950.
References
1902 births
1973 deaths
American football centers
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Buffalo Bisons (NFL) players
Frankford Yellow Jackets players
New York Giants players
Bernaldina José Pedro (25 March 1945 – 24 June 2020), commonly known as Grandma Bernaldina, () was a Brazilian activist, tribal leader, and shaman. A member of the Mascushi people, she was known for her knowledge of tribal customs. Pedro was also known for her strong support of Pope Francis. She died in 2020 from complications related to COVID-19.
Biography
Pedro was born Koko Meriná Eremunkon on 25 March 1945 in Guyana. She was part of the Macushi people, an indigenous people who live in Guyana, Northern Brazil, and Venezuela. Pedro eventually married into a Macushi family living in Northern Brazil, and over the years she became a leader of her new community. She became known as an advocate for indigenous people's rights, advocating for the establishment of a land reservation for the Macushi people. In addition, she became known as someone who was knowledgeable about traditional medicine, music, crafts, and culture. A strong supporter of Pope Francis II, in 2018 Pedro met the Pope at a public event in Rome.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Pedro managed her village's response to the pandemic. She eventually contracted the virus and died of complications on 24 June 2020.
References
1945 births
2020 deaths
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Roraima
Brazilian activists
Imre Géra (born 6 March 1947) is a former Hungarian cyclist. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1947 births
Living people
Hungarian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Hungary
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Salvatore Castiglione (21 April 1620 – 1676) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. He was born in Genoa, the brother and pupil of Giovanni Benedetto Castiglione, and he painted landscapes and pastoral subjects. He also completed a highly finished etching representing the ''Resurrection of Lazarus'' (1645).
Sources
• Jaco Rutgers, 'Not Giovanni Benedetto but Salvatore Castiglione', Print Quarterly, vol. XXI, no. 2, June 2004, pp. 163–164.
1620 births
1676 deaths
Artists from Genoa
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian engravers
Italian Baroque painters
VDE may refer to:
Science and technology
Virtual Distributed Ethernet, a virtualised network infrastructure
Violaxanthin de-epoxidase, an enzyme
Visteon Dockable Entertainment, a portable DVD player with Game Boy Advance slot
Other uses
VDE e.V. (Verband der Elektrotechnik, Elektronik und Informationstechnik), a German technical association
German Unification Transport Projects (German initials "VDE"), transportation infrastructure projects
Ashet may refer to:
A large, shallow, oval dish used for serving food; A term used in Scotland taken from French for plate, 'assiette'.
Mr. Ashet, fictional character in the Angel episode "Long Day's Journey"
Ralph A. Dunham (December 21, 1906 – September 24, 1959) was an American attorney and 18th Attorney General of South Dakota between 1951 and 1955.
Education and career
Dunham graduated from the University of Iowa College of Law.
1950 Attorney General election
On July 10, 1950, the Democratic convention was held in Huron. George A. Bangs was nominated. Further candidates considered were Albert F. Ulmer of Menno, Ralph Hutchinson of Huron, William Holland of Webster, D.C. "Cliff" Walsh of Miller, the 1948 Democrat nominee decided that he would not run again.
On July 17, 1950, the Republican convention was held in Pierre. Five candidates competed: Gene Pruitt of Sioux Falls; Ralph Dunham of Clark; Rex Sheild of Salem; Dave MacFarlane of Montrose and Raymond Heib of Ipswich who withdrew before the voting began. Dunham and Sheild advanced and Dunham prevailed with the nomination.
Dunham was elected as Attorney General of South Dakota with 144,694 votes to Bangs 97,792 votes.
1952 Attorney General election
On July 22, 1952, Dunham was re-nominated without opposition.
Dunham was re-elected as Attorney General with 187,888 votes with Democrat C.W. "Bill" Hyde receiving 94,396 votes.
References
1906 births
1959 deaths
University of Iowa College of Law alumni
South Dakota Republicans
South Dakota Attorneys General
This is a list of tambons (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter B. This information may change due to border changes or reorganization.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
B
Mount Trutch is a mountain located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. Canada. It was named in 1920 after Sir Joseph Trutch, a Canadian politician who was the first Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia.
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
Khavar Shahr (, also Romanized as Khāvar Shahr; also known as Shahrak-e Khāvar Shahr) is a village in Ghaniabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16,171, in 4,342 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Sansriti is a Bengali theatre group. The group was founded on 9 February 1993. Debesh Chattopadhyay is a notable member of this group. Notable eminent theatre and film personalities regularly participate in this group's plays.
Productions
Sansriti has staged several full length and short length plays
Full length plays
(in alphabetical order)
Brain
Bikele Bhorer Shorshe Phool
Dream Dream
EA
Phataru
Pratinidhi
Surjo Pora Chai
Winkle Twinkle
Prayaschittya
Shey
Tughlaq
Jatugriha
Short length plays
Break Fail
Cadaverous
Kanu Kahe Rai
Shyama Sundari
Tetri Kahini
Maow
Siddhidata
References
External links
Bengali theatre groups
Theatre companies in India
Performing groups established in 1993
1993 establishments in West Bengal
Ain Smara is a municipality in Constantine, Algeria. Its original name is Aïn Smara.
Geography
It is bordered by Constantine province and Ali Mendjeli (east), Oued el ethmania (Mila) (west), Ibn Ziad (north) and El Khroub (south). The Hricha Amar quarter of Ain Smara is one of the biggest Constantine quarters.
Demographics
Ain Smara has a population of about 32,548 people (2008) with 175 km² land area.
History
Ain Smara was founded in 1854. Its popularity was due to the existence of the Chettaba mountains. During the Ottoman era (1515-1830) it was close to Turc baylek Constantine. It was colonized by the French from 1830–1962 and remained a quarter of Oued el ethmania until the administrative division of 1984 when Ain Smara became a municipality.
Sport
Football is the most popular sport. The two main football clubs are Ittihad Riyadi Beladiat Aïn Smara (IRBAS) and Mouloudia Beladiat Aïn Smara (MBAS). They play in sand stadiums.
Several other sports use Bachiri Mokhtar complex, including judo, karate, handball and volleyball.
Education
There are five primary schools;
Ali Boukerzaza
Amar Bourgoud
Amar Belkerfa
Hricha Amar 1
Hricha Amar 2
Its three secondary schools are:
Mustafa Kateb technicom
Mohamed Nadjar
Chmachma Ali
Mosques
Five mosques are present:
Okba Bin Nafaa - Amar Bin Yasser
Mussa Ibn Nussair - Essalam
El farouk
References
External links
http://ency-education.com/ain-smara.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20110728114439/http://eulerdz.toile-libre.org/lycee_ain_smara.php
Communes of Constantine Province
Brunei, as Brunei Darussalam, first participated at the Olympic Games in 1988, with a single official but no athletes. The nation returned and sent athletes to compete in the Summer Olympic Games in 1996, 2000 and 2004. On each occasion, it was represented by a single athlete. Brunei has never won an Olympic medal and not participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
In the 2008 Summer Olympics, Brunei originally planned to participate, but was expelled on the day of the opening ceremony after failing to register any athletes with the IOC.
As of 2010 Brunei was, along with Saudi Arabia and Qatar, one of only three countries to never have sent a female athlete to the Olympic Games, despite only having a total of four Olympians beforehand. The International Olympic Committee in 2010 announced it would "press" these countries to allow and facilitate women's participation. At the inaugural Youth Olympics in 2010, for which mixed teams were a requirement, Brunei's three-person delegation did include two girls (Amanda Jia Xin Liew in swimming and Maziah Mahusin in hurdling).
In March 2012, Brunei informed the IOC that it intended for Maziah Mahusin to compete in London. Although Mahusin was unlikely to meet the qualifying standards for the Games, she would be able to compete thanks to the Olympics' principle of universality, which states that "NOCs have the possibility of entering unqualified athletes in athletics and swimming should they not have athletes qualified in these sports".
The National Olympic Committee for Brunei was created in 1984 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee that same year.
Olympic participants
Summer Olympics
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for Brunei at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Brunei
References
External links
Olympics
Carlos Leon is an American Paralympic track and field athlete who competes in men's shot put.
Leon is a United States Marine Corps veteran who competed for Team USA at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the shot put F53/54 event.
The documentary film Warrior Champions: From Baghdad to Beijing features Leon's individual story as he trained to try for a berth on the 2008 U.S. Paralympic team.
References
Living people
Paralympic track and field athletes of the United States
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
American male shot putters
Medalists at the 2007 Parapan American Games
San Chirico Nuovo is an Arbëreshë town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata. It was founded by Albanian settlerswith the blessing of the prince of Tolve.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Arbëresh settlements
WAXB (850 AM), is a radio station licensed to Ridgefield, Connecticut, United States, one of three area stations owned by The Berkshire Broadcasting Corporation. The others are News/Talk 800 AM WLAD and Hot Adult Contemporary 98Q/98.3 FM WDAQ. WAXB airs a Spanish adult hits radio format for the Danbury region of Connecticut. The station uses the identification "Juan 850". Because 850 AM is a clear channel frequency reserved for KOA in Denver, Colorado and KICY in Nome, Alaska, WAXB must sign off at night to avoid interference with those stations.
History
The Federal Communications Commission assigned the call letters WREF to the frequency on January 18, 1984. WREF began broadcasting on March 15, 1985, nearly a decade after getting the original construction permit, programming an adult standards format from sign-on through its sale to Berkshire in 1996, when the new owners switched the format to oldies.
In late March 2004, WREF became the first station to air Scott Shannon's "True Oldies Channel." After a period of tweaking on WREF, Shannon put the format into nationwide radio syndication in July 2004.
On February 1, 2011, WREF rebranded as "B107.3," adopted the call letters WAXB and began a simulcast of the 850 AM signal on FM translator W297AN (107.3 FM licensed to Danbury). The WAXB calls had previously been in the market at 105.5 FM before Cumulus Media abandoned the oldies format on that frequency in 2002 (which is now WDBY, a country music station). B107.3 switched to a locally programmed Classic Hits format, featuring pop and rock hits of the 1970s and 1980s on January 31, 2013.
On July 1, 2016, WAXB rebranded as "B94.5", switching translators to W233CF 94.5 FM Danbury.
On February 26, 2020, at 3 p.m., WAXB changed their format from classic hits to classic rock, branded as "94.5 The Hawk".
On December 17, 2020, WAXB changed format to Spanish Adult Hits "Juan 850." "94.5 The Hawk" moved to WDAQ-HD4 and continued to be relayed by W233CF.
References
1992 Broadcasting Yearbook, page A-63
http://meduci.com/stations.html
External links
WAXB official website
FCC History Cards for WAXB
AXB
Radio stations established in 1985
AXB
1985 establishments in Connecticut
AXB
Trailing Double Trouble is a 1940 American Western film directed by S. Roy Luby and written by George H. Plympton and Oliver Drake. The film is the second in Monogram Pictures' "Range Busters" series, and it stars Ray "Crash" Corrigan as Crash, John "Dusty" King as Dusty and Max "Alibi" Terhune as Alibi, with Lita Conway, Nancy Louise King and Roy Barcroft. The film was released on October 10, 1940, by Monogram Pictures.
Plot
The Range Busters chase a group of outlaws shooting at the occupant of a wagon. When the outlaws flee the Range Busters discover the wagon's driver is dead but there is a live baby in the wagon. They discover that the villains are trying to abduct the child to get their hands on a valuable piece of property.
Cast
Ray "Crash" Corrigan as 'Crash' Corrigan
John 'Dusty' King as Dusty King
Max Terhune as 'Alibi' Terhune
Lita Conway as Marion Horner
Nancy Louise King as The Baby
Roy Barcroft as Jim Moreland
Jack Rutherford as Amos Hardy
Tom London as Kirk
William Kellogg as Walt
Carl Mathews as Drag
Forrest Taylor as Sheriff
Kenne Duncan as Bob Horner
Rex Felker as Rope Twirler
See also
The Range Busters series:
The Range Busters (1940)
Trailing Double Trouble (1940)
West of Pinto Basin (1940)
Trail of the Silver Spurs (1941)
The Kid's Last Ride (1941)
Tumbledown Ranch in Arizona (1941)
Wrangler's Roost (1941)
Fugitive Valley (1941)
Saddle Mountain Roundup (1941)
Tonto Basin Outlaws (1941)
Underground Rustlers (1941)
Thunder River Feud (1942)
Rock River Renegades (1942)
Boot Hill Bandits (1942)
Texas Trouble Shooters (1942)
Arizona Stage Coach (1942)
Texas to Bataan (1942)
Trail Riders (1942)
Two Fisted Justice (1943)
Haunted Ranch (1943)
Land of Hunted Men (1943)
Cowboy Commandos (1943)
Black Market Rustlers (1943)
Bullets and Saddles (1943)
References
External links
1940 films
1940s English-language films
American Western (genre) films
1940 Western (genre) films
Monogram Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by S. Roy Luby
Films about babies
Films with screenplays by George H. Plympton
Range Busters
1940s American films
Rudy Rotter (1913–2001) was an American outsider and self-taught artist residing in Manitowoc, Wisconsin. Raised in Milwaukee, he moved to Manitowoc after the War in the late 1940s to setup a dental practice. After settling in and starting a family, he embarked on a simultaneous career as an artist. In the following decades he produced a prodigious volume of art.
Upon retiring from dentistry in 1987, Rotter moved his artwork from the basement of his office to a large 100-year-old warehouse. As the warehouse filled with art, it was transformed into the self-designated Rudy Rotter Museum of Sculpture. Rotter created over 15,000 pieces of art over 45 years.
Early life
Rudy Rotter grew up on the south side of Milwaukee in an Eastern European immigrant neighborhood as the youngest of six children. The family arrived at the turn of the last century, moving into a Polish-speaking neighborhood. There they built up seven small businesses before the Crash of 1929. Despite a setback during the Great Depression all the children achieved an education and entered the American mainstream. In high school, Rudy and his brother Peter became all-city football stars; an anomaly and special distinction for Jewish kids of their era. Rotter would later fashion his immigrant family experience into mythic-style tale which he then employed as the core conceptual structure of his art.
Prior to artmaking, in the early 1950s Rotter first began exercising his creative impulses as an inventor. His most notable accomplishment was inventing the first sugarless chewing gum. Other small inventions followed, but none became mature enterprises. By 1954 Rotter began to make art, a pursuit that would occupy all of his free time for the remainder of his life.
Self-taught outsider
As a self-taught artist Rotter worked outside of the norms and expectations of the traditional art community. Although generally aware of art history, he had no formal art training. Instead he relied upon his inner muse to provide the substance and style of his art. Commercial success was not a driver. Rather he possessed an inner compulsion to create, which he did every day for decades.
Rotter's limited early involvement with art included a modeling stint for his sister's art classes while an athlete at the University of Wisconsin. In dental school in the early 1940s, he attended human anatomy classes which included dissection. This knowledge was leveraged decades later in his drawings and sculptures.
Rotter was the paradox of an educated man who created naïve self-taught art.
15,000 works of art and the Rudy Rotter Museum of Sculpture
Rotter believed that the practice of art required constant and diligent hard work and commitment, and through this effort would come forth meaningful art. His lifetime creation of 15,000 works of art gave him the designation as the most prolific artist in the state of Wisconsin and possibly the nation. His compulsive daily production eventually filled a 21,000 sq. ft. warehouse. This space became the self-designated Rudy Rotter Museum of Sculpture. It was said this densely packed warehouse/museum was an art environment unto itself.
Rotter's pieces range from large mahogany bas reliefs based on the Old-Testament, to miniature machetes of imagined temples, to seven-foot tall standing wood figures. He also created paintings on found and donated materials, small assemblages, and thousands of drawings with Japanese oil crayon, and later standard magic markers.
After Rotter's passing, and due to structural problems with the building, the Museum was disassembled in 2011. The art was moved to another local location. In the process, a small portion of the collection was disseminated to various interested people and institutions in Wisconsin. The remaining art, which covered three floors of the warehouse was returned in 2015, but no longer set out in a curated and ordered state.
Variety of styles – consistency of theme
Rotter began sculpting at the age of 43, making half-size human figures in clay. By the late 1970s he was sculpting teak bas reliefs from hardwood scraps provided by a local yacht builder. At this same time he was making small machetes of imagined grand monuments. His eclectic style was born out of his constant drive to create and experiment. He used found and scavenged materials. These often suggested new forms, formats, and ideas. Unusual materials included his sister's old mink coat, scrap leather, shiny trophy factory discards, wallpaper samples, thrift shop finds, commercial paper scrap, and more. In his last decade he added drawn images on to photographic prints.
Rotter employed a variety of styles over time. Although he expressed himself intuitively without preconceived notions of what he would produce, his work had a thematic consistency.
Humanism – the family of man
The basis of Rudy Rotter's art is humanism. Rotter consistently invoked the theme of the nuclear family, and more broadly, the family of man. He used simplified images to express his strong feelings of interconnectedness, and the familial love and joy he recalled from his youth. To this well-grounded basic theme, he often added "imaginary creatures" and other surreal dreamlike expressions.
His archetypal figures are generally rendered in side or frontal view, and drawn efficiently with a limited number of lines and strokes. This basic method of depiction allowed for the figures to be both actors expressing the core human condition—while at the same time, and of equal importance, each artwork became a sophisticated abstract composition unto itself. The art both tells a story, and at the same time creates a visceral visual experience for the viewer.
By being incessantly creative with the constant re-combination of familiar subjects and new materials, Rotter keeps his humanistic theme fresh and unhackneyed with each iteration of this familial tale.
Obsessive production
Rotter had strong views on the process and philosophy of art making. To him the joy was found in the process of creating. The act of making was more important than the finished product. Since the act of making art was paramount, he did not self-critique his completed work. When a piece was finished, it was set aside and the next piece was begun. When asked what was his favorite piece, he'd answer "The one I'm working on now." This mode of continuous obsessive production is seen among many outsider artists.
Over the years none of his art was discarded. When the artwork began to completely fill the warehouse, he self-designated the space as the Rudy Rotter Museum of Sculpture; the scale and content of which fascinated and awed those who visited.
From early to late period
Rotter's Early Period (1958-1989) sculptures and drawings are most often composed of entwined and physically interrelating figures. The usually unclothed figures are without the standard cultural references to time and place. Thus they become expressions of universal humanity.
With advancing age, Rotter's strength declined. This change lead to his Late Period (1990 – 2001) work when he transitioned from hard, heavy objects to light-weight materials. His supplies included collections of wallpaper samples, shiny metal trophy discards, commercial tile samples, and a variety of other found and thrift store acquired objects. This change of materials and a resulting more flexible manner of art making, lead to his works becoming increasingly abstract and playful.
The drawings and multi-material plaques from this Late Period are basic images rendered quickly with efficient line and color. Each work is an interplay of literal subjects, boldly crafted materials, and abstract formats. The artistic merits of each piece are as important as the content. His last decade may have been his most innovative.
Exhibition history
Beginning in 1958, Rudy began showing in local and state-wide locations, such as libraries, the Wisconsin State Fair, and local colleges. He donated work to public institutions throughout the City of Manitowoc. By 1978 he was in the exhibition entitled "Grass Roots Art: Wisconsin" at the Kohler Arts Center in Sheboygan, Wisconsin. He continued to show infrequently in small venues through the early 1990s.
In 1996, the Kohler Foundation acquired 100 pieces of Rotter's art for their permanent collection. In 2003 his work was included in "Remembrance and Ritual: Jewish Folk Artists of Our Time" at the Andrew Edlin Gallery in New York. Later in 2004, his drawings made with magic markers on photographs and prints were shown in "Create and Be Recognized: Photography on the Edge" at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Francisco, and published in a book of the same name. The Portrait Society Gallery presented Rotter's art in annual shows during his final decade. In 2019, the artist's work was displayed at the Outsider Art Fair in New York, and was featured in an article in the Folk Art Messenger's 2018 Fall/Winter edition.
Various institutions have recently added Rotter's artwork to their permanent collections. These include the Kohler Foundation, INTUIT of Chicago, Museum of Wisconsin Art, Haggerty Museum of Art, University of Wisconsin Green Bay, Rahr West Art Museum, and the American Visionary Art Museum in Baltimore.
While Rudy Rotter intermittently exhibited in small art shows, he believed his art was ignored at the level of recognition it deserved and was misunderstood by most. The Kohler Foundation acquisition near the end of his life provided the formal validation he long desired.
The magic in the art
The gallerist Debra Brehmer of the Portrait Society Gallery of Milwaukee, WI, succinctly summed up the experience of entering Rudy's warehouse after his passing:
"To enter the warehouse, even in its present state, is to come in contact with a relentlessly committed spirit. Rotter believed that there was magic in the act of making things. To tap into these free forces of boundless potentiality, a realm without laws or limits, was to share in the fullest condition of humanity. The act of creating something, whether it was from a huge panel of mahogany or some cast off metal pieces from the local trophy factory, provided an avenue of access to a spiritually infused state. This is what unifies Rotter's extraordinarily diverse body of work.For Rotter, it was clearly the act of making things that held the power, not necessarily the final "product" itself. Yet each piece acts a little like an icon or totem as it gently and often humorously emits material evidence of Rudy's belief in creativity, hard-work and human intimacy. ‘Here,' Rudy seems to be saying with each piece, ‘take this work of art and remember to value life.'"
Rudy Rotter continued to create art daily until his death in 2001 at the age of 88.
Bibliography
John Michael Kohler Arts Center (1996). Rudy Rotter: Mahogany To Mink – Perspectives Series
Rajer, Anton (1998). Rudy Rotter's Spirit-Driven Art: The Odyssey and Evolution of an Artistic Vision | slide deck (lo res). Fine Arts Conservation.
"Rudy Rotter in His Museum," YouTube video, duration 00:05:58ss, post by "Randy Rotter," 08/04/2016, created in 2000 by KCPT, https://youtu.be/HniYABKi4Ys
Des Garennes, Christine (2002). Great Little Museums of the Midwest: Rudy Rotter's Museum of Sculpture. p. 50-51
Taylor, Peggy (2003). The Uncertain Legacy of Rudy Rotter | html. The Outsider magazine, INTUIT magazine. p 17–21.
Koplitz, Steve. Rudy Rotter – Biography, Wisconsin Museum of Art
Turner, John and Klochko, Deborah (2004), Create and Be Recognized, Photography on the Edge. Intro by Roger Cardinal. p 90-93
"Rudy Rotter's 17,000 works of art". YouTube video, duration 00:02:38ss, post by Milwaukee Journal Sentinel (Mary Louis Schumacher), created 12-20-2016, https://youtu.be/HMFvcZOnnwY
Andrew Edlin Gallery (2003): Remembrance and Ritual: Jewish Folk Artists of Our Time, New York, NY
Fine, Gary Allan (2004), Everyday Genius - Self-taught Art and the Culture of Authenticity. Univ. of Chicago Press, pp. 116, 119, 263
Krug, Don, Ann Parker, Roger Cardinal (2005). Miracle of the Spirit | html. . Univ. Press of Mississippi. p 53-61
Sellen, Betty-Carol (2016). Self Taught, Outsider, and Folk Art – 2016. A Guide to American Artists, Locations and Resources. McFarland.
Rotter, Randy (2018). A Warehouse Full of Dreams. The Folk Art Messenger, Fall/Winter 2018. . p 8-11
External links
Web: http://rudyrotter.com
CV: http://rudyrotterart.com/documents/RudyRotterExhibitions.pdf
Kohler Foundation: http://www.kohlerfoundation.org/preservation/major-collections/rudy-rotter/
Essay: Portrait Society Gallery: Rudy Rotter
Article: The Outsider Complex Jewish Folk Artists Of Our Time, by Richard McBee – 2003
Article: Rudy Rotter - Biography, Museum of Wisconsin Art by Steve Koplitz
Article: Spiritual in the Material -- Inside Rudy's Warehouse by David Luhrssen | Shepherd Express—2008
Article: UW-Manitowoc Gallery Features Rotter works – HTR Media – 2015
Essay: was rudy.htm Who was Rudy Rotter, by Randy Rotter - 2018
Essay: was rudy.htm Who was Rudy Rotter, by Randy Rotter - 2018
Article: Folk Art Messenger: Rudy Rotter - A Warehouse Full of Dreams | txt only, by Randy Rotter, Folk Art Society of America - 2018
Essay: The Expertise of Rudy Rotter from Early to Late Period, by Randy Rotter – 2019
References
Artists from Milwaukee
Outsider artists
1913 births
2001 deaths
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American male artists
American male sculptors
Sculptors from Wisconsin
Manitowoc County, Wisconsin
Seven-time defending champion Rafael Nadal defeated Novak Djokovic in the final, 6–3, 6–1 to win the singles tennis title at the 2012 Monte-Carlo Masters. Nadal became the first man in the Open Era to win a tournament eight consecutive times.
Seeds
Top 8 seeds received a bye into the second round.
Novak Djokovic (final)
Rafael Nadal (champion)
Andy Murray (quarterfinals)
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (quarterfinals)
David Ferrer (second round)
Tomáš Berdych (semifinals)
Janko Tipsarević (third round)
Nicolás Almagro (third round)
Gilles Simon (semifinals)
Feliciano López (first round)
Juan Mónaco (first round, retired because of a right ankle injury)
Kei Nishikori (third round)
Fernando Verdasco (third round)
Florian Mayer (first round)
Jürgen Melzer (second round)
Alexandr Dolgopolov (third round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
Seventh qualifier
External links
Main draw
Qualifying draw
Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters - Singles
2012 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters
2010 Avispa Fukuoka season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Avispa Fukuoka
Avispa Fukuoka seasons
John Smith Chartres (5 October 1862 – 14 May 1927) was an Irish civil servant and revolutionary.
References
1862 births
1927 deaths
Irish Republican Army (1919–1922) members
Civil servants from Dublin (city)
People of the Irish Civil War (Pro-Treaty side)
According to the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the fifteen largest trading partners of India represent 59.37% of total trade by India in the financial year 2019-2020. These figures include trade in goods and commodities, but do not include services or foreign direct investment.
The two largest goods traded by India are mineral fuels (refined / unrefined) and gold (finished gold ware / gold metal). In the year 2013–14, mineral fuels (HS code 27) were the largest traded item with 181.383 billion US$ worth imports and 64.685 billion US$ worth re-exports after refining. In the year 2013–14, gold and its finished items (HS code 71) were the second largest traded items with 58.465 billion US$ worth imports and 41.692 billion US$ worth re-exports after value addition. These two goods are constituting 53% total imports, 34% total exports and nearly 100% of total trade deficit (136 billion US$) of India in the financial year 2013–14. The services trade (exports and imports) are not part of commodities trade. The trade surplus in services trade is US$70 billion in the year 2017–18.
Counting the European Union as one, the WTO ranks India fifth for commercial services exports and sixth for commercial services imports.
The two main destinations of exported Indian merchandises is the EU market and the US, when the two main markets of origin are China and the EU
According to the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the fifteen largest trading partners of India represent 59.37% of total trade by India in the financial year 2015–2016. These figures include trade in goods and commodities, but do not include services or foreign direct investment.
Largest trading partners with India
(Financial Year 2021–22) in US A Billion dollars
India exported about $422 billion merchandise in the financial year 2021-2022 and about $250 billion merchandise in the same financial year. India's largest trade partners with their total trade (sum of imports and exports) in billions of US dollars for the financial year 2021–22 were as follows:
Countries to which India is the largest trading partner
India is the primary export or import partner of several countries. The percentages on these tables are based on 2017 data as shown on the CIA World Factbook.
Export partners
India exports approximately 7500 commodities to about 192 countries. The following table shows India's 10 largest destinations for exports in 2019–2020.
Import partners
India imports around 6000 commodities from 140 countries. The following table shows India's 10 largest sources of imports in 2019–2020.
See also
India related
Foreign trade of India
Economy of India
Foreign-exchange reserves of India
Remittances to India
Business process outsourcing to India
List of exports of India
Indian diaspora
Indianisation
Lists
List of countries by leading trade partners
List of the largest trading partners of the United States
List of the largest trading partners of the European Union
List of the largest trading partners of China
List of the largest trading partners of Australia
List of the largest trading partners of Canada
References
Trading partners
Foreign trade of India
Economy-related lists of superlatives
Indian superlatives
Lists of trading partners
Columbinia is a left-handed, air-breathing land snails genus in the family Clausiliidae.
Species
Species within the genus Columbinia include:
subgenus Columbinia Polinski, 1924
Columbinia columbiana (Polinski, 1924) - type species
Columbinia elegans Nordsieck, 2010
Columbinia elegantula Nordsieck, 2010
Columbinia marcapatensis Nordsieck, 2010
subgenus Paranenia Rehder, 1939
...
subgenus Steatonenia Pilsbry, 1926
Columbinia hemmeni Nordsieck, 2010
References
Clausiliidae
Hoskins Peak () is a peak west of Contact Peak in southern Pourquoi Pas Island, Graham Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) from surveys, 1956–59, and named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Arthur K. Hoskins, a FIDS geologist at Stonington Island in 1958 and Horseshoe Island in 1959.
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
St. Joseph's Church ( or Josephskapelle) was a Roman Catholic church in the Ponarth quarter of Königsberg, Germany dedicated to Saint Joseph.
By 1930, the working-class quarter Ponarth south of center city Königsberg included the Protestant Ponarth Church but lacked a Catholic parish. The new St. Joseph's Church was built along Brandenburger Straße in 1931 and dedicated in 1932.
The church survived the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and the 1945 Battle of Königsberg; the city became part of the Soviet Union after World War II and renamed as Kaliningrad. The building is now used for residential housing.
References
1931 establishments in Germany
1945 disestablishments in Germany
Roman Catholic churches in Kaliningrad
Churches in Kaliningrad Oblast
Joseph
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1931
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Kaliningrad Oblast
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1972 season.
Overview
It was contested by 13 teams, and Jurnieks won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Lukas Pivetta Brambilla (born 4 January 1995) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Greek Super League 2 club Anagennisi Karditsa.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
Profile on footballfacts.ru website
1995 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Ykkönen players
Football League (Greece) players
Cypriot First Division players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Guarany Futebol Clube players
FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne players
AC Kajaani players
Apollon Larissa F.C. players
Doxa Katokopias FC players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
CinemaScore is a market research firm based in Las Vegas. It surveys film audiences to rate their viewing experiences with letter grades, reports the results, and forecasts box office receipts based on the data.
Background
Ed Mintz founded CinemaScore in 1979 after disliking The Cheap Detective despite being a fan of Neil Simon, and hearing another disappointed attendee wanting to hear the opinions of ordinary people instead of critics. A Yom Kippur donation card with tabs inspired the survey cards given to audience members. The company conducts surveys to audiences who have seen a film in theaters, asking them to rate the film and specifying what drew them to the film. Its results are published in Entertainment Weekly. CinemaScore also conducts surveys to determine audience interest in renting films on video, breaking the demographic down by age and sex and passing along information to video companies such as Fox Video Corporation.
CinemaScore pollster Dede Gilmore reported the trend in 1993, "Most movies get easily a B-plus. I think people come wanting the entertainment. They have high expectations. They're more lenient with their grades. But as (moviegoers) do it more and more, they get to be stronger critics". In 1993, films that were graded with an A included Scent of a Woman, A Few Good Men and Falling Down. Films graded with a B included Sommersby and Untamed Heart. A C-grade film for the year was Body of Evidence.
CinemaScore at first reported its findings to consumers, including a newspaper column and a radio show. After 20th Century Fox approached the company in 1989, it began selling the data to studios instead. A website was launched by CinemaScore in 1999, after three years' delay in which the president sought sponsorship from magazines and video companies. Brad Peppard was president of CinemaScore Online from 1999 to 2002. The website included a database of nearly 2,000 feature films and the audiences' reactions to them. Prior to the launch, CinemaScore results had been published in Las Vegas Review-Journal and Reno Gazette-Journal. CinemaScore's expansion to the Internet included a weekly email subscription for cinephiles to keep up with reports of audience reactions.
In 1999, CinemaScore was rating approximately 140 films a year, including 98–99% of major studio releases. For each film, employees polled 400–500 moviegoers in three of CinemaScore's 15 sites, which included the cities Las Vegas, Los Angeles, San Diego, Denver, Milwaukee, St. Louis, Dallas, Atlanta, Tampa, Phoenix, and Coral Springs.
In the summer of 2002, CinemaScore reported that the season had the biggest collective grade since 1995. In the summer of 2000, 25 out of 32 films received either an A or B grade. Twenty-six of the summer of 2001's 30 films got similar grades, while 32 of the summer of 2002's 34 films got similar grades, the latter being the highest ratio in a decade.
Since July 2014, CinemaScore reports its results also on Twitter, and from January 16, 2016, it began with Collateral Beauty to use for each of them an image with the movie poster on the left and the grade obtained on the right.
Usually, only films that open in more than 1,500 screens are polled and reported on CinemaScore's website and social media. The distributor of a film that opens in fewer screens can optionally contract with CinemaScore for a private survey, whose result would be disclosed only to the client.
Rating
CinemaScore describes itself as "the industry leader in measuring movie appeal". There are 35 to 45 teams of CinemaScore representatives present in 25 large cities across North America. Each Friday, representatives in five randomly chosen cities give opening-day audiences a small survey card. The card asks for age, gender, a grade for the film ("A", "B", "C", "D" or "F"), whether they would rent or buy the film on DVD or Blu-ray, why they chose the film and whether or not they felt the film lined up with its marketing. CinemaScore typically receives about 400 cards per film; the company estimates a 65% response rate and 6% margin of error.
An overall grade of "A+" and "F" is calculated as the average of the grades given by responders. In this case, grades other than "F" are qualified with a plus (high end), minus (low end) or neither (middle). The ratings are divided by gender and age groups (under 21, 21–34, 35 and up). Film studios and other subscribers receive the data at about 11 pm Pacific Time. CinemaScore publishes letter grades to the public on social media and, although the detailed data is proprietary, the grades become widely shared in the media and the industry. Subsequent advertisements for highly ranked films often cite their CinemaScore grades.
As opening-night audiences are presumably more enthusiastic about a film than ordinary patrons, a "C" grade from them is – according to the Los Angeles Times – "bad news, the equivalent of a failing grade". According to Ed Mintz, "A's generally are good, B's generally are shaky, and C's are terrible. D's and F's, they shouldn't have made the movie, or they promoted it funny and the absolute wrong crowd got into it". Horror films consistently score lower; The Conjurings "A−" was the first time a horror film scored better than "B+". CinemaScore's Harold Mintz said that "An F in a horror film is equivalent to a B− in a comedy".
An "A+" typically predicts a successful box office. From 1982 to August 2011, only 52 films (about two a year) received the top grade, including seven Academy Awards for Best Picture winners. From 2000 to January 2020, there were 53 movies with "A+". , about 90 films have received "A+".
From 2004 to 2014, those rated "A+" and "A" had multiples of 4.8 and 3.6, respectively, while C-rated films' total revenue was 2.5 times their opening weekend. Ed Mintz cited Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise as the "two stars, it doesn't matter how bad the film is, they can pull (the projections) up". (DiCaprio's Shutter Island had a 3.1 revenue multiple despite a "C+" grade, and Cruise's Vanilla Sky had a 4 multiple with a "D" grade.)
, 22 films have received an "F" grade. Vulture wrote that besides horror,
Vulture cited as examples of such F-graded films Steven Soderbergh's Solaris with George Clooney, Andrew Dominik's Killing Them Softly with Brad Pitt, and Darren Aronofsky's mother! with Jennifer Lawrence.
In an essay for The Hollywood Reporter, Martin Scorsese strongly criticized this type of approach by writing: "The brutal judgmentalism that has made opening-weekend grosses into a bloodthirsty spectator sport seems to have encouraged an even more brutal approach to film reviewing. I'm talking about market research firms like CinemaScore [...]. They have everything to do with the movie business and absolutely nothing to do with either the creation or the intelligent viewing of film. The filmmaker is reduced to a content manufacturer and the viewer to an unadventurous consumer." Mintz rejected being lumped in with Rotten Tomatoes, and defended their methodology of polling select audiences on the opening night, to see if the film meets the expectations of the people who most want to see it, and further defended the accuracy of their data and the correlation to box office results.
CinemaScore's forecasts for box-office receipts based on the surveys are, according to the Los Angeles Times, "surprisingly accurate" as "most of [the company's] picks...are in the ballpark", in 2009 correctly predicting the success of The Hangover and the failure of Land of the Lost. Hollywood executives are divided on CinemaScore's accuracy. One told Deadline Hollywood "It's not always right, but it's a pretty good indicator. I rely on it", while another said that competitor PostTrak was "much better...more thorough and in-depth".
List of "A+" films
As of 2022, only three directors have made the list three times: Rob Reiner (1987, 1989, 1992), Alex Kendrick (2011, 2015, 2019), and the Erwin Brothers (2015, 2018, 2021). The following directors have appeared on the list twice: Steven Spielberg (1982, 1993), James Cameron (1991, 1997), Robert Zemeckis (1994, 2004), Pete Docter (2001, 2009), Malcolm D. Lee (2013, 2017), Peter Berg (2013, 2016), Brad Bird (2004, 2018), and George Tillman Jr. (1997, 2018).
List of "F" films
References
External links
Film organizations in the United States
Market research companies of the United States
Tymfi () is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Zagori, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit has an area of 428.296 km2. Population 862 (2011). The seat of the municipality was in Tsepelovo. It took its name from the Tymfi mountain.
Subdivisions
The municipal unit Tymfi is subdivided into the following communities:
Tsepelovo
Vradeto
Vrysochori
Iliochori
Kapesovo
Kipoi
Koukouli
Laista
Leptokarya
Negades
Skamneli
Fragkades
References
Zagori
Populated places in Ioannina (regional unit)
de:Tymfi
John Terrence "Terry" Dolan (1950 – December 28, 1986) was an American New Right political activist who was a co-founder and chairman of the National Conservative Political Action Committee (NCPAC). Dolan was also, during the mid to late 1970s, in the leadership of Christian Voice, "the nation's oldest conservative Christian lobby".
While Dolan was a proponent of family values and the organizations he led were persistently critical of gay rights, he was revealed to have been a closeted homosexual, who frequented gay bars in Washington, D.C. At a Washington fundraising event in 1985, the renowned AIDS activist Larry Kramer reportedly tossed a glass of water in his face. Dolan died from complications of AIDS at the age of 36. He is one of many with panels dedicated to them (in his case three panels) in the AIDS Quilt.
Political activities
College Republicans
A native of Connecticut, Dolan became active in politics during his teens as a Republican volunteer. At age 21, he worked as a paid organizer in Richard Nixon's 1972 presidential re-election campaign. The following year, he was a candidate for chairman of the College Republican National Committee but lost to Karl Rove.
Christian Voice to Moral Majority
After Christian Voice co-founder Dr. Robert Grant ousted Dolan, Howard Phillips, and Richard Viguerie from the Christian Voice organization, the trio went on to help persuade Jerry Falwell to build a new Christian Right organization, the Moral Majority.
National Conservative Political Action Committee
Dolan was later a co-founder and chairman of the National Conservative Political Action Committee (NCPAC). He co-authored Reagan: A President Succeeds with Gregory Fossedal. His brother, Anthony R. Dolan, was also a political activist and Ronald Reagan's chief presidential speechwriter.
Dolan was a member of the Council for National Policy Board of Governors, a member of the advisory board for CAUSA International (an educational, anti-communist organization founded by Unification Church leader Sun Myung Moon), and Director of Conservatives Against Liberal Legislation (CALL).
References
External links
, National Review, January 30, 1987.
College Republicans
LGBT people from Connecticut
New Right (United States)
People from Washington, D.C.
AIDS-related deaths in Washington, D.C.
1950 births
1986 deaths
Connecticut Republicans
20th-century LGBT people
Activists from Connecticut
Lozice () is a village in the upper Vipava Valley, under the western slopes of Mount Nanos in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Church
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Francis Xavier and belongs to the Koper Diocese.
References
External links
Lozice at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
The 2013 ABL Playoffs is the postseason of the 2013 ABL Regular Season which began on Saturday, 23 May 2013, and concluded on 12 June 2013 when the San Miguel Beermen were crowned the 2013 ABL Finals Champions after sweeping the Indonesia Warriors in the 2013 ABL Finals. The four teams with the best regular season record qualified for the playoffs; the team with the higher seed was awarded the home court advantage.
The semifinals were in a best-of-5 format; the team that first won thrice advanced to the next round. The venues alternated between the opposing teams; the higher seed hosting Game 1, 2 and 5 (if necessary), while the lower seed hosted Game 3 and 4 (if necessary).
Bracket
Semifinals
Beermen vs. Slammers
Warriors vs. Dragons
Finals
Champions
References
External links
The official website of the Asean Basketball League
Playoffs
ASEAN Basketball League playoffs
Johnston Atoll Chemical Agent Disposal System (JACADS) was the U.S. Army's first chemical munitions disposal facility. It was located on Johnston Island, at Johnston Atoll and completed its mission and ceased operation in 2000.
Background
Prior to the beginning of destruction operations at JACADS, the atoll held about 6.6% of the entire U.S. stockpile of chemical weapons. Chemical weapons were stockpiled on Johnston Atoll beginning in 1971, including weapons transferred from Okinawa during the 1971 Operation Red Hat. Some of the other weapons stored at the site, including Sarin (GB) and VX Nerve Agent, were shipped from U.S. stockpiles in Germany in 1990. The shipments followed a 1986 agreement between the U.S. and Germany to move the munitions. The remainder of the chemical weapons were a small number of World War II era weapons shipped from the Solomon Islands. In 1985, the U.S. Congress mandated that all chemical weapons stockpiles at Johnston Atoll, mostly mustard and nerve agents, be destroyed.
History
Planning for JACADS began in 1981 and initial construction started in 1985–1986. In August 1985, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued a 10-year permit to the Army allowing it to construct and operate JACADS.<ref name=jacadsepa>"Johnston Atoll Chemical Agent Disposal System (JACADS)", U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, updated July 27, 2007, accessed October 25, 2008.</ref> As JACADS was preparing to begin operations, the U.S. Congress passed Public Law 100-456, which required JACADS to complete operational verification testing (OVT) to ensure each type of munition could be disposed of safely. Operations began at JACADS in June 1990, commencing with operational verification testing.
The first weapon disposal took place on June 30, 1990. That day, JACADS became the first U.S. chemical weapons disposal facility. The OVT phase of operations lasted until March 1993. Transition from the testing phase to full-scale operations began in May 1993 and, in August, full-scale operations began. Twice, in 1993 and 1994, the facility had to be evacuated because of hurricanes; operations were delayed for as long as 70 days during these periods.
On November 29, 2000, the last of the chemical weapons at JACADS were disposed of. The last disposal operation destroyed more than 13,000 VX filled land mines. Two years after the last chemical weapons at JACADS were destroyed, the Army submitted the plan to dismantle the facility to the EPA; it was approved in September 2002. Demolition on the facility, home to the incinerators, laboratories and control rooms, took place from August–October 2003. In November 2003 a plaque was dedicated to JACADS personnel.
Disposal program
Disposal method
JACADS workers utilized incineration to destroy the chemical agents at Johnston Atoll. After workers loaded the weapons onto a conveyor, automated equipment would take over the process. The equipment removed the explosive component of the weapon and drained the chemical agent. The explosive and chemical agent were then incinerated at high temperature. The metal weapons casings were then thermally decontaminated and scrapped.JACADS: Defining a Moment in Chemical Weapons History ", U.S. Army Program Manager for Chemical Demilitarization, accessed October 25, 2008.
Munitions destroyed
By early 1996, the facility at Johnston Atoll had destroyed about 3.5% of the overall U.S. chemical weapons stockpile. Included in that amount, out of total stockpile of 31,000 tons, was two million pounds of mustard and nerve agents destroyed by JACADS. The disposal program was overseen by Project Manager Gary McCloskey, and during the ten years from 1990–2000 was responsible for the destruction of over 400,000 chemical rockets, projectiles, bombs, mortars, ton containers, and mines. Also destroyed at JACADS were over 2,000 tons of the nerve agents sarin and VX, as well as the blister agent HD. In total, the program at Johnston Atoll destroyed 412,000 individual chemical munitions."Mission accomplished: JACADS safely destroys over 400,000 chemical weapons on Johnston Island", (Press release), U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, updated July 27, 2007, accessed October 25, 2008.
Accidents and incidents
There were a few chemical weapons related accidents during the period JACADS was in operation.
In January 1993, the burster charge on a 105 mm artillery shell ignited. The shell contained World War II-era mustard gas, though none was released and the incident resulted in no injuries. A later incident on March 23, 1994 resulted in the accidental release of sarin gas after a chemical agent line was opened for maintenance without properly purging the line with fuel oil. The incident led to a $122,000 fine against the Army from the EPA. Another incident in November 1994 led to the explosion of a drained chemical rocket during mechanical removal of the fuse, but no leaks were reported.
On December 9, 1993, a spill of about 500 pounds (226 kg) of Sarin (Agent GB) occurred inside the Munitions Demilitarization Building (MDB). There was no agent migration outside the building and the contingency plan was not activated. The facility suspended processing of munitions until investigation of the incident was satisfactorily completed.
The U.S. National Research Council's Committee on Evaluation of Chemical Events at Army Chemical Agent Disposal Facilities was provided, by the Army, with a list of 39 incidents that occurred at JACADS from its opening until its closure. Of those 39 events, 24 were classified as chemical in nature. For example, five days after the last chemical weapons were destroyed at JACADS, VX was detected in ash from the incinerator. The committee's evaluation of JACADS incidents was published in 2002.
Response and reaction
The 1990 shipments of nerve agents from West Germany to JACADS caused several South Pacific nations to express unease. At the 1990 South Pacific Forum in Vanuatu, the island nations of the South Pacific indicated that their concern was that the South Pacific would become a toxic waste dumping ground. Other concerns raised included the security of the shipments, which were refueled at sea and escorted by U.S. guided missile destroyers, while they were en route to Johnston Atoll. In Australia, Prime Minister Bob Hawke drew criticism from some of these island nations for his support of the chemical weapons destruction at Johnston Atoll.
See also
Operation Steel Box
U.S. Army Chemical Materials Agency
References
Further reading
McCloskey, Gary. "Johnston Atoll Chemical Agent Disposal System Mines Its Business", Army Chemical Review, August 2001, via FindArticles.com, accessed October 25, 2008.
Schreiber, E. A., Doherty, Jr., Paul F. and Schenk, Gary A. "Effects of a Chemical Weapons Incineration Plant on Red-Tailed Tropicbirds", (JSTOR), The Journal of Wildlife Management, Vol. 65, No. 4 October 2001, pp. 685–695
U.S. National Research Council: Committee on Review and Evaluation of the Army Chemical Stockpile Disposal Program, Closure and Johnston Atoll Chemical Agent Disposal System, (Google Books), National Academies Press, 2002, ().
External links
Chemical Weapons Disposal Dispute", T.E.D. Case Study, "The Mandala Project", American University'', May 1997, accessed October 25, 2008.
"Johnston Island", U.S. Army Chemical Materials Agency, official site, accessed October 25, 2008.
Cleanup of Johnston Atoll Missile Launch Facility, DOD FOIA declassified document. 24Mb.
United States chemical weapons depots
Johnston Atoll
Chemical weapons destruction facilities
2000 disestablishments in the United States
1990 establishments in the United States
Buildings and structures completed in 1990
1990 establishments in Oceania
2000 disestablishments in Oceania
Carlos Carranza (born 30 November 1928) was a Uruguayan footballer. He played in 20 matches for the Uruguay national football team from 1953 to 1957. He was also part of Uruguay's squad for the 1956 South American Championship.
References
External links
1928 births
Possibly living people
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguay international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association football midfielders
C.A. Cerro players
Lenon Fernandes Ribeiro, or simply Lenon (born May 2, 1990 in São Paulo), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder, who also plays as a right back. He currently plays for Cuiabá.
Career
Flamengo
Lenon was promoted to Flamengo's professional squad in 2009 during the Rio de Janeiro State League and debuted in a Fla-Flu derby on April 5. With coach Andrade he received more chances to play with 10 appearances in 2009 Brazilian Série A and one in the Copa do Brasil.
Career statistics
(Correct )
according to combined sources on the Flamengo official website and Flaestatística.Lenon stats at Flestatística
Honours
Youth
Flamengo
Rio State League: 2006
Torneio Internacional Circuito das Águas: 2007
Copa Macaé de Juvenis: 2007
Professional
Flamengo
Taça Rio: 2009
Rio State League: 2009
Brazilian Série A: 2009
References
External links
Player Profile @ Flapedia
footballzz.co.uk
1989 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo footballers
Goiás Esporte Clube players
Duque de Caxias Futebol Clube players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Sport Club do Recife players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from São Paulo
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1981 season.
Overview
It was contested by 16 teams, and Elektrons won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Andrei Socaci (born 19 June 1966) is a retired Romanian weightlifter. After winning a silver medal at the 1984 Olympics as a lightweight he moved up to the middleweight division and won nine medals at the world and European championships between 1985 and 1992, including the European title in 1991. After retiring from competition he stayed as a coach with his last club CS Dinamo București.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Romania
Weightlifters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Romania
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Romanian male weightlifters
20th-century Romanian people
21st-century Romanian people
Tania Janco (born October 4, 1955) is a Czech and Mexican artist, known for her painting and print work, especially in the illustration of children's books. Her work has been recognized the Caravelle D'ora Prize in Italy and membership in the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.
Biography
Janco was born in Prague (then Czechoslovakia) with the name of Taťána Jandová-Vácová. She began her studies in fine arts and design in high school in Prague and eventually obtained her master's degree in graphic arts at the Academy of San Carlos in Mexico City.
Her shown in various countries such as the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Russia, the United States, Mexico, South Korea, Spain and England. Individual exhibitions include those at the state legislature of the State of Mexico, (2005), Magical World, Czech Republic (2002), Coordinación General de los Asuntos Metropolitanos, State of Mexico (2001), Centro Deportivo Israelita, Mexico City (2001), Universidad Iberoamericana (1994, 1999), Sheriton Hotel, Mexico City (1999), Casa Foro Cultural de Magdalena Contreras, Mexico City (1994), A Negra Gallery, Coyoacán, Mexico City (1993), Embassy of the Czech Republic in Mexico (1992) and the Benar Cultural Center, Czech Republic.(1984) . In addition her work has appeared in collective shows in venues such as the Palacio de Bellas Artes, Universidad Iberoamericana, the international exhibition of the Consejo Nacional de Artistas Visuales in Tlaxcala, galleries in San Francisco and others.
She has worked extensively with publishers in Mexico and the Czech Republic, and has worked as a set and costume designer for various theatrical productionsin the Czech Republic.
She was the art director for the film Otaola o La República del Exilio (2001), directed by Raúl Busteros in Mexico.
Since 1993 she has been a professor of art at the Universidad Iberoamericana, and in 1994 she founded the Bohemia Taller Libre de Grabado Artístico in Mexico.
Her work has won awards in Mexico, Cuba and the Czech Republic in the fields of print, illustrations for children's books and painting. From 1981 to 2001, she won various awards at art completions such as the International Children and Youth Book Fair in Mexico and the Caravelle D'ora in Italy. Janco was inducted into the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana in 2005.
References
Mexican artists
Czech artists
1955 births
Living people
Mission Sui Iuris of Afghanistan (Latin: Missio sui juris Afghanistaniensis) is the independent mission of Afghanistan under direct jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Church. It is immediately subject to the Holy See and covers the whole territory of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. It was established by the Holy See and entrusted to the care of the Order of Clerics Regular of Saint Paul – Barnabites (CRSP). It is presided over by an Ecclesiastical Superior (Latin: Superior Ecclesiasticus), who acts as the Local Ordinary (Can. 134 §2).
History
On May 16, 2002, a mission sui iuris (pre-Diocesan jurisdiction) was created for all of Afghanistan, which remains exempt. This means that it belongs to no Ecclesiastical province, but rather is directly dependent on the Holy See and its missionary branch, the Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples. On November 4, 2014, Pope Francis appointed Giovanni M. Scalese, CRSP, as the second ecclesiastical superior of the mission sui iuris in Afghanistan. The mission has one parish (in the national capital of Kabul, with the single church in the Italian embassy) with 3 Priests (religious) and 6 lay religious sisters.
Ecclesiastical Superiors Seco (Ecclesiastical Superiors)
Fr. Giuseppe Moretti, CRSP, born in Italy 1938 (16 May 2002 – retired 4. November 2014)
Fr. Giovanni M. Scalese, CRSP, born in Italy 1955 (4 November 2014)
Our Lady of Divine Providence Chapel
The Chapel of Our Lady of Divine Providence, or Chapel of the Italian Embassy in Kabul, is the only functional Catholic building in Afghanistan. It is located in the Street Great Massoud in the area of the Italian Embassy in Kabul.
Coat of arms
The coat of arms for the mission was created by Marek Sobola, a Slovak heraldic artist, and has its own unique symbolism.
Blazon of Coat of Crest
Azure, an increscent Argent with a Mullet of eight-points Or, A bordure is made up of 3 colors — Sable, Gules and Vert.
Behind the shield is the golden processional Herat cross. Under the shield is the red-lined silver ribbon with the motto "Orietur Stella" ("A Star Shall Rise").
References
Catholic Church in Afghanistan
Afghanistan–Italy relations
Peter Steward (born 27 January 1942) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the VFL during the 1960s.
A key defender originally from Kerang, Steward debuted for North Melbourne in 1962. Steward suffered a bad knee injury which kept him out the entire 1965 season after managing just one game in 1964. He returned in 1966 and two years later was at his peak, finishing equal 7th in the Brownlow Medal. The following season he represented Victoria in the 1969 Adelaide Carnival and earned All Australian selection.
When John Dugdale was injured during the 1970 season, Steward captained the club. It turned out to be his last year with them before he moved to play with West Perth. He was twice a premiership player at West Perth and wore the Western Australian jersey at interstate carnivals 5 times. During a 1968 match at Arden Street against Geelong football club, Peter Steward was struck by a Geelong supporter with a "flogger" (a stick with streamers on the end of it), as he was about to kick the ball from the goal square. After this incident and burning of streamers at an Essendon Football club match against Collingwood football club at Windy Hill, Essendon in the early seventies; streamers were consequential banned. Steward played at Centre Half Back and Full back and was a prodigious kick of the ball and was one of North Melbourne's best defenders and during the 60's.
In 2003 Steward was named on the interchange bench in the North Melbourne's official 'Team of the Century'.
External links
1942 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
West Perth Football Club players
All-Australians (1953–1988)
Living people
Erika Trautmann-Nehring (1897–1968) was a German archaeologist and illustrator, most noted for her work with Franz Altheim on the petroglyphs of Val Camonica, Italy.
Biography
Trautmann was born to a wealthy family in Kreis Konitz, West Prussia.
After World War I Konitz was annexed by Poland and the family's estates were confiscated.
Moving to Berlin, she trained as an illustrator at the Lettehaus and the Berlin University of the Arts. In 1925 she married Berhnard Trautmann, a civil engineer.
In 1933 she got a job at as an illustrator at the Forschungsinstitut fur Kulturmorphologie, led by Leo Frobenius, in Frankfurt. In 1934 she documented parietal art in Spain and France. In 1936, while illustrating the petroglyphs in Val Camonica, she met and fell in love with Franz Altheim, a Professor of Classical Philology at the University of Frankfurt.
Trautmann and Altheim published a number of books on history, runes and petroglyphs, and the migration of Indo-Germanic peoples.
They joined the Ahnenerbe and received funding for more research at Val Camonica and in the Middle East where they also acted as agents for the Nazi intelligence service. In 1940 Trautmann tried to get Ahnenerbe funding for an expedition to Brittany to study the megalithic monuments there, but was turned down in favor of a male researcher, Herbert Jankuhn.
After World War II Trautmann's work for the Ahnenerbe prevented her from continuing her academic career.
She co-authored, illustrated, or provided photos for a number of books, with Altheim and others, in the years surrounding World War II.
Publications
Bibliography
Reena Perschke: Die Felsbildforscherin Erika Trautmann-Nehring (1897-1968), in: Sonja Häder/Ulrich Wiegmann (Ed.): An der Seite gelehrter Männer. Frauen zwischen Emanzipation und Tradition, Klinkhardt 2017, pp. 225–269, .
Reena Perschke: National-Socialist Researchers in Val Camonica - A short biography of the petroglyph draughtswoman Erika Trautmann-Nehring (1897-1968), Bollettino del Centro Camuno di Studi Preistorici (BCSP), vol. 43, 2019, pp. 5-31.
See also
Rock Drawings in Valcamonica
External links
Digging the Past: one hundred years of research on Valcamonica rock art
Photo of Erika Trautmann copying images in the Cova dels Cavalls, Spain, 1934
References
1897 births
1968 deaths
German illustrators
German women illustrators
Science in Nazi Germany
People from Chojnice County
German women archaeologists
European records in the sport of athletics are ratified by the European Athletic Association. Records are kept for all events contested at the Olympic Games and some others. Unofficial records for some other events are kept by track and field statisticians. Records are kept for events in track and field, road running, and racewalking.
Key to tables
Key:
+ = en route to longer distance
h = hand timing
A = affected by altitude
Wo = women only race
# = not recognised by European Athletics or/and World Athletics
X = unratified due to no doping control
OT = oversized track (> 200m in circumference)
a = aided road course according to World Athletics rule 31.21.3 (separation between start and finish
points more than 50% of race distance or the decrease in elevation greater than one in a thousand)
est = estimate
WB = world best
Outdoor
Men
Women
Mixed
Indoor
Men
Women
European best (outdoor) for non-standard events
Men
Women
European best (indoor) for non-standard events
Men
Women
See also
Notes
References
General
European Records 27 August 2022 updated
Specific
External links
EAA web site
World Athletics: European Records
European
athletics
Records
Catherine McEvoy is an Irish musician who plays the Irish traditional flute. She received the TG4 Musician of the Year award in 2019. Her playing is influenced by Josie McDermott.
References
Living people
Irish flautists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Daniel Abineri (born 8 August 1958) is an English songwriter, actor, director, narrator and playwright known for writing the book, music and lyrics for the controversial rock musical Bad Boy Johnny and the Prophets of Doom. The 1994 London production made national news when it caused grave offence to the Roman Catholic Church and was closed down after just nine performances.
Career
Abineri's father was actor John Abineri and his mother was actress Hilary Bamford. From 1974-98, Abineri worked as an actor, starting his career in repertory theatre in England. He starred as Father Neil opposite Arthur Lowe in the 1970s TV comedy Bless Me, Father, which led to a leading role opposite Tatum O'Neal in International Velvet. In 1979, at the age of 21, he was cast as Frank-n-Furter in the first British tour of The Rocky Horror Show, a role he played subsequently in the West End and over three thousand times on several tours of Australia and New Zealand, which he also directed.
He played the villainous Jake Sanders in the 1980s Australian TV series Return to Eden. He is also credited with giving Russell Crowe his first professional acting role in a production of The Rocky Horror Show in New Zealand in 1986, and he subsequently cast Crowe as the lead in Bad Boy Johnny and The Prophets of Doom in 1989.
Other work as an actor includes roles in Noises Off, Secret Army, The Bill, King Cinder, alongside Rik Mayall in Bring Me the Head of Mavis Davis Arnold Beckoff in the Australian production of Torch Song Trilogy and Ben Elton's Popcorn in London's West End.
Abineri has produced and directed several television documentaries, including One Hit Wonders for the BBC in 1997, Walk on the Wild Side for Granada TV, and Murder and Celebrity for UKTV and A Conversation With James Lovelock for Network Films. He is married to the TV executive Claudia Rosencrantz, with whom he has one daughter, singer songwriter Lola Aviva. He has three children from a previous marriage: Jennifer, Kate and Joe.
On 20 September 2013, Abineri released a new country/folk-rock album of his songs titled Honey For Sale.
References
External links
Official site
1958 births
Living people
English male stage actors
English male television actors
English male dramatists and playwrights
English songwriters
English television directors
20th-century English male actors
20th-century British dramatists and playwrights
21st-century English male actors
21st-century British dramatists and playwrights
20th-century male writers
21st-century male writers
Pulaski County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it had a population of 5,193. Its county seat is Mound City. It is located along the Ohio River in the southwestern portion of the state, known locally as "Little Egypt".
History
Pulaski County was formed on March 3, 1843, out of parts of Alexander and Johnson counties. It was named in honor of Casimir Pułaski who was killed at the Siege of Savannah in the Revolutionary War.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.0%) is water. It is the third-smallest county in Illinois by area.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Mound City have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in September to in May.
Major highways
Interstate 57, which has been listed as a speed trap.
U.S. Highway 51
Illinois Route 37
Illinois Route 169
Adjacent counties
Union County (north)
Johnson County (northeast)
Massac County (east)
Ballard County, Kentucky (southeast)
Alexander County (west)
National protected area
Cypress Creek National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
As of the 2010 census, there were 6,161 people, 2,642 households, and 1,658 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 3,155 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 64.4% white, 32.4% black or African American, 0.4% American Indian, 0.2% Asian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 15.1% were German, 6.8% were Irish, 6.6% were English, and 6.6% were American.
Of the 2,642 households, 27.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.6% were married couples living together, 14.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 37.2% were non-families, and 33.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.96. The median age was 43.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,173 and the median income for a family was $39,699. Males had a median income of $36,915 versus $29,007 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,444. About 16.7% of families and 22.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.0% of those under age 18 and 18.0% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Mound City
Mounds
Villages
Karnak
New Grand Chain (usually referred to as "Grand Chain")
Olmsted
Pulaski
Ullin
Unincorporated communities
America
Perks
Spencer Heights
Villa Ridge
Wetaug
Politics
Pulaski County was often a swing county at the presidential level, but has voted for the Republican candidates for U.S. president since 2012.
This trend in Pulaski County has begun to affect down-ballot races as well. In the 2020 Senate election, longtime Democratic Senator Dick Durbin lost the county for the first time in his career, after winning it in his four prior elections.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County
Notes
References
1843 establishments in Illinois
Illinois counties
Illinois counties on the Ohio River
Southern Illinois
Populated places established in 1843
Astragalus agrestis is a species of milkvetch known by the common names purple milkvetch, purple loco, and field milkvetch. It is native to much of western and northern North America from most of Canada to the southwestern United States, as well as eastern Asia. It grows in vernally moist areas such as meadows, and is often found in sagebrush.
Description
This is a perennial herb growing a slender but sturdy stem from an underground caudex. It leans or grows upright to a maximum height near 30 centimeters. The stem is often roughly hairy. Alternately arranged leaves are up to 10 centimeters long and made up of several pairs of leaflets up to 2 centimeters long each. They are oval to lance-shaped and may have notched tips. The inflorescence is an oval-shaped cluster of up to 15 purple or pink-tinted to nearly white pealike flowers. Each flower is up to 2 centimeters long. Flowers bloom May to August.
The fruit is an oval-shaped legume pod up to a centimeter long. It is dark colored with white hairs and dries to a papery texture.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Montana PlantLife Profile
agrestis
Flora of Kazakhstan
Flora of Xinjiang
Flora of Mongolia
Flora of Siberia
Flora of Canada
Flora of the Western United States
Plants described in 1832
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Geoffrey Lawrence Betham (8 April 1889 – 6 November 1962) was an English first-class cricketer and British Indian Army officer.
References
External links
1889 births
1963 deaths
People from Belgaum
People educated at Dulwich College
British Indian Army officers
Indian Army personnel of World War I
English cricketers
Europeans cricketers
Europeans and Parsees cricketers
Recipients of the Military Cross
Free Foresters cricketers
Indian Army cricketers
Companions of the Order of the Indian Empire
Rajasthan cricketers
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
The Evangelical-Reformed Church of the Canton of Zürich is a Reformed State Church in Zürich. In 2004 it had 533,000 members and 179 parishes with 900 house fellowships and 520 ordained clergy. Official language is German. It is a member of the Federation of Swiss Protestant Churches. The denomination has Presbyterian-Synodal church government. It is a member of the Conference of Churches on the Rhine.
The church traces back its roots to the reformation in Zürich, and Ulrich Zwingli. The reformation came to Zürich in 1519. Among Geneva it became the headquarters of the Swiss Reformation.
Zentrum für Migrationskirchen (literally: Centre for migration churches) comprises eight Protestant churches from four continents, situated in the former church hall of the Reformed Church of the Canton of Zürich in Zürich-Wipkingen, being a unique centre in Switzerland for the so-called migration churches. Women ordination is allowed in Reformed Church of the Canton of Zürich. In August 2019 the Evangelical Reformed Church of the Canton of Zürich allowed blessings of same-sex marriages.
See also
Reformation in Zürich
References
External links
Zurich
Zurich
Calvinist and Reformed denominations
TV3 Latvia () is a Latvian commercial television channel targeted at a Latvian language audience owned by All Media Baltics, a company owned by investment firm Providence Equity Partners. TV3 was launched in 1998, but did not receive a terrestrial license until 2001. The channel has since increased its viewing share to become the most popular channel in Latvia as of September 2007, surpassing its then-closest rival LNT.
Acquired programming on TV3 include CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, CSI: Miami, CSI: NY, Bones, Castle, Lie to Me, Servant of the People and several other shows. The channel also features many Latvian programmes, including the news programme TV3 Ziņas ('TV3 News'), Degpunktā ('In the spotlight'), investigative news programme Nekā personīga ('Nothing Personal') and TV series UgunsGrēks, Svešā seja, and Viņas melo labāk.
The network also has four sister channels: TV3 Life (lifestyle programming), TV3 Mini (children's programming), TV3 Sport and TV3 Film.
TV3, as with other channels of the Media Baltics group in the Baltic states, switched to HD broadcasting on 26 July 2018.
Logos
See also
List of Latvian television channels
TV3 (Viasat)
References
External links
Official website
Viasat Latvia
Television channels in Latvia
TV3 Latvia
Television channels and stations established in 1998
All Media Baltics
Exotique was a specialized fetish magazine published by Leonard Burtman under his Burmel Publishing Company imprint in New York City between 1955 and 1959. The magazine's femdom theme, photos, and artwork mark it as a direct descendant of the first major fetish magazine Bizarre (1946-1959), produced by John Willie.
Exotique was entirely devoted to fetish fashions and female-dominant bondage fantasies. The 36 issues featured photos and illustrations of dominatrix-inspired vamps (including wife Tana Louise and iconic model Bettie Page) wearing exotic leather and rubber ensembles, corsets, stockings/garters, boots, and high heels. The articles, many written by Burtman using an alias, covered various aspects of sadomasochism and transvestism, with men depicted as slaves to imperious, all-powerful women.
Fetish artists Eric Stanton and Gene Bilbrew, also known by his pseudonym ENEG, were frequent contributors to this magazine and others produced by Burtman.
Exotique had no nudity. Nevertheless, much like fellow publisher Irving Klaw (a major influence on Burton) in 1957, Burtman would be targeted as a pornographer. He was relentlessly pursued by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service (acting as a censorship agency then) and local law enforcement (who functioned in coordination with Postal Inspectors and the Catholic Church). Eventually, he was arrested, his magazines and materials confiscated, and brought to trial. This led to the demise of the magazine in 1959.
However, starting in 1960, Burtman (under the Selbee Associates imprint) went on to publish many more fetish magazines that were nearly identical to Exotique such as New Exotique, Masque, Connoisseur, Bizarre Life, High Heels, Unique World, Corporal (a pioneering spanking-fetish magazine) and others well into the 1970s.
See also
Charles Guyette
Mara Gaye
Fetish art
Thigh-high boots
References
Further reading
Kim Christy, The Complete Reprint of Exotique: The First 36 Issues, 1951-1957. Taschen, 1998. .
External links
A Doctoral Dissertation on American Fetishist and Sadomasochist Subcultures
Pornographic magazines published in the United States
Fetish magazines
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1955
Magazines disestablished in 1959
Magazines published in New York City
1955 establishments in New York City
Ed Hurst (July 16, 1926 – October 30, 2020) was an American radio and television personality. He referred to himself at one time as the "Stone-age Dick Clark".
Early years
Hurst was born in Atlantic City, New Jersey and graduated from Atlantic City High School.
He started his career from 1943 to 1946 at WFPG, in Atlantic City. Hurst then did a radio show on WPEN-AM 950, out of Philadelphia, called The 950 Club with Joe Grady from 1946 (until 1955) before he teamed up with Joe Grady to do The Grady and Hurst Show on Philadelphia TV, which was broadcast in the tri-state area.
The Grady and Hurst Show, which started in 1952, was the first to show teens dancing (from 11 a.m. to noon every Saturday) in a studio. The groundbreaking format influenced programs like American Bandstand and others. The 950 Club on radio, which preceded The Grady and Hurst Show, was the first teenage show to have a studio audience (by invitation only) dance to the music on the air.
Philadelphia TV
Hurst was on Philadelphia television from 1952 to 1978. During that time from 1952 to 1955, Hurst produced and performed on three television shows, all airing on WPTZ-TV. They were the aforementioned The Grady and Hurst Show, The Arthur Murray Party, a formal adult dance program, and The Plymouth Showroom, a variety program featuring popular recording artists. All three programs were rated number one in their respective time slots. In 1955, The Grady and Hurst Show moved to WPFH-TV in Wilmington, Delaware, where it enjoyed continued success. In 1958, the station moved to Philadelphia and became WVUE.
Radio
In 1958, Hurst joined WRCV radio and TV, now known as KYW. He produced and performed on The Grady and Hurst Show morning radio program, as well as working on a TV show called Summertime on the Pier. In 1965, Ed launched yet another show, Ed Hurst at the Aquarama, a local variety series.
Hurst returned to WPEN in 1981 and stayed until 2005. His show was called the Steel Pier Radio Show for most of his time at WPEN. Although Hurst then retired, he eventually returned to radio on WIBG AM 1020, which was followed by WPG, WOND and back to WPG, where he worked until 2016.
Honors
The Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia inducted Hurst into their Hall of Fame in 1996 and had named him Person of the Year in 1990, along with his broadcasting partner, Joe Grady. Grady and Hurst were also inducted into the Philadelphia Music Alliance "Walk of Fame" in 1993.
Personal life
Hurst married his onetime producer, Cissie, and had two children: a daughter, Merle, and a son, Brian. He died at his home in Margate City, New Jersey, on October 30, 2020, aged 94.
References
External links
Philadelphia Walk of Fame
Bandstand Beat
Broadcast Pioneers
1926 births
2020 deaths
Radio personalities from Philadelphia
Radio personalities from New Jersey
American television hosts
Atlantic City High School alumni
People from Atlantic City, New Jersey
People from Margate City, New Jersey
The Little Lost River is a river in the central part of the U.S. state of Idaho. It is approximately long and drains an arid farming valley, the Little Lost River Valley, bordered by the Lost River Range on the west and Lemhi Range on the east. Instead of emptying into a larger body of water, it disappears into the ground at the edge of the Snake River Plain, a phenomenon that gives it its name. The water feeds into the Snake River Aquifer, eventually reaching the Snake River through a series of springs farther west.
Course
The river rises at the confluence of two similarly sized streams, Summit Creek and Sawmill Creek, north of Hawley Mountain, in the middle of the Little Lost River Valley. The river flows generally south-southeast receiving many tributaries such as Wet (the largest), Badger, Deer, Uncle Ike, Sands, Cedarville, South, and Hurst creeks. Along its course the Little Lost is used for irrigation, but the only settlement of any size is Howe, situated near the mouth. A few miles past Howe, the river disappears into the earth at about above sea level.
The river drains about of land entirely in Butte County. Its valley is about long and wide, with a floor width of . Precipitation is generally very low and mostly in the form of snow.
Highway
The Little Lost River Highway is a north–south highway in Butte County that is long and roughly parallels the lower Little Lost River. The road begins in the community of Howe, at an intersection with , then runs roughly north-northwest towards the settlement of Clyde. Along the way, the highway crosses the Little Lost River twice. north of Clyde, the highway becomes Pahsimeroi Road.
See also
Big Lost River
List of rivers of Idaho
References
Rivers of Idaho
Rivers of Butte County, Idaho
Marga is a term in Batak societies referring to a clan name. The term is derived either from the Sanskrit varga, meaning company, party, or group, or, more likely, from the Sanskrit marga, meaning 'road, way or path', referring to a people of 'one origin'.
Batak marga are patrilineal. Marriage in the same marga is strictly forbidden by tribal law (adat) even between people only distantly related; but it is allowed and often even arranged between cousins of the maternal line (boru). After marriage, Batak women do not change their family (marga) name, but add "boru" to their birth name. Since Batak marga are patrilineal, the children will inherit the marga from their father.
In Batak Toba mythology, marga are traced to the common ancestor "Si Raja Batak" (The King of the Batak). In Karo mythology, the five marga (Merga Silima) are defined in terms of matrimonial bonds, with no importance placed on a common ancestor myth. Simalungun people have four basic marga, each seen as equal, and likewise with no common ancestor myth.
Examples of marga
This is some examples of Batak surnames with articles in English Wikipedia:
Batubara: Adam Malik Batubara (3rd Vice President of Indonesia), Cosmas Batubara (former minister during Suharto era)
Datubara: Alfred Gonti Pius Datubara (archbishop)
Ginting: Lyodra Ginting (singer), Anthony Sinisuka Ginting (badminton player), Tanta Ginting (Actor)
Girsang: Manampin Girsang (furniture entrepreneur)
Gultom: Ivan Doly Gultom (politician), Gloria Jessica Ulima Gultom (singer)
Harahap: Burhanuddin Harahap (former Prime Minister), Amir Sjarifoeddin Harahap (former Prime Minister)
Hasibuan: Anniesa Hasibuan (fashion designer and fraudster)
Hutagalung: Nadya Hutagalung (Indonesian-Australian model and actress), Jesse Hutagalung (Dutch tennis player)
Hutahaean: Ramlan Hutahaean (Protestant clergyman), Ferdinand Hutahaean (politician)
Hutapea: Hotman Paris Hutapea (lawyer)
Hutauruk: Berlian Hutauruk (singer)
Kaban: Malam Sambat Kaban (minister)
Lubis: Umar Lubis (actor), Todung Mulya Lubis (advocate and activist), Fatin Shidqia Lubis (singer)
(Lumban) Tobing: Ferdinand Lumbantobing (physician), Joy Tobing (Indonesian singer), Darwin Lumbantobing (Protestant clergyman)
Malau: Yoseph Malau (footballer)
Manik: El Manik (actor)
Marbun: Timothy Marbun (TV presenter)
Marpaung: Novita Dewi Marpaung (singer)
Nababan: Putra Nababan (journalist)
Nainggolan: Radja Nainggolan (Belgian footballer), Alfoncius Dapot Parulian "Cas Alfonso" Nainggolan (singer)
Nasution: Abdul Haris Nasution (Indonesian Army general), Darmin Nasution (economist), Adnan Buyung Nasution (lawyer), Diana Nasution (singer), Prisia Nasution (model and actress), Bobby Nasution (Joko Widodo's son-in-law), Kaharuddin Nasution (governor and lieutenant-general), Anneth Delliecia Nasution (singer), Saifuddin Nasution (Malaysian minister), Sholeh Mahmoed Nasution (Muslim televangelist)
Pakpahan: Muchtar Pakpahan (labour activist)
Pane: Armijn Pane (writer)
Panggabean: Maraden Panggabean (general and politician), Mahyadi Panggabean (footballer)
Panjaitan: D. I. Panjaitan (Indonesian military leader), Luhut Binsar Panjaitan (politician)
Pasaribu: Masinton Pasaribu (politician)
Pohan: Zainul Arifin Pohan (Muslim scholar)
Rangkuti: Hamsad Rangkuti (writer)
Saragih: Bill Saragih (jazz musician)
Sarumpaet: Ratna Sarumpaet (artist and activist)
Sembiring: Tifatul Sembiring (politician)
Sihotang: Tommy Sihotang (attorney general)
Silaban: Pantur Silaban (physicist)
Silaen: Putri Ayu Silaen (singer)
Silalahi: Rosianna Silalahi (news anchor), Duma Riris Silalahi (runner-up of Puteri Indonesia), Sudi Silalahi (minister)
Simangunsong: Dewi Lestari Simangunsong (singer-songwriter)
Simanjuntak: Riko Simanjuntak (Indonesian footballer), Marsillam Simanjuntak (attorney general and minister)
Simanullang: Ludovikus Simanullang (bishop)
Simatupang: Tahi Bonar Simatupang (former chief of staff of Indonesian Armed Forces)
Simarmata: Ledy Simarmata (News Presenter)
Simorangkir: Sari Simorangkir (gospel singer-songwriter)
Sinaga: Reynhard Sinaga (criminal), Ferdinand Sinaga (footballer), Saktiawan Sinaga (footballer), Anicetus Bongsu Antonius Sinaga (archbishop)
Sinambela: Mahadi Sinambela (politician)
Sirait: Sabam Sirait (Member of the Regional Representative Council)
Siregar: Mahendra Siregar (economist and politician), Zivanna Letisha Siregar (model), Merari Siregar (writer), Arifin Siregar (politician), Raja Inal Siregar (governor)
Sitanggang: Paulo Sitanggang (footballer)
Sitompul: Ruhut Sitompul (actor and lawyer)
Sitorus: Martua Sitorus (Indonesian businessman)
Situmorang: Sitor Situmorang (author), Martinus Dogma Situmorang (bishop)
Tambunan: Edward Wellington Pahala Tambunan (governor)
Tarigan: Likas Tarigan (teacher and politician)
Tarotok
References
External links
Bona Ni Pasogit, Association of Batak tribes in Europe
Batak in english (new habeahan community), Batak info and entertainment for people in English
Hutapea community
History of sihotang
List of marga batak and nias
Silsilah Marga Harahap
Batak
Surnames by culture
Miroslav Tretina (born January 27, 1980) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He played with HC Slavia Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 Czech Extraliga season.
References
External links
1980 births
Czech ice hockey forwards
HC Slavia Praha players
Living people
The Peruvian recurvebill (Syndactyla ucayalae) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in the western Amazon Basin of Bolivia, Brazil and Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Peruvian recurvebill
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Peruvian recurvebill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ellesmere Port Dock is a dock in Britain, situated on the Manchester Ship Canal, in Ellesmere Port, Cheshire, England.
History
Ellesmere Canal is the name of the area were the canal joins the river Mersey; by the mid-1790s it was known as Ellesmere Port. Docks and warehouses were built to facilitate this.
Between 1830 and the 1840s facilities were improved by the engineer Thomas Telford and others. In 1846 the Ellesmere Canal was amalgamated with the Shropshire Union Canal.
In 1892 a new wharf was built to handle traffic on the Manchester Ship Canal.
In 1921 the docks were leased to the Manchester Ship Canal, and this led to the decline of Ellesmere Port.
20th Century
The site is now the National Waterways Museum, Ellesmere Port (formerly known as the Boat Museum).
21st Century
In 2007, as part of a revival of some industries, ports and shipbuilding in Britain, Ellesmere Port docks were re-opened. In 2008 the site of Ellesmere Port's operational dock - including over of the waterfront area (immediately to the north-west of Ellesmere Port Historic Dock and Conservation Area and to the south-east of the Bridgewater Paper Works) - was the subject of a planning consultation, in which it may have been proposed that the docks be relocated closer to Eastham on the Cheshire West and Chester/Wirral boundary, and the area be redeveloped into a predominantly residential area consisting of up to 8,000 new homes. Plans for such development were expected to be submitted to the Local Authority during early 2009.
External links
MultiMap
Buildings and structures in Cheshire
Mersey docks
Ellesmere Canal
Shropshire Union Canal
Ports and harbours of Cheshire
Ellesmere Port
The Smith County School District is a public school district based in Raleigh, Mississippi (USA). The district's boundaries parallel that of Smith County.
Schools
Raleigh Elementary School (K-6)
Raleigh High School (7-12)
Taylorsville Attendance Center (K-12)
Mize Attendance Center (K-12)
Smith County Career Center
Demographics
2006-07 school year
There were a total of 3,125 students enrolled in the Smith County School District during the 2006–2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48% female and 52% male. The racial makeup of the district was 32.45% African American, 66.43% White, 0.96% Hispanic, 0.10% Native American, and 0.06% Asian. 50.2% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.
Previous school years
Accountability statistics
See also
List of school districts in Mississippi
References
External links
Education in Smith County, Mississippi
School districts in Mississippi
Agula'i is a river of northern Ethiopia. Rising in the mountains of Atsbi Wenberta (2676 metres above sea level), it flows southwestward to Giba River which empties finally in the Tekezé River. Future Lake Giba will occupy the plain where Sulluh, Genfel and Agula'i Rivers meet.
Hydrography
It is a confined river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with a slope gradient of 8 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Hydrology
Hydrological characteristics
The runoff footprint or annual total runoff volume is 115 million m³.
Peak discharges up to 520 m³ per second occur in the second part of the rainy season (month of August) when there are strong rains and the soils are saturated with water in many places.
The percentage of total rainfall that directly leaves the catchment as storm runoff (also called runoff coefficient) is 12%. As limestone is present in 47% of the catchment this runoff coefficient is less than that of adjacent rivers.
The total amount of sediment that is transported by this river amounts to 1.95 million tonnes per year. Median sediment concentration in the river water is 3.78 grammes per litre, but may go up to 97 g/L. The highest sediment concentrations occur at the beginning of the rainy season, when loose soil and dust is washed away by overland flow and ends up in the river, and towards the end when river bank erosion is frequent.
As such water contains many nutrients (locally it is called “aygi”), farmers estimate that it strengthens their cattle, which they will bring to the river. All in all, average sediment yield is 3784 tonnes per km² and per year. All measurements were done at a purposively installed station near the mouth of the river, in the years 2005–2007.
Flash floods
Runoff mostly occurs in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow. These flash floods mostly occur during the evening or night, because the convective rain showers occur in the afternoon.
Changes over time
Evidence given by Italian aerial photographs of the catchment, taken in the 1930s show that 51% of the catchment was covered with woody vegetation (against 45% in 2014). This vegetation could slow down runoff and the runoff coefficient was smaller (8% in 1935 against 12% in 2014). As a consequence, discharges in the river were less and the river was narrower than today.
Up to the 1980s, there was strong pressure on the environment, and much vegetation disappeared. This river had its greatest discharges and width in that period.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased in recent years due to interventions in the catchment. On steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Irrigated agriculture
Besides springs and reservoirs, irrigation is strongly dependent on the river's baseflow. Such irrigated agriculture is important in meeting the demands for food security and poverty reduction. Irrigated lands are established in the narrow alluvial plains all along the river and pump irrigation is used.
Transhumance towards the river gorge
The valley bottoms in the lower gorge of this river have been identified as a transhumance destination zone.
Transhumance takes place in the summer rainy season, when the lands near the villages are occupied by crops. Young shepherds will take the village cattle down to the gorge and overnight in small caves. The gorges are particularly attractive as a transhumance destination zone, because there is water and good growth of semi-natural vegetation.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Amba Aradam Formation
Agula Shale
Antalo Limestone
Mekelle Dolerite
Quaternary freshwater tufa
Trekking along the river
Trekking routes have been established in nearby Dogu'a Tembien. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files. Trek 24 passes along the confluence of Agula'i and Giba River.
In the rainy season, flash floods may occur and it is advised not to follow the river bed. Frequently, it is then also impossible to wade across the river.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Dogu'a Tembien
Tigray Region
Stephen M. Deusner is an American music critic and part-time record store clerk who lives in Bloomington, Indiana. A native of Tennessee, he has contributed to Pitchfork Media (including the Pitchfork 500), Salon, CMT, American Songwriter, Paste, eMusic, and the Village Voice, among other publications. He has also contributed an essay about Okkervil River and unreliable narrators to the 2011 book The Poetics of American Song Lyrics, published by the University Press of Mississippi.
References
External links
Pitchfork Scribe Stephen M. Deusner Tells Us His Five Favorite Story Songs From Texas Acts, Dallas Observer (August 24, 2011)
Living people
American music critics
Writers from Tennessee
Year of birth missing (living people)
Žeravé znamenie osudu (which translates to The Blazing Sign of Destiny) is the third studio album by Slovak rock band Tublatanka, which was released in 1988, by Opus Records. It contains the hit singles "Láska, drž ma nad hladinou" and "Pravda víťazí" (the latter which became the anthem for the Velvet Revolution). "Pravda víťazí" is featured in the 2005 horror film Hostel, directed by Eli Roth.
Track listing
Source: Official website
Credits
BAND
Maťo Ďurinda – lead vocals, guitars, piano
Palo Horváth – bass guitar, backing vocals, lead vocals on "Stojím, padám", "Prometeus" and pre-chorus of "Pravda víťazí"
Ďuro Černý – drums, percussion
References
1988 albums
Tublatanka albums
John William Counsell (24 April 1905 – 23 February 1987) was an English actor, director and theatre manager, who (with his wife Mary Kerridge) ran the Theatre Royal, Windsor and its in-house repertory company from the 1930s to the 1980s. His daughter is the actress Elizabeth Counsell, and he was uncle to the actress and painter Jean Miller. Born in Beckenham, to Claud Counsell and Evelyn Fleming, the bulk of Counsell's career was spent in Windsor repertory theatre and the West End stage.
World War 2
He was the author of the German Instrument of Surrender document signed on 7 May 1945 which he wrote when he served as a colonel in the British Army during World War 2.
Theatre management
In 1930 Counsell served as an apprentice at the Theatre Royal in Windsor, Berkshire, when it reopened as a theatre after a short time as a cinema. In 1933 he took over managing the theatre; the venture lasted only a few months before it went bankrupt, but the future King George VI and Queen Elizabeth II attended one of the last performances, coming from nearby Windsor Castle. Counsell re-opened the theatre in 1938 and was able to establish a viable company that ran without government subsidies. He and his actress wife Mary Kerridge ran the theatre until his retirement in 1986, the year before his death.
John William Counsell was awarded the OBE in 1975 for services to the Theatre Royal in Windsor.
References
Further reading
Counsell, John. "So Who Needs Subsidy, Anyway?", Scottish Theatre, Inverkeithing, Scottish Theatre, Vol.2 No.3, pp. 6–8 (May 1970)
External links
Theatre website
History of the Theatre Royal, Windsor
1905 births
1987 deaths
Actor-managers
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
20th-century theatre managers
Claude Bouhier de Lantenay (19 October 1681 – 19 June 1755) was a French clergyman and the second bishop of Dijon after his uncle Jean Bouhier.
Family
He was the son of Bénigne Bouhier (1635–1703), président à mortier to the parlement de Dijon, and Louise Claire Claude de La Toison (1650–1750). His brother was the jurist Jean Bouhier.
1681 births
1755 deaths
Bishops of Dijon
Baoda was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Baoda (寶大, 924–925), an era name used by Qian Liu, king of Wuyue
Baoda (保大, 943–957), an era name used by Li Jing (Southern Tang)
Baoda (保大, 1121–1125), an era name used by Emperor Tianzuo of Liao
RuPaul's DragCon NYC is an annual fan convention and expo of drag culture held in New York City, which debuted in September 2017. It is based on the successful RuPaul's DragCon LA which was launched in Los Angeles in 2015 billed as a “convention that celebrates ‘the art of drag, queer culture and self-expression for all'”. The NYC event is considered the "world's largest celebration of drag culture" with 100,000 attendees. The event is an outgrowth of the internationally successful RuPaul's Drag Race, which generated Drag Race Thailand, RuPaul's Drag Race UK, RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, and Chile's The Switch Drag Race. RuPaul's Drag Race and the two DragCons come from World of Wonder Entertainment (WOW), a production company based in Los Angeles. The first RuPaul's DragCon NYC was held in 2018 at the Javits Center, with over 40,000 attendees at the two-day all-ages event; it “garnered 687 million (online) impressions in 2018.” Based on the success of the original LA event, the NYC event expanded to three days in 2019, both had over 100,000 attendees in 2019.
At RuPaul's DragCon NYC, past RuPaul's Drag Race contestants and other well-known drag artists meet with fans, take pictures, sign autographs, and sometimes perform or take part in a discussion panel, as well as sell merchandise. The discussion panels vary from more obvious topics like clothing, fashion, wigs, and makeup, to history of drag, drag activism, trans rights, queer pop culture, and political issues facing the LGBTQ community. WOW's co-director and producer of the convention, Randy Barbato, shared that ironically the panels have significant depth in sophistication, because although drag queens are known for being fun and about their looks, the queens are smart artists and activists. He also said, "For us, drag has always been political!" The main stage presents performances and runway events all day long. There are also over 220 vendors offering drag supplies and accessories; at the 2018 event they sold over $8 million in merchandise.
According to Glossy, “the event's core demographic are 18- to 34-year-olds, with 60% female attendees and 40% male. About 60% of DragCon's audience identify as LGBTQ and 40% as heterosexual.” Kids under ten are let in free when accompanied by an adult. IndieWire notes that DragCon is similar to the annual Burning Man art festival in that attendees exhibit radical self-expression, the culture is participatory and inclusive, and what is presented is ephemeral.
History
Background
It is based on the successful RuPaul's DragCon LA which was launched in Los Angeles in 2015, and considered the "world's largest celebration of drag culture" with 50,000 attendees. The event is an outgrowth of the internationally successful RuPaul's Drag Race, which generated Drag Race Thailand, RuPaul's Drag Race UK, RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars, and Chile's The Switch Drag Race. RuPaul's Drag Race and the two DragCons come from World of Wonder Entertainment (WOW), a production company based in Los Angeles.
WOW opted to start producing the New York City event to "return to their roots", as they met RuPaul in the 1980s in the city and have worked with her since then.
2018
The 2018 event was held in September at The Javits Center, and expanded to three days, with 50,000 attendees. One of the notable panels was "Beyond the Binary", with Aja, performance artist Alok Vaid-Menon, and actor Nico Tortorella discussing "how can we make the world more inclusive of non-binary and gender non-conforming people?" As a first, RuPaul met with fans face-to-face taking part in panels and runway events. RuPaul hosted RuTalks, one discussing the political climate with a Trump administration with New York Times columnist Charles M. Blow.
Another highlight was the staging of an all-ages version of the Sasha Velour's popular monthly drag show Nightgowns. A surprising non-drag vendor booth was The Warwick Rowers project, a gay/straight alliance of the men rowers of the University of Warwick Boat Club. Since 2009, the athletic men have posed nude for calendars and other products, shipped to eighty countries, raising over $1 million, with their campaign to fight homophobia in sports reaching 140 countries.
A first for the New York convention was the Kids Zone, with Drag Queen Story Hour, a bouncy house, and arts and crafts. There was an abundance of kids, including drag kids, some wanted to meet “two of the most well-known drag kids on the scene — Lactatia and Desmond is Amazing.” Drag historian Joe E. Jeffreys said about the trend, “the rise of drag children is predictable”.
2019
RuPaul's RuTalks, where she interviews celebs on the main stage will take place again: Women's Wear Daily confirmed Diane von Fürstenberg will be interviewed by RuPaul on Saturday of the event. Included in the interview will be Fürstenberg's efforts to raise funds for a museum at the base of the Statue of Liberty, and her role in the HBO documentary Liberty: Mother of Exiles. On Sunday, the featured guest is Whoopi Goldberg, a longtime ally of the LGBTQ communities.
In July 2019, it was announced that the inaugural drag queens for RuPaul's Drag Race UK, which airs in September, will be introduced at DragCon NYC.
On the Saturday of the expo, Yvie Oddly, winner of season eleven of Drag Race, was named as one of a rotating cast of a dozen Drag Race queens in RuPaul's Drag Race Live!, a Las Vegas show residency from January to August 2020 at the Flamingo Las Vegas. The show will feature RuPaul's music and seven of the twelve queens: Oddly, Aquaria (winner of season ten), Asia O'Hara (season ten), Coco Montrese (season five, All Stars season two), Derrick Barry (season eight), Eureka O'Hara (season nine and ten), India Ferrah (season three), Kahanna Montrese (season eleven), Kameron Michaels (season ten), Kim Chi (season eight), Naomi Smalls (season eight), and Shannel (season one, All Stars one).
A UK version of the convention was announced at DragCon NYC 2019. RuPaul's DragCon UK will be held at Olympia London in January 2020.
This year's event included efforts to politically activate attendees by registering people to vote, and through seminars on organizing for equal LGBTQ rights. A first for DragCon was a booth and representation of a U.S. Presidential candidate; organizers reached out to all the 2020 Democratic Party presidential candidates, but only Senator Elizabeth Warren, from Massachusetts, had her campaign represented. LGBTQ voters overwhelmingly skew to the Democratic Party. Warren had a booth with Shea Couleé (Drag Race season nine) speaking with potential voters about the presidential election.
Community safe space
RuPaul's Drag Race co-judge and one of RuPaul's best friends, Michelle Visage, who has a child in the cosplay community, shared that DragCons are a safe space for the all-ages and LGBTQ communities. Possibly the only one many of the attendees have ever experienced, where being different and LGBTQ is celebrated. Visage stated, “It's a safety zone for these kids to know they won't be judged, they won't be heckled, they won't be jeered, it will all be cheers and love and community." In addition to the Kids Zone, DragCon has Drag Queen Story Hours and a Kids Fashion Show.
Booths
At RuPaul's DragCon NYC, past RuPaul's Drag Race contestants and other well-known drag artists meet with fans, take pictures, sign autographs, and sometimes perform or take part in a discussion panel, as well as sell merchandise. Their booths can be unadorned, but often are custom-built to offer a unique fan experience. For the queens it is part of an investment into furthering their brand. World of Wonder (WOW) co-founders Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato work at curating an experience including booths, attractions, kids zone, etc. that does not water down the brand, “The con needs to be like a drag queen,” Barbato said, “Endlessly surprising and packed with treats,” Bailey adds.
There is also hundreds of vendors offering drag supplies and accessories.
Beauty influencers
According to WOW's Bailey, “RuPaul was the first drag queen associated with beauty, with MAC Cosmetics in the '90s.” RuPaul's Drag Race has highlighted how the drag queens embrace and use make-up as “drag queen(s) stress-tests the best beauty products”; many are also beauty influencers for various brands including their own; some of whom have booths at the convention to sample and sell products. Glossy notes that of “beauty festivals” DragCon NYC is one of few with “ultra-engaged audiences.” The event will have more than fifty beauty exhibitors including a sponsorship with Wet N Wild, one of California-based Markwins Beauty Brands‘ cosmetics and skin care companies, WOW's “first partnership combining both of its hero properties, DragCon and WOW Presents.” WOW's YouTube channel will run an eight-part unscripted series featuring a DragCon attendee being given make-up and beauty advice by Raven—who placed as runner-up on both the second season of the show, and the first season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars—and is RuPaul's personal make-up artist.
In 2015, the first year of DragCon LA, there were eight beauty companies presented. DragCon “has seen 615% year-over-year growth in beauty vendors and sponsors”; with “more than $8.2 million in on-site sales in 2018, and 93% of attendees purchased merchandise valued at $200 or more.”
Interacting with drag queens
Ginger Minj, when asked the value in meeting fans personally, said it helps humanize the drag queen they've only seen on the screen, and "helps them realize that this is a serious job for us, not just fun and games on TV". She notes that the queens have a job because of the fans so she cultivates positive relationships with them. “It's really cool just having a bigger platform (because) everyone gets to see more of what I do,” stated Ariel Versace, RPDR season eleven contestant, “you get more recognized for the hard work that you put into your drag.”
See also
Drag Kids
LGBT culture in New York City
List of LGBT people from New York City#Drag
References
External links
2017 establishments in New York City
Annual events in New York City
Conventions in New York City
Recurring events established in 2017
Drag Race (franchise)
LGBT events in New York (state)
Drag events
18 Pages is an upcoming Indian Telugu-language romantic comedy film written by Sukumar and directed by Palnati Surya Pratap. Produced by GA2 Pictures and Sukumar Writings, the film stars Nikhil Siddharth and Anupama Parameswaran. The film was scheduled to be theatrically released on 18 February 2022 but has been postponed.
Cast
Nikhil Siddhartha as Siddhu
Anupama Parameswaran as Nandini
Production
The principal photography of the film began in October 2020 in Hyderabad.
Release
The film is scheduled to be theatrically released in 2023.
References
External links
Upcoming films
Upcoming Telugu-language films
Telugu-language films
Upcoming Indian films
Geetha Arts films
Films scored by Gopi Sundar
Hoseason Island is an island long and wide, lying west of Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica. This name, which has appeared on charts for over 100 years, commemorates James Hoseason, first mate on the Sprightly, an Enderby Brothers sealing ship which operated in these waters in 1824–25.
See also
Angot Point
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
Lautersheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Donnersbergkreis
Felix Winther (born 18 May 2000) is a Danish football midfielder who plays for Tromsø IL.
References
2000 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Fremad Amager players
Tromsø IL players
Danish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Danish 1st Division players
Eliteserien players
Association football midfielders
Custom House, London can refer to:
Custom House, Newham, an area in the London Borough of Newham
Custom House, City of London, a Grade I listed building in the City of London
Mouna Fettou (; born November 28, 1970) is a Moroccan actress who starred in a number of movies, plays, and TV shows. Some of her most famous roles were in the films (1995), and Women... and Women (1997). She was married to Saad ash-Shraibi, who produced a number of her films. She currently hosts the TV show Jari Ya Jari on Media 1.
She was honored with special recognition at the 2019 Marrakech International Film Festival for her 30 years of acting.
Works
Love in Casablanca 1991
In Search of My Wife's Husband (Part 2) 1997
Women... and Women 1997
There is a Simple Truth 1997
Thirst 2001
And Now... Ladies and Gentlemen 2002
I Saw Ben Barka Get Killed 2005
The Gates of Heaven 2006
ماجدة 2006
Tariiq an-Nisaa' 2007
Lethal Game 1994
They Passed in Silence 1997
Gardens of al-Karma (series) 2001
Rahimo 2007
Yak Hna Jiran (series) 2010, 2011, and 2012
Master Chef Morocco (participant) 2017
References
External links
1970 births
Moroccan television actresses
Moroccan film actresses
Living people
The Sturgeon River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin located in Kenora and Thunder Bay Districts in northwestern Ontario, Canada. It travels west from its head at Sturgeon Lake, Thunder Bay District, through several intermediate lakes, to the Marchington River at Marchington Lake, Kenora District.
The CN transcontinental rail line crosses the river at its mouth near Robinson, and Highway 599 crosses at the eastern end near its head.
Tributaries
Barnard Creek
Lake of Bays River
See also
List of rivers of Ontario
References
Rivers of Kenora District
Rivers of Thunder Bay District
Tributaries of Hudson Bay
In Samoan mythology, Tagaloa (also known as Tagaloa-Losi or Tagaloa, Losi of the Heavens/Skies) is generally accepted as the supreme ruler, the creator of the universe, the chief of all gods and the progenitor of other gods. Tagaloa Losi dwelt in space and made the Heavens the sky, the land, the seas, the fresh water, the trees and the people. Samoans believed Tagaloa created nine heavens.
Tagaloa's role as paramount deity in the Samoa pantheon bears similarities to the position of Ta'aroa in Tahiti and Io Matua Kore in Aotearoa New Zealand.
The arrival of missionaries and Christianity in Samoa from 1830 saw the Samoan Losi gods like Tagaloa replaced by the Christian deity.
Tagaloa in mythology
Tagaloa features in many of Samoa's myths and legends.
Tagaloa rolled stones from heaven. One became the island Savai'i and the other stone became the island of Upolu.
One legend tells that Tagaloa had two children, a son Moa and a daughter Lu. Tagaloa's daughter Lu had a son, also called Lu. Young Lu argued with his uncle Moa and fled to earth which he called Samoa.
Tagaloa is the father of gods Losi
Tagaloa is a sun god whose son Alo'alo married Sina, the daughter of Tuifiti. There is a legend about a figure called Tui Fiti in the village of Fagamalo on the island of Savai'i.
In Manu'a, Tagaloa sent a vine to earth that resulted in maggots which became human beings.
Tagaloa brought a war god called Fe'e (octopus) to Manu'a
In Samoan architecture, Tagaloa also features in a story which explains why Samoan houses are round.
See also
Io Matua Kore paramount deity in New Zealand Māori mythology
Taaroa paramount deity in Tahitian mythology
Tangaloa Tongan mythology
Tangaroa New Zealand Maori mythology
Kanaloa Hawaii mythology
References
Samoan deities
Polynesian deities
Creator gods
St John Brodrick may refer to:
Sir St John Brodrick (1627–1711), Irish MP
St John Brodrick (1659–1707), Irish MP
St John Brodrick (died 1728), Irish MP
St John Brodrick, 1st Earl of Midleton (1856–1942), Irish politician
Hesperevax caulescens is a small flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. One common name for the plant is hogwallow starfish, as it is a somewhat flat, star-shaped plant which grows in mud. Another common name is dwarf dwarf-cudweed, as the three members of genus Hesperevax are known as dwarf-cudweeds and this species is smaller than the others. It may also be called involucrate evax, since its former Latin name was Evax involucrata. This annual plant is a member of the vernal pool plant community in California, where it is possibly an endemic species, although its range might extend into Baja California. The hogwallow starfish radiates pale green spoon-shaped leaves in a basal rosette and extends a short erect stem. The flowers are less than two millimeters wide. This species grows along the outskirts of vernal pools in areas which have dried.
References
Further reading
Morefield, J. D. (1992). Resurrection and revision of Hesperevax (Asteraceae:Inuleae). Systematic Botany 17:2 293–310.
External links
Calflora Database: Hesperevax caulescens (Hogwallow starfish)
Jepson eFlora (TJM2) Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Photo gallery
Gnaphalieae
Endemic flora of California
Natural history of the Central Valley (California)
Taxa named by George Bentham
Taxa named by Asa Gray
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Odell Lake is a 1986 educational life simulation game produced by MECC for the Apple II and Commodore 64. The player is a fish living in Odell Lake, a real-world lake in Oregon. It is based on a 1980 BASIC program of the same name. It was followed-up by Odell Down Under.
Gameplay
As a fish, the player could "go exploring" or "play for points". The object was to decide which fish to eat, while trying to survive and avoid other enemies; such as otters, ospreys, and bait from fishermen. When simply exploring, the player could select from six different species of fish, such as Mackinaw Trout, Whitefish, or Rainbow Trout; however, when playing for points, the computer randomly assigned the type of fish that the player will play as. In addition, the titles for each of the types of fish and other creatures are removed when playing for points, forcing the player to rely on memory; also the game was timed. After every five moves, the player played as a different type of fish.
When playing for points, the best decision netted the player the most points, with less intelligent decisions earning the player fewer or no points, or in the case of the fish eating something disagreeable, actually taking them away. If no decision was made when time ran out, it counted as "Ignore". If at any time the player's fish was attacked by an enemy, or the player got caught by an angler, the game ended immediately.
In Israel the game was published in Hebrew in 1987 for Apple II.
Main fish
The species of fish found in Odell Lake included the following:
Rainbow trout
Dolly Varden trout
Mackinaw trout, the largest fish in the game
Blueback salmon
Whitefish
Chub, the smallest fish in the game
The game is heavily random; the same situation played in the same way can have different outcomes. For the most points, players must play the game safely, choosing the action that has the greatest chance of leading to a positive outcome. It's helpful to remember the typical locations of food and predators (shallow or deep), and not every situation will have the same outcome.
Other species
In addition to the other species of fish, the player's fish could come across the following in or above the lake:
Otters, who would eat any fish not making a deep escape (except the Mackinaw Trout, because it can only swim in deep water)
Ospreys, who would grab any fish not making a deep escape (except the Mackinaw Trout, because it can only swim in deep water)
Algae (only a good food to the Chub; any other fish would find it disgusting if eaten)
Plankton
Fishermen, whose presence would not be known unless the player ate a baited Chub or a fisherman's fly concealed as Insects and Larva
Bottom organisms
Insects and larva
Actions
The actions a fish could take when he approached (or was approached by) another fish, animal, or object included:
Attempting to eat the item
Attempting to chase away the item
Ignoring the item (by default when the player ran out of time in "Play for points")
Making a "shallow escape" (heading for high water)
Making a "deep escape" (heading for low water)
References
External links
Odell Lake at Gamebase 64
Life simulation games
Biological simulation video games
Apple II games
Commodore 64 games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in Oregon
Single-player video games
The Learning Company games
1986 video games
Video games with underwater settings
Birds Jute and Export Limited (BJEL) is a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) of the Government of India and is headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal.
BJEL is a subsidiary of the National Jute Manufactures Corporation Limited (NJMC) and manufactures jute, cotton, viscose and blended fabric decoratives. BJEL has experienced net losses over the past fiscal years and has been virtually inoperable since 2002.
The company is in the process of restructuring and experienced a net loss of in fiscal 2006.
The Union Cabinet, at a meeting held on 10 October 2018, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, gave the green signal for the closure of National Jute Manufacturers Corporation Ltd. (NJMC) along with its subsidiary Birds Jute and Exporters Ltd. (BJEL). NJMC had been incurring losses for several years and was under reference to BIFR since 1993. The Mills of NJMC which were proposed for revival, namely, Kinnison Mill at Titagarh, Khardah Mill at Khardah and RBHM Mill at Katihar were under suspension since August, 2016.
References
Government-owned companies of India
Companies based in Kolkata
Textile companies of India
Ministry of Textiles
Jute industry of India
Companies with year of establishment missing
Bank of Africa Kenya Limited (BOA Kenya), is a commercial bank in Kenya. It is one of the commercial banks licensed by Central Bank of Kenya, the country's central bank and the national banking regulator.
Overview
BOA Kenya is a mid-tier bank and is ranked 15th out of the 42 commercial banks in Kenya by the CBK. The bank provides banking services to corporate, SMEs, investment groups as well as individuals. As at 31 December 2019, the bank's total assets were valued at KES:43.996 billion (US$403.27 million), with shareholders' equity valued at KSh4.28 billion (approx. USD39.2 million. The bank's customer base was in excess of 100,000, as of March 2016.
History
The Bank traces its roots from Calyon Bank (formally Credit Agricole Indosuez) which was founded in 1981. In April 2004, Groupe Bank of Africa (BOA Group) acquired the operations of Credit Agricole Indosuez in Kenya and incorporated them into its newly formed subsidiary BOA Kenya. This transaction was completed on June 30, 2004.
BOA Kenya has invested in BOA Uganda (52.72%), making it a subsidiary and a 24.1% stake in BOA Tanzania, making it an associate.
Ownership
BOA Kenya is a member of the Mali based Bank of Africa Group. , shareholding in the bank's stock was as depicted below:
Note:
Bank of Africa Group is a subsidiary of Moroccan based Banque Marocaine du Commerce Exterieur.
Governance
BOA Kenya is governed by a ten-person board of directors with Dennis Awori as Chairman and Ronald Marambii as the Managing Director.
See also
List of banks in Kenya
Bank of Africa
Bank of Africa Ghana Limited
Bank of Africa Rwanda Limited
Bank of Africa Uganda Limited
References
Banks of Kenya
Banks established in 2004
2004 establishments in Kenya
is a Japanese rally driver. He finished eighth on the 2006 Rally Japan to score one World Rally Championship point.
Career
Nutahara made his WRC debut in 1999, contesting Rally New Zealand and the China Rally in a Mitsubishi Lancer Evo V. In 2004 he competed in the Production World Rally Championship in a Mitsubishi Lancer Evo VIII, finishing the year ninth in the standings. In 2005 he improved to fourth in the final standings.
In 2006, driving a Mitsubishi Lancer Evo IX, Nutahara scored his first PWRC victory on Monte Carlo Rally. He then won again in Japan, also finishing eighth overall, and in Cyprus. He finished the PWRC season as runner-up. In 2007 and 2008 he finished seventh in the PWRC standings.
After a break from the WRC, Nutahara returned to contest the 2010 Rally Japan in a Ford Fiesta, finishing 23rd.
References
External links
Official website
Living people
1963 births
People from Kōchi, Kōchi
Japanese rally drivers
World Rally Championship drivers
Intercontinental Rally Challenge drivers
People from Eniwa, Hokkaido
Yardley Wood is an area of Birmingham, United Kingdom, covering the easternmost quadrant of postcode area B14 (as well as Priory Rd and adjacent streets up to the city boundary), and is located across the wards of Billesley and Highter's Heath in the south of the city.
To the west the area is contiguous with Warstock.
Other nearby settlements include Billesley, Hall Green, Solihull Lodge, Highter's Heath and Kings Heath.
Yardley Wood is remote from the Birmingham suburb of Yardley which is located to the east of the city, although historically (prior to the 1911 Greater Birmingham Act) they were both in Yardley Rural District and hence lay within Worcestershire.
Transport
The area is served by Yardley Wood railway station, despite the station being located just inside the Hall Green (B28 postcode) area, as well as by the following bus routes:
Additionally bus route 76 (Northfield to Solihull) serves the railway station. All these bus services are run by National Express West Midlands who have a large depot in Yardley Wood with over 400 employees.
The Stratford-upon-Avon Canal runs through Yardley Wood (marking the boundary between Billesley and Highter's Heath wards) sitting in a deep cutting where it passes beneath School Road. The canal towpath can be accessed at Yardley Wood Road (bridge no. 5), at a location once known as Happy Valley, and from Priory Fields Nature Reserve (in turn accessed from Priory Road), as well as at High Street, Solihull Lodge (bridge no. 7).
Community
Local schools include Yardley Wood Community Primary School, plus Highters Heath Community School (on the border with Warstock) and Our Lady of Loudes RC Primary School (on the border with Billesley).
Yardley Wood library is located on Highfield Road.
Christ Church, Yardley Wood is the local parish church. There is also a local Baptist Church.
The area includes a Community Centre (adjacent to Highters Heath School) and a Social Club as well as a number of linked areas of natural beauty.
References
Areas of Birmingham, West Midlands
Ulysses Grant Weatherly (21 April 1865 – 18 July 1940) Professor of Sociology at Indiana University and a founding member of the American Sociological Society, and on its executive committee from 1907 to 1910. He was appointed as Vice President in 1920 and President in 1923.
Early life and education
Ulysses Grant Weatherly was born on April 21, 1865, in West Newton, Indiana, to William and Lydia Weatherly. He received his A.B. from Colgate University in 1890. From 1893-1894, Weatherly attended the University of Leipzig. He received his PhD from Cornell University in 1894. Weatherly graduated from Pillsbury Academy in 1896 and attended Columbia University from 1899-1900. In 1910, he received a Litt.D from Colgate University.
Career
After completing his PhD, Weatherly taught for one year at Central High School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In 1895, Weatherly joined the faculty at Indiana University as an Assistant Professor in European History. He was promoted to Associate Professor in 1896. In 1899, Weatherly was appointed to Full Professor in the Department of Economics and Sociology. In 1900, he was named chair of the department, a position he held until his retirement in June of 1935. After retirement, Weatherly was named Professor Emeritus in Economics and Sociology. During his tenure at IU, he was a Visiting Professor of Sociology at the summer sessions of University of Colorado at Columbia, University of Illinois, University of Oregon, and University of Southern California.
Weatherly was very active in several community and professional organizations during his career. He was a founding member of the American Sociological Society when it was organized in 1905. Weatherly served on the Executive Committee of the American Sociological Society from 1907-1910. He served as Vice-President of the American Sociological Society from 1920-1923 and as President from 1923-1924. Weatherly was President of the Indiana Conference of Charities from 1911-1912 and Chairman of the Indiana Child Labor Commission from 1909-1915. He was also an active member of the Eugenics Research Association and the Indiana chapter of Phi Beta Kappa.
Marriage and family
Weatherly married Alice May Burgess in 1890. They had one daughter, Ruth Burgess.
Death
Weatherly died on July 18, 1940 in Cortland, New York.
Books
Social Progress: Studies in the Dynamics of Social Change (1926)
Articles
References
American sociologists
1865 births
1940 deaths
Presidents of the American Sociological Association
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1547.
Events
July 20 – On the death of the Alsatian scholar Beatus Rhenanus, his personal collection of around 670 books is bequeathed to the Humanist Library of Sélestat, where it remains intact in the 21st century.
unknown date – Japanese Buddhist poet and diplomat Sakugen Shūryō leads a mission sent by the Ashikaga shogunate to the court of the Jiajing Emperor in Beijing.
New books
Prose
Certain Sermons or Homilies Appointed to Be Read in Churches, book 1
Andrés de Olmos – Arte para aprender la lengua mexicana
Martynas Mažvydas – The Simple Words of Catechism (first printed book in Lithuanian)
Catherine Parr – The Lamentation of a Sinner
William Salesbury – A Dictionary in Englyshe and Welshe
"Lucas Shepeherd" – John Bon and Mast Parson
Gian Giorgio Trissino – Italia liberata dai Goti
Drama
Lodovico Dolce – Didone
Poetry
See 1547 in poetry
Births
September – Mateo Alemán, Spanish novelist, poet and biographer (died c. 1615)
September 22 – Philipp Nicodemus Frischlin, German philologist, poet, playwright and polymath (died 1590)
September 29 – Miguel de Cervantes, Spanish novelist, poet, and playwright (died 1616)
Unknown dates
Cristóbal Mosquera de Figueroa, Spanish poet (died 1610)
Conrad Vetter, German Jesuit preacher and polemical writer (died 1622)
Probable year – Maciej Stryjkowski, Polish historian and poet (died c. 1593)
Deaths
January – Pietro Bembo, Italian scholar and poet (born 1470)
January 19 – Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey, a founder of English Renaissance poetry (born 1516 or 1517)
February 25 – Vittoria Colonna, Italian noblewoman and poet (born 1492)
March 16 – François Vatable, French humanist scholar (born late 15th century)
October or November – John Redford, English composer, poet and playwright (born c. 1500)
Unknown dates
Edward Hall, English historian, politician and lawyer ((born 1497)
Valentin Ickelshamer, German grammarian (born c. 1500)
Johannes Mensing, German Dominican theologian (born 1477)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Ottoman invasion of Guria was a remarkable event of the Ottoman Empire against the Principality of Guria, which resulted by occupation of the Chaneti (Lazistan) and Adjara; maritime settlements of Gonio and Batumi, in 1547.
History
In 1547, the Ottoman military imposed a blockade of Guria's coastline and occupied the maritime settlements of Gonio and Batumi. Rostom Gurieli appealed for help to Bagrat III of Imereti and Levan I Dadiani, Prince of Mingrelia. Levan I Dadiani collected the Abkhazians and Odishians to help Guria; he camped in the Rioni harbor. However, the king of Imereti, indignant at Rostom's earlier decline of a combined attack on Mingrelia, disrupted the nascent Dadiani–Gurieli accord. Left to his own devices, Rostom attacked, pushed the Ottoman forces beyond the Chorokhi and forced them to evacuate Batumi, but he failed to prevent the loss of Adjara and Chaneti; the Gonio fortress became an important Ottoman outpost in southwestern Georgia.
References
Ottoman invasion of Guria
Ottoman invasion of Guria
16th-century conflicts
Margarita Diéguez Armas is a Mexican diplomat, and a former Ambassador of Mexico to the United Nations and Chairman of UNICEF.
She has served as Mexico's Ambassador to Tanzania, the OPANAL, Bolivia and the Netherlands. From 1989 to 1992 she was Mexico's Ambassador to the United Nations. She has also served as Director of Multilateral Relations in the Secretariat of Foreign Affairs. She was Chairman of the UNICEF Executive Board at the international level from 1989 to 1990.
References
Chairmen and Presidents of UNICEF
Mexican women ambassadors
Mexican officials of the United Nations
Permanent Representatives of Mexico to the United Nations
Ambassadors of Mexico to Tanzania
Ambassadors of Mexico to the Netherlands
Ambassadors of Mexico to Bolivia
Prazhskaya () is a station on the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line of the Moscow Metro. As part of a cultural exchange between the Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia, the station was designed in the style of the Prague Metro by Czech architects E. Kyllar, Z. Chalupa, and E. Břusková along with Soviet architect V. A. Cheremin. A corresponding station named Moskevská (currently named Anděl) in Prague was designed by Soviet architects and opened concurrently.
Gallery
References
Moscow Metro stations
Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line
Railway stations located underground in Russia
The 2021 K3 League was the second season of the K3 League as a semi-professional league and the third tier of South Korean football league system.
Gimhae FC are the defending champions.
Competition format
15 teams will compete in the 2021 season. Each team will play 28 games this season. The 15th team will be relegated to K4 League, and the relegation/promotion playoff will be held between 14th team of K3 league and 3rd team of K4 league.
Promotion and relegation
Teams relegated to the 2021 K4 League
Chuncheon Citizen
Jeonju Citizen
Teams promoted from the 2020 K4 League
Paju Citizen
Ulsan Citizen
Name Changes
Gimpo Citizen FC renamed to Gimpo FC
Mokpo City FC renamed to FC Mokpo
Teams Dissolved from 2020 Season
Gyeongju Citizen
Teams
Foreign players
League table
Results
Matches 1-28 (Rounds 1-30)
Championship Play-off
Championship Play-off start at 17 November to Final at 27 November 2021. If scores are tied after regular time, the higher placed team advances to the next phase.
1R
Mokpo City advances as a higher ranked team in the regular season.
2R
Final
1st;
2nd;
Gimpo FC won 2021 K3 League and champion by agg. 3-2.
Promotion-Relegation Play-off
The K3-K4 League Promotion-Relegation Play-offs were cancelled as Gimpo FC announced that Gimpo FC will be changed to a professional football club and will participate in 2022 K League 2 as a professional football club. So Yangju Citizen (14th team) has remained at 2022 K3 League and Dangjin Citizen (winner of promotion play-off in K4 League) was promoted to 2022 K3 League.
Winner
See also
2021 Korean FA Cup
2021 K League 1
2021 K League 2
2021 K4 League
2021 K5 League
2021 K6 League
2021 K7 League
References
K3 League seasons
2021 in South Korean football
Wen Tingyun (; 812–870) born Wen Qi (), courtesy name Feiqing () was a Chinese poet. He was an important Chinese lyricist of the late Tang Dynasty.
He was born in Qi, Shanxi province, China. Over his literary career, Wen became regarded as the first truly distinctive writer of ci, the song-verse style of poetry that dominated Chinese poetry during much of the late Tang dynasty and the Song dynasty. Most of his poems are "boudoir"-style verses that described the opulent furnishings and gardens of solitary women and their hidden desires. This style of poetry was commonly used for romantic communications between men and women in the entertainment districts of the Chinese capital Chang'an during the Tang dynasty.
Wen is also considered to be the founder of “Hua Jian”, the school of Ci (or the Flowery school). This style of poets focusses on a set of distinct patterns and a rhythmic structure. Approximately 300 of his poems were preserved. More than 70 of his Ci poems are collected by the later generations in books like Hua Jian Ji and Jin Quan Ci .
His son Wen Xian (温憲) was also a poet.
Personal experience
Date of birth
The date of birth of Wen Tingyun is unknown as there is no historical record of it However, people can calculate his date of birth from the poetry written by Wen Tingyun and his friends. Many people believe it is around 812 A.D. Some scholars like Mou believe that he was born in 798 A.D.
Childhood
Wen Tingyun was born in Taiyuan, he was a descendant of Wen Yanbo, a prime minister in the early Tang Dynasty. From a young age, Wen was interested in literature but had limited opportunities to study as his father died early. The death of his father resulted in poverty for his family until a friend of his father funded him to study with his son, Duan Chengshi.
Reputation amongst supervisors
In the early parts of Wen's career, Wen was popular amongst the nobility. The prime minister, Linghu Tao, treated Wen Tingyun favorably at first. The emperor Li Chen loved a song called “Pu Sa Man (Buddha-like barbarian)” very much. Linghu Tao then dedicated Wen Tingyun's twenty lyrics of Pu Sa Man to the emperor and lied that he wrote it by himself. Linghu Tao asked Wen to keep it as a secret but soon later, Wen spread the story. Another anecdote is that Tingyun in front of other ministers told Linghu Tao that as a prime minister, he should read more books, which made Linghu Tao displeased and angry. After those incidents, Linghu Tao began to plot against Wen Tingyun in secret and bribed the examiner to hinder his promotion. Wen Tingyun then spent a long time to take the imperial examination and failed multiple times because of Linghu Tao. When he realized this, he was disappointed in the system and gave up the desire to be an official in the imperial examination, and he went to brothels frequently. Wen Tingyun still took the imperial exams but his purpose was just to help others cheat in the exam to take revenge on this system.
Brief success in later life
After Li Cui became the new emperor and Yang Shou became the new prime minister, Wen was recommended to be the Instructor of the State Sons' University in 866. In order to prevent other examinees being framed like him, Wen Tingyun began to reform the imperial examination system as soon as he took office. Examinees can check the scores and check the articles of the champion, which can make the examination become transparent and fair but also severely damaged the interests of the powerful. The new prime minister Yang Shou then demoted him, and soon after, Wen Tingyun died in 866 A.D.
Poetry works
Wen Tingyun also engaged in music, so his poems tend to be rhythmic. His poems have a lot of themes and are profound in thoughts, and the artistic expression of his poems is various.
Many of his poetries focused on the expression of feelings and the description of the environment. The characters in his ci are mainly women and the main theme is to express their feeling of sorrow and miss.
Geng Louzi
Geng Louzi is one of Wen Tingyun's ci poems.
Paul F. Rouzer translated it as follow:
“Geng Louzi
Incense in the jade burner玉爐香，
Tears on the red candle紅蠟淚，
They stubbornly shine on autumn grief in painted halls偏照畫堂秋思。
Emerald mascara light眉翠薄，
Side-curl clouds thin，鬢雲殘，
The night is long, coverlet and pillow cold夜長衾枕寒。
Wutong trees梧桐樹，
And midnight rain 三更雨
Don't know the grief felt right now at parting不道離情正苦。
Leaf by leaf一葉葉，
Sound by sound一聲聲，
They drop on empty stairs till day空階滴到明。” (Rouzer 1993)
Geng louzi is also translated as "on the water clock at night". During this ci poetry, everything in the environment seems to have the same emotion of the character, and the character also complains about the environment that caused her even more bad feelings. By this way, the writer fused the emotion and scenes to better express the strong feelings of characters.
Buddha-like barbarian
Zhong-qi Cai translated it as follow:
“Buddha-like barbarian
Layer on layer of little hills, golds shimmer and fade, 小山重叠金明灭
Cloud locks hover over the fragrant snow of a cheek. 鬓云欲度香腮雪
Lazily rising to paint on mouth eyebrows, 懒起画蛾眉
Dallying with makeup and hair. 弄妆梳洗迟
yeyanqu
Blossoms are mirrored behind and before, 照花前后镜
Flowers faces reflect one another. 花面交相映
Newly embroidered on a jacked of silk 新帖绣罗襦
Are pair after a pair of golden partridges.” (Cai 2008) 双双金鹧鸪
Buddha-like barbarian (Pu Sa Man) has more ornate imagery than "Geng Louzi". The first two lines are normally believed to describe the screen in the lady's house. The "pairs of partridges" and the word "lazily" indicated the conjugal happiness of the female character. There were not too many words describing the women's feeling, but the feeling of missing is hidden between the lines.
A Night Banquet
Sometimes, these poems about women also expressed Wen's dissatisfaction with the powerful.
Paul F. Rouzer translated A Night Banquet as follows:
“A Night Banquet
The long hairpins, a pair of dragonflies 长钗坠发双蜻蜓
In her dangling locks.
Where the green fields end and hills slant, 碧尽山斜开画屏
painted screens open.
The curly-whiskered duke's son 虬须公子五侯客
and guests of the five marquis.
In one round down a thousand cups 一饮千钟如建瓴
like rain from the roof tiles.
Phoenix-throated, the beauties sing— 鸾咽奼唱圆无节
seamlessly, with perfection.
Brows contract—Xiang river mist— 眉敛湘烟袖回雪
sleeves are whirling snow.
“In this clear night, kind feelings 清夜恩情四座同
are shared by one and all;
So don't let the canal waters 莫令沟水东西别
part, east and west.”
Set upright, the candles weep, 亭亭蜡泪香珠残
their scented beads wane.
Dark dew and morning wind 暗露晓风罗幕寒
gauze curtains chill.
Imposing halberd banners 飘飖戟带俨相次
flutter in ranks.
Their twenty-four poles 二十四枝龙画竿
are dragon bedecked.
Shrill pipes, flurried strings— 裂管萦弦共繁曲
a piece in symphony.
Tiny ripples in scented goblets— 芳樽细浪倾春醁
darkness toss off the spring brew.
In the high rooms, guests disperse 高楼客散杏花多
mid so many apricot blossoms.
With yearning, the new frog-moon 脉脉新蟾如瞪目
stares down with amorous eyes.” (Rouzer 1993)
Personal achievements and influence
Wen Tingyun wrote down a large number of poems and he was the founder of the flowery school of Ci. He was the first person to write down a large number of Ci, which was important to the promotion of the prosperity of Ci in the Song dynasty.
The flowery
The Flowery School was not established intentionally by Wen Tingyun, but later generations praised him as the founder. The formation of Flowery School of Ci had an inseparable relationship with the political factors at that time. After the Lushan Rebellion, the politics and society of Tang Dynasty were decayed. As a result, driven by the works of Wen Tingyun, more and more people began to follow a delicate form that focused on emotional expression, and boldly narrated the love between men and women. Because these works were included in Hua Jian Ji, later generations then name this style of ci the flowery (Hua Jian) school .
Affairs
Wen Bacha
After Wen Tingyun found himself framed by Linghu Tao, he took the imperial exam just to help others cheating. People gave him a nickname called Wen Bacha (means Wen Eight-cross) because he can finish writing an article after crossing his hand eight times. Even when he was arranged to take the exam alone under the curtain, he still helped eight people secretly during an exam.
Insulted at Jiang Huai
When Wen Tingyun was young, he once traveled Jiang Huai region. Because he was famous for his poems at that time, the Imperial Deputy of Yangzi Court Yao Xu offered him a large amount of money. However, Wen Tingyun used all of this money in the brothels. Yao Xu was very angry after hearing this, then whipped him fiercely and drove him away. This made Wen Tingyun notorious, and nobody was willing to recommend him to take the imperial exam.
Wen's elder sister was angry with Yao Xu because of this, she found out who he is and went to his office, shouting and pulling his sleeves. She said: "It's normal for a young man like my brother to do this. How can you whip him? He's doing nothing now because of you!”. Then, she wept loudly and it took a long time before she let him go. Yao Xu was frightened and enraged, and finally died because of the illness caused by this event.
Insulted at Guang Ling
After Wen Tingyun went back to the Jiang Dong region, Linghu Tao was still the prime minister but Wen was unwilling to visit him anymore. One night, he was drunk, and he was beaten by the patrolling soldier. His teeth were broken and he had no choice but to wrote to Linghu Tao because this could be seen as a great insult to literati. Linghu Tao accused a clerk but acquitted the patrolling soldier, and he blamed this incident on Wen's bad manner.
Some scholars like Mou believe that these two incidents may have been adapted by the eunuch at that time to belittle Wen Tingyun.
Changing the name
Wen Tingyun used to have another name called Wen Qi. This may have something to do with the Jiang Huai incident as he can't use that name to take the exam any more (Mou 2004). Some people believe his name has been Wen Qi since he was born until he changed the name to Wen Tingyun to take imperial exams. However, some researchers like Mou believe his name was Wen Tingyun at first, then he changed that to Wen Qi and finally changed back to the original name Wen Tingyun.
Yu Xuanji
Yu Xuanji was a female Chinese poet. In the beginning, her name was Yu Youwei and she was a young maid doing laundry in a brothel until Wen Tingyun found her, raised her up, and became her teacher. After she grows up, Yu Youwei was deeply attracted by Wen Tingyun but Wen Tingyun didn't accept it as he believes she deserves a better future. Wen Tingyun introduced her to his friend Li Yi as his concubine. However, Li Yi's wife felt angry about Yu Youwei and always abused her. In order to protect Yu Youwei, Li Yi sent her to a Taoist temple and promise her to pick her up three years later. Since then, she got a new name Yu Xuanji, which means “mystery” in Chinese. Yu Xuanji's waiting didn't have a good result because Li Yi was dispatched to another place. She thought she was deceived then no longer believes in men, and transformed her temple into a brothel to survive on her own Finally, 26-year-old Yu Xuanji was sentenced to death because she killed a maid who was found cheating with her lover.
References
Citations
Works cited
Further reading
Mou, Huaichuan 牟怀川. Rediscovering Wen Tingyun
External links
Biography on Britannica
Poetry of the era
Books of the Quan Tangshi that include collected poems of Wen Tingyun at the Chinese Text Project:
Book 575, Book 576, Book 577, Book 578, Book 579,
Book 580, Book 581, Book 582, Book 583
812 births
870 deaths
9th-century Chinese poets
Chinese lyricists
People from Jinzhong
Poets from Shanxi
Tang dynasty poets
Jesse Marunde (September 14, 1979 – July 25, 2007) was an American strongman athlete who placed second in the 2005 World's Strongest Man competition. He is the brother of mixed martial artist Bristol Marunde.
Early life
Originally from Glennallen, Alaska, he later moved to Sequim, Washington. He was a high-school athlete, playing several sports, including Olympic lifting. He received an athletic scholarship to Montana State University, to play football. At age 18 he officially closed the No. 3 Captains of Crush Gripper, a hand gripper with 280 lb (127 kg) of resistance, and is the youngest person to achieve certified "Captain of Crush" status.
Strongman
In 2002, at age 22, Marunde was the youngest American ever to qualify for the 2002 World's Strongest Man. His second-place finish in 2005 made him the first American to place in the top two competitors since O.D. Wilson finished second in 1990, behind Jón Páll Sigmarsson.
Death
On July 25, 2007 Marunde died following a workout in Sequim, Washington. The cause of his death was a genetic heart defect, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, a leading cause of sudden cardiac death in young athletes. Jesse's widow Callie Marunde is now married to professional strongman competitor Nick Best.
References
External links
Jesse Marunde's official website
Critical Bench profile
1979 births
2007 deaths
Sports deaths in Washington (state)
People from Sequim, Washington
American strength athletes
Sportspeople from Alaska
A Tale of Two Worlds is a 1921 American silent drama film produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures and directed by Frank Lloyd. The film stars several well-known actors including Leatrice Joy, Wallace Beery, Edythe Chapman, and J. Frank Glendon. The film has been preserved at the Library of Congress.
Plot
Based upon a summary in a film publication, Ah Wing (Warren) saves a white child during the Boxer Rebellion and raises her as Chinese in America as Sui Sen (Joy). Ling Jo (Beery), a tong leader and slave trader, desires Sui Sen and enters a marriage contract with Ah Wing where he will search and give the Scepter of the Mings to Ah Wing in return for the girl. Ah Wing agrees because he does not believe that the scepter can be recovered, but when it is produced, he, while heartbroken, must keep his word. The wedding day is set and Ling Jo wants Sui Sen even after being told that she is white. Robert Newcomb (Glendon), a curio collector who has fallen in love with Sui Sen, and with the help of a young Chinese man called "The Worm" (Abbe), who also loves her, rescues her from the tong chief.
Cast
Leatrice Joy as Sui Sen
Wallace Beery as Ling Jo
E.A. Warren as Ah Wing
Jack Abbe as The Worm
J. Frank Glendon as Robert Newcomb
Edythe Chapman as Mrs. Newcomb, mother of Robert
Togo Yamamoto as One Eye, the Highbinder
Arthur Soames as Doctor Newcombe
Dwight Crittendon as Mr. Carmichael
Irene Rich as Mrs. Carmichael
Etta Lee as Ah Fah
Goro King as The Windlass Man
Margaret McWade as The Attendant
Ah Wing as Servant Spy
Louie Cheung
Chow Young
References
External links
Film still at silenthollywood.com
1921 films
American silent feature films
Goldwyn Pictures films
Films directed by Frank Lloyd
Silent American drama films
1921 drama films
American black-and-white films
Tongs (organizations)
1920s American films
The Indiana CPA Society (INCPAS) is a statewide association representing current or aspiring certified public accountants (CPAs) and related professionals in Indiana. INCPAS was founded in 1915 with nine charter members and has since grown to nearly 7,000 members.
History
In 2013, it launched the INCPAS Scholars career awareness and mentorship program for underrepresented high school students interested in pursuing accounting.
In 2014, it established the CPA Center of Excellence® subsidiary that provides CPAs with competency-based learning on non-technical skills.
In 2015, it celebrated its 100th anniversary.
In 2017, Indiana Gov. Eric Holcomb signed HEA 1467 into law, making Indiana the first state in the nation to count competency-based learning towards continuing professional education (CPE) requirements.
References
"Indiana CPAs and Their Association: A Century of Service" (Gould, 2015)
External Links
www.in.gov/pla Indiana Professional Licensing Agency
www.in.gov/pla/professions/indiana-board-of-accountancy Indiana Board of Accountancy
www.incpas.org Indiana CPA Society
www.incpas.org/Staff INCPAS Staff Directory
www.incpas.org/Scholars INCPAS Scholars Program
www.incpas.org/Scholarship Indiana CPA Educational Foundation Scholarship
Organizations based in Indiana
Professional accounting bodies
Franz Hansl (23 October 1897 – 13 August 1942) was an Austrian footballer. He played in four matches for the Austria national football team from 1919 to 1922.
References
External links
1897 births
1942 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Martin Francis Ryan (October 23, 1874 – January 17, 1935) was an American labor union leader.
Born in Coldwater, West Virginia, Ryan began working on the railroad as soon as he left school, and moved to Beaumont, Texas when he was eighteen. In 1899, he joined the Brotherhood of Railway Carmen of America, and in 1903 was elected to its executive. In 1905, he was elected as the union's vice-grand chief carman, then in 1909 as its general president. In 1918, Woodrow Wilson appointed him as a member of the First Labor Mission to Great Britain and France, and in 1924 he was a delegate to the congress of the Pan-American Federation of Labor.
In 1923, Ryan was elected as a vice-president of the American Federation of Labor, then in 1929 as the federation's treasurer. From 1928, he was also treasurer of the Railway Labor Executives' Association, and in 1927 he was the founding treasurer of the Union Labor Life Insurance Company.
Ryan died in 1935, while still in office.
References
1874 births
1935 deaths
American trade union leaders
People from Doddridge County, West Virginia
Trade unionists from West Virginia
Nanai may refer to:
The Nanai people of northeastern Asia
Nanai language, the native language of the Nanai people
Joshua Nanai (born 2003), New Zealand record producer known professionally as Jawsh 685
Nanai/Nanaya, a Mesopotamian deity
Boxing Hall of Fame could refer to:
International Boxing Hall of Fame (IBHOF), located in Canastota, New York
The Ring magazine Hall of Fame, located at Madison Square Garden, New York City
See also
Hall of Fame
Girolamo Benaglio (15th century) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, based in Verona where he painted an altar-piece of the Madonna and Saints (1487). He is a relative of Francesco Benaglio.
Sources
15th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Verona
Renaissance painters
Taitung County (; Mandarin pinyin: Táidōng Xiàn; Hokkien POJ: Tâi-tang-koān; Hakka PFS: Thòi-tûng-yen; Paiwan: Valangaw;lit:Eastern part of Taiwan), formerly known as Taitō is the third largest county in the Republic of China, located primarily on the island's southeastern coast of the streamlined Taiwan Province and also including Green Island, Orchid Island and Lesser Orchid Island.
Name
While its name means "Eastern Taiwan", it is also known as "Houshan" () by many of the locals, meaning behind the mountains or the back mountains.
History
Qing Dynasty
In 1887, the new Fujian-Taiwan Province included Taitung Prefecture as one of four prefectures.
Empire of Japan
During the Japanese rule of Taiwan, Taitung County was administered as Taitō Prefecture.
Republic of China
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China on 25 October 1945, Taitung was established as a county of Taiwan Province on 25 December the same year.
Geography
Taitung runs along the south east coast of Taiwan. Taitung county, controlling is the 3rd largest county in Taiwan after Hualien County and Nantou County. Mainland Taitung County's coastline is long. The Huatung Valley runs along the northern half of the county. Taitung currently has a population of 234,123.
Due in part to its remote location and isolation by mountains from Taiwan's main population centers, Taitung was the last part of the island to be colonized by Han Chinese immigrants (late 19th century). Throughout the 20th century Taitung remained an economic backwater. Sparsely populated even today, this isolation may have been a blessing in disguise, as Taitung mostly escaped the urbanization and pollution that have come to plague much of the island's lowland areas.
In addition to the area on Taiwan proper, the county includes two major islands, Green Island or Isla Verde and Orchid Island. Green Island was home to an infamous penal colony used for political prisoners during the "White Terror" period of Chinese Nationalist (KMT) rule (from 1947 until the end of martial law in 1987). Orchid Island, home of the Tao people (Taiwanese aborigines closely related to the people of the northern Philippines), has become a major tourist attraction despite the government-operated Taiwan Power Company's controversial use of part of the island as a nuclear waste dump.
Government
Administrative divisions
Taitung County is divided into 1 city, 2 urban townships, 8 rural townships and 5 mountain indigenous townships. Taitung County has the second highest number of mountain indigenous townships in Taiwan after Pingtung County. The seat of the county is located at Taitung City, where it houses the Taitung County Government and Taitung County Council. The current Magistrate of Taitung County is Rao Ching-ling of the Kuomintang.
Color indicates the common languages status of Hakka and Formosan languages within each division.
Politics
Taitung County elected one Democratic Progressive Party legislator to the Legislative Yuan during the 2016 Republic of China legislative election.
Demographics
Taitung County is home to seven aboriginal ethnics, including Amis, Bunun, Kavalan, Paiwan, Puyuma, Rukai and Yami. Taitung County has the largest aboriginal to overall population of a county or city in Taiwan, at 35.5%.
Education
Education in Taitung County is administered under the Education Department of the Taitung County Government.
National Taitung University
National Taitung Junior College
Culture
Taitung County possesses a very diverse collection of aboriginal cultures. Because Taitung is probably one of the least affected counties by the settlement of the Han Chinese, most of the aboriginal cultures are still very much a part of everyday society.
Energy
Taitung County houses the Lanyu Power Plant, a 6.5 MW fuel-fired power plant located in Orchid Island.
Tourist attractions
Buildings
Duoliang Station, Kunci Temple, Lüdao Lighthouse, Moving Castle and Taitung Chinese Association.
Historical sites
Beinan Cultural Park, Dulan Site and Green Island White Terror Memorial Park.
Museums and galleries
Lanyu Flying Fish Cultural Museum, National Museum of Prehistory, Rice Village Museum, Taitung Aboriginal Gallery, Taitung Art Museum, Taitung County Museum of Natural History, Taitung Performing Art Center, Taitung Story Museum, Wu Tao Chishang Lunch Box Cultural History Museum.
Nature
Baxian Caves, Chulu Ranch, Dapo Pond, Dulan Mountain, , , Green Island, Jhihben National Forest Recreation Area, Orchid Island, Sanxiantai, Sika Deer Ecological Park, Taitung Forest Park, Xiangyang National Forest Recreation Area and Zhaori Hot Spring.
Theme parks
Bunun Tribal Leisure Farm
Transportation
Air
Taitung County houses the international Taitung Airport in the mainland Taitung County of Taitung City and another two airports at the outlying islands, which are Lüdao Airport in Green Island and Lanyu Airport in Orchid Island.
Rail
Taitung County is crossed by two Taiwan Railways Administration lines of South-Link Line and Hualien–Taitung Line. The stations consist of Chishang, Dawu, Guanshan, Guzhuang, Haiduan, Jinlun, Kangle, Longxi, Luye, Ruihe, Ruiyuan, Shanli, Taimali, Taitung and Zhiben Station.
Water
Chenggong Fish Harbor, Fugang Fishery Harbor and Green Island Nanliao Harbor.
Notable natives
Yu Chang, Major League Baseball player
Yang Chuan-kwang, 1960 Summer Olympics decathlon medalist
Tank, singer
A-Mei, singer
Relative location
References
External links
Taitung County Government Website
Magne is a Norwegian masculine given name of Norse origin, meaning "mighty" or "fierce warrior". In Norse mythology, Magni was the son of Thor. People with the name include:
Magne Aarøen (1944 - 2003), Norwegian politician
Magne Furuholmen (born November 1, 1962, Oslo), is best known as the guitarist/keyboardist in a-ha
Magne Havnå(1963 – 2004), Norwegian professional boxer
Magne Hoseth (born 1980), Norwegian footballer
Magne Johansen (born 1965), Norwegian ski jumper
Magne Lerheim (1929 - 1994), Norwegian politician
Magne Lystad (1932 - 1999), Norwegian orienteer
Magne Myrmo (born 1943), Norwegian cross-country skier
Magne Skodvin (1915 - 2004), Norwegian historian
Magne Sturød (born 1979), Norwegian footballer
Magne Thomassen (born 1941), Norwegian speed skater
References
See also
Magne (surname)
Masculine given names
Norwegian masculine given names
Argesis may refer to:
Argiza, a town in ancient Mysia, Anatolia
Argeș River, in Romania
Pakenham Mill is a Grade II* listed tower mill at Pakenham, Suffolk, England which has been restored and is maintained in working order.
History
Pakenham Mill was built in 1831. Clement Goodrich was the miller in 1846, when he took on an apprentice. The mill came into the ownership of the Bryant family in 1885. A steam engine was used as auxiliary power. In 1947, the mill was nearly tail-winded, but the miller managed to turn the cap in time to avoid this happening. The mill was restored in 1950, with a new weatherbeam fitted by Amos Clarke, the Ipswich millwright. At this time the swing-pot neck bearing from Buxhall mill was installed. A second-hand stock from Thurston post mill was fitted at this time and a gallery constructed around the cap. The gallery was based on that at Wendover mill, Buckinghamshire. New sails were also fitted.
Further restoration took place in 1961, aided by grants from Suffolk County Council, the Ministry of Works. The work was conditional on the Bryant family continuing to work the mill. The restoration work was carried out by R Thompson & Sons Ltd, millwrights of Alford, Lincolnshire. The copper covered cap was rebuilt and clad in aluminium for maintenance reasons. A new stock and two new sails were made, and the fantail rebuilt. The mill was struck by lightning in June 1971, a stock being split and a sail damaged. The sack chain saved the mill from being burnt down by giving a route for the lightning to earth. When the mill was repaired, a lightning conductor was added to the mill.
The most recent restoration of Pakenham windmill was completed in May 2000. The £60,000 cost of the work was 80% funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund. The work was carried out by Thompson's of Alford.
Description
Pakenham Mill is a five storey tower mill. It has a domed cap with a gallery and is winded by a fantail. Two of the three pairs of millstones remain. The governors for the millstones are driven by chains instead of the more usual belt.
Millers
Clement Goodrich 1846
Bryant 1885 -
John Bryant - 1947
Public access
The mill is open to the public daily "during working hours" for individuals, and by appointment for parties. It is open on both Saturday and Sunday of National Mills Weekend from 14:00 to 17:30.
Culture and media
Pakenham windmill appeared in the short film And now they rest released in 1938.
Pakenham windmill appeared in a short film used by the BBC in the 1950s for interludes between programmes.
Pakenham windmill appeared in The Peacemaker, the seventh episode of the third series of Survivors made in 1977 for television.
References
External links
Windmill World webpage on Pakenham Mill.
Windmills in Suffolk
Tower mills in the United Kingdom
Windmills completed in 1831
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Grade II* listed buildings in Suffolk
Grade II* listed windmills
Borough of St Edmundsbury
Museums in Suffolk
Mill museums in England
Cameraria nemoris is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from British Columbia in Canada, and California and Maine in the United States.
The wingspan is about 8 mm.
The larvae feed on Vaccinium ovatum. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Cameraria (moth)
Moths described in 1889
Leaf miners
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Lepidoptera of Canada
Taxa named by Thomas de Grey, 6th Baron Walsingham
Maria Karoliina Ohisalo (born 8 March 1985) is a Finnish politician and researcher who served as Minister of the Interior between 2019 and 2021. The leader of the Green League, she has been a Member of Parliament since 2019.
Ohisalo served as the Green League's interim leader after Touko Aalto stepped down in September 2018. She was the only candidate in the Green League leadership election which was held in June 2019. She co-chaired the Union of Green Youth and Students from 2013 to 2014 and has been a member of the Helsinki City Council since 2017 and an MP since 2019.
Early life and studies
Ohisalo was born in 1985 in Vesala in eastern Helsinki. She lived her childhood in poverty in the suburbs of Helsinki as her parents were often unemployed, and she spent one year in a shelter. Her father's alcohol problem led to the separation of her parents. Her mother however continued her studies and worked in the evenings and on weekends. Maria was active in football and athletics already at a young age.
Ohisalo graduated from the Mäkelänrinne Sports High School in 2004 and received a master's degree in social science from the University of Helsinki in 2011.
In 2017, Ohisalo defended her doctorate in sociology at the University of Eastern Finland's Department of Social Sciences. For her doctoral work, she studied food aid and long-term homelessness at the Socca Social Expertise Center in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, under the auspices of the Helsinki City Social and Health Agency. During her studies from 2014 to 2017, Ohisalo was a member of the Federation of Higher Education Students in Social Sciences.
She worked as a researcher at the Y Foundation.
Political career
Ohisalo joined the Green League in 2008.
In 2010, Ohisalo was elected a member of the Kallio parochial church council (Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland), but she resigned when she moved away from the area in October 2011.
Ohisalo has been a member of the Green Union Social and Health Policy Programming Group from 2010 to 2011.
Ohisalo was chair of the International Affairs Working Group of the Federation of Green Youth and Students in 2011. In 2012, she was a member of the board of the organization and responsible for international affairs.
In 2012, Ohisalo was chairman of the Youth Working Group on the Future of Nordic Cooperation in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. She was also a member of the board of directors of the Nordic Youth League in 2012.
In the 2012 Helsinki municipal elections, Ohisalo received 612 votes and became a deputy delegate.
In 2013 she was a member of the Youth Board and a member of the Board of the Helsinki and Uusimaa Hospital District for the remainder of 2014 to 2017. She was elected to the City Council of Helsinki with 4,400 votes in the 2017 municipal elections.
In 2013, she was elected co-chair of the Federation of Green Youth and Students together with Veli-Matti Partanen and in 2014 together with Aaro Häkkinen.
She was a member of the party council from 2013 to 2015.
Ohisalo was a candidate for the 2014 European Parliament elections and received 3,089 votes.
In June 2015, she was elected vice-chair of the Green League.
She was also a candidate for the 2015 parliamentary elections and received 4,087 votes, which was only 109 votes less than necessary to be elected.
From 2015 to 2018, she was a member of the parish council of Helsinki and the council of the parish of Paavali (Saint Paul).
Ohisalo was nominated for the chair of the Green League in the pre-election vote among party members before the 2017 Tampere party congress and attracted attention after coming very close to second place among the six candidates despite being relatively unknown. On 18 September 2018, she was appointed as the official vice chair of the Greens, while Touko Aalto was on sick leave.
Ohisalo was nominated for the parliamentary election in 2019 and was become a member of parliament in the constituency of Helsinki. She received 11,797 votes and was the country's seventh most popular female candidate.
In June 2019, the Greens decided to present Ohisalo as their choice for the post of minister of the interior in the Antti Rinne cabinet.
In June 2019, Ohisalo was elected chair of the Greens at the party congress in the city of Pori.
Personal life
Ohisalo has played football in FC Kontu and FC Viikingit and has participated in athletics competing for Helsingin Kisa-Veikot. In adulthood, she has won prizes in track cycling.
Playing video games – including those by Nintendo – has been an important hobby for her. At one time she considered applying for game designer training.
Ohisalo's spouse is Miika Johansson. In July 2021, she announced that she was pregnant with their first child.
References
|-
1985 births
Living people
Ecofeminists
Politicians from Helsinki
Green League politicians
Ministers of the Interior of Finland
Members of the Parliament of Finland (2019–23)
21st-century Finnish women politicians
Women government ministers of Finland
Female interior ministers
Finnish environmentalists
Finnish feminists
Finnish track cyclists
University of Helsinki alumni
Events from the year 1803 in France.
Incumbents
The French Consulate
Events
30 January
Monroe and Livingston sail for Paris to discuss, and possibly buy, New Orleans: they end completing the Louisiana Purchase.
Napoleon authorizes the celebration of a Joan of Arc feast in Orléans on 8 May.
30 April - Louisiana Purchase made by the United States from France.
May - The First Consul of France Citizen Bonaparte begins making preparations to invade England.
18 May - The United Kingdom redeclares war on France, after French refuse to withdraw from Dutch territory.
5 July - Convention of Artlenburg, the surrender of the Electorate of Hanover to Napoleon's army.
18 November - Haitian Revolution: Battle of Vertières, decisive Haitian victory over the French colonial army.
Births
January to June
16 February - Louis-Antoine Garnier-Pagès, politician (died 1878)
3 March - Alexandre-Gabriel Decamps, painter (died 1860)
15 March - Alexandre Boreau, pharmacist and botanist (died 1875)
7 April - Flora Tristan, socialist writer and activist (died 1844)
24 April - Jean Étienne Bercé, entomologist (died 1879)
24 May - Charles Lucien Bonaparte, naturalist and ornithologist (died 1857)
July to December
22 July - Eugène Isabey, painter, draftsman, and printmaker (died 1886)
24 July - Adolphe Adam, composer and music critic (died 1856)
8 September - Léon Faucher, politician and economist (died 1854)
12 September - Julien Auguste Pélage Brizeux, poet (died 1858)
13 September - Jean Ignace Isidore Gérard, caricaturist (died 1847)
23 September - Jacques Crétineau-Joly, journalist and historian (died 1875)
28 September - Ferdinand Berthier, deaf educator, intellectual and political organiser (died 1886)
28 September - Prosper Mérimée, dramatist, historian and archaeologist (died 1870)
11 December - Hector Berlioz, composer (died 1869)
24 December - Jean-Rémy Bessieux, founder of Roman Catholic mission in Gabon and first Bishop there (died 1876)
Full date unknown
Hélène Jégado, domestic servant and serial killer, executed (died 1852)
Deaths
January to June
18 January - Sylvain Maréchal, essayist, poet and philosopher (born 1750)
29 January - La Clairon, actress (born 1723)
9 February - Jean François de Saint-Lambert, poet (born 1716)
11 February - Jean-François de La Harpe, playwright, writer and critic (born 1739)
16 February - Louis René Édouard, cardinal de Rohan, Cardinal (born 1734)
20 February - Marie Dumesnil, actress (born 1713)
4 March - Madame de Marsan, Royal children's governess (born 1720)
24 April - Adélaïde Labille-Guiard, painter (born 1749)
April - Louis François Antoine Arbogast, mathematician (born 1759)
29 May - Louis-Antoine Caraccioli, writer, poet, historian and biographer (born 1719)
6 June - Louis Gallodier, ballet dancer and choreographer (b. c1734)
July to December
16 August - Gabriel Sénac de Meilhan, writer (born 1736)
5 September
François Devienne, composer and flautist (born 1759)
Pierre Choderlos de Laclos, General and novelist (born 1741)
7 October - Pierre Vachon, composer (born 1731)
12 October - Jacques Gamelin, painter and engraver (born 1738)
7 November - Pierre Brugière, priest and Jansenist (born 1730)
27 November - Antoine Guenée, priest and Christian apologist (born 1717)
See also
References
1800s in France
Dr. Glenn R. Frye House is a historic home located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1937, and is a two-story, Colonial Revival style stone dwelling. It has a -story frame wing. Also on the property are the contributing garage (1937); wrought-iron balustrade, fence, and gates (1937); and stone wall (1937).
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
References
Hickory, North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1937
Colonial Revival architecture in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
1937 establishments in North Carolina
A periscope is a device for viewing things past obstacles.
Periscope may also refer to:
Periscope (album), 1999 stoner/psychedelic rock album by Colour Haze
Periscope (app), a video streaming app
Periscope (arcade game), a 1960s coin-operated arcade game by Namco and Sega
Le périscope, a 1916 film by Abel Gance
Periscope Entertainment, a Los Angeles-based film company
Periscope Pictures, a film production company based in Prince Edward Island, Canada
Periscope Studio, a comics and illustration studio based in Portland, Oregon, USA
Periscope (agency), an advertising agency in Minneapolis, Minnesota
Women's Slalom World Cup 1984/1985
Calendar
Final point standings
In Women's Slalom World Cup 1984/85 the best 5 results count. Nine racers had a point deduction, which are given in (). Erika Hess won her fourth Slalom World Cup.
References
fis-ski.com
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup slalom women's discipline titles
Paula Elsa Jacobs (1932 – 26 June 2021) was a British actress whose television and film career spanned four decades.
Born in Liverpool in 1932 into a Jewish family, her father was J.P. Jacobs, whose company supplied all the elastic to Marks & Spencer. Jacobs made her first television appearance in Z-Cars in 1962, going on to play roles in Softly, Softly: Taskforce (1972–1975), Shoestring (1979), Hammer House of Horror (1980), Mapp & Lucia (1985), Mrs Biggs in Porterhouse Blue (1987), The New Statesman (1989), Bergerac (1990), Maud Wilberforce in Jeeves and Wooster (1990), Brookside (1992), French and Saunders (1993), Coronation Street (1994), Casualty (1989–1995), Drop the Dead Donkey (1994–1998), Dalziel and Pascoe (2000), Midsomer Murders (2002), Agatha Christie's Poirot (2004) and Doctors (2008).
Her film appearances include Birth of the Beatles (1979), An American Werewolf in London (1981), She'll Be Wearing Pink Pyjamas (1985), We Think the World of You (1988), Duel of Hearts (1991), The Remains of the Day (1993) and Tea with Mussolini (1999).
In 1953 in her native Liverpool she married the actor David Swift who on graduating from Cambridge worked for her father's company. She was the mother of actress Julia Swift and the mother-in-law of actor David Bamber. She and her late husband were trustees of the J P Jacobs Charitable Trust, set up in memory of her father.
Jacobs died on 26 June 2021.
Filmography
References
External links
Jacobs on TV.com
1932 births
2021 deaths
People from Liverpool
English television actresses
English film actresses
English stage actresses
English Jews
Jewish English actresses
Peter Ascherl (7 June 1953 – 5 June 2022) was a German-Canadian ice hockey player. He played as a forward in the Eishockey-Bundesliga for Mannheimer ERC, Kölner EC, Eintracht Frankfurt, and Düsseldorfer EG.
Biography
Ascherl began his career in Canada with the Cambridge Hornets of the OHA Senior A League. In 1979, he joined Mannheim ERC after an invite from coach Heinz Weisenbach. During his three seasons at Mannheim, he scored 125 points while playing in 124 games, including 68 goals. He also won a German ice hockey championship with the club in 1980. In 1982, he joined Cologne EC and scored 20 points in the regular season. After a season with Eintracht Frankfurt of the 2nd Bundesliga, he played for Düsseldorfer EG, where he scored nine points during the regular season and subsequently retired from playing ice hockey.
Having studied law at Heidelberg University, Ascherl became a lawyer in Canada after his retirement, specializing in German law. His son, Pierre-Christof Ascherl, also became an ice hockey player and won the German Junior Championships in 2019 with Jungadlern Mannheim.
Peter Ascherl died on 5 June 2022 at the age of 68.
References
1953 births
2022 deaths
Adler Mannheim players
Canadian ice hockey forwards
Kölner Haie players
Frankfurt Lions players
Düsseldorfer EG players
Heidelberg University alumni
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Toronto
Munira Shakir () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Sindh in 2012.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
In December 1816, a special election was held in Georgia's to fill a vacancy left by the resignation of Alfred Cuthbert (DR) on November 9. Cuthbert himself had been elected in a special election in 1813.
Election results
Cook took his seat in Congress on January 23, 1817.
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Georgia 1816 At-large
Georgia 1816 At-large
1816 At-large
Georgia At-large
1816 Georgia (U.S. state) elections
United States House of Representatives 1816 at-large
Thomas Croft Buck (sometimes incorrectly referred to as Buch; born 16 July 1970) is a Danish lightweight rower.
Rowing career
He won a gold medal at the 1992 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men's eight. And gold medal again the 1995 World Rowing Championships in Tampere with the lightweight men's eight.
Buck added "Croft" as a middle name in 1991.
FISA listings
Buck is listed in the World Rowing database with various entries:
Thomas Buck: 1988 results rowing for Denmark
Thomas Croft: results between 1990 and 2001 rowing for Denmark
Thomas Buch: 1994 results being based in the United States
References
1970 births
Living people
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Nguyễn Minh Tú (born 14 November 1991 in Ho Chi Minh City) is a Vietnamese supermodel, beauty queen, and an actress. She won the silver prize in Supermodel Vietnam 2013, and was runner-up in the fifth season of Asia's Next Top Model. She was one of three mentors of The Face Vietnam 2017, as well as a mentor for season six of Asia's Next Top Model. In 2018, she was appointed as Miss Supranational Vietnam 2018 and represented Vietnam at Miss Supranational 2018, where she finished in the top ten, and in Miss Supranational Asia 2018.
Vietnam Supermodel 2013
Tú won silver prize along with Trần Minh Trung and Phan Hà Phương. Trần Ngọc Lan Khuê won the competition.
Asia's Next Top Model
In 2017, Tú represented Vietnam in the fifth season of Asia's Next Top Model. During the competition, she earned a total of 2 first call-outs, 4-second call-outs and made it to the final without any appearances in the show's bottom two. She was placed as a runner-up alongside Malaysian contestant Shikin Gomez. Filipino contestant Maureen Wroblewitz won the competition.
The Face Vietnam
After her run on Asia's Next Top Model, Tú became a mentor on the second season of The Face Vietnam.
Miss Supranational Vietnam 2018
She was appointed title as Vietnam's presenter in Miss Supranational 2018. (Ngoc Chau crowned Miss Supranational Vietnam 2018, and she represented Vietnam at MS 2019)
Miss supranational 2018
Minh Tu represented Vietnam at the 2018 edition of Miss Supranational where she earned a spot in the Top 10 during a live show. Tu placed 7th overall as announced through the official Instagram page of Miss Supranational. Valeria Vasquez of Puerto Rico won the pageant. She also won the title of Miss supranational Asia in a backstage event.
Personal life
Beginning in 2018, Minh Tú was dating rapper Andree. In August 2019, the couple separated.
References
1992 births
Living people
Top Model finalists
Vietnamese female models
People from Ho Chi Minh City
Miss Supranational contestants
21st-century Vietnamese women
Penns Hall is a building on Penns Lane, Walmley, Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham, England, operated as a hotel and country club by Ramada International. It is a Grade B locally listed building, and is licensed as a venue for civil marriages and civil partnerships.
Plants Brook, a tributary of the River Tame, flows through its grounds. A long pool formed by the damming of Plants Brook named Penns Lake is also part of the hotel grounds. This is today used as a carp fishing lake operated by Fosters Fisheries.
History
In 1618, John Penn was operating two water mills for corn milling and for blade sharpening in Sutton Coldfield.
The Websters, a Presbyterian family, operated a blade mill at Perry Barr, Birmingham and in about 1750, Joseph Webster acquired the additional lease of the Penns Mills which property in 1776 comprised a house and two dwellings adjoining a wire mill and a fulling mill, called Penns Mills.
He and his son Joseph Webster developed a wire drawing business and additional premises were taken on at Plants Mill and Hints Forge. Joseph Webster further expanded operations and in 1812 built cottages for the workers adjacent to the mills. This Joseph was warden of Sutton Coldfield in 1810.
By 1815, when Joseph Webster was born, Penns Hall had become a substantial mansion; on census day in 1851 he was employing 105 men and 43 boys at the mills. He was also farming . His brother Baron Dickinson Webster, born 1818, was a justice of the peace, a freemason, a member of the Aston Union and of the turnpike trust and was warden of the town in 1844 and in 1855–1858. A man of some prominence, he was much involved in the negotiations with railway companies regarding their plans for routes to and through Sutton Coldfield. His business interests included the manufacture of wire, and in 1998 a blue plaque was erected at the hall by the Sutton Coldfield Civic Society, honouring his involvement in the first transatlantic telegraph cable.
In 1855, the business of Websters was merged with that of Horsfall at Hay Mills, Birmingham and, in 1859, the whole business was transferred to Hay Mills and the Penns Mills were closed down, with serious financial consequences for many workers and the economy of the Walmley area of Sutton Coldfield. Webster died in 1860 and in 1865, Penns Hall was bought by James Horsfall, whose son Henry was resident there in 1891. In 1947, the property was sold to Ansells who in 1950 converted it into a hotel.
During the 1980s, the hotel became famous as the location for exterior filming of the British television soap opera Crossroads. The hotel filled in as the Crossroads Motel (later known as the Kings Oak Country Hotel) and the entrance to the real hotel's conference facilities was dressed to look like the main entrance to the fictional hotel. A shot of some of the hotel rooms overlooking Penns Lake, which is on the hotel's land, were used as part of the closing credits to the show.
References
External links
Walmley and Penns Mill page
Hotel website
Hotels in Birmingham, West Midlands
Sutton Coldfield
Ramada
Chungsan concentration camp (also spelled Jeungsan, Jungsan or Joongsan) is a reeducation camp in North Korea. Its official name is Kyo-hwa-so No. 11 (Reeducation camp no. 11).
Location
The camp is in Chungsan county, in South Pyongan province of North Korea. It is in the Yellow Sea coast, around west of Pyongyang.
Description
Chungsan camp is a sprawling largely women's penitentiary with between 3,300 and 5,000 prisoners. Since 1999 the camp is used to detain female defectors, which account for 50–60% of the prisoners, while others are incarcerated for theft, prostitution, unauthorized trade, etc. The camp is surrounded by agricultural plots, where the prisoners have to grow rice and corn for delivery to the Ministry of Public Security.
Human rights situation
The food rations are very small. According to a former prisoner, one third of the prisoners died from combinations of malnutrition, disease, and forced labor within a year. Dead prisoners are buried in mass graves on a nearby hill. She reported that the prisoners were often beaten with iron bars, if they did not work hard enough. She got very ill, because her wounds from the beatings got infected.
In interviews other former prisoners reported about
solitary confinement cells,
hard work in farming, from 4 a.m. to 7 or 8 p.m. in the farming season,
a strict system of control and surveillance,
public executions,
violent beatings in cases of rule violations.
Prisoners (witnesses)
Kim Miran (around 2002–2004 in Chungsan) was repatriated from China for illegal border-crossing.
An unidentified former prisoner (female, 2004–2005 in Chungsan) gave testimony to HRNK about the camp. She was repatriated from China and imprisoned without a trial for illegal border crossing.
Ten other unidentified former prisoners (all female) were interviewed by the Database Center for North Korean Human Rights. Most of them do not want to be identified for fear that their relatives in North Korea are punished.
See also
Human rights in North Korea
Kaechon concentration camp
North Korean defectors
References
External links
Committee for Human Rights in North Korea: The Hidden Gulag - Overview of North Korean prison camps with testimonies and satellite photographs
Database Center for North Korean Human Rights: Prisoners in North Korea Today - Comprehensive explanation of detention facilities in North Korea based on numerous defector testimonies
Concentration camps in North Korea
The Jensen 541S was Jensen Motors luxury GT model of the Jensen 541. Announced in mid-October 1960, the Jensen 541S was four inches wider than the 541R. The increase track allowed the new car's interior to be roomier and improved the roadholding. The 541S had a conventional radiator grill (as opposed to the flap of the 541) to allow for the extra heat given by a proposed new V8 engine, and a Salisbury limited slip differential for the extra torque demanded..
Jensen used their own powerful version of the Austin DS5 4-litre straight-six engine (featuring triple H4 type SU carburettors, a high compression Weslake head with custom-made twin exhaust manifolds and an alloy baffled sump/oil cooler) in the 541S. Initially the Jensen brothers tested Chrysler Hemi V8s in the 541S, also trialled in Alan Jensen's Jensen 541delux, but none were used because of supply difficulties. One was fitted with a Chevrolet 327 V8 however, at Donald Healey's request. A total of 127 cars were hand-built between 1960 and 1962 at Jensen's West Bromwich factory, most having GM-licensed Rolls-Royce hydramatic gearboxes. This was innovative at the time as performance cars mainly had manual gearboxes. It also suited the criteria of effortless speed and luxurious long distance driving Jensen set for their new car, although twenty-two were fitted with Moss manual gear boxes at the request of their prospective owners.
The Jensen 541S is also notable for being the first British car to have seat belts fitted as standard equipment. Another first for the 541 series was the use of Dunlop disc brakes on all four wheels. A rack and pinion steering system was employed, giving the car very positive steering. Other safety equipment included a padded windscreen surround, fire extinguisher and first-aid kit. Each car was also fitted with a Motorola radio.
The 541 S was superseded by the Chrysler Golden Commando V8 powered Jensen C-V8 model, which inherited from the 541 S the same wheelbase and track dimensions, as well as the Jensen ethos of safe, easy, comfortable and fast inter-continental travel while the groundbreaking 1966 Jensen FF used a perimeter tube style chassis first tried on the 541 series of cars.
Gallery
Further reading
References
541S
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Grand tourers
Cars introduced in 1960
The E3 European long distance path, or just E3 path, is a long-distance footpath that is planned to run from the Portuguese coast to the Black Sea in Bulgaria. It is one of the network of European long-distance paths.
Route
The completed sections of the route pass through Spain, France, Luxembourg, Belgium, Germany, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, a short stretch in Poland, Hungary, Romania, and Bulgaria.
It is planned to extend the route into Portugal to end at Cape St. Vincent.
Spain
See Traildino
The Spanish portion of the E3 follows the Way of St. James, and specifically the French Way between Santiago de Compostela and France.
France
See Traildino
Luxembourg
See Traildino
Belgium
See Traildino
Germany
See Traildino
Czech Republic
See Traildino
Slovakia
See Traildino
In Slovakia, the path runs over the Malá Fatra and the Tatra Mountains.
Poland
See Traildino
Hungary
See Traildino
Bulgaria
See Traildino
In Bulgaria, the path follows the ridge of the Balkan Mountains from Kom Peak on the Serbian border to Cape Emine on the Black Sea and is locally famous as the Kom–Emine long-distance trail.
Romania
In Romania, the route includes the Carpatians Mountains.
External links
E3 - map and information at European Ramblers' Association
Digitalized Slovak part of E3, GPX download included
Info about the Bulgarian part of E3
European long-distance paths
Hiking trails in Spain
Hiking trails in France
Hiking trails in Germany
Hiking trails in the Czech Republic
Hiking trails in Slovakia
Hiking trails in Bulgaria
The Nias language is an Austronesian language spoken on Nias Island and the Batu Islands off the west coast of Sumatra in Indonesia. It is known as Li Niha by its native speakers. It belongs to the Northwest Sumatra–Barrier Islands subgroup which also includes Mentawai and the Batak languages. It had about 770,000 speakers in 2000. There are three main dialects: northern, central and southern. It is an open-syllable language, which means there are no syllable-final consonants.
Dialects
Nias is typically considered to have three dialects.
Northern dialect: particularly the Gunungsitoli variety, Alasa and Lahewa area.
South dialect: South Nias, Gomo Area, Telukdalam Area and Batu Islands.
Central dialect: West Nias, particularly in Sirombu and Mandrehe areas.
Cognate percentage among the dialects of Nias is about 80%.
The northern variant is considered the prestige dialect. The only complete Bible translation is written in the northern dialect and is used by speakers of all dialects.
Phonology
Nias has the following phonemes (sounds only found in the northern dialect are given in , southern-only sounds are in ):
Phonetic descriptions of the sounds traditionally written as and greatly vary. Sundermann (1913) and Halawa et al. (1983) describe them as prenasalized stop and prenasalized trilled stop for the northern dialect, while Brown (2005) records them as trill and trilled stop for the southern dialect. In an acoustic study of Nias dialects from three locations, Yoder (2010) shows a complex pattern of four phonetic realizations of and : plain stop, prenasalized stop, stop with trilled release, stop with fricated release.
The status of initial is not determined; there are no phonetic vowel-initial words in Nias.
The contrast between and (both written in common spelling) is only observed in the southern dialect. Here, the fricative only occurs in initial position in the mutated form (see §Noun case marking (mutation)) of nouns beginning with f, e.g. ~ .
The approximant can appear in initial and medial position, and is in free variation with for many speakers of the southern dialect. For the northern dialect, only fricative approximant is reported, corresponding to both sounds of southern Nias. The semivowel is a distinct phoneme and is written in common spelling.
Grammar
Nias has an ergative–absolutive alignment. It is the only known ergative–absolutive language in the world that has a "marked absolutive", which means that absolutive case is marked, whereas ergative case is unmarked.
There are no adjectives in Nias, words with that function are taken by verbs.
Pronouns
The following table lists the free and bound pronouns of Nias ( = only used in the northern dialect, = only used in the southern dialect):
Independent pronouns are used:
as the predicate in nominal clauses
as the P argument of transitive verbs in dependent (including relative and nominalized) clauses
following certain prepositions and ha "only"
in fronted (topicalized) position
Absolutive pronouns are used:
as the S argument of independent intransitive and nominal clauses (in the southern dialect, only in realis mood)
as the P argument of transitive verbs in independent clauses
as the stimulus with intransitive verbs expressing emotions or states of mind
Genitive pronouns are used:
as possessor, e.g. ama-gu "my father"
following certain prepositions, e.g. khö-gu "to me"
as the S argument in nominalized intransitive clauses
as the A argument in nominalized transitive clauses
as the A argument in relative clauses with the P argument of a transitive verb as head
Ergative (realis) pronouns are used:
as the A argument in independent transitive clauses (in the southern dialect, only in realis mood)
Irrealis pronouns are used in the southern dialect:
as the S argument in independent intransitive clauses in irrealis mood
as the A argument in independent transitive clauses in irrealis mood
In the northern dialect, the irrealis pronouns are restricted to third person, and are employed in what Sundermann (1913) calls "jussive" mood.
Noun case marking (mutation)
Case marking of nouns is indicated in Nias by mutation of the initial consonant. Several consonants are subject to mutation as shown in the table below. Where a word begins in a vowel, either n or g is added before the vowel; the choice of n or g is lexically conditioned. (For example, öri ~ nöri is 'village federation', öri ~ göri is 'bracelet'.)
Other consonants do not change.
Unmutated case
The unmutated case form is used in citation. It further appears in all functions described above for independent pronouns:
as the predicate in nominal clauses
as the P argument of transitive verbs in dependent (including relative and nominalized) clauses
following certain prepositions and ha "only"
in fronted (topicalized) position
Additionally, A arguments in independent transitive clauses appear in unmutated case, cross-referenced by the corresponding ergative or irrealis pronoun.
Mutated case
The mutated case form of the noun corresponds in function to both the absolutive and the genitive pronouns:
as the S argument of independent intransitive and nominal clauses
as the P argument of transitive verbs in independent clauses
as the stimulus with intransitive verbs expressing emotions or states of mind
as possessor
following certain prepositions
as the S argument in nominalized intransitive clauses
as the A argument in nominalized transitive clauses
as the A argument in relative clauses with the P argument of a transitive verb as head
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Nias wordlist, Austronesian Basic Vocabulary Database
Online dictionary of Nias
Kamus Nias-Indonesia (Nias-Indonesian Dictionary)
Articles on Nias Language (in Indonesian)
Northwest Sumatra–Barrier Islands languages
Languages of Indonesia
North Sumatra
The Mittelmark (German for "Middle March") is a historical region in eastern Germany that was the core territory of the Margrave of Brandenburg between the Oder and Elbe rivers.
The name refers to the location of the territory between the Altmark (Old March) and the Neumark (New March) and it lay roughly in the area of the earlier Nordmark.
The name of Mittelmark was used for a short-lived province of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1713 and again from 1993 to for the district of Potsdam-Mittelmark in the German state of Brandenburg. However, the southern part of the district containing Bad Belzig did not historically belong to Mittelmark, it was instead a part of Saxony.
External links
Map of the decline of the March of Brandenburg showing Mittelmark
Geography of Brandenburg
Margraviate of Brandenburg
Houston Glacier () is a small glacier that drains north from Eielson Peninsula into Smith Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey in 1974, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Robert B. Houston, U.S. Navy, a radioman at Palmer Station in 1973.
References
Glaciers of Palmer Land
Xing Aihua (, born February 4, 1978) is Chinese long-track speed-skater. She represented China at the 2010 Winter Olympics in the Women's 500m and 1000m.
References
Chinese female speed skaters
Olympic speed skaters of China
Speed skaters at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Jilin
Asian Games medalists in speed skating
Speed skaters at the 2003 Asian Winter Games
Speed skaters at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Medalists at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
20th-century Chinese women
21st-century Chinese women
Arundhati Ghose (25 November 1939 – 25 July 2016) was an Indian diplomat. She was Permanent Representative of India to the UN Offices in Geneva and was head of the Indian delegation that participated in the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) negotiations at the Conference on Disarmament in Geneva in 1996. She also served as Ambassador to the Republic of Korea and the Arab Republic of Egypt.
Early life
Ghose grew up in Mumbai and studied at Cathedral and John Connon School. She graduated from Lady Brabourne College in Kolkata and went on to study at Visva-Bharati University, in Shantiniketan, before joining the Indian Foreign Service in 1963.
Ghose came from a prominent Bengali family. She is a sister of Ruma Pal, a former Supreme court judge, and of Bhaskar Ghose, former chairman of Prasar Bharati. She is the aunt of journalist Sagarika Ghose and Sanjay Ghose, a social worker who was abducted and killed by ULFA in Assam in 1997.
Career
In the course of her career, Ghose served in Austria, the Netherlands, Bangladesh and the Permanent Mission of India in New York. She was also the key liaison to the Bangladesh Government in exile in Calcutta during the 1971 War.
In 1996, Ghose was deputed to head India's delegation to the CTBT conference in Geneva. India was a key participant at this conference, being one of only three countries that possessed nuclear technology and yet remained unrecognized as a nuclear power and outside the ambit of the Nuclear Non-proliferation Treaty (NPT). In keeping with its long standing and oft-enunciated policy, India declined to endorse any regime that permitted some countries to retain nuclear weaponry while limiting the ability of other countries to develop similar capabilities of their own. She resisted pressure from the Western countries on India to sign the CTBT, attaining celebrity status in India in the process.
She retired in November 1997.
Post-retirement
She was actively engaged in a number of activities till her death from cancer in 2016. She was a Member of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) from 1998 to 2004. She was a member of the UN Secretary General's Advisory Board on Disarmament Matters from 1998 to 2001. She was a Member from India to the Committee for Economic, Social and Cultural Rights from 2004 to 2005. She was a member of the Executive Council of the Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses from 2004 to 2007. She was also a member of Task Force on non-proliferation and Disarmament set up by the Ministry of External Affairs in 2007.
Awards and honours
Friends of Liberation War Honour by the Government of Bangladesh on 27 March 2012.
See also
Navtej Sarna
Taranjit Singh Sandhu
Harsh Vardhan Shringla
References
1939 births
2016 deaths
Permanent Representatives of India to the United Nations
Lady Brabourne College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Visva-Bharati University alumni
Cathedral and John Connon School alumni
Indian women ambassadors
The Taichung LNG Terminal () is a liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal at Port of Taichung, Wuqi District, Taichung, Taiwan.
History
The terminal was inaugurated on 16 July 2009 by CPC Corporation as the second LNG terminal in Taiwan. On 24 August 2020, Port of Taichung operator Taiwan International Ports Corporation signed an agreement with CPC Corporation to lease the area next to west wharf number 11 and 12 of the port for the expansion of Taichung LNG Terminal.
Technical specifications
The terminal supplies vaporized LNG to Tatan Power Plant in Guanyin District, Taoyuan City via subsea gas pipeline.
See also
List of LNG terminals
References
2009 establishments in Taiwan
Buildings and structures in Taichung
Energy infrastructure completed in 2009
Liquefied natural gas terminals in Taiwan
Andresa Maria de Sousa Ramos, known as Mother Andresa (Caxias, Maranhão, 1854 - 1954), was a great priestess (vodunsi) of the Tambor de Mina, cult of voduns in Maranhão.
Considered the last direct lineage princess Fon, her African names given by the voduns were Ronçoiama and Rotopameraçulem (name given after the barco, or initiation ceremony). Mother (or Mãe, in Portuguese) Andresa coordinated the Casas das Minas, the most important temple of Tambor de Mina in Maranhão, between 1914 and 1954. Died at 100 years of age.
Biography
A descendant of slaves, Mother Andresa was born in Caxias. She came still young to São Luís, seeking health treatment. She went into a trance with the vodum Tói Poliboji (a deity of the Tambor de Mina) the age of seven or eight. She completed her initiation on a barco of 12 vodunsis hunjaís (the "complete daughters", priestesses who receive in addition to a vodum, a tobossi), probably before 1900, when the temple was headed by Mother Luisa, the second head of the Casa das Minas.
In 1914, he succeeded Mãe Hosana (who had succeeded Mãe Luisa), when he was about 60 years old, and devoted himself entirely to the house. She never married, and she would have worked selling food in her youth to support herself.
She was friends with several ancient priestesses of São Luís, having had respectful relations with other ancient terreiros. Known for its generosity, she was much sought after by people from various cities of Maranhão, even in case of illness, as there was a garden with medicinal plants in the temple. Several friends sent groceries to the Casa das Minas, and Mother Andressa ordered to distribute the leftover food so that they did not spoil.
She had about a hundred godchildren, and she loves children very much. She raised Maneco, chief player of the House; Dona Amância, head of the House between 1972 and 1976; and Dona Deni, chief between 1997 and 2015. She did not prepare other barcos (initiation ceremonies) for vodunsis hunjaís.
While heading the temple, she had to sell jewelry to pay taxes during World War II. In the Estado Novo, there were persecutions of the terreiros in São Luís and attempts to transfer them to the outskirts of the city. However, Governor Paulo Ramos authorized the Casa das Minas and the Casa de Nagô to remain because they are very old.
For the last 20 years of her life, she was visited by several Brazilian and foreign journalists and researchers, who interviewed her and she provided information about the worship and the history of the temple.
At the end of her life she could no longer walk, although she was still lucid. In 1953, President Café Filho was in São Luís and visited Casa das Minas.
She died on April 20, 1954, on a Holy Thursday, after directing the House for four decades, and there was a year's mourning in the temple.
References
1854 births
Brazilian centenarians
Female religious leaders
People from Maranhão
1954 deaths
Women centenarians
Edmunds Vasiļjevs (born 20 February 1954) is retired Latvian professional ice-hockey player. During his career he played for Dinamo Riga club in Soviet Championship League. He currently coaches children at his ice-hockey school. His brother is a former ice-hockey player Team Latvia couch Haralds Vasiļjevs. His nephew Herberts Vasiļjevs plays for Team Latvia and Krefeld Pinguine of DEL.
References
Latvian ice hockey players
Latvian ice hockey coaches
Latvian sports coaches
Dinamo Riga players
Living people
Soviet ice hockey players
1954 births
Anton Mikhailovich Chupkov (; born 22 February 1997) is a Russian competitive swimmer. He is the European record holder in the long course 200 metre breaststroke and the Russian record holder in the long course 100 metre breaststroke. He formerly held the world record in the long course 200 metre breaststroke. At the 2015 European Games he won four gold medals in individual and relay events. He won the bronze medal in the 200 metre breaststroke at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He won the gold medal in the 200 metre breaststroke at the 2017 and 2019 World Aquatics Championships.
Background
Chupkov trains at the Sports School of Olympic Reserve "Youth of Moscow" for swimming. He has been member of the Russian Federation youth national team in swimming since 2013. Chupkov swam distances of 100 metre and 200 metre breaststroke in 2014.
Career
2013
In 2013, Chupkov competed at the 2013 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival taking the gold medal in 200 metre breaststroke and the silver medal in the 100 metre breaststroke.
2014
In 2014, Chupkov competed at the 2014 European Junior Championships winning two bronze medals, one in the 50 metre breaststroke and one in the 100 metre breaststroke, a silver medal in the 200 metre breaststroke, and he won gold medals as part of the Russian team in 4×100 metre medley relay and the 4×100 metre mixed medley relay. From 17 to 22 August, Chupkov competed at the 2014 Youth Olympics in Nanjing, China, where he won five medals including gold medals in 100 metre breaststroke and 4×100 metre medley relay.
2015
On 20 April 2015, when he was 18 years old, Chupkov won the gold medal and became the Russian champion in the 200 metre breaststroke. He also competed in the 50 metre and 100 metre breaststroke.
2015 European Games
In June 2015 at the inaugural 2015 European Games in Baku, Azerbaijan Chupkov won four gold medals, in the 200 metre breaststroke, the 100 metre breaststroke, the 4×100 metre medley relay (with Daniil Pakhomov, Vladislav Kozlov and Filipp Shopin touching in 3:36.38) in a new world junior record and breaking the previous record held by Russia at 3:38.02 from the 2014 Youth Olympics, and the 4×100 metre mixed medley relay (with Daniil Pakhomov, Arina Openysheva and Maria Kameneva at a time of 3:49.53). Chupkov broke two world junior records including a previous record set by himself at the 2014 Youth Olympics. He was selected as the Russian athlete to serve as flag bearer for and carry the flag of Russia at the closing ceremony of the Games.
World Championships
Chupkov appeared in his first senior Worlds at the 2015 World Championships in Kazan, where he qualified in the 200 metre breaststroke final finishing in 7th place in a time of 2:09.96, after previously setting a world junior record in the semifinals in a time of 2:09.64.
World Junior Championships
Chupkov also competed at the 2015 World Junior Championships in Singapore; he won gold medals in two individual events, the 100 metre breaststroke (1:00.19) and the 200 metre breaststroke (2:10.19, a meet record), and finished 7th in the 50 metre breaststroke final. In relay events, Chupkov competed in the 4×100 metre mixed medley (with Daniil Pakhomov, Irina Pridhoko and Arina Openysheva), where Russia set a new world junior record at 3:45.85, and in the 4×100 metre medley (with Daniil Pakhomov, Vladislav Kozlov, Roman Larin, finishing in 3:36.44), setting a new championships record.
2016
In June 2016 as part of the Mare Nostrum stop in Canet-en-Roussillon, France, Chupkov broke the Russian record of 2:08.62 set in 2013 by Vyacheslav Sinkevich in the 200 metre breaststroke with a time of 2:08.53.
2016 Summer Olympics
At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Chupkov won his first Olympic medal, the bronze medal in the 200 metre breaststroke with a time of 2:07.70. In the prelims heats of the 200 metre breaststroke, Chupkov set a new Russian record with a time of 2:07.93, which lowered the former record by over six-tenths of a second. Chupkov swam a new Russian record of 2:07.70 in the final on 10 August to win the bronze medal, finishing after gold medalist Dmitriy Balandin of Kazakhstan and silver medalist Josh Prenot of the United States.
2017
For the stop of the 2017 Mare Nostrum held in Barcelona, Spain, Chupkov set a new Russian record in the long course 100 metre breaststroke with a time of 59.39 seconds on 13 June. On 18 June, at the stop in Canet-en-Roussillon, France, Chupkov lowered the Russian record in the 200 metre breaststroke to a 2:07.46.
World Championships
In July 2017, at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships held at Danube Arena in Budapest, Hungary, Chupkov started his competition in the prelims heats of the 200 metre breaststroke where he qualified for the semifinals ranking first with a 2:08.23 on 27 July. Following up his prelims heats performance in the evening semifinals, Chupkov set a new Championships record, European record, and Russian record in the 200 metre breaststroke with a time of 2:07.14. In the final of the 200 metre breaststroke the next day, 28 July, Chupkov won the gold medal in a time of 2:06.96, lowering the previous Championships, European, and Russian records he had set in the semifinals and finishing over three-tenths of a second ahead of silver medalist Yasuhiro Koseki of Japan and over half a second ahead of bronze medalist Ippei Watanabe of Japan. On the final day of competition, 30 July, Chupkov won a bronze medal for his contributions as part of the 4×100 metre medley relay, splitting a 59.06 for the breaststroke leg of the relay in the prelims heats.
2018
European Aquatics Championships
At the 2018 European Aquatics Championships in Glasgow, Scotland, Chupkov won the bronze medal in the 100 metre breaststroke with a 59.06, finishing behind gold medalist Adam Peaty of Great Britain and silver medalist James Wilby of Great Britain. In the 200 metre breaststroke, Chupkov won the gold medal with a time of 2:06.80 and set new Championships, European, and Russian records in the event. For the 4×100 metre medley relay, Chupkov split a 1:00.40 on the breaststroke leg of the relay in the final to help win the silver medal in a time of 3:32.03.
2019
World Championships
Chupkov won the world title in the 200 metre breaststroke at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships in Gwangju, South Korea, marking the second time in a row he won the world title in the event after first winning the title in 2017. In the prelims heats of the 200 metre breaststroke, he qualified for the semifinals ranking second behind first-ranked Matthew Wilson of Australia and ahead of third-ranked Marco Koch of Germany with a time of 2:08.22. Later the same day Chupkov ranked second in the semifinals, swimming a time of 2:06.83. In the final of the 200 metre breaststroke the following day, Chupkov won the gold medal and the world title in a new world record time of 2:06.12, which lowered the previous record of 2:06.67 by over half a second. Chupkov won his second medal of the Championships in the 4×100 metre medley relay, where he won a bronze medal for his prelims efforts swimming the breaststroke leg of the relay in 58.90 seconds when the finals relay placed third in 3:28.81.
International Swimming League
In the autumn of 2019 Chupkov was a member of the inaugural International Swimming League swimming for the Energy Standard Swim Club. He won the 200 metre breaststroke at the matches held in Indianapolis, United States on 5 and 6 October and in London, United Kingdom on 23 and 24 November.
2019 Military World Games
At the 2019 Military World Games in Wuhan, China in mid-October 2019, Chupkov won his first medal in the 100 metre breaststroke, swimming a time of 59.17 seconds to win the gold medal and finish 0.10 seconds ahead of silver medalist Yan Zibei of China. Chupkov also won the gold medal in the 200 metre breaststroke, finishing in 2:07.95 and over half a second ahead of the silver medalist in the event, Qin Haiyang of China. On the breaststroke leg of the 4×100 metre medley relay, Chupkov split a 58.72 to help win the silver medal in a final time of 3:33.57.
Swimming World Cup
At the 2019 FINA Swimming World Cup stop in Kazan in November and conducted in long course metres, Chupkov broke the Russian record of 59.05 set by Kirill Prigoda in the 100 metre breaststroke with a time of 58.94 seconds and won the gold medal in the event, finishing four-hundredths of a second ahead of silver medalist Arno Kamminga of the Netherlands.
2020
International Swimming League
In the spring of 2020, Chupkov signed on to compete for the Toronto Titans, the first Canadian based professional swim team in the ISL, in their inaugural season, the 2020 International Swimming League.
2020 Russian Championships
At the 2020 Russian Championships in October, Chupkov set a new Russian record in the long course 100 metre breaststroke with a time of 58.83 seconds, which broke the former record of 58.94 seconds he set at the 2019 FINA Swimming World Cup.
2021
European Aquatics Championships
At the 2020 European Aquatics Championships held in Budapest, Hungary in May 2021, Chupkov placed tenth in the semifinals of the 100 metre breaststroke on 17 May with a time of 59.49 seconds. In the 200 metre breaststroke final on 20 May, Chupkov won the gold medal with a time of 2:06.99, which made him the only medalist to swim the race in less than 2:07.00. He also won a silver medal in the 4×100 metre medley relay, contributing a split of 58.94 seconds for the breaststroke leg of the relay in the prelims heats before Kirill Prigoda substituted in for Chupkov in the final.
2020 Summer Olympics
In July and August 2021 at the 2020 Summer Olympics held in Tokyo, Japan and postponed to 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Chupkov placed fourth in the 200 metre breaststroke final with a time of 2:07.24, fourth in the 4×100 metre medley relay swimming the breaststroke leg of the relay in 59.55 in the prelims heats, and 16th in the 100 metre breaststroke with a 59.93 in the semifinals.
Swimming World Cup
In October 2021, Chupkov competed in the third 2021 FINA Swimming World Cup stop, which was held in Doha, Qatar, where he won the bronze medal in the short course 100 metre breaststroke with a 57.56, placed sixth in the 50 metre breaststroke with a 26.90, and won the bronze medal in the 200 metre breaststroke with a 2:03.08. Later in the month he also competed in the fourth and final World Cup stop, held at the Palace of Water Sports in Kazan, winning the bronze medal in the 200 metre breaststroke in 2:02.71, the bronze medal in the 100 metre breaststroke with a 57.30, and placing 14th in the 50 metre breaststroke with a time of 27.06 seconds. Ranked across all four stops of the World Cup circuit for his performances, Chupkov came in at number 22 overall amongst all male competitors in terms of total number of points scored and ranked as the second-highest scoring male competitor representing Russia behind Vladimir Morozov.
Vladimir Salnikov Cup
At the 2021 Vladimir Salnikov Cup in December, Chupkov won the short course 200 metre breaststroke with a time of 2:03.67.
Personal best times
Long course metres (50 m pool)
Short course metres (25 m pool)
Swimming World Cup circuits
The following medals Chupkov has won at Swimming World Cup circuits.
World records
Long course metres (50 m pool)
Continental and national records
Long course metres (50 m pool)
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming (men)
World record progression 200 metres breaststroke
References
External links
Anton Chupkov at russwimming.ru
Anton Chupkov at the-sports.org
1997 births
Living people
Russian male swimmers
Russian male breaststroke swimmers
Male breaststroke swimmers
Male medley swimmers
Swimmers from Moscow
Olympic swimmers of Russia
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
European Games gold medalists for Russia
European Games medalists in swimming
Swimmers at the 2015 European Games
Swimmers at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists in swimming
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Russia
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
21st-century Russian people
20th-century Russian people
The National Archives and Records Service is an institutional network, operating on a centralized and decentralized provincial basis under central government control. The National Archives and Records Service of South Africa was established by passing of the National Archives and Records Service of South Africa Act in 1996.
National Archives and Records Service Offices
Head Office
Bureau of Heraldry
National Archives Repository
National Film, Video and Sound Archives (South Africa)
Records Management and Information Systems
Provincial Archives Services
Eastern Cape Provincial Archives (includes Mthatha Archives Repository, Port Elizabeth Archives Repository)
Free State Provincial Archives
Gauteng Provincial Archives
KwaZulu-Natal Provincial Archives (includes Durban Archives Repository, Pietermaritzburg Archives Repository, Ulundi Archives Repository)
Limpopo Provincial Archives Service
Mpumalanga Provincial Archives Service
Northern Cape Provincial Archives Service
North West Provincial Archives and Records Services
Western Cape Provincial Archives and Records Service
See also
List of archives in South Africa
Archival platform
Iziko Museums
National Library of South Africa
Unesco Memory of the World Register – Africa
References
External links
National Archives and Records Service of South Africa
Government of South Africa
History of South Africa
Archives in South Africa
1996 establishments in South Africa
South Africa
Organisations based in Pretoria
Arisa Cox (born December 7, 1978) is a Canadian television and radio personality, best known as the host of Big Brother Canada. Cox was born in Toronto, Ontario.
Attending Carleton University's journalism program, Cox first came to prominence as an on-air reporter for CTV Ottawa, then as a participant in the first season of U8TV: The Lofters, and later worked as a creative producer, entertainment and weather reporter for A-Channel Ottawa, as an entertainment reporter for The A-List and The Gill Deacon Show. She has also appeared as an actor in Instant Star, Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam, The Smart Woman Survival Guide and the CBC mini-series Guns.
From September 2007 to August 2009, Cox co-hosted the entertainment newsmagazine E! News Weekend on the now defunct E! Canada. Her cohost on E! News Weekend, Jason Ruta, was also a former U8TV lofter, who appeared during that show's second season. Following the end of that show's run, she became an arts and entertainment reporter for CBC News Network.
On January 21, 2013, Cox was announced as the host of Big Brother Canada and in 2020, she was promoted to executive producer as of Season 9. In May 2013, Cox was announced as the new cohost of the morning show on CHBN-FM in Edmonton, Alberta. She began her job at The Bounce on July 8 during the morning show with Ara.
In 2018 she starred as Brock St. Regis in the TV movie Christmas With a View.
References
External links
1978 births
Participants in Canadian reality television series
Canadian television journalists
Canadian radio hosts
Journalists from Toronto
Carleton University alumni
Black Canadian broadcasters
Living people
Canadian infotainers
Black Canadian women
Canadian women television journalists
Canadian women radio hosts
Urban Hammar (born 12 August 1961) is a Swedish retired football midfielder and later manager.
References
1961 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Örebro SK players
AIK Fotboll players
Association football midfielders
Swedish football managers
Örebro SK managers
Allsvenskan managers
Operation Zauberflöte or Operation Magic Flute () was a 1943 security operation by the German forces in the occupied Minsk, Belarus (Reichskommissariat Ostland). As part of the Bandenbekämpfung (bandit fighting) security doctrine, the operation was conducted by units of the Wehrmacht and the SS Police under the command of Gerret Korsemann, the Higher SS and Police Leader for Central Russia.
Planning and goals
The operation, slated for 17−22 April 1943, envisaged the search of the city, including 130,000 dwellings, for "bandits, Bolshevik terror and saboteur troops, operatives and helpers". The result would be the eradication of resistance within the city and the registration of fugitives for punishment or deportation to Germany.
The operation was directed by Gerret Korsemann, the Higher SS and Police Leader for Central Russia. The units assigned to Zauberflöte included:
Elements of the 141st Reserve Division of the Wehrmacht
Minsk military garrison troops
Dirlewanger Brigade
2nd SS Police Regiment
13th SS Police Regiment
Implementation and results
The operation commenced at 04:00 on 17 April 1943, under the cover of darkness to maximise the effect of surprise for the sweep of the first city district. By the evening of 18 April, the army completed the encirclement of the city centre, which allowed the SS police units to conduct searches of dwellings and ruins. The "Dirlewanger Brigade" surrounded the Minsk ghetto and provided guards to the labour columns leaving the ghetto. Korsemann instructed the brigade that plunder would be severely punished.
The operation was declared a success by Bandenbekämpfung chief, Erich von dem Bach-Zelewski, who was visiting the city. The result included processing of 76,000 persons, with 52,000 taken to collection points for further processing; 550 were deported to Germany. Another 700 people were sent to labour camps in Minsk, 39 people were arrested and two killed.
A total of 22,000 persons were determined to be travelling by rail without tickets. The commander of the army patrol service at the Reichskommissariat Ostland praised the results of the operation and demanded regular raids at railway stations. To celebrate the success of the operation, the SS Police conducted a parade, where Bach-Zelewski gave a speech.
References
Bibliography
Bandenbekämpfung
1943 in Belarus
April 1943 events
Zauberflöte
Nazi SS
Nazi war crimes in Belarus
Mass murder in 1943
{{Infobox song
| name = Adore
| cover = CashmereAdore.png
| alt =
| type = single
| artist = Cashmere Cat featuring Ariana Grande
| album = 9 (Japanese deluxe)'
| released = March 3, 2015
| recorded = 23 January 2015
| studio =
| genre =
| length = 3:35
| label =
| writer =
| producer =
| chronology = Cashmere Cat
| prev_title = Ice Rink
| prev_year = 2015
| next_title = Wild Love
| next_year = 2016
| misc =
}}
"Adore" is a song recorded by Norwegian DJ and record producer Cashmere Cat, featuring vocals by American singer Ariana Grande. It was written and produced by Cashmere along with Benny Blanco and Lido, and co-written by Ammar Malik, Jeremih Felton, Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds and Darryl Simmons. "Adore" was digitally released on March 3, 2015 by Friends Keep Secrets and Interscope Records.
Background and composition
"Adore" is the second collaboration between Cashmere Cat and Grande, the first being the song "Be My Baby", from Grande's second studio album, My Everything (2014). The song features a heavy dose of breathy, falsetto vocals, atmospheric elements, subtle dance beats and punches of clattering percussion, and a vocal interpolation of Johnny Gill's classic R&B hit "My, My, My".
Live performances
The song was first presented on Grande's The Honeymoon Tour where Cashmere Cat performed the song with Grande during his opening act.
Critical receptionUSA Today'' ranked the song as one of the 50 best in 2015, writing, "Grande's towering vocals have never sounded better than on this offbeat R&B track."
Charts performance
Commercially, the song peaked at number 93 on the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming Cashmere Cat's first appearance on that chart.
References
External links
Cashmere Cat at SoundCloud
2015 songs
2015 singles
Ariana Grande songs
Interscope Records singles
Norwegian electronic songs
Songs written by Benny Blanco
Songs written by Ammar Malik
Songs written by Babyface (musician)
Songs written by Daryl Simmons
Songs written by Jeremih
Song recordings produced by Benny Blanco
Song recordings produced by Cashmere Cat
Torch songs
Songs written by Cashmere Cat
Cashmere Cat songs
Songs written by Lido (musician)
David "Jack" Pottinger (1911–2004) was a Jamaican painter.
Self-taught as an artist, he began his career in the 1940s after participating in Edna Manley's classes at the Junior Centre in Kingston, Jamaica. Kingston was the primary subject of much of his work; he also painted Jamaican traditions and popular scenes. His style has been described as reminiscent of the early paintings of Petion Savain.
Pottinger was awarded a Gold Musgrave Medal in 2002 by the Institute of Jamaica.
References
Biography
Veerle Poupeye. Caribbean Art. London; Thames and Hudson; 1998.
1911 births
2004 deaths
Recipients of the Musgrave Medal
20th-century Jamaican painters
A Dog of Flanders is an 1872 novel by English author Marie Louise de la Ramée published with her pseudonym "Ouida". It is about a Flemish boy named Nello and his dog, Patrasche, and is set in Antwerp.
In Japan, Korea, Russia, Ukraine and the Philippines, the novel has been an extremely popular children's classic for decades and has been adapted into several Japanese films and anime. Since the 1980s, the Belgian board of tourism caught on to the phenomenon and built two monuments honoring the story to please East-Asian tourists. There is a small statue of Nello and Patrasche at the Kapelstraat in the Antwerp suburb of Hoboken, and a commemorative plaque in front of the Antwerp Cathedral donated by Toyota, that was later replaced by a marble statue of the two characters covered by a cobblestone blanket, created by the artist Batist Vermeulen.
Summary
In 19th century Belgium, a boy named Nello becomes an orphan at the age of two when his mother dies in the Ardennes. His impoverished grandfather, Jehan Daas, who lives in a small village near the city of Antwerp, takes him in.
One day, Nello and Jehan find a dog that was almost beaten to death, and name him "Patrasche". Due to the good care and kindness shown to him by Jehan, the dog recovers its health, and from then on, Nello and Patrasche are inseparable. Nello is forced to work as a milk seller, because Jehan's unnamed, crooked landlord demands that he pay more rent money or face eviction. Patrasche helps Nello pull his small milk cart into town each morning.
Nello falls in love with Aloise, the daughter of Baas Cogez, a well-off man in the village, but Baas objects, as he doesn't want his daughter to have a poor sweetheart. Although Nello is illiterate, he is very talented in drawing. He enters a junior drawing contest in Antwerp, hoping to win the first prize of 200 francs per year; however, the jury selects a different winner.
Sometime later, a fire breaks out on Baas's property. The landlord lies and says Nello was responsible for the fire to escape responsibly for neglecting the property; Baas then tells Nello that he is never to see Aloise again. Later, Jehan dies, and the landlord promptly evicts Nello and Patrasche. With no home, they are forced to wander the streets.
Distraught and miserable, Nello decides that he wants to go to the cathedral of Antwerp, to see Rubens' The Elevation of the Cross and The Descent from the Cross — but the exhibition in the cathedral is only for paying customers, and he has no money left. On the night of Christmas Eve, Nello and Patrasche find that the door to the church has been left unlocked. They go inside, and the next morning are found dead of hypothermia in front of the triptych.
Popularity
The novel shares a reasonable notability in both the United Kingdom and the United States and is extremely popular in Ukraine, Russia, Japan, Korea and the Philippines to the point where it is seen as a children's classic. It inspired film and anime adaptations, including the 1975 animated TV series Dog of Flanders which reached an audience of 30 million viewers on its first broadcast.
In Belgium, the story is more obscure. Only in 1987 did it receive a Dutch translation; this happened after the tale was adapted into a story of the popular comic book series Suske en Wiske. Since then, monuments were raised to commemorate Nello and Patrasche to please tourists. In 2007, Didier Volckaert and An van Dienderen directed a documentary about the international popularity of the story: "Patrasche, A Dog of Flanders - Made in Japan". It researches all available film adaptations of the story and interviews several British, American and Japanese people about what attracts them to this novel.
Film, TV and theatrical adaptations
The novel has been adapted for cinema and television in live-action and animation. Many of the film versions, excluding the 1997 Japanese movie and Snow Prince (2009), replace the original ending with a more optimistic one.
A Dog of Flanders (1914), a short film directed by Howell Hansel
A Boy of Flanders (1924), directed by Victor Schertzinger and starring Jackie Coogan as Nello
A Dog of Flanders (1935), directed by Edward Sloman
A Dog of Flanders (1960), directed by James B. Clark and starring David Ladd as Nello.
Dog of Flanders (1975), a Japanese animation TV series produced by Nippon Animation
My Patrasche (1992), a Japanese animation TV series produced by Tokyo Movie Shinsha
The Dog of Flanders (Japan, 1997), a remake of the 1975 TV series directed by Yoshio Kuroda. In this version, Aloise reflects on the life of Nello while working as a nun and the landlord is named Hans.
A Dog of Flanders (1999), directed by Kevin Brodie. In this version, the landlord is named Stevens and the ending reveals that the character Michel La Grande is Nello's long-lost father.
Barking Dogs Never Bite (2000), a South Korean satirical version directed by Bong Joon-ho
Snow Prince (Japan, 2009), directed by Joji Matsuoka. At the end of this film, the boy and the dog are found frozen to death under a tree.
A Dog of Flanders, 2011, Minoto Studios
For its authentic 19th century buildings, the Open Air Museum of Bokrijk, Flanders was used as scenery for the 1975 and 1992 anime and the 1999 film.
In one of the film versions (1959), Nello and his dog go to the village church, where the pastor covers them with a woolen blanket, thus saving their lives. Two days later, one of the judges comes. Because he thought Nello was the true winner, he asks him to stay with him. As years pass, Patrasche dies and Nello becomes a famous artist.
Documentary film
Patrasche, a Dog of Flanders – Made in Japan (2007), a documentary film directed by Didier Volckaert and An van Dienderen.
Comic book version
The story was used as a plot device in the Suske en Wiske comic book series, namely the album Het Dreigende Dinges (The Threatening Thing) (1985). The album was translated into Japanese.
Monument
There are three monuments built to commemorate the story. The first one was built in 1985 and can be seen in the Kapelstraat in Hoboken, Antwerp. Up until the end of 2016 a fictional grave stone stood near the Antwerp Cathedral. It had text in English and Japanese that read: "Nello, and his dog Patrasche, main characters from the story "A Dog of Flanders", symbols of true and sternful friendship, loyalty and devotion."
On 10 December 2016, a new monument was revealed on the Handschoenmarkt square in front of the Antwerp Cathedral. A sculpture in white marble represents Nello and Patrasche sleeping, covered by a blanket of cobble stones. The sculpture is made by Belgian artist Batist Vermeulen (Tist).
Location
In 1985 an employee of Antwerp tourism, Jan Corteel, wanted to promote "A Dog of Flanders". He presumed the village of the story to be Hoboken, even though this is never mentioned in the story itself. Ouida is believed to have visited Antwerp for four hours, and spoke of having seen a village near a canal, not far from a windmill. This vague explanation was used to claim the story took place in Hoboken, but other people contest this.
Additional information
Similar stories:
The Little Match Girl (1845)
Black Beauty (1877)
Hachi: A Dog's Tale (2009)
Ciccio, from Italy
References
Further reading
External links
Project Gutenberg eBook
1872 British novels
Novels by Ouida
Works published under a pseudonym
English adventure novels
Novels about orphans
Children's novels about animals
Novels about dogs
Novels set in Belgium
Antwerp in fiction
British children's books
Chapman & Hall books
British novels adapted into films
British novels adapted into television shows
Novels adapted into comics
Japanese culture
British children's novels
British adventure novels
Fictional dogs
Fictional Belgian people
The "Biberacher Schützenfest" is a Volksfest and the traditional children and home town festival in Biberach an der Riß. It is held annually in July and was mentioned for the first time in an official protocol in 1668. Throughout a duration of 9 days, various large venues are held, mostly with historical background, but as well with modern music and dance. Furtherthermore, there is a strong focus on entertainment for and involvement of children and pupils. At the fair, visitors can enjoy various rides, (local) food stalls, a beer tent and various historical beergardens ("Bierkeller") with live music.
Before, during and a short time after the festival, children and teenagers perform the "Schützentheater" with yearly changing, e.g. fary tales from the Brothers Grimm.
The upcoming date for the "Biberacher Schützenfest" is 17.-26. July 2020.
History
Origin and naming
Despite the equality in naming, there is no relation between the Biberacher Schützenfest and festivals with the same name in western and northern Germany. The exact origin of the tradition and the naming is unknown. It is assumed that the original event was celebrated as a school festival as well as a memorial day for the plague and the black death. The name is most likely derived from the venue, the so called "Schützendberg" (rifleman hill, the name of the outer/lower part of the Gigelber hill.
Highlights
The festival week is covered by various events held throughout the city, mostly in and around the city center.
Opening Ceremony
During the opening ceremony, the so called "Abnahme", the marching bands from local schools as well as affiliated bands (mostly led and played by pupils) demonstrate their skills in front of a broad audience (including officials) in Biberach's marketplace. The ceremony ends by officially opening the Schützenfest by everyone (participants as well as officials and visitors) sing together the unofficial local anthem "All is joy around me".
Parades
Various parades are conducted throughout the festival week, such as a parade for age groups celebrating milestone birthdays in the same year, a parade dedicated to pupils and two historical parades which demonstrate and narrate the history of the city.
The historical groups in the parades are accompanied with large music groups and marching bands, from local villages around the city as well as from local schools. Many groups include animals in their themes such as horses (up to 200), ponies, goats, cows and wild birds.
Camp Life
At the end of the historical parades, some groups team up to demonstrate ancient camp life at the Gigelberg hill where they cook on campfires, feed their horses and perform dances along with live music.
Dance through the centuries
In three evenings throughout the festival week, various dancing groups perform the "dance throughout the centuries" in Biberach's marketplace. In the dancing event with live music, the groups guid the audience though different eras in dancing, covering farmer's dances, renaissance dance and dances from the rococo era but also modern dances like charleston, rock'n'roll and break dance.
Fairground
The fairground on the Gigelberg hill offers various rides for children and adults as well as booths with games and a broad variation of (local) food.
Fireworks
On Friday towards the end of the festival week, people can watch the big fireworks (shot from the Gigelberg hill into Biberachs' sky) from the hill itself, from the city center or from various elevated places around the city.
Schützentheater
The Schützentheater is a theater played by children and teenagers shortly before, during and some days after the festival week.
Literature
Various publications cover the history of the "Biberacher Schützenfest" and the "Schützentheater", published by Fritz Kolesch, Achim Zepp and Christa Graupner (amongst others).
External links
Official website of the Biberacher Schützenfest: http://www.biberacher-schuetzenfest.com/
Professional shooting of the parade in 2012
References
Events in Baden-Württemberg
Culture of Baden-Württemberg
Nelson Azeem is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan on a seat reserved for minorities as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
Family
He is married Phyllis Azeem.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1994–95 LEN European Cup was the 32nd edition of LEN's premier competition for men's water polo clubs.
Quarter-finals
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Finals
See also
1994–95 LEN Cup Winners' Cup
1994–95 LEN Cup
References
LEN Champions League seasons
1994 in water polo
1995 in water polo
Dipla Se Sena (close to you) is the first greatest hits album by popular Greek artist Natassa Theodoridou. It was released in December 2008 by Sony BMG Greece. The three disc album includes three new songs composed by Giorgos Theofanous that showed in her album Mia Kokkini Grammi, 37 hit singles and a DVD containing 20 music videos.
Track listing
Disc 1
"Dipla Se Sena" (close to you)
"Apantise Mou" (Answer me)
"Oneiro" (dream)
"Den S'adiko"
"Enteka Para"
"Mia Glikeia Melodia"
"Axaristi Kardia"
"De Se Noiazei Gia Mas"
"Fengari"
"Dihos Logo Kai Aformi"
"Ti Ftaio"
"Sou Vazo Diskola"
"Na Grapseis Lathos (Hielo y fuego)"
"An Iparhi Paradeisos"
"Den Thelo Tetoious Filous" (ft Paschalis Terzis)
"Tis Diskoles Stigmes"
"Na M'agapas"
"Na 'soun Thalassa" (ft Sarbel)
"Telika Den Aksizeis"
"Ela Pou Fovame"
Disc 2
"Den Epitrepete"
"Min Giriseis Ksana (Amulet)" (ft Triantafillos)
"Epitelous" (ft Katy Garbi)
"Ena Spiti Kaigetai (Krima)"
"Pou Perpatas (Tellement N' Brick)"
"Den Ksero Poso S'agapo"
"De Se kseperasa" (ft Yiannis Parios)
"Eho Mia Agkalia"
"Paranomi Agapi" (ft Christos Pazis)
"Skoupidiariko"
"Katazitite (Ojos asi)"
"Kalinikta S'agapo"
"Den Thelo Tipota"
"Opou Kai Na Sai"
"Sygnomi Ftaio"
"Kane Ena Taxidi Mesa Sta Matia Sou"
"Girna"
"Tha Orkisto Se O,ti Eho Iero" (ft Bo)
"Ksimeronomai"
"Pali"
DVD
"Fengari"
"Pali"
"Den S'adiko"
"Katazititai (Ojos asi)"
"Aharisti Kardia"
"Mia Glikeia Melodia"
"Sou Vazo Diskola"
"Pou Perpatas"
"Na Grapseis Lathos (Hielo y fuego)"
"Eho Mia Agkalia"
"Ah!"
"Ena Spiti Kaigetai (Krima)"
"Tis Diskoles Stigmes"
"Den Thelo Tipota"
"Opou Kai Na Sai"
"Diplo Paignidi"
"Ipokrisia"
"Den Ksero Poso S'agapo"
"Ksimeronomai"
"Ela Pou Fovamai - Kamia Fora"
Single
"Dipla Se Sena"
"Dipla Se Sena" is the first single and title track of the album. The song gained strong airplay and made it into the Nielsen Greece Top 20 Chart. The music video is directed by Manolis Tsirakis.
Chart performance
The album debuted on the Greek Albums Chart at number two and has charted for a total of 15 weeks as of the week 11/2009 charts. It also peaked on the Cypriot Albums Chart at number six.
References
Natasa Theodoridou albums
2008 greatest hits albums
Music video compilation albums
2008 video albums
Sony Music Greece video albums
Sony Music Greece compilation albums
Juan Francisco Ruiz de Gaona y Portocarrero (Almagro, 13 February 1696 - Madrid, 4 February 1760), second Count of Valdeparaíso (Conde de Valdeparaíso) was a Spanish politician of the 18th century.
His father was Juan de Gaona y Abad, who was named Count of Valdeparaíso in 1705.
A knight of the Order of Calatrava, he married in 1734 with María Arias de Porres, Marquesa of Añavate.
He served as Minister of the Exchequer under Ferdinand VI of Spain, and under his patronage, the city of Almagro, Ciudad Real became capital of the intendencia (province) of La Mancha from 1750 to 1761. He also built a palace in this city.
Counts of Spain
Economy and finance ministers of Spain
Government ministers of Spain
Knights of Calatrava
1696 births
1760 deaths
Mengyuan railway station may refer to:
Mengyuan railway station (Shaanxi), in Shaanxi, China
Mengyuan railway station (Yunnan), a station on Yuxi-Mohan railway in Yunnan, China.
Thomas Curtis may refer to:
Thomas Curtis (athlete) (1870–1944), American athlete and Olympic gold medalist
Sir Thomas Curtis (lord mayor) (died 1559), Lord Mayor of London
Thomas B. Curtis (1911–1993), U.S. Representative from Missouri
Thomas Curtis (actor) (born 1991), American actor
See also
Tom Curtis (disambiguation)
Tommy Curtis (1952–2021), American college basketball player
Thomas Curteys, MP for Lostwithiel
Thomas Quinn Curtiss (1915–2000), American writer
Pieter Eijssen (Schimmert, 15 February 1906 – The Hague, 30 June 1988) was a Dutch lawyer and, among other things, Vice President of the Supreme Court of the Netherlands.
In 1924 he completed his education at the municipal gymnasium in Maastricht. He studied at the University of Nijmegen, where he obtained his doctorate in Dutch law cum laude on 30 May 1930. After entering military service at the age of 16 he successfully completed his master's degree in private law at the Faculty of Law in Batavia in 1931. From 1930 he worked in the Dutch East Indies. He held many positions including editor at the Department of Justice, secretary of the commission for constitutional reforms (from 1940), secretary of the Council of Heads of Department at the Department of Economic Affairs and the General Staff of the Department of War (1936–1940), secretary of the (private) Mortgage Association for mortgage companies, secretary of the Volksraad voting office, vice-chairman of the Indies Catholic Party and member of the Insurance Chamber (1946). Furthermore, in 1936, the Government expressed its special satisfaction to him for the commendable performance of his duties as Secretary of the Preparatory Commission for the Sugar Regulations.
He was Advocate general at the Supreme Court of the Netherlands from 1960 until 1961. In this capacity, among other things, he argued against the use of preliminary references. Eijsen was Councilor in the Supreme Court of the Netherlands from 1961 to 1973 and Vice President of the Supreme Court from 1973 to 1976.
Sources
P.J. van Koppen & J. ten Kate, De Hoge Raad in persoon. Benoemingen in de Hoge Raad der Nederlanden 1838-2002, Deventer: Kluwer 2003, p. 147.
References
1906 births
1988 deaths
20th-century Dutch judges
People from Schimmert
Radboud University Nijmegen alumni
Vice Presidents of the Supreme Court of the Netherlands
Marian Winters (April 19, 1920 – November 3, 1978) was an American dramatist and actress of stage, film, and television.
Biography
Marian Winters was born Marian Weinstein, the eldest of four sisters born to Morris and Sophie Weinstein. Her three sisters, Shirley Zeisel (died 2010), Elaine Singer (died 2014), and Annette Laster (died 2019), long outlived her. She was raised in New York City. She made her debut in summer stock in her teens. She began her career on Broadway understudying Frances Dee in The Secret Room (1945). She also played Lady Constance in King John, and toured in such plays as Detective Story, The Heiress and Dream Girl.
Winters achieved fame for her role in I Am a Camera as Natalia Landauer. For this performance she was awarded various acting honors including the 1952 Tony Award as a Best Supporting or Featured Actress. In 1955, she played Gelda in the American production of The Dark is Light Enough, a verse drama by Christopher Fry, which starred Katharine Cornell and Tyrone Power. Her last role was in Deathtrap.
Writing
In 1967, Winters won an Emmy for her television adaptation of Animal Keepers, one of the three one-act plays comprising A is for All.
Death
Her tenure in Deathtrap was cut short due to cancer, which claimed her life on November 3, 1978. She was succeeded in her role (Helga Ten Dorp) by Elizabeth Parrish. The role was played by Irene Worth in the film version.
Personal life
Winters was married to NBC executive Jerome H. "Jay" Smolin (November 29, 1919 – October 21, 2010) from circa 1946/1947 until her death in 1978. The couple had no children.
Stage productions
The Dark Is Light Enough as Gelda (February 23, 1955 to April 23, 1955)
Auntie Mame as Sally Cato MacDougal (October 31, 1956 to June 28, 1958)
Tall Story as Myra Solomon (January 29, 1959 to May 22, 1959)
The 49th Cousin as Tracy Lowe (October 27, 1960 to January 21, 1961)
Nobody Loves an Albatross as Marge Weber (December 19, 1963 to June 20, 1964)
Mating Dance (November 3, 1965 to November 3, 1965)
Deathtrap as Helga ten Dorp (February 26, 1978 until October 1978)
Television
Lux Video Theatre (1952)
Play of the Week (1960)
The Defenders (1962)
The Nurses (1963)
Paradise Lost (1974)
References
External links
Infosite, abaa.org; accessed May 20, 2015.
1920 births
1978 deaths
20th-century American actresses
Actresses from New York City
American film actresses
American stage actresses
American television actresses
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
Jewish American actresses
Place of death missing
Donaldson Award winners
Tony Award winners
Writers from New York City
20th-century American Jews
Roads named Albion Road include:
Britain
Albion Road, a Road in London
Canada
Greater Toronto Area
Albion Road (Toronto)
Ontario Highway 50
Elsewhere
Albion Road (Ottawa)
Roads in Toronto
Roads in Ottawa
Roads in London
Giles Ian Henderson, CBE (born 20 April 1942) is a solicitor who was Master of Pembroke College, Oxford.
Early life and education
Giles Henderson was educated at Michaelhouse, a boarding independent school in Balgowan in Natal in South Africa, followed by the University of the Witwatersrand, from which he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree, and then Magdalen College at the University of Oxford, where he was a Senior Mackinnon Scholar and graduated as Master of Arts and Bachelor of Civil Law. He received a Fulbright Award and spent a year teaching at the Faculty of Law at University of California, Berkeley in 1966-67.
Career
Henderson joined the leading London law firm of Slaughter and May in 1968 and was admitted as a solicitor in 1970. He became a partner in 1975 and was elected as the Senior Partner for two successive terms of office: 1993-2001. He was one of HM Government's main advisers on the process of privatisation (1983-1991). He was also a member of the Hampel Committee on Corporate Governance. He was appointed a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (CBE) by HM The Queen in 1992.
In 2001 he became Master of Pembroke College, Oxford, holding the office until 2013. Between 2007 and 2009 he also held the elected office of Chair of the Conference of Colleges in Oxford and was for six years a member of the Council of the University. He was also Chairman of the Nuffield Medical Trust.
Among his other previous appointments, Henderson was Chairman of the UK-China Forum law group, a non-executive director of Land Securities plc and Standard Life Assurance and a member of the Financial Reporting Council.
In 2019 he was elected as the Chairman of the Council at Marlborough College.
References
External links
Jeremy Sutton's portrait of Giles Henderson
Debrett's People of Today (12th edn, London: Debrett's Peerage, 1999), p. 895
Living people
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
UC Berkeley School of Law faculty
Masters of Pembroke College, Oxford
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
1942 births
English solicitors
Alumni of Michaelhouse
University of the Witwatersrand alumni
Reena Kumari () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (F) on a seat reserved for women from Sindh in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Johan Eriksson (born May 28, 1993) is a Swedish ice hockey player currently signed to UK Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL) side Guildford Flames. He made his Elitserien debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2012–13 Elitserien season.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Swedish ice hockey forwards
Almtuna IS players
Brynäs IF players
Guildford Flames players
Modo Hockey players
Tierps HK players
Tingsryds AIF players
References
Automotive industry in the United States
Witman is a hamlet in the Dutch province of Overijssel. It is located in the municipality of Hardenberg, about 2 km west of the town of Slagharen.
Witman is not a statistical entity, and the postal authorities have placed it under Slagharen. It was first mentioned between 1830 and 1855 as De Witman, and means "widower". It consists of about 20 houses.
References
Populated places in Overijssel
Hardenberg
Hernando is the fifth studio album by American band North Mississippi Allstars. It was released on January 22, 2008 through Songs of the South Records. Recording sessions took place at Zebra Ranch Studio in Coldwater, Mississippi. Production was handled by Jim Dickinson. It features contributions from Jimbo Mathus, Jimmy Davis, East Memphis Slim, Kurt "KC" Clayton and Amy LaVere. The band briefly toured the album across America in 2008.
The album peaked at number 142 on the US Billboard 200, number one on the Top Blues Albums chart, number 19 on the Independent Albums, number three on the Heatseekers Albums and number 12 on the Tastemakers.
Track listing
Personnel
Cody Dickinson – drums, electric washboard (track 4), guitar (track 6), vocals
Luther Dickinson – guitar, vocals
Chris Crew – bass, vocals
James "Jimbo Mathus" Mathis Jr. – vocals (tracks: 1, 7, 8)
Jimmy Davis – vocals (track 7)
Jim "East Memphis Slim" Dickinson – piano (tracks: 5, 7, 11), producer
Kurt "KC" Clayton – piano (track 6)
Amy LaVere – upright bass (track 7)
Kevin Houston – recording, mixing
Brad Blackwood – mastering
Charts
References
External links
2008 albums
Albums produced by Jim Dickinson
North Mississippi Allstars albums
A poll average is the result of someone taking the combined information from many different opinion polls that deal with the same issue and synthesizing the information into a new set of numbers.
The problem with this is that each poll is usually conducted in a slightly different manner, which technically cannot be combined into one poll. Polls in themselves contain uncertainty because they are only using a sample of the population. The uncertainty is measurable, which we usually call the margin of error. An inaccurate way to conduct a poll average is to treat each poll as though they were exactly the same in uncertainty. The reason for this is that this type of poll average gives less weight to the polls that have less uncertainty.
However, if you account for the variation in polls due to each poll's unique sample size, you can combine the polls into a poll average. This means the only assumption you are making is that each poll was conducted in a similar manner. You can also measure the uncertainty of this poll average.
References
External links
2008 Presidential Election poll average
Polling
Charles Elwood Brown (July 4, 1834 – May 22, 1904) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Cincinnati, Ohio, Brown attended the common schools and Greenfield Academy, He was graduated from Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, in 1854.
He went south and, while serving as tutor at Baton Rouge, Louisiana, studied law.
He was admitted to the bar in 1859 and commenced practice in Chillicothe, Ohio.
He served as prosecuting attorney of Ross County in 1859 and 1860.
In the first year of the American Civil War, Brown enlisted as a private in Company B, Sixty-third Regiment, Ohio Volunteers, September 2, 1861. He was promptly commissioned as a captain on October 23, 1861.
Brown lost his left leg on July 22, 1864 in the Atlanta Campaign.
He was promoted through the ranks to colonel June 6, 1865.
Brown was mustered out of the volunteers on July 8, 1865. In recognition of Brown's service and sacrifice in the Atlanta Campaign, on January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated him for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general to rank from March 13, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the appointment on March 12, 1866.
After the Civil War, Brown resumed the practice of law in Chillicothe, Ohio.
He served as postmaster of Chillicothe, 1866–1872.
He was commissioned pension agent at Cincinnati in 1872, and held this position until President Hayes' administration began in 1877.
Brown was elected as a Republican to the Forty-ninth and Fiftieth U.S. Congresses (March 4, 1885 – March 3, 1889).
He was not a candidate for renomination in 1888 and resumed the practice of law.
He served as member of the State senate in 1900 and 1901.
Charles Elwood Brown died at College Hill, Ohio, on May 22, 1904.
He was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery, Cincinnati, Ohio.
References
Further reading
1834 births
1904 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Politicians from Cincinnati
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Miami University alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
Union Army generals
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Ohio state senators
Politicians from Chillicothe, Ohio
Ohio Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
American amputees
Ohio postmasters
19th-century American politicians
Knowle Hospital, was a psychiatric hospital in the village of Knowle near the town of Fareham in Hampshire, southern England, which opened in 1852 and closed in 1996.
History
A committee of nine JPs were appointed at the Easter Quarter Sessions in 1846 to superintend the erecting or providing of a lunatic asylum for Hampshire. They selected Knowle Farm as the most suitable available site, comprising 108 acres (0.43706 km2). The asylum was designed by James Harris and the new building, known as the Hampshire County Lunatic Asylum, opened in December 1852.
For about a year, in 1857/58, one of the gardeners at Knowle, Henry Coe, corresponded with Charles Darwin on horticultural matters, especially the cultivation of kidney beans. As a result of this correspondence, Darwin became involved in a minor dispute about the legality of a patient's detention at Knowle. Following his recovery and discharge, the patient wrote to Darwin, thanking him for taking a personal interest. A chapel was built on the site in 1875.
The asylum was renamed Knowle Mental Hospital in 1923 and then became Knowle Hospital in 1948.
In the late 1960s, Dr Ronald A. Sandison, a psychiatrist and psychotherapist who pioneered the clinical use of LSD in psychiatry, worked at Knowle Hospital.
During the 1970s, plans were drawn up to close the large county mental asylums and in 1979 mental health services for Southampton and south-west Hampshire were moved to a newly established Department of Psychiatry at Royal South Hants Hospital in Southampton.
Part of the hospital site was home to the Hampshire Ambulance Service Knowle Training School in the 1980s. Knowle Hospital closed in 1996 and the site was subsequently redeveloped for residential use as Knowle Village.
Transport
Knowle Halt, a small railway station on the Eastleigh–Fareham line, served the asylum from 1907. The station (which also served the village of Funtley) was closed in 1964. Trains from the Meon Valley Railway, a cross-country railway in Hampshire, also served Knowle Halt.
See also
List of hospitals in England
References
Further reading
Burt, Susan (2004), Fit Objects for an Asylum: the Hampshire County Lunatic Asylum and its patients, 1852-1899 (Ph.D. thesis). Southampton: University of Southampton.
External links
National Archives: Knowle Hospital Records
Fareham Borough Council - Knowle Village information
Wickham Parish Council page on Knowle Village
Wickham Parish Council page on Knowle Cemetery
Photographs from Knowle Cemetery
Hampshire Records Office, Winchester
Above All a Patient Should Never be Terrified; An Examination of Mental Health Care and Treatment in Hampshire 1845-1914. PhD Thesis by Diane Teresa Carpenter; University of Portsmouth 2010
Former psychiatric hospitals in England
Hospitals in Hampshire
Defunct hospitals in England
History of Hampshire
Hospital buildings completed in 1852
Hospitals established in 1852
1852 establishments in England
Buildings and structures in Hampshire
Hospitals disestablished in 1996
1996 disestablishments in England
Eric Stoddard (born 24 June 1975), is an automobile and industrial designer who has worked for DaimlerChrysler and Hyundai Kia Automotive Group.
Background
Stoddard was raised in Rochester, New York and is the son of a violinist for the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra.
Early career
After graduating from the Cleveland Institute of Art in Cleveland, Ohio with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Industrial Design, Eric worked as a designer at DaimlerChrysler from 1998 to 2002.
In 2002 he was recruited to work for Hyundai Motor Company in Irvine, California. In 2008, Eric joined Hyundai in Korea.
DaimlerChrysler
While at the Chrysler Headquarters and Technology Center in Auburn Hills, Michigan, Eric worked under Don Renkert to design the Chrysler Crossfire Concept released at the North American International Auto Show in 2001. Eric went on to become the lead exterior designer of the production model of the Chrysler Crossfire under Andrew Dyson.
Eric was also the lead exterior designer on the Dodge SRT-4 as well as a contributing designer to the Chrysler Pacifica, 2003 Dodge Viper and Chrysler Sebring.
Hyundai
In 2002, Eric was recruited as a senior designer to Hyundai Kia Automotive Group in Irvine, California. At Hyundai, under Design Chief Joel Piaskowski, Eric leads the exterior design of the Hyundai Genesis Coupe Concept unveiled at the 2007 LA Auto Show, the Production 2010 Hyundai Genesis Coupe, the HCD-9 Talus Concept, the 2007 Hyundai Elantra and KCD-1 Slice Concept.
Awards
Eric Stoddard is the recipient of a Red Dot Design Award in 2009 for a bicycle design concept called the Zoomla and was a finalist for the 2010 Taipei Cycle Show for his bicycle entry the AutoVelo.
References
American automobile designers
Chrysler designers
People in the automobile industry
Hyundai Motor Group
DaimlerChrysler
Living people
1975 births
College of Technology, Pantnagar also known as COT, Pantnagar or COT, is a college located in Pantnagar, in the state of Uttarakhand, India. It was established under the then Uttar Pradesh Agricultural University and now called Govind Ballabh Pant University of Agriculture & Technology. The College of Technology was established in this university in 1962.
It has eleven departments that offer eight Bachelors of Technology (B. Tech.) degree programmes. The college also offers 24 postgraduate programs including a self-financed MCA program.
The College is an institute in the world bank project for Technical Education Quality Improvement Program (TEQIP) and is also the Regional Academy Centre of CISCO. The institute also holds ISO 9001:2000 certification.
The college receives financial aid from various sources including All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), University Grants Commission (UGC), Department of Science and Technology (DST), Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) and the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) in addition to aid from the Department of Higher Education, Government of Uttarakhand.
Mission
The mission of College of Technology are as follows:
1. Produce engineers with the strong education foundation and the adaptive skills to serve rapidly evolving technological industries.
2. Conduct nationally recognized technical research focused at providing a technological edge to India, in general, and Uttarakhand in particular
3. Develop appropriate technologies for the upliftment for rural areas of Uttarakhand
4. Provide a diverse curriculum that will instill in the students the imagination, talent, creativity and skills necessary for rapidly changing requirements for modern life and to enable them to serve in a wide variety of other fields that require leadership, teamwork, decision making and problem-solving abilities.
Administration and organization
In the Indian higher education system, Pantnagar is classified as a State Agricultural University (SAU). The university is in the jurisdiction of the state government. The Governor of the state is ex-officio Chancellor of the university and (s)he appoints a Vice-chancellor (VC), who functions as a full-time Chief executive of the university. The VC chairs a 13-membered Board of Management, which is the highest executive body of the university and oversees primarily financial and administrative matters and ratifies recommendations of other councils of the university. The other councils are the Academic council, the Research council and the Extension education council. Governor of Uttarakhand Dr. Krishan Kant Paul is present Chancellor and Dr. J. Kumar is VC of the university.
Recently, a central government committee — The Committee to Advise on Renovation and Rejuvenation of Higher Education (Yashpal Committee, 2009) — has recommended converting agricultural universities into general universities encompassing all branches of studies.
Academics
Each academic year comprises two semesters having a total of 200-210 instructional days. COT follows the credit-based system of performance evaluation, with proportional weighting of courses based on their importance. Completion of a degree program requires successful study of courses as approved by the Academic Council for a program. The university has a 10-point scale evaluation system. Each student is evaluation in each course throughout the semester. Each semester's evaluation is done independently with a cumulative grade point average (CGPA) reflecting the average performance across semesters. The medium of instruction is English.
Undergraduate education
The College of Technology has various departments that offer eight B. Tech. Degree Programs in Agricultural Engineering, Civil Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering, Information Technology, Mechanical Engineering and Industrial and Production Engineering. The B.Tech. Degree Program is the program with the most students enrolled in it in the college.
Postgraduate and doctoral education
COT Pantnagar offers 24 postgraduate programmes, including Master of Technology (M.Tech.) and Master of Computer Applications (M.C.A.). The admission to M.Tech. program is made through GATE (Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering) exam conducted by IITs and IISc, Bangalore. The institute offers the Doctor of Philosophy degree (Ph.D.) as part of its doctoral education programme in several disciplines. The doctoral scholars are given a topic of academic interest by the professor, or sometimes work on the consultancy projects sponsored by industries. The duration of the programme is usually unspecified. Ph.D. scholars submit a dissertation and conduct an oral defence of their thesis.
The departments of COT Pantnagar are as follows:
Department of Civil Engineering
Department of Computer Engineering
Department of Electrical Engineering
Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering
Department of Farm Machinery and Power Engineering
Department of Information Technology
Department of Irrigation and Drainage Engineering
Department of Mechanical Engineering
Department of Post Harvest Process and Food Engineering
Department of Industrial and Production Engineering
Department of Soil and Water Conservation Engineering
Centre of Excellence
Under Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme (TEQIP), Department of Higher Education has designated the institute as a Centre of Excellence for Energy Studies in Industries and Agro Systems of Uttarakhand (Energy Management).
Campus
College of Technology has a campus area in G.B. Pant University of Agriculture and Technology University.
The university campus is located at a distance of 250 km from Delhi in Udham Singh Nagar district of Uttarakhand. The nearby towns are Rudrapur (16 km), Haldwani (25 km) and Nainital (65 km). Two National Highways- NH 87 and Bareilly- Nainital highway- are near the campus. Pantnagar Airport, operated by Airports Authority of India is located in the campus, 2.5 km west of main administrative building. Two railway stations of North Eastern Railways- Pantnagar (IR Code PBW) and Haldi Road (IR Code HLDD) are located in the campus 4 km (east) and 3 km (west) respectively of administrative building. The university shuttle service, local rickshaws, auto-rickshaws and matador vans connect various parts of the campus. Pantnagar is a purely residential university and comprises an independent township in itself. The population of Pantnagar, prior to establishment of the industrial estate was 35,820 at the Census of 2001. Pantnagar is a part of Pantnagar- Gadarpur assembly constituency. The 'Concentric semicircles' or the 'rising sun' plan of the campus-centre was developed by the Department of Architecture of Illinois University.
Student life
COT Pantnagar provides on-campus residential facilities to its students, research scholars, faculty members and staff. The students live in hostels (referred to as bhavans) throughout their stay in the COT.
Student organizations
Most of the student's activities are organized through college-level professional societies, like the SAEINDIA COT COLLEGIATE CLUB PANTNAGAR, tech-fairs and various competitions year round. The festivals include LITROSPHERE, the Annual Science and Literary Fest, ACCOLADE, the annual cultural and fine arts fest and COLOSSEUM, the annual tech fest. Apart from these, there are branch chapters for all the departments like Interface, Mech Chap, Sprinkler and Genesis.
The institute has a college editorial board, popularly known as the Ed-Board, which looks after the various student publications of the institute. The College Website Team maintains the college website, and other relevant activities.
The college also has the COT Chapter for the Indian Society of Technical Education (ISTE), the Imagindia Chapter, SAEINDIA Collegiate Club and the College Robotics Club. The college actively participates in various International and National Robotics Competition along with BAJA, Supra and Effi-cycle contests organized by SAEINDIA.
There are other university-level societies like Vivekanand Swadhyaya Mandal and Sanskritic Chetna Parishad which works for social causes. CHETNA student wing works to benefit poor children on the campus.
The Pantnagar Chapter of SPIC MACAY regularly organizes Indian classical music and dance concerts.
Alumni network
Pantnagar Technology Alumni Association (P.T.A.A.)
Pantnagar Technology Alumni Association (P.T.A.A.) is a registered society established in 2005 by the initiatives of the Ex Vice-Chancellor Dr. P.L. Gautam, Ex-dean and Late Dr. K. N. Shukla and the alumni of College of Technology. As of 2012 the association has successfully registered around 1,000 members.
Notable alumni
Vineet Nayar
Baba Sehgal
Shantanu Gupta
See also
G. B. Pant University of Agriculture and Technology
Pantnagar
References
External links
College of Technology, Pantnagar
G.B. Pant University of Agriculture and Technology, Pantnagar
Engineering colleges in Uttarakhand
Education in Udham Singh Nagar district
Pantnagar
1962 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 1962
Djamaa el Kebir (), also known as the Great Mosque of Algiers (), is a historic mosque in Algiers, Algeria. It is located within the Casbah (old city), near the city's harbor. Dating to 1097, it is one of the few remaining examples of Almoravid architecture, although it has undergone other additions and reconstructions since its foundation. It is the oldest mosque in Algiers and is said to be one of the oldest mosque in Algeria after Sidi Okba Mosque and .
History
An inscription on the mosque's minbar (pulpit) records the date of 1 Rajab, 490 AH, testifying to fact that the mosque was built in or around 1097 CE, during the reign of Yusuf ibn Tashfin. On inscription on the base of the minaret indicates that it was built in 1322 CE (17 Dhu al-Qadah, 722 AH) by the Zayyanid sultan Abu Tashfin I of Tlemcen.
The mosque was severely damaged during the French bombardment of Algiers in 1682 and again in 1683, resulting in the subsequent reconstruction of its mihrab and its qibla (southern) wall.The gallery at the outside of the mosque was built in 1837 during French colonial rule. Its construction was a consequence of a complete reconstruction of the street by the French.
Geography
The Great Mosque is located in the northeastern part of the city in the historic Casbah (or Kasbah) district near the harbor, next to the Chamber of Commerce. Earlier, the mosque was located on the Rue de la Marine in Algiers during French colonial rule of Algeria, which was then the entrance street to Algiers Harbor. Rue de la Marine no longer exists and has been surpassed by the Rue d' Angkor and Boulevard de Ernesto Guevara and in the mosque area by a fork road called Rue Saadi et Mokhtar Ben Hafidh which it now lies on.
Architectural features
The mosque has a rectangular floor plan 46 meters wide and 38 meters deep. Materials used in constructing the mosque were stone, brick, roofing tiles and wood, and ornamentation of ceramics and wood was applied.
Interior
The prayer hall is subdivided into eleven aisles running perpendicular to the southern qibla wall, divided by rows of horseshoe arches supported by whitewashed masonry pillars. The central aisle is wider than the others, hinting at the T-plan layout which would become standard in subsequent mosque architecture in Maghreb. A rectangular courtyard measuring about 11 by 21 meters is located in the northern part of the mosque, surrounded by arcades.
The mihrab, which was originally built as an integral part of the mosque in 1097, was destroyed by the 17th-century French bombardment. The reconstructed mihrab is a typical design followed in 18th-century Algiers in the form of indented lobed arches at the end of the central and much wider nave. It is a simple fresco façade with two small spiral columns flanking it on either side with an ogive stucco arch seen in relief. The mihrab is set in a niche with a flat floor. Adjoining the mihrab on either side there are two door openings which lead to small oblong rooms, one of which housed the minbar which used to be shifted on rails to the prayer hall for the Imam to say the daily prayers and give sermons. While the rails that were used to shift the minbar are still embedded in the floor, the minbar itself is now preserved in the National Museum of Antiquities and Islamic Arts in Algiers.
Exterior
Following the realignment of the main street of Rue de la Marine, substantial changes in the façade became an essential additional feature. As a result, a gallery or portico of columns was added at the entrance to the mosque was built in 1837 under French colonial rule in an orientalizing style of polylobed arches. It reuses Italian marble columns from the 18th-century al-Sa'ida Mosque.
According to French scholar Georges Marçais, the minaret, which was first added in the early 14th century, was rebuilt or remodelled again in a later period. This minaret's surface is indented with rectangular niches decorated by polylobed blind arches, as well as with panels and bands of blue and white ceramic tiles. In another part of the mosque, in the north-east corner, is the Bab al-Jenina which, along with the minaret, is meant for the exclusive use of the imam of the mosque. It has several rooms for routine use.
The minbar
The original minbar of the mosque is now preserved in the National Museum of Antiquities and Islamic Arts. It is one of the finest sculpted minbars of its type in Algeria. It bears an inscription in Kufic script saying:
بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم أتم هذا المنبر في أول شهر رجب من سنة تسعين وأربعمائة. الذي عمل محمد (In the name of Allah, the Compassionate, the Merciful. This chair has been completed the first of the month of Rajab of the year 490. Work of Muhammad). The minbar is sculpted in wood fixed on wheels for free movement of the Almoravid period. It is patterned in the simple shape of the paneled minbar of the Great Mosque of Qairawan.
Notable Imams
Mohamed Charef (1908-2011)
See also
Algerian Islamic reference
Hizb Rateb (Hezzab, Bash Hezzab, Salka)
Great Mosque of Aleppo
Islam in Algeria
History of medieval Arabic and Western European domes
List of cultural assets of Algeria
References
Further reading
Alger, quelques-unes de ses mosquées, le Comité du Vieil Alger, Feuillets d'El-Djezaïr, Fondateur Henri Klein (1910), Éditions du Tell, 2003
Bourouiba, R., Les inscriptions commémoratives des mosquées d'Algérie, Algiers, OPU, 1984, p. 81–86
Bourouiba, R., L'art religieux musulman en Algérie, Algiers, S.N.E.D., 1983
Bourouiba, R., Apports de l'Algérie à l'architecture religieuse arabo-islamique, Algiers, OPNA, 1956
Devoulx, A., Les édifices religieux de l'ancien Alger, Algiers, Bastide, 1870
Marçais, G., L'architecture musulmane d'occident, Tunisie, Algérie, Espagne et Sicile, Paris, Arts et Métiers Graphiques, 1954
External links
Museum with no frontiers, Ali Lafer, The Great Mosque (djamaa el-kebir)
Mosques in Algiers
11th-century mosques
Almoravid architecture
Lower Castle Zizers is a castle located in the municipality of Zizers in the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
MatrixNet is a proprietary machine learning algorithm developed by Yandex and used widely throughout the company products. The algorithm is based on gradient boosting and was introduced since 2009.
Application
CERN is using the algorithm to analyze and search through the colossal data outputs generated by the use of the Large Hadron Collider.
See also
Yandex Zen
References
Internet search engines
Search engine optimization
Yandex
Robert A. Maxwell (1838, Washington County, New York – June 8, 1912, Batavia, Genesee County, New York) was an American politician
Life
As a Democrat, he was New York State Treasurer from 1882 to 1885, elected in 1881 and 1883. On December 28, 1885, he was appointed as Superintendent of Insurance by Governor David B. Hill to take office on January 1, 1886, and remained in this office until February 1891 when he was succeeded by James F. Pierce.
In March 1893, he was appointed Fourth Assistant U.S. Postmaster General by President Grover Cleveland, and served until the end of Cleveland's administration in March 1897.
In 1896, he supported John M. Palmer of the National Democratic Party for President.
Sources
Appointed Supt. of Insurance, in NYT on December 29, 1885 Giving wrong middle initial "S.")
Obit in NYT on June 9, 1912
The third ticket, in NYT on September 11, 1896
The Political Graveyard: Index to Politicians: Maxwell at politicalgraveyard.com Political Graveyard
Removed from office, in NYT on February 11, 1891
His reforms in the U.S. Postal Dept., in NYT on March 13, 1897
1838 births
1912 deaths
New York State Treasurers
People from Washington County, New York
People from Batavia, New York
19th-century American politicians
Orange Coast College (OCC) is a public community college in Costa Mesa in Orange County, California. It was founded in 1947, with its first classes opening in the fall of 1948. It provides Associate of Art and Associate of Science degrees, certificates of achievement, and lower-division classes transferable to other colleges and universities. The school enrolls approximately 24,000 undergraduate students. In terms of population size, Orange Coast College is the third-largest college in Orange County.
History
Orange Coast College was formed after local voters passed a measure in the January 1947 election to establish a new junior college on a site, secured from the War Assets Administration in Washington, D.C, and part of the deactivated Santa Ana Army Air Base.
The first official District board of trustees hired the college's founding president and district superintendent, Basil Hyrum Peterson, on July 28, 1947. Construction of campus classrooms and facilities began when Dr. Peterson hired Fran Albers as the college's carpenter in February 1948. Albers' crew of 35 workers (mostly Coast football players paid 60 cents an hour) turned an Army movie theatre into an auditorium and concert hall; a service club into a 500-seat gymnasium; an Army chapel into a facility for theatre productions and student/staff weddings; a military storage building into a library; an Army PX into a student center; a battalion headquarters building into an administration building; and several cadet barracks into student dormitories and married student and faculty housing.
The first campus building phase occurred in the early 1950s, when renowned architect Richard Neutra was brought in to re-design the campus. Leaving many of the original buildings intact, Neutra added several modernist structures including the strikingly minimalist Campus Theater and two large lecture halls. These were laid out on a 45-degree angle to the city street grid, in much the same manner as The Parkinsons' layout of USC. The second and largest building phase occurred in the 1970s, when local architect William Blurock was hired to replace many of the original Army buildings with structures more suitable for educational purposes.
In December 2002, Rabbit Island, a island located in the North Gulf Islands of the Georgia Strait west of the city of Vancouver in British Columbia, Canada, was donated to the Orange Coast College Foundation. Since then the OCC Foundation, using funds designated for the Orange Coast College School of Sailing & Seamanship, has refurbished the facilities on the island, made significant capital improvements, and has helped fund the use of the island as a field station to teach summer classes in Island Ecology, Biological Diversity, Vertebrate Biology, Intertidal Ecology, kayaking, and photography. It is now referred to as "Wheeler Station" at Rabbit Island (in honor of the donor, Henry Wheeler). OCC marine science and biology instructors have used the island to conduct research on species diversity, standing stock, species distribution, and oceanography. Plans were underway to find separate funding for the island outside of OCC. Possible funding sources included the National Science Foundation, rental of the island facilities to Canadians, funding from the Associated Students of OCC (ASOCC), and through other foundation grants and private donations. In March 2007, the Orange Coast College Foundation Board of Directors voted to sell the island after determining that keeping and maintaining it was unfeasible. As of July 2007, the island was in talks to be sold to a private party for $2.41 million. However, the sale did not materialize and the island was sold in March 2008 to a privately held Canadian corporation for $2.19 million.
In 2015, a plan is in effect to remove the early Neutra buildings in the center of the campus and open up a large central park around which both the outlying 1970s buildings and several newer buildings will be clustered.
2016 recording controversy
In November 2016, an OCC student recorded a lecture by a professor of human sexuality, violating the school's Student Code of Conduct. In the lecture, the professor criticized President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, calling their election "an act of terrorism" against members of the LGBTQ community. The student shared the recording with a student club on campus, which then posted it on their public Facebook page. The video promptly went viral, sparking backlash and death threats against the professor.
After an investigation, the student was suspended for one semester, and required to write an essay and apologize to the professor. After public outcry, the punishment was overturned in a special meeting of the Coast Community College District Board of Trustees, in the interest of bringing "closure to a chain of events that has led to the distress for many, most especially, an OCC teacher and student."
In 2017, the professor was awarded the Faculty of the Year award by her peers, which she declined to accept and did not want to participate in related activities.
Organization and admissions
The college is one of three in the Coast Community College District, a regional organization providing administrative services and funding for post-secondary education. The district is chartered by the state of California to provide community college services.
The mission of OCC is to provide inexpensive education in the trades, licensed trades and skilled professions, as well as remedial and transferable lower-division courses for students who plan to transfer to either a California State University or University of California campus.
Orange Coast College is one of the top transfer institutions in the country. OCC ranks third across California for combined UC and CSU transfers. The college ranks 65th out of more than 5,000 community colleges in the United States in awarding associate degrees.
For California residents, costs are $46 per unit. For non-residents, costs are about $150 per unit. A typical two-year program has 60 units. All students who are over 18 years of age and can benefit from the services at OCC, qualify for admission.
Students who are under 18 years of age must show any one of the following,
A high school diploma
The California High School Certificate of Proficiency or equivalent
Completion of the 10th grade and the Early Start Petition form.
Academics
OCC is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges. It also has specialized accreditation by American Dental Association (Commission on Dental Accreditation), the American Dietetic Association (Commission on Accreditation for Dietetics Education), and the Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology.
Student life
OCC has active clubs, competitive sport teams, and an involved Associated Student Body. However, the campus community is less social than a four-year institution because it is primarily a commuter college serving local people.
On-campus housing is not available, and local housing is expensive, approximately $1100 per month for a small single-bedroom apartment. Local rooms in houses rent for about $750 per month.
Many changes have been going on at Orange Coast College. A new library was opened in January 2008, the Lewis Science Building was remodeled, and a Starbucks was built by the new Art Center. It is the only community college in Orange County that has its own Starbucks.
Construction on a new Math, Business and Computing Center is slated to be complete in the fall of 2015. Construction projects scheduled to break ground in the near future include a 120-seat Planetarium, and an expanded Recycling Center. The recently remodeled student resource center, Watson Hall, contains:
Counseling Center
Records and Admissions
Transfer Center
Career Center
Career Library
International Center
Academic Honors Office
Re-Entry Center
Financial Aid
Veterans' Services
Assessment Center
Puente Program
Athletics
Orange Coast College sponsors 25 sports programs. The 12 men's sports programs are baseball, basketball, crew, cross-country, football, golf, soccer, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball and water polo. The 13 women's programs are cheerleading/dance, basketball, beach volleyball, crew, cross-country, golf, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball and water polo.
LeBard Stadium is located on the campus.
The Los Angeles Chargers have held training camp and regular season practices at the campus facilities.
Coast Report
The Coast Report has been OCC's campus newspaper since 1948. The Coast Report currently distributes 5,000 copies of their paper throughout the campus every week on Wednesdays. The Coast Report also maintains the Coast Report Online, which is an online version of the paper. The faculty adviser for the paper is Dr. Jeremy Shermak.
Student body
OCC has a total enrollment of 24,783 students, of which 16,384 are degree seeking undergraduates. Ninety-seven percent of incoming students are drawn from California, and 3% are from out of state. Thirty-five percent of students are part-time. As of fall 2007, the proportion of students with a B.A. or higher is 10%.
Notable alumni
Craig Amerkhanian, rower and rowing coach
Pham Xuan An, journalist and spy
Blake Anderson, comedian and actor
Gustavo Arellano, journalist and columnist
Scott Aukerman, writer, actor
Scott Beerer, Major League Baseball player
Carlos Bilbao, Member of the Idaho House of Representatives
Beverly Bivens, lead singer of We Five
Brandon Brennan, MLB pitcher for the Boston Red Sox
Venus D-Lite, drag queen, Madonna impersonator, and contestant on RuPaul's Drag Race (season 3).
David Denman, actor
Adam Devine, comedian and actor
Tom Dumont, guitarist and producer
Clay Busch, entertainment / music executive, producer
Rob Enderle, consultant
Bob Ernst, collegiate and Olympic rowing coach
Paul Frank, artist and fashion designer
Denny Fitzpatrick, basketball player
Rebecca Forstadt, (aka Reba West), actress
Tiki Ghosn, professional mixed martial artist, at one time competing in Strikeforce, the WEC, and the Ultimate Fighting Championship
Roark Gourley, painter, sculptor
Matthew Harper, American politician. California State Assemblyman, 74th District, and the 59th Mayor of Huntington Beach (2013–2014).
Don Hồ, singer
Michael Irby, actor
Chris Jackson, Arena Football League player
Casey Jennings, beach volleyball player
Eddie Johnson, NFL and CFL player
Ross Johnson, politician
William Katt, actor
Diane Keaton, actress
Curtiss King, singer, producer
Brian Krause, actor
Tom Kubis, jazz composer/arranger
Miracle Laurie, actress
Larry Lee, baseball coach
Cliff Livingston, NFL player
Brent Mayne, MLB Catcher
Sabina Mazo, Colombian Mixed Martial Artist
Scott Mosier, film producer
Dustin Nguyen, actor
Henry Nguyen, basketball player for the Hochiminh City Wings
Quinn Norton, journalist
Raymond Obstfeld, author and professor
Dan O'Mahony, singer, author, activist, journalist
Carlos Palomino, professional boxer
Audrina Patridge, reality-show cast member, The Hills and actress
Kenda Perez, model, host
B. J. Porter, writer, actor
Russ Purnell, NFL assistant coach
Dan Quisenberry, MLB pitcher
Benny Ricardo, NFL player
Francisco Rivera, football player; professional mixed martial artist, current UFC Bantamweight
Sergio Romo, MLB pitcher
Jack Scott, Member of the California Senate
Dave Staton, MLB Player
Jim Steffen, NFL player
Shay Spitz, soccer player
Andy Strouse, soccer player
Steve Timmons, 2× Olympic gold medalist, Volleyball
Alika DeRego, US Open National Champion, Volleyball
Patrick Warburton, actor
Greg Willard, basketball referee
John Vallely, NBA player
Minoti Vaishnav, songwriter and screenwriter
Scott Weiland, singer and musician
Matthew Kenslow, author, YouTuber and Instagrammer
References
External links
Official website
Coast Report student newspaper
Universities and colleges in Orange County, California
California Community Colleges
Buildings and structures in Costa Mesa, California
Educational institutions established in 1947
Sports in Costa Mesa, California
1947 establishments in California
Richard Neutra buildings
Schools accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges
Two-year colleges in the United States
Manidae is the only extant family of pangolins from superfamily Manoidea. This family comprises three genera (Manis from subfamily Maninae, Phataginus from subfamily Phatagininae, and Smutsia from subfamily Smutsiinae), as well as extinct Fayum pangolin.
Classification and phylogeny
History of classification
All species of living pangolin had been assigned to the genus Manis until the late 2000s, when research prompted the splitting of extant pangolins into three genera: Manis, Phataginus, and Smutsia.
Taxonomy
Family: Manidae (pangolins)
Subfamily: Maninae (Gray, 1821)
Genus: Manis (Linnaeus, 1758) (Asiatic pangolins)
Manis crassicaudata (Gray, 1827) (Indian pangolin)
Manis pentadactyla (Linnaeus, 1758) (Chinese pangolin)
Manis sp. (Scale_H4 & Scale_H8)
†Manis hungarica (Kormos, 1934)
†Manis lydekkeri (Dubois, 1908)
Subgenus: Paramanis (Pocock, 1924)
Manis javanica (Desmarest, 1822) (Sunda pangolin)
Manis culionensis (de Elera, 1895) (Philippine pangolin)
†Manis palaeojavanica (Dubois, 1907) (giant asian pangolin)
Subfamily: Phatagininae (Gaubert, 2017) (small African pangolins)
Genus: Phataginus (Rafinesque, 1821) (African tree pangolins)
Phataginus tetradactyla (Linnaeus, 1766) (long-tailed pangolin)
Phataginus tricuspis (Rafinesque, 1821) (tree pangolin)
Subfamily: Smutsiinae (Gray, 1873) (large African pangolins)
Genus: Smutsia (Gray, 1865) (African ground pangolins)
Smutsia gigantea (Illiger, 1815) (giant pangolin)
Smutsia temmincki (Smuts, 1832) (ground pangolin)
†Smutsia olteniensis (Terhune, 2021)
Incertae sedis
†Manidae sp. [DPC 3972 and DPC 4364] (Gebo & Rasmussen, 1985) (Fayum pangolin)
Phylogeny
Phylogenetic position of family Manidae within superfamily Manoidea.
References
External links
ZSL Pangolin Conservation
Pangolin: Wildlife summary from the African Wildlife Foundation
Tree of Life of Pholidota
National Geographic video of a pangolin
Proceedings of the Workshop on Trade and Conservation of Pangolins Native to South and Southeast Asia (PDF)
The Phylogeny of Living and Extinct Pangolins (Mammalia, Pholidota) and Associated Taxa: A Morphology Based Analysis (PDF)
Coronavirus: Revenge of the Pangolins? The New York Times, March 6, 2020.
Pangolins
Mammal families
Taxa named by John Edward Gray
"Alas Agnes" was the fourth single by Mystery Jets, released in December 2005. It was later released as part of their first album, Making Dens, and was also the band's first UK Top 40 single. It tells the story of unrequited love for a transvestite.
Track listings
7" vinyl (679L115)
"Alas Agnes" – 3:54
"Electric Fires"
CD (679L115CD)
"Alas Agnes" – 4:54
"The Last Bench" – 4:33
Limited edition 7" vinyl (679L115X)
(This 7" is titled "Eel Pie Bootleg")
"Alas Agnes (live from the Astoria, May 2005)"
"Rastamadeus (live on Eel Pie Island)"
"Lizzie's Lion (live on Eel Pie Island)"
External links
Mystery Jets official website
2005 singles
Mystery Jets songs
LGBT-related songs
2005 songs
Jared Chipman Troop (ca 1837 – 27 July 1876) was a lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1874.
Troop was born in Bridgetown, Nova Scotia in 1837 or 1838, the son of Alexander H. Troop and Eunice Chipman. Troop was called to the bar in 1856. He was part of a delegation sent to England in 1868 to attempt to have the Union with Canada repealed. He served as a minister without portfolio from 1867 to 1870, when he was named speaker for the assembly after the death of John Joseph Marshall. Troop was reelected speaker in 1871. He served as custos rotulorum for Annapolis County from 1868 to 1876. He lived in Bridgetown until his death in 1876.
References
The Canadian parliamentary companion, HJ Morgan (1873)
A Directory of the Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, 1758-1958, Public Archives of Nova Scotia (1958)
1876 deaths
Nova Scotia Reformer MLAs
Nova Scotia Anti-Confederation Party MLAs
Speakers of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly
Year of birth uncertain
People from Annapolis County, Nova Scotia
1837 births
Eddie Lee (July 28, 1899 – August 20, 1979) was a character actor from the 1930s through the 1950s. Of Asian descent, he played mainly bit parts such as cooks and soldiers. While most of his over 80 roles were uncredited, he did have a few significant roles, such as in 1935's Sunset Range, Panic on the Air (1936), and 1943's The Man From Thunder River.
Filmography
(Per AFI database)
I'll Cry Tomorrow (1955) as Chinese Grocer
Soldier of Fortune (1955) as Sentry
Hell and High Water (1953) as Chinese Submarine Commander
China Venture (1953) as Guerrilla
Target Hong Kong (1953) as Pirate
I Was an American Spy (1951) as Japanese MP
Mask of the Dragon (1951) as Chin Koo - Korean Curio Shop Owner
Mister 880 (1950) as Chinese Interpreter
Bells of Coronado (1949) as Shanghai, the Cook
Malaya (1949) as Japanese Aide
The Clay Pigeon (1949) as White Lotus Cashier
Boston Blackie's Chinese Venture (1948) as Fantan Player
Half Past Midnight (1948) as Chinese Man in Alley
To the Ends of the Earth (1947) as Chian Soo
Saigon (1947) as Teahouse Merchant
Singapore (1946) as Waiter
Calcutta (1946) as Jim Wong, Bank Clerk
Frontier Gal (1945) as Wing Lee
Nob Hill (1945) as Chinese Man
God Is My Co-Pilot (1944) as Kichiburo's Staff Officer
Dragon Seed (1944) as City Man
Marine Raiders (1944) as Japanese Officer
And the Angels Sing (1944) as Manager of Chinese Café
Broadway Rhythm (1944) as Chinese Waiter
The Purple Heart (1943) as Army Aide
Rookies in Burma (1943) as Japanese Radio Operato
Destination Tokyo (1943) as Japanese at Listening Post
Jack London (1943) as Japanese Sergeant
Headin' for God's Country (1943) as Gim Lung
Salute to the Marines (1943) as Japanese Officer
Behind the Rising Sun (1943) as Sergeant
The Man from Thunder River (1943) as Wong
China (1943) as Guerrilla
Reunion in France (1942) as Japanese Man
China Girl (1942) as Doctor
Across the Pacific (1942) as Chinese Hotel Clerk
Submarine Raider (1942) as Takeo
Tarzan's New York Adventure (1942) as Sun Lee's Assistant
Pacific Rendezvous (1942) as Japanese Man
A Tragedy at Midnight (1942) as Chinese Laundry Worker
A Yank on the Burma Road (1942) as Chinese Lieutenant
Man from Cheyenne (1941) as Houseboy
Moonlight in Hawaii (1941) as Charlie
Burma Convoy (1941) as Leon
The Stork Pays Off (1941) as Chinese Man
The Big Store (1941) as Chinese Father
Girls Under 21 (1940) as Chinese Waiter
Barricade (1939) as Wah - Consulate Servant
Torchy Blane in Chinatown (1938) as Chinese Boy
Too Hot to Handle (1938) as Chinese Officer
International Settlement (1938) as Rickshaw Driver
West of Shanghai (1936) as Wang Chung - the Assassin
The Cowboy and the Kid (1936) as Chinese Laundryman
Roaming Lady (1936) as Chinese Seaman
Panic on the Air (1936) as McNulty
Charlie Chan in Shanghai (1935) as Servant
Without Regret (1935) as Chinese Officer
Here Comes Cookie (1935) as Chang
Mary Jane's Pa (1935) as Chinese Man
Sunset Range (1935) as Lee Fong the Cook
George White's 1935 Scandals (1935) as Chinese Man
The Painted Veil (1934) as Fane's Chinese Servant
She Learned About Sailors (1933) as Rickshaw Driver
References
External links
1899 births
1979 deaths
Male actors from Los Angeles
Charles Bilal was mayor of Kountze, Texas, USA. He is notable for being the first Muslim in America to be elected as an American Muslim to a US municipality.
Bilal lives in Kountze where, in 1991, he was elected as the first Muslim mayor of a US municipality. He is a motivational speaker and has had invitations to Saudi Arabia, sponsored by the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia. In 1994, Bilal participated in a political council on how American Muslims can be elected to political offices.
He was the first US mayor to receive an official invitation from the Consulate General of the Republic of Indonesia via the owner of Amanah magazine, Lukman Umar. During his ten-day visit in 1993, he spoke to audiences on the importance of American Muslim elections to the political arena.
Accomplishments
Appointment as member of the World Council of Mayors by the Hon. Mayor Johnny Ford, Tuskegee, Alabama. Ford was the founder of the National Conference of Black Mayors in Washington, D.C., on April 28, 1994.
In 1994, Bilal arranged the visit by Muhammad Ali to Kountze, initiating funding for a youth center.
Bilal was a sponsor at the DeQuincy Louisiana State Prison giving motivational lectures to the Muslim community within the institution, 1970-1993.
References
Mayors of places in Texas
African-American Muslims
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
African-American mayors in Texas
People from Kountze, Texas
21st-century African-American people
Richard Joseph Tracewski (born February 3, 1935) is a retired American professional baseball player, coach and manager. During his active career, he was an infielder for the Los Angeles Dodgers and Detroit Tigers of Major League Baseball, appearing in 614 games over eight seasons (1962–69). He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Tracewski was a four-time World Series champion as a player and coach. He participated in three Fall Classics as a player: two with Los Angeles (1963, 1965) and one with Detroit (1968). He was the starting second baseman in the Dodgers' four-game sweep of the Yankees in 1963, and also started four games at second during the seven-game 1965 classic. He also served as first-base coach for the Tigers in the 1984 World Series.
Tracewski's playing career began in the Brooklyn Dodgers' organization in 1953 and it took him almost a decade to reach the majors. After early and late-season trials with the 1962 Dodgers, Tracewski earned a spot as a utility infielder, getting into more than 100 games in both and . He was the Dodgers' second baseman on the evening of September 9, 1965, when Sandy Koufax tossed a perfect game against the Chicago Cubs. He was traded to the Tigers for Phil Regan on December 15, 1965, and spent the rest of his career in the Detroit organization.
During his eight-season MLB playing tenure, he batted .213, with eight home runs and 91 RBIs. His 262 hits (in 1,231 at bats) also included 31 doubles and nine triples. He went 4-for-30 (.133) in World Series play.
Tracewski then managed in the Detroit farm system for two seasons (1970–71). In 1972, he began a 24-year stint as a coach for Detroit, longer than any other coach in Tiger history. Tracewski, on two occasions, filled in as the Tigers' interim manager. He managed the club for two games in 1979 (the Tigers winning both) before Sparky Anderson arrived, and from May 20, 1989, to early July while Anderson recovered from exhaustion.
Tracewski retired from baseball after the season, as did his long-time boss, Anderson.
External links
, or Retrosheet, or SABR Biography Project
1935 births
Living people
American people of Polish descent
Asheville Tourists players
Atlanta Crackers players
Bakersfield Dodgers players
Baseball coaches from Pennsylvania
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Cedar Rapids Raiders players
Detroit Tigers coaches
Detroit Tigers managers
Detroit Tigers players
Fort Worth Cats players
Hornell Dodgers players
Lakeland Flying Tigers managers
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Major League Baseball first base coaches
Major League Baseball infielders
Major League Baseball third base coaches
Omaha Dodgers players
People from Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
Pueblo Dodgers players
Sheboygan Indians players
Spokane Indians players
Thomasville Dodgers players
American expatriate baseball players in Colombia
American expatriate baseball players in Panama
Football at the Inter-Allied Games was an unofficial football event organized by the United States military and the YMCA. It took place in June 1919, a year after the cessation of hostilities on the western front, and all the matches were played at the newly constructed Stade Pershing in Paris. The tournament featured some of Europe's top players. The Inter-Allied Games is the first football tournament, official or otherwise, with national teams from two different continents.
For this tournament, were invited teams from all the countries who had been on the winning side in the war as to celebrate their victory. Eight national teams participated in the competition: Belgium, Canada, Czechoslovakia, hosts France, Greece, Italy, Romania and the United States.
Czechoslovakia, whose participation in the Allied-Games represented the first major international sporting appearance for the newly created nation, went on to make a memorable campaign, winning the tournament and finishing unbeaten. Along with Czechoslovakia, the Allied-Games was also the first taste of international football to Romania and Greece, but because the matches played in Paris are not recognized by FIFA or the International Olympic Committee, and therefore, they are not considered official international matches, the countries official debuts only came at the 1920 Olympics, for Romania came in 1922 and for Greece it only came 10 years later, in 1929.
Venues
The venue was the newly constructed Stade Pershing in Paris, a gift to France from the American people.
Squads
for the Inter-Allied Games in Paris, 1919.
The Winning Forces of WWI assembled football teams for this tournament. The USA team was selected from among the participants in the American Expeditionary Forces Championship held the month before. The U.S. army was willing to return soldiers who had already been demobilized back to the U.S. when they thought it gave them the best chance to win an event, but such a policy did not seem to apply to soccer and instead most of the returned athletes competed in track and field events. In contrast to this approach other nations turned out strong teams featuring some of the continent's top players, such as Czechoslovakia.
: The Czechoslovakian team was made up largely of players taken from the club Slavia Prague, the traditional champions of Czechoslovakia, and the Czech team that reached the gold medal match of the 1920 Olympics (which they lost 2-0 to hosts, Belgium, and they forfeited in protest over the actions of the English referee) included thirteen players from the Inter-Allied roster, the most of any nation that competed in both tournaments. The top star of the side being forward Antonín Janda, who was the tournament's shared top goal scorer with 7 goals. Others top Czech players who appeared in both the Inter-Allied games and the Olympics was Defender Antonín Hojer and midfielder Václav Pilát.
: Belgium also had a very good team, with at least six players from the 1919 side going on to help the country win gold at the 1920 Olympics. Among the leading figures on both teams was Armand Swartenbroeks.
: Despite the fact that football in France had a limited following compared to other sports, notably rugby, the country still produced some remarkably talented players, many of whom appeared at the Inter-Allied games. The top stars of their side were forward Paul Nicolas, who was the tournament's shared top goal scorer with 7 goals, and goalkeeper Pierre Chayriguès, who managed to not concede a single goal in the group stage, including a clean-sheet against Italy. Former Real Madrid player René Petit was also part of this team.
: The players who led the line for the Italians were Enrico Sardi, Luigi Cevenini and Swiss-born forward Ermanno Aebi, who despite having Swiss citizenship he volunteered for military service in Italy which explains his appearance at the Inter-Allied games. The Italian team also included the likes of Aristodemo Santamaria and Guiseppe Asti.
: The star of the Greek national team that participated in the Inter-Allied Games was Giorgos Kalafatis, in fact, Greece's team having the leading conscripted Greek footballers at the tournament was based on the initiative from Kalafatis. In Paris, Kalafatis collected information about basketball and volleyball (sports unknown then in Greece) and after his return to Athens, he started his efforts on creating basketball and volleyball teams with Panathinaikos. He was also a player/manager for Greece in the 1920 Olympic Games in Antwerp.
: The Romania football team at the Games was drawn almost exclusively from Bucharest, and no ethnic Hungarians were involved (it did, however, include a German and an Englishman). In goal for Romania was the 22-year-old Constantin Rădulescu, who would later select and/or coach the Romanian national team at the first three World Cups, and would be a prime mover in the establishment of the Romanian Football Federation (FRF) in 1923 and the divisional league system (Alexandru Săvulescu, who would later be on the staff with Rădulescu at two World Cups, was also a member of this team).
Format
8 teams entered the competition, which were organized into two groups of four. Teams of each group played each other once and each team was awarded 2 points for a win, 1 for a draw and 0 for a loss, and the top two teams from each group played in a final.
Summary
Group A contained France, Italy, Greece and Romania while the other consisted of the United States, Canada, Czechoslovakia and Belgium. In Group A, both France and Italy defeated Greece and Romania comfortably, meaning that the ticket to the final would be decided between them in the last match of the group, which was won by France 2–0, thus finishing the group without conceding a single goal. Greece was trashed 0–9 and 0–11 by Italy and France respectively, conceding a poker in both games to Luigi Cevenini and Paul Nicolas. The latter also netted twice against Romania and his side's second against Italy to bring his goal tally up to seven.
In group B, Czech forwards Antonin Janda and Jan Vaník also found the back of the net in all three matches of the group stage, with Janda netting once in a 4–1 win over Belgium, and twice against both Canada (3–2) and the USA (8–2), thus helping his side top the group and reach the final at the expense of Belgium. They would both score in the final against France as well.
The most dramatic games of the whole tournament were the ones that decided the third spot of each group, a Balkanize derby between Greece and Romania in group A and an American derby between the USA and Canada in group B, and while the former finished with a 3–2 victory to a Greece team that had conceded twenty goals without reply in their two earlier games, the later ended in a 5–4 win to the USA.
Ultimately, Czechoslovakia and France met in the final and after a close match, the Czechs took home the silverware with a 3–2 win. The performance of the United States team at the games was not the best as they won only a single game while finishing with a minus-12 goal difference, however, the U.S. team acquitted itself pretty well considering that the American Expeditionary Forces Championship seemed to give little attention to building the strongest possible squad.
Results
Group 1
Group 2
Final
The final took place on 29 June in front of a crowd that packed the big stadium. The hosts had their line-up greatly strengthened with the addition of the Gastiger brothers (Maurice and Pierre), Langenove, Devic and Deydier, while Czechoslovakia made a shift in their regular line-up, putting Antonín Janda in the backline with a new man, Jaroslav Červený, in his place on the forward line, but this change didn't pay off as they found themselves trailing 2–1 at half-time, and therefore, the second half saw Janda back in his regular position and from then on the team hit its stride, but France strongly contested the Czechoslovak bid for supremacy, and soon, the contest developed into a battle between the Czechoslovak forward line and the French defense, a scenario that proved to be perfect for France's goalkeeper, Pierre Chayriguès to shine, as he put up a spectacular game and electrified the stands with his brilliant stops. However, with less than 10 minutes to go, Janda found an equalizer. He seemed to have just forced extra-time, however, just 5 minutes later, he nets the winner past Chayriguès to give his side a 3–2 win over the hosts. Besides the wonderful work of Janda, the shifty playing of Václav Pilát at the center was also a big factor in the eventual 3-2 victory. The Czechoslovakian team was built around a nucleus of players from Slavia Prague, who was schooled for 25 years by a former Scotch international player, Johnny Madden, and he watched his team triumph from the side-lines. There were no more passionate fans present than the American soldiers and at the conclusion of the game they carried the hard-working Janda from the field on their shoulders. Janda, by his aggressiveness and good sportsmanship, became one of the most popular players of the tournament. Later when arrangements were being made for Sparta to tour the United States in 1926, the terms of the contract reportedly stipulated for Janda to be included in the team even though he had not featured regularly for Sparta in the past two seasons.
Winners
Statistics
Goalscorers
Hat-tricks
See also
1976 U.S.A. Bicentennial Cup Tournament
Football at the 1906 Intercalated Games
Belgium national football team results (unofficial matches)
Italy national football team results (unofficial matches)
France national football team results (unofficial matches)
Romania national football team results (unofficial matches)
References
External links
RSSSF archives
Olympic football tournaments
1919 in association football
International association football competitions hosted by France
International association football competitions hosted by Paris
