Tharp Ice Rise () is an ice rise, about 1.3 nautical miles (2.4 km) long, located at the ice front (1966) of Larsen Ice Shelf, 15 nautical miles (28 km) east of Cape Fanning, Merz Peninsula, Black Coast. The ice rise was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from U.S. Navy aerial photographs taken 1966–69. In association with the names of Antarctic oceanographers grouped in this area, named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1977 after Marie Tharp, American marine geologist and oceanographer of Lamont-Doherty Geological Observatory, Columbia University, New York.
Ice rises of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Palmer Land
Amirabad (, also Romanized as Amīrābād) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
Paracobitis persa is a species of stone loach found in the Mallosjsn spring and Sivand River of the Kor basin in southern Iran. This species reaches a length of .
References
persa
Fish of Asia
Fish of Iran
Taxa named by Jörg Freyhof
Taxa named by Hamid Reza Esmaeili
Taxa named by Golnaz Sayyadzadeh
Taxa named by Matthias F. Geiger
Fish described in 2014
The 2024 Hockey5s World Cup will be the first edition of the FIH Hockey5s World Cup, the quadrennial world championship for men's and women's national hockey5s teams organized by the FIH. It will be held in January 2024, in Muscat, Oman.
The qualification process will start in 2022.
References
External links
World Cup
International field hockey competitions hosted by Oman
Hockey5s World Cup
Hockey5s World Cup
Arachidicoccus soli is a Gram-negative, aerobic, rod-shaped and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Arachidicoccus which has been isolated from soil from the Hodo island in Korea.
References
Chitinophagia
Bacteria described in 2020
David Rasmussen (born 1 December 1976 in Copenhagen) is a Danish former professional footballer who is assistant coach for GVI in the Danish 2nd Division. He spent one season in the Bundesliga with Hansa Rostock.
References
1976 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Footballers from Copenhagen
Association football midfielders
Denmark international footballers
Bundesliga players
Boldklubben af 1893 players
PEC Zwolle players
FC Nordsjælland players
FC Hansa Rostock players
Viborg FF players
Karlslunde IF managers
Danish expatriate footballers
Danish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Skive station is a railway station serving the town of Skive in Jutland, Denmark.
Skive station is located on the Langå-Struer Line from Langå to Struer in the center of the town.
The station was opened in 1864 with the opening of the Viborg-Skive section of the Langå-Struer Line.
It offers direct InterCity services to Copenhagen and Struer as well as regional train services to Aarhus and Struer.
The train services are operated by Arriva and DSB.
History
Skive station opened on 17 October 1864 to serve as a temporary terminus of the Viborg-Skive section of the Langå-Struer Line. In 1865, the railway line was continued to Struer.
In 1884, Skive station also became the southern terminus of the new Salling railway line from Skive to Glyngøre, which connected with the ferries to Nykøbing Mors on the island of Mors. Due to the increasing traffic, Skive's first station became too small and had to be expanded. It was decided to build a new station, and Skive's second station was taken into use on September 28, 1888. Its station building was located a short distance east of Skive's first station. In 1924, the new West Salling railway line opened from Skive to Spøttrup.
The original Skive station was a terminal station, and trains arriving there had to end their journeys (terminate) or reverse out of the station. In 1962, however, the station was moved to its present location, changed to a through station, and the current station building was built. The third and current station building opened on 2 February 1962 and was designed by the Danish architect Ole Ejnar Bording.
The West Salling Line was closed in 1966. Passenger traffic on the Salling Line stopped in 1971, with freight service on the line between Skive and Nykøbing Mors continuing until 1977 and between Skive and Glyngøre until 1979.
Architecture
The original station building was designed by the Danish architect Niels Peder Christian Holsøe. It was replaced by the second station building in 1888, and torn down at the start of the 20th century. The third and current station building was designed by the Danish architect Ole Ejnar Bonding.
Operations
The train services are operated by the railway companies Arriva and DSB. The station offers direct InterCity services to Copenhagen and Struer operated by DSB, and regional train services to Aarhus and Struer operated by Arriva.
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Banedanmark – government agency responsible for maintenance and traffic control of most of the Danish railway network
DSB – the largest Danish train operating company
Arriva – British multinational public transport company operating bus and train services in Denmark
Danske Jernbaner – website with information on railway history in Denmark
Buildings and structures in the Central Denmark Region
Railway stations opened in 1864
Railway stations in Denmark
Skive, Denmark
Grubine is a small settlement in the municipality of Podbablje, near the town of Imotski, Split-Dalmatia, Croatia.
Geography
Grubine is 5 km away from the town of Imotski. It lies by the intersection of the two major state roads. (Split - Lovreć - Imotski and Baška Voda - St. Ilija Tunnel - Zagvozd - Grubine)
History
The town is first mentioned in 1931. Nearby hamlets Mračaj, Matkovići, Žužuli, Vukovići, Karini and Jonjići have survived since 1718, after the Venetians liberated Imotski from Turkish occupation and returned it to Austrian Dalmatia. A population census was taken and the hamlet's names were added on to maps. At the time, the hamlets were assigned to the parish of St. Luke – Podbablje. The name Grubine originates from the name Gruba, a name common on medieval gravestones, called stećci.
The patroness of Grubine is Our Lady - Queen of Croats in whose honor residents established a new church in 1995.
Population
Grubine is the largest settlement in the Podbablje municipality with a population of 1,010 since 2011.
Economy
Construction has long been the main occupation, especially due to the construction of the Dalmatina highway and St. Elijah tunnel resulting in numerous enterprises in the construction business.
Given its position close to the fields of Imotski, Grubine inherited an agricultural tradition in growing grapes and vegetables. After the completion of the St. Elias tunnel through the mountain Biokovo in 2013, the Imotski county has become well-connected to the Makarska Riviera. This stimulated touristic development in Grubine, making tourism the fastest growing industry there. For instance, before the tunnel opening Grubine counted zero accommodation units, while in 2016, there were 12 holiday villas with pools along with 2 apartments. The guests mostly come from West and North Europe.
Education
The 4-year district school is situated In the hamlet of Mracaj and is part of the “Tin Ujević“ Elementary school in Krivodol. The district school was refurbished in 2016, using European Union funds. Part of the building belongs to a preschool kindergarten. Grubine inherits a long education tradition starting in 1931.
Culture
Various associations take care of the development, culture, tradition, sport and ecology of Grubine. The Grubine Sport Society (Športsko Društvo Grubine ŠDG) was established in 2007. Every summer it organizes a football tournament called “Kraljica Hrvata“ (The Queen of Croats) where teams compete from across Dalmatia and near Herzegovina compete. A part of the tournament is a football competition between Grubine's hamlets called The Tournament of Surnames.
The HKUD Kolajna association was established in the 1980s when it initiated the Grubine Carnival on the last weekend of Lent joining the old carnival tradition of the Imotski County. It organizes carnivals with a hiatus during the Independence War in the early 90s. It cooperates with the ŠDG Society in carnival organisation. The HKUD Kolajna honors traditions by organising ganga festivals and klapa concerts, among others.
The KUD Imotske Golubice inherits traditional kantanje and ganga singing along with traditional costumes and customs. Progress in association work was done with the huge effort of Neda Kujundžić Turkina. The Ecological society Bunar (The Well) cares for the purity of the place, protection of nature and the environment. The special focus of this society is the Vrljika river.
Grubine is famous for Mercedes-Benz cars. This place with only a thousand people operate more than 200 Mercedes-Benz vehicles, both cars and trucks. Many residents from Grubine migrated to Germany seeking better jobs, mostly in the 1970s and then returned with new vehicles.
Krčevac Spring is located in Matkovici hamlet and is famous for its endemic olms (Čovječja ribica). The olm can be found on the Podbablje municipally coat of arms and is also the symbol of Matkovići hamlet.
A traditional folk manifestation called Žužulijada is held every summer in Žužuli hamlet where residents split into two teams - “Upper road“ and “Beneath road“, which compete in old folk disciplines.
In 2016, the “Magic Time Vinyl Festival“ was organised for the first time. This unique Croatian Festival of old record boards and music antiquities takes place on the Vrljika river bank in a special environment between vineyards and mills. The Festival lasts all day long featuring disco and dance music.
During the Independence War in Croatia, Grubine paid a large price in men. Mladen Jonjić, Vinko Žužul, Josip Žužul, Ivan Karin and Marijan Jonjić gave their lives for Croatian freedom. Their names can be found on the memorial at the “Our Lady – Queen of Croats“ church entrance, among the names of 15 fallen heroes from the Podbablje municipality.
References
Populated places in Split-Dalmatia County
Stéphane Gachet (born January 18, 1974) is a French former ice hockey defenceman.
Gachet played junior hockey for the Beauport Harfangs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League before turning professional in his native France in 1994. He played for Ducs d'Angers, Lions de Lyon, Brûleurs de loups and Yétis du Mont-Blanc. Gachet also played for the France national team in the 1998 IIHF World Championship.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Beauport Harfangs players
Brûleurs de Loups players
Ducs d'Angers players
French ice hockey defencemen
LHC Les Lions players
Sportspeople from Albertville
The Metro Rail Transit Line 7, also known as MRT Line 7 or MRT-7, is a rapid transit line under construction in the Philippines. When completed, the line will be long, with 14 stations, and the first line to have a third rail electrification. The line runs in a northeast–southwest direction, beginning at San Jose del Monte, Bulacan up to the North Triangle Common Station in North Avenue, Quezon City.
First planned in 2001 and approved in 2004, the 25-year concession agreement was signed in 2008 between the Philippine government and the project's original proponent, Universal LRT Corporation. However, construction has been repeatedly delayed due to right-of-way issues. The project was re-approved in 2013, while funding for the project was obtained in 2016. Construction on the line began the following year and is slated to open by December 2022. The project will cost an estimated ₱62.7 billion (US$1.54 billion), with additional plans are laid for capacity expansion in order to accommodate the possible increase in passenger ridership in the future.
It is integrated with the public transit system in Metro Manila, and passengers also take various forms of road-based public transport, such as buses, to and from a station to reach their intended destination.
Route
The line will start at San Jose del Monte located in Bulacan and will end at the North Triangle Common Station in Quezon City. The line is mostly elevated and erected either over or along the roads covered, with underground sections between and , and at . The rail line serves the cities that Quirino Highway, Regalado Highway, Commonwealth Avenue, and North Avenue passes through: San Jose del Monte in Bulacan, Caloocan and Quezon City in Metro Manila.
Stations
Upon completion, the line will have 14 stations along its route. Only one station, North Avenue, will serve as an interchange with the other metro lines.
History
Early planning and delays
A part of the right-of-way of the present MRT-7 project can be traced to the original MRT Line 4 proposal as part of the Metro Manila Urban Transportation Integration Study published by the Japan International Cooperation Agency in 1999. It called for the construction of a elevated railway between Recto Avenue in Manila to Novaliches in Quezon City. A branch line, which would either be an automated guideway transit or busway, would have shuttle commuters to and from San Mateo, Rizal. This proposal would be later split into MRT-7 and the MRT Line 8 proposal. The section of this route between the Quezon Memorial Circle and Novaliches became Line 7 while the rest of the proposed line became Line 8.
On August 27, 2001, an early proposal of the MRT-7 project was submitted to the Department of Transportation and Communications (now the Department of Transportation). The Investment Coordination Committee (ICC) of the National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA) first approved a version of the MRT Line 7 project in March 2004; this initial approval was provisional and contingent on the project's impact on the government's deficit reduction program. It had been submitted as an unsolicited proposal under the build–operate–transfer scheme by the Universal LRT Corporation, a consortium consisting of Alstom, EEI Corporation, Tyco Electronics, and others. NEDA subsequently authorized the $1.2 billion projects construction the following August, citing the proponents' willingness to comply with the ICC's requirements, with construction slated to begin in 2005 and a targeted opening date in 2007. In October 2004, Universal LRT Corporation signed an agreement with the Manila Banking Corporation to purchase of property in Bulacan for ₱1 billion, stating it would develop this property to complement the rail line.
Universal LRT Corporation, later renamed to now SMC-Mass Rail Transit 7 Incorporated, a subsidiary of San Miguel Corporation (SMC) was selected by the Department of Transportation and Communications to build the line in 2008. The concession agreement of the project was signed on June 18, 2008. Construction of the line should have commenced in January 2010, but was postponed several times.
In May 2012, the joint venture of Marubeni Corporation and DMCI was awarded a construction contract. However, after years of delays, SMC planned to conduct a second round of bidding in 2015, due to revised construction cost assumptions.
The current project was approved on November 21, 2013 by the NEDA board, chaired by President Benigno Aquino III, and the project was developed through a public-private partnership (PPP). It has an indicative cost of ₱62.7 billion.
The Department of Finance issued the terms of financial guarantee for the line in 2014, and financial closure for the project was achieved in February 2016. On January 22, 2016, Hyundai Rotem won the US$440.2 million contract with SMC-Mass Rail Transit 7 Incorporated to supply 108 train cars, signalling, communication and power supply systems.
Construction
Soil testing and surveying, including pre-construction related activities, were conducted in February 2016. SMC tapped the consortium of Hyundai Rotem and EEI Corporation as the engineering, procurement and construction contractor in the same year. A groundbreaking event was held on April 20, 2016, 15 years after initial development began, and was attended by President Benigno Aquino III. The line was expected to be finished by 2019, but was repeatedly pushed back because of right-of-way issues regarding the acquisition of a land for the San Jose del Monte station, depot, and the intermodal transport terminal (ITT).
More than a year after the groundbreaking ceremony was held, construction on the line officially started on August 15, 2017, and has resulted in lane closures and heavy traffic along Commonwealth Avenue and Quirino Highway, both in Quezon City. The project also includes construction of a highway from the NLEX Bocaue Interchange, up to the proposed intermodal transport terminal (ITT) located near San Jose del Monte station.
Groundbreaking for Batasan station was held on October 7, 2017, while the excavation for the underground guideway at Quezon Memorial Circle is ongoing as of November 2017. Construction of the station and rail track along North Avenue began on January 22, 2018.
Nearly two years since the start of the construction of Line 7, works at the depot commenced on November 26, 2019 according to a statement by the DOTr. After two years of court hearings and appeals to obtain a site, the original location of the depot in San Jose del Monte, Bulacan was moved to Quirino Highway in Barangay Greater Lagro, Quezon City. The relocation was found optimal for right-of-way, operational reliability, and maintenance. The depot site was approved by Tugade on June 29, 2019, and the DOTr offered to buy the property from lot owners Century Properties Group, Inc. at the current market value, which was appraised by a Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas-accredited independent property appraiser. Construction works at the depot started on May 31, 2022 after the land area was cleared.
Originally, the site in Bulacan was subject to a legal case after the property owner questioned the expropriation at the Malolos Regional Trial Court Branch 11. If it was pushed through, the cost of the project would have multiplied ninefold from ₱67.105 million to ₱598.905 million. Transport Assistant Secretary Goddes Hope Oliveros-Libiran stated that it would take forever to resolve the case and it will no longer be pursued. The case in Bulacan has prompted San Miguel to conduct a scheduled partial operation of the line from North Avenue to a station in Fairview in 2021.
In 2021, the project was realigned. Due to right-of-way issues, the original site of the Tala and San Jose del Monte station was relocated, and the guideway leading to the station itself was realigned, now passing through the Quirino Highway alignment instead of passing through Pangarap Village, which has been disputed for years.
, the project is 60% complete. The line was expected to partially open by December 2022, with full operations slated by 2023; but will be undergoing "demonstration runs" by 2023, with full operations slated by 2024-2025 instead.
Station design and layout
The stations will have a standard layout, with a concourse level and a platform level. The concourse is usually above or below the platform, with stairs, escalators and elevators leading down to the platform level. Station concourses will contain ticket booths, which is separated from the platform level by fare gates. Most stations will be designed to be barrier-free inside and outside the station, and trains will have spaces for passengers using wheelchairs.
Stations will either have island platforms and side platforms.
Rolling stock
The line will be operated with 108 rail cars in a three-car configuration. Hyundai Rotem was awarded a $440.2 million contract to supply 108 metro cars, which will be configured into 36 train sets (3 cars per train set, with plans of expanding up to 6 cars per train set). The contractual scope also includes signalling, communications, and power supplies for the metro line. All ordered trainsets have undergone the necessary testing and trials. After being stored in South Korea since 2018 due to a lack of a depot, the 108 railcars are already in the process of being shipped to the Philippines. The first batch of two three-car trainsets arrived in the country on September 6, 2021. The trains were then brought from the Port of Manila to Commonwealth Avenue and were laid on the tracks near the station from September 11 and 12. On the other hand, the trains are seen to begin test runs by April 2022. As of December 2021, six trainsets were delivered and laid on the tracks near Tandang Sora station, with the latest deliveries of two trains that were laid in November 2021. The trains were unveiled on December 16, 2021.
Depot
The line will maintain an at-grade depot in Barangay Greater Lagro, Quezon City, close to the proximity of La Mesa Watershed. The depot occupies of space and will be the center of the operations and maintenance of the line. It will be capable of handling 150 trains for future expansion of the line.
Expansion
SMC plans for MRT-7 to evolve into a network. Its main feature is a circumferential mainline comprising the present line, the Airport Access segment to the New Manila International Airport, the West Rail Link, and the Phase 2A between the Manila North Harbor and the North Avenue Common Station. Additional branches will also be built in northeastern Metro Manila and Rizal.
Phase 2A
The first proposed extension by phase number is Phase 2A, an unnamed westward extension of the line to Tutuban station via West Avenue, Quezon Avenue and Earnshaw Street before running parallel to the LRT Line 2 after Legarda station. This is similar to an earlier proposal under review, MRT Line 8, under the Philippine National Railways, that has proposed technical specifications identical to the MRT-7. Depending on the deliberations and pending approvals, the two lines may coexist or may be merged.
Phase 2A stations
Phase 2B (West Rail Link)
Phase 2B is dubbed the West Rail Link project. It will be an airport rail link to the New Manila International Airport and traversing the northwest coast of Metro Manila, in similar fashion to the Clark–Buendia Airport Limited Express of the North–South Commuter Railway. It will host express train services and aims to connect the NMIA and Metro Manila within 20 minutes. Thus, it will only have three stations: C2 in Manila, C4 in Navotas, and NMIA. The length of the segment is yet to be determined.
Phase 3 (Airport Access)
With the depot underway, San Miguel Corp. has plans to extend the line further to Bocaue, Bulacan, replacing the planned six-lane highway, which aims to be connected to the North Luzon Expressway. The extension will improve access to Ciudad de Victoria complex, where the Philippine Arena will be within its vicinity. The line will also connect Metro Manila with the New Manila International Airport, adding to the present line to . Plans were also laid out connect the airport to the cities of Navotas, Malabon, and Manila, consisting of 19 additional stations, and will travel through the alignment of the LRT 2 Western Extension and the planned MRT 8, before traversing to West Avenue, and finally connecting the planned extension line to the North Triangle Common Station.
This segment shall be operated together with the Philippine National Railways.
Phase 4A (Southeast Alignment)
Phase 4A involves the construction of an extension from D. Tuazon station of Phase 2A to Taytay, Rizal. Excluding D. Tuazon, it will have 10 stations running on a northwest-southeast alignment. This project is also similar to the MRT Line 4 monorail, except it will run on the same heavy rail standard as the rest of the Line 7 network. It will also traverse areas north of Gilmore station towards Quezon Avenue.
Phase 4A stations
Phase 4B
Phase 4B involves the construction of a spur line between Ortigas Center and V. Mapa station of LRT Line 2. Excluding Meralco Avenue station and V. Mapa, it will have 6 stations traversing a U-shaped right of way.
Phase 5 (Katipunan spur)
Plans were also laid out for a additional spur line, known as the MRT 7 Katipunan Spur Line, that aims to connect the line from Tandang Sora station to the LRT Line 2 at Katipunan and Marikina stations; the U.P. Town Center, the Ateneo de Manila University, the Riverbanks Center, and the MRT 4 Cainta Station. The project also consists of 8 additional stations, and will connect areas within Quezon City, Marikina, the eastern parts of Pasig, and Cainta, Rizal. The proposed spur line will traverse through the University of the Philippines Diliman complex, Katipunan Avenue, Aurora Boulevard, Andres Bonifacio Avenue, Sumulong Highway, Mayor Gil Fernando Avenue, and Felix Avenue.
Phase 5 stations
References
External links
R
Proposed public transportation in the Philippines
Rail transportation in Metro Manila
Transportation in Bulacan
This is a list of defunct airlines of Indonesia including the Dutch East Indies and Netherlands New Guinea.
See also
List of airlines of Indonesia
List of airports in Indonesia
References
Indonesia
Airlines
Airlines, defunct
Oxlip is an unincorporated community in Isanti County, Minnesota, United States. The community is located within Spencer Brook Township and Bradford Township.
The community is located at the junction of Isanti County Road 5 and Roanoke Street NW. State Highway 47 (MN 47) is nearby. Oxlip is located west of Isanti and near Bradford.
References
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
Katsumura (written: 勝村) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese actor
, Japanese actress
, Japanese mixed martial artist
Japanese-language surnames
Tebbs is a name. Notable people with this name include:
Barry Tebb
Betty Tebbs (1918–2017), English activist
Francis Tebbs Havergal (1829–1890)
James Tebbs (1878–1901), English football player
Reginald Tebbs (1908–1973), English cricket player
Tebbs Lloyd Johnson (1900–1984), British speed-walker
William H. Tebbs (1821–1866), American politician
Sophie Tebbs (1998-Present), Aspiring structural engineer
The Gower Ornithological Society is a society for professional and amateur birdwatchers covering the geographical areas of south Wales comprising Gower, Swansea, Neath and Port Talbot.
Foundation and membership
The Gower Ornithological Society was founded in 1956 and offers a programme of meetings for birdwatchers in the areas mentioned above. The society has its own website on which members and friends are encouraged to post sightings of birds in the recording area.
The emblem of the society is an oystercatcher in flight with Whiteford Lighthouse in the background. The society's membership has always been quite small, at around 100 members, but it has always been a friendly and active society.
The membership secretary of the society is currently Peter Douglas-Jones. The society also has a chairman, secretary, and treasurer. There are also two recorders of bird sightings, one for west Glamorgan and another for east Glamorgan.
Aims and objectives
The aim of the society is to promote the conservation of wild birds and help people to learn about birds.
The society also records the numbers and species of birds in the area for its annual report called Gower Birds. This report has been published annually since 1968.
The society also produces a regular newsletter and produces a checklist of birds and works with many other conservation organisations.
Many members carry out national bird surveys for organisations such as the British Trust for Ornithology and the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust.
The society also undertakes local surveys of garden, coastal, wetland and breeding birds.
Some members also carry out bird ringing projects and publish papers and articles about birds.
Events and activities
Indoor meetings are held on the fourth Friday of the month from September to March in the Environment Centre located at Pier Street, Swansea, at 7.15pm.
Field trips are arranged for members and visitors.
Details of events can be found on the society's web site, Swansea's ‘What's On' guide, the Swansea Environmental Events leaflet, or by emailing the society.
Bird recording
The Society produces Gower Birds (Adar Gwyr, in Welsh) once a year. This is a check-list of the birds recorded in the area. Records are collated by the Society Recorder, who can be contacted through the Society, and are sought for: all rare and scarce species; any new records; all breeding records; bird counts: waders and wildfowl, wintering flocks, gull roosts, migrating birds, seabird numbers of common species; details of ringed birds; escapes and releases, with any notes that may be relevant to their origin, such as coloured leg rings, jesses, etc. and anything else of interest. Records should be submitted via Bird Track or Excel spreadsheet or on record cards, these are available from the Society & County Recorder. As a minimum, an appropriate level of description and/or photographs should be submitted on, or attached to, the record card or e-mail.
Local and scarce bird records for the area include: black-throated diver, red-necked grebe, sooty shearwater, Balearic shearwater, Leach's storm-petrel, spoonbill, pink-footed goose, garganey, European honey buzzard, red grouse, dotterel, wood sandpiper, grey phalarope, pomarine skua, long-tailed skua, Sabine's gull, ring-billed gull, yellow-legged gull, Iceland gull, roseate tern, black guillemot, little auk, long-eared owl, hoopoe, wryneck, waxwing, yellow-browed warbler, golden oriole, great grey shrike, twite and snow bunting.
Records submitted to the County Recorder are then considered by the relevant records committee: the British Birds Rarities Committee (BBRC) or the Welsh Records Panel (WRP). The Society does not publish records of any species regarded as British rarities on the list of the BBRC unless the record has been considered and accepted by the BBRC. Records should be sent to the County Recorder as soon as possible after the sighting.
There is also a blog, established for interesting bird, and other wildlife sightings, from Gower, Swansea, Neath and Port Talbot, called Gower Wildlife.
Future work
Future work includes:
Improving identification skills
Carrying out surveys for new National and Local Bird Atlases
Learning about the work of other conservation organisations
Supporting local conservation projects
References
External links
Gower Ornithological Society web site
Gower Wildlife blog
Charity Commission web page for Gower Ornithological Society
Environmental organisations based in Wales
Ornithological organisations in the United Kingdom
Natural history of Wales
Organisations based in Swansea
Ornithology in Wales
Gower Peninsula
Deh Now-e Kherabeh (, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Kherābeh; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,831, in 425 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Marinicauda algicola is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus of Marinicauda which has been isolated from the alga Rhodosorus marinus from Korea.
References
Caulobacterales
Bacteria described in 2017
London Lamar (born December 29, 1990) is an American politician. She is a member of the Democratic Party and a member of the Tennessee Senate representing district 33 since 2022. She was previously a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives from 2018 to 2022 representing District 91. During her time there, she was the youngest Tennessee State Representative in office. She was appointed to the Tennessee Senate in March of 2022 by the Shelby County Commission after fellow Democrat Katrina Robinson was expelled due to her indictment on charges of wire fraud. Lamar was sworn in on March 8th, 2022, and effectively resigned her house seat.
Education
Born and raised in Memphis, Tennessee, Lamar graduated in 2013 with her B.A. in Political Science from Saint Mary's College in Notre Dame, Indiana. She minored in Sociology and Intercultural Studies.
2018 election
Lamar defeated Doris DeBerry-Bradshaw and Juliette Eskridge in the 2018 Democratic primary. Lamar faced no opposition in the November general election.
Career
Lamar is currently the senator of District 33 in Shelby County, Tennessee after serving as the representative for District 91. She is also the president of Tennessee Young Democrats, a member of The National Organization of Black Elected Legislative Women (NOBEL Women), and a member of National Black Caucus of State Legislators. She was honored Memphis Flyer Top 20 under 30 Class of 2015 and Memphis Top 40 under 40 Class of 2017. She has sponsored 16 bills, co-sponsored 48, and co-sponsored 65 resolutions. According to her website, Lamar has a particularly strong focus on education, families, and communities.
Committees
Lamar serves as a member of the Judiciary Committee and the Energy, Agriculture and Natural Resources Committee. During her time in the state House of Representatives, she served as a member of the Local Committee, the Cities & Counties Subcommittee, the Transportation Committee, and the Safety & Funding Subcommittee.
References
Living people
Tennessee Democrats
Tennessee state senators
Saint Mary's College (Indiana) alumni
1990 births
Politicians from Memphis, Tennessee
Women state legislators in Tennessee
African-American state legislators in Tennessee
African-American women in politics
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American politicians
"Boolavogue" is an Irish ballad commemorating the campaign of Father John Murphy and his army in County Wexford during the Irish Rebellion of 1798. It was composed by Patrick Joseph McCall in 1898, the centenary of the Rebellion.
Topic
The ballad covers the victories of Father John Murphy of the village of Boolavogue in County Wexford as he led his parishioners in routing the Camolin Cavalry on 26 May 1798, to defeat the British at Oulart Hill, as well as at Enniscorthy. The Wexford insurgents fought bravely against professional troops, and were eventually defeated at the Battle of Vinegar Hill on 21 June. Father Murphy and the other leaders were hanged.
Father Murphy was a priest who at first tried to persuade people not to take part in the rebellion. He changed his opinion and became a reluctant rebel leader after soldiers burned down the homes of his parishioners whom they suspected of rebellion. The Lieutenant Thomas Bookey whose 'regiment' is mentioned in the song was the leader of the Yeoman Cavalry in the Boolavogue area.
Music
McCall, who also composed the popular ballads "Kelly the Boy from Killanne" and "Follow Me up to Carlow", wrote "Boolavogue" to the old air "Eochaill" (in English, "Youghal Harbour"). The tune had previously been borrowed for the Irish/Australian traditional song "Moreton Bay" (1830), about an Irish convict's brutal treatment in Australia, and would later be used by Seán Ó Riada as part of the film score for Mise Éire (1959). The song was inspired by songs contemporary to the events of 1798 such as "Come All You Warriors".
Liam Gaul states that "Boolavogue" is the song most closely associated with PJ McCall, and has become an anthem for Wexford. Gaul notes that "Boolavogue" was not published in any of McCall's literary works, and was first printed in the Irish Independent on 18 June 1898 under the title Fr Murphy of the County Wexford. This title was still being used when it appeared in the 1922 edition of Padraig Breathnach's Songs of the Gael. It was only later that the song became widely known as "Boolavogue".
McCall was from Dublin, but often visited Wexford, and was familiar with its history and geography. "Boolavogue" contains references to people and places that played a major part in the 1798 Rising.
References
External links
The tune as a midi file
More background to Boolavogue at Irish Music Daily
Musical description of the song, including first verse of lyrics.
Four verses of the lyrics
Songs about revolutionaries
Ballads of the Irish Rebellion of 1798
County Wexford
Irish folk songs
Irish poems
Songs written by Patrick Joseph McCall
The Dubliners songs
1898 songs
I Am Alive: Surviving the Andes Plane Crash is a 2010 television documentary recounting the tragedy of Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571 from the perspective of survivor Nando Parrado. It is a 2-hour special with reenactments of the October 13, 1972 crash and the 72-day struggle for survival that followed, including details of the trek out of the mountains by Parrado and fellow survivor Roberto Canessa. I Am Alive was produced by AMS Pictures and premiered on the History Channel on October 20, 2010. It was released for DVD on February 22, 2011.
Critical reception
Critic Linda Stasi of the New York Post awarded I Am Alive four stars, calling it "without question the finest survival documentary I have ever seen on TV."
References
External links
History.com
AMS Pictures.com
Nando Parrado's website
http://www.alpineexpeditions.net/andes-survivors.html
Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571
Mountaineering films
2010 television films
2010 films
1972 in Chile
American aviation films
History (American TV channel) original programming
American films based on actual events
Films about aviation accidents or incidents
2010 documentary films
2010s American films
Radical 59 or radical bristle () meaning "bristle" or "beard" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 62 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 42nd indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5F61
059
042
Popești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Palanga, Popești, Purcăreni and Slobozia. It also included Adunați, Bucov and Râca villages until 2003, when these were split off to form Râca Commune.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Spice, originally Sugar & Spice, was a Canadian pop and folk band based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, active from 1967 to 1973.
History
The band sprung from a Winnipeg cover band called The Griffins, which was founded in 1965 and consisted of guitarists Phil O'Connell and Ron Harder, singer Don Carrier, drummer Kenn Richard and bassist Larry Mahler. Michael Gillespie came in as the band's manager; Harder left and was replaced by Ken Lowry on keyboards. In 1967, Geoff Marin and John McInnes, from the Winnipeg band The Mongrels, joined the group. McInnes brought in his girlfriend, Kathleen Murphy, and her sisters Maureen and Aileen, all of whom were singers. The band's name was changed to Sugar & Spice, and they were signed to Franklin, an independent Winnipeg label.
In 1968, Sugar & Spice released two singles written by Randy Bachman--"Not to Return" and "I Don't Need Anything". Two others, "Day by Day" and "It's Growin'" were barely noticed, but
"Not to Return" got heavy airplay in Winnipeg and modest airplay in other markets. The band began playing shows throughout the prairies and into Ontario, beginning with the University of Manitoba's Winter Carnival.
The group's biggest hit was in 1969, with a cover of Peter Paul & Mary's "Cruel War", which sold 23,000 copies and topped the RPM Canadian Content Chart in March that year, rising to #31 on the RPM Top Singles Chart. The record was produced by Bob Burns, who hosted the Winnipeg television program Teen Dance Party. The band performed on the show, and that led to several high-profile gigs, including opening for Sonny & Cher and The Who. They also performed the song on the CJAY television show Young As You Are.
The band replaced Gillespie with new manager Frank Weiner; from there, the band would see constant personnel changes. But, in late 1969, they released another charting single, "Something to Believe", written by Russell Thornberry of The New Christy Minstrels. Thornberry also wrote the B side, "Without You Babe", which did not chart. The band headlined at the Manitoba's first rock festival the Niverville Pop Festival in the summer of 1970. Two more singles written by Bachman, "Whisper Girl Shining" and "Judith and the Windswept" also failed to chart.
By 1970, two Saskatoon musicians had joined the band--Brian Meissner and drummer Laurie Currie--and the band released two more singles, with Meissner on vocals: "Angeline" and "It's Been a Long Time". By 1971, there was one female voice left in the band and they decided to drop the 'Sugar' from their moniker. Spice released two singles written by Meissner: "Sweet Talkin' Woman" and "Strawberry Wine", which peaked at #25.
In 1972 the band relocated to Toronto, where they were briefly managed by Rush manager Ray Danniels. But they failed to find traction and disbanded in 1973.
References
Canadian pop music groups
Canadian folk music groups
Musical groups from Winnipeg
Musical groups established in 1967
Musical groups disestablished in 1973
1967 establishments in Manitoba
1973 disestablishments in Manitoba
The U3 is an underground line in Nuremberg. The line was opened on 14 June 2008. It is about long, making it the shortest in the system. The number of stations is 14. The termini are Nordwestring and Großreuth. U 3 trains are run driverless and have been since the opening of the line. U3 shares part of its route (from Rathenauplatz to Rothenburger Straße) with the older U2.
History
While the original plans of the U-Bahn network to be all called for at least three main trunk lines on their entire dedicated corridors, financial constraints and the decision not to abandon the Tramway network as had been planned at the time the U-Bahn began construction, made it clear after the construction of U2 that a third trunk line would be economical only if the Tram network was abandoned after all. A political consensus emerged to keep the Tram network, but still expand the U-Bahn system, if a bit slower and more moderately. Therefore, it was decided to use parts of existing tunnels for the U3 instead of building an entire dedicated tunnel. However, as it was deemed impossible to reduce the frequency and the existing signalling system was at its limits along the line U2, the decision was taken to automate the existing line to allow for higher throughput. The new U3 thus opened as the first fully automated U-Bahn in Germany and has been fully driverless from its first day of commercial operations. The U2 was automated in the following two years whereas U1, the oldest and longest line in the system and the only one to operate outside the municipal boundaries of Nuremberg is still fully driver operated. U3 which forms a rough C-shape with both branches lying to the West of downtown has been extended twice on its northern branch, first in 2011 with the two new stations Kaublachplatz and Friedrich Ebert Platz and then in 2017 with the two new stations Klinikum Nord and Nordwestring. The 2011 extension of the northern branch of the U3 led to the - to date - last major permanent shutdown of service on part of the Nuremberg tramway network, as service thru Pirckheimer Straße was shut down (while the rails and overhead wiring remained as a backup in case of closures on other routes) due to the potential of one line "cannibalizing" the ridership of the other. An extension of the southern branch towards Großreuth was opened on 15 October 2020. Further extensions are under construction along the southern branch of U3.
Planned extensions
Out of all Nuremberg U-Bahn lines, U3 is the youngest and the only one with extensions currently under construction. After the northern branch reached an endpoint for the time being at Nordwestring in May 2017, construction is ongoing along the southern branch. An extension west towards Großreuth bei Schweinau was opened on 15 October 2020. Further extensions towards Kleinreuth bei Schweinau and Gebersdorf are already under construction. There is a longstanding plan to use part or all of the old Bibertbahn right of way for further extensions. An expansion of the Northern branch is not planned as of 2018 but variously debated and suggested politically.
Stations
Operations
During the rush hour peak, trains on U3 leave every 3 1/3 minutes (200 seconds) which overlaps with U2 to a 100-second headway between Rathenauplatz and Rothenburger Straße. There is no service at night (roughly between 1 AM and 5 AM) not even on weekends. A few trains beginning on the U3 branches (Nordwestring and Großreuth) are routed to the U2 branch instead (Röthenbach and Airport respectively) and vice versa.
Opening dates
28 January 1984: Plärrer ↔ Rothenburger Straße (as part of U2)
23 September 1988: Plärrer ↔ Hauptbahnhof (as part of U2)
24 September 1990: Hauptbahnhof ↔ Rathenauplatz (as part of U2)
14 June 2008: Gustav-Adolf-Straße ↔ Rothenburger Straße (opening of U3)
14 June 2008: Rathenauplatz ↔ Maxfeld (opening of U3)
11 December 2011: Maxfeld ↔ Friedrich-Ebert-Platz
22 May 2017: Friedrich Ebert Platz ↔ Nordwestring
15 October 2020: Gustav-Adolf-Straße ↔ Großreuth bei Schweinau
Rolling stock
Due to having relied on automatic operation from day one, U3 has only ever had the VAG Class DT3 rolling stock, which was designed for automatic operation. The VAG Class G1 currently in use on U1 is capable of both automatic and manual operation and could in the future be used on U3 but isn't as of 2022.
See also
Nuremberg U-Bahn
U1 (Nuremberg U-Bahn)
U2 (Nuremberg U-Bahn)
Nuremberg S-Bahn
S1 (Nuremberg)
S2 (Nuremberg)
S3 (Nuremberg)
S4 (Nuremberg)
References
Nuremberg U-Bahn lines
de:U-Bahn Nürnberg#Liniennetz
Since early ages, Coimbra developed into an important cultural centre, firstly due to the school founded in 1131 in the Santa Cruz Monastery, essential on medieval times and a meeting point for the intellectual and power elites, where famous medieval figures studied, like Saint Anthony of Lisbon. Later the city saw its educational and cultural importance greatly improved because of the establishment of the University of Coimbra which was founded in the 13th century in Lisbon, was moved in 1308 for the first time to Coimbra and was settled definitely in the city in 1537. For this old tradition in education, Coimbra is called A cidade dos estudantes (The city of the students) and Lusa-Atenas (Lusitanic-Athens, after Athens in Greece), because it is a center of culture and erudition, as well as the site of the oldest university which turned Coimbra into a noted university town.
Basic and secondary education
The city has a large number of public and private basic and secondary schools, among these some of the best-ranked in the country, like Escola Secundária Infanta D. Maria (public) and Colégio Rainha Santa Isabel (private), as well as several kindergartens and nurseries.
The state-run secondary schools and 2nd and 3rd cycle of basic education schools in the municipality of Coimbra are the following:
Escola básica dos 2º e 3º ciclos Dra. Maria Alice Gouveia
Escola básica dos 2º e 3º ciclos de Inês de Castro
Escola básica dos 2º e 3º ciclos de Taveiro
Escola básica dos 2º e 3º ciclos de Ceira
Escola básica dos 2º e 3º ciclos da Pedrulha
Escola básica dos 2º e 3º ciclos de Eugénio de Castro
Escola secundária de D. Duarte
Escola secundária de Jaime Cortesão
Escola secundária de Avelar Brotero
Escola secundária com 3º ciclo do ensino básico de D. Dinis
Escola secundária Infanta D. Maria
Escola secundária com 3º ciclo do ensino básico da Quinta das Flores
Escola básica dos 2º e 3º ciclos de S. Silvestre
Escola básica dos 2º e 3º ciclos de Martim de Freitas
Escola secundária de José Falcão
Escola básica dos 2º e 3º ciclos do Poeta Manuel da Silva Gaio
There is also the Coimbra Hotel and Tourism School.
Tertiary education
Public university
The University of Coimbra, a public university, is one of the oldest universities in continuous operation in Europe and the world, the oldest university in Portuguese-speaking countries, and one of the largest higher education and research institutions of Portugal. It is organized into eight different faculties according to a wide range of fields, granting all the highest academic degrees in architecture, education, engineering, humanities, law, mathematics, medicine, natural sciences, psychology, social sciences and sports. It is among the Portuguese higher education institutions with the highest selectiveness and the largest number of applicants every year. It demands high entrance exam scores for admission into a large number of its most reputed departments.
Public polytechnic
The Instituto Politécnico de Coimbra (Polytechnical Institute of Coimbra), a public institution of polytechnic higher education in Coimbra, has been in operation since 1988, although some of its current schools were providing degrees independently since the 1970s, and even before some were technical or vocational schools (for instance, the agriculture school - Escola Superior Agrária de Coimbra - whose origins can be dated back to the 19th century, or the current engineering institute - Instituto Superior de Engenharia de Coimbra - formerly an industrial school of intermediate education in operation between 1965 and 1974). It comprises several autonomous schools in engineering, education, accountancy, and agriculture, whose entrance and teaching requirements were less demanding than the University of Coimbra's until the adoption of several new selective admission criteria in 2005 (access rules to state-run institutions have enforced minimum grades of 95/200 in the national access examinations for all students nationwide) and a number of gradual changes in the Portuguese higher education initiated in 1998 - particularly the right to start providing licenciatura degrees like the universities, the enforced minimum grades in the access examinations since 2005, and finally, a gradual shift towards the Bologna process in 2006 and 2007. Its schools currently have a number of reputed courses which are as selective or popular as certain average department's courses of the University of Coimbra, and in general they are allowed to award comparable degrees in some fields, excluding doctorate degrees.
Other institutions
The Escola Superior de Enfermagem de Coimbra, a public nursing school providing degrees since the 1990s, but whose origins as a nursing and health training school can be dated back to the early 20th century, is other state-run learning institution in the city.
There are also private higher learning schools and institutes such as the Instituto Superior Miguel Torga, the Instituto Superior Bissaya Barreto, the Escola Universitária das Artes de Coimbra, and the Escola Universitária Vasco da Gama, which are not generally considered as prestigious as the old university, but some are noted for awarding degrees in fields not offered by it.
The city hosts also a regional branch of the Aberta University "Open University", a state-run institution of distance education.
The long history and reputation of the University of Coimbra caused several newer public and private institutions of higher education created after 1974, to unofficially attach themselves to the good name and notability of the historical old university in order to boost its marketing efforts and promote their image among potential students interested for studying in the city. This also happened with a few degrees offered by the old university itself which were never particularly reputed neither for strict selectiveness nor distinctive teaching standards (like, for example, UC's degrees in mining and geological engineering which were discontinued in the early 2000s due to lack of curricular academic integrity).
Student traditions
Born in the old University of Coimbra, the Festa das Latas and the Queima das Fitas are two important student festivities in the city, and are part of the praxe académica (academic praxis) of Coimbra.
In general, almost all students from the different public and private institutions present today in the city, adopt and internally adapt the traditional student rituals and celebrate the festivities born in the ancient University of Coimbra (UC) like the praxe académica and the Queima das Fitas which are yearly organized by UC's students. Non-UC students are invited to participate in the UC's public parties like Queima das Fitas and Festa das Latas parades through the streets of the town and in addition have their own adaptations for the rituals that are performed independently by school/institute.
See also
Education in Portugal
The Arabian scad (Trachurus indicus) is a species of jack mackerel from the family Carangidae which is found in the Western Indian Ocean.
Description
The Arabian scad has an elongated and slightly compressed body with the upper and lower profiles being roughly equal. The eye is moderately large and has a well-developed adipose eyelid which normally covers almost all of the eye apart from a vertical oval with the pupil in the centre. It has a reasonably wide upper jaw which extends to underneath the forward anterior edge of the eye. The mouth is equipped with small teeth, having a single row in each jaw. It has two separate dorsal fins, the first having 8 spines with the second having a single spine and 28 to 35 soft rays. The anal fin has 2 detached spines to its front followed by a single spine and 24 to 30 soft rays. The pectoral fins are as long or longer than the length of the head. The scales in the lateral line and large and form scutes. It has a black spot on the upper margin of the operculum and the upper part of the body is dark dusky to almost black or greenish to bluish while the flanks and belly are silvery to white. The fins are not coloured It grows to a maximum total length of .
Distribution
The Arabian scad is found in the western Indian Ocean from the Red Sea and Somalia through the Persian Gulf east as far as Pakistan and south to the Saya de Malha Bank. It was recorded in the Mediterranean Sea for the first time off Turkey in the 2000s, probably having come through the Suez Canal as a Lessepsian migrant from the Red Sea.
Habitat and biology
The Arabian scad is a semi-pelagic, demersal fish which forms schools in nearshore waters at depths between , but mostly frequently recorded in waters of less than depth. It apparently is not recorded where the water temperature is below or where the saturation level of oxygen is less than 30%. Sexual maturity is reached in the fish's first year of life when it attains a length of . In the seas off Oman, however, sexual maturity was attained at about in total length for males and for females. Spawning takes place in the Gulf of Oman from August to November, peaking during September and October. They reach is at least seven years of age and the estimated generation length is three and a half years. Its diet consists largely of fish fry and small crustaceans.
Fisheries
The Arabian scad is caught as bycatch in some fisheries and is often discarded due to its low market value. It, and two congeneric species, are targeted by purse seine fisheries in the Gulf of Suez, while in Somalia it is targeted by subsistence and artisanal fisheries.
Taxonomy
Trachurus indicus was described in 1966 by the Soviet ichthyologist V.V. Nekrasov as the subspecies indicus of Trachurus mediterraneus with the type locality given as the Gulf of Aden. It is now considered a valid species.
References
Trachurus delagoa
Fish described in 1970
John Elliot Hart (April 4, 1824 – June 11, 1863) was an officer in the Union Navy during the American Civil War. He died in June 1863 on board his ship USS Albatross while taking part in the Union attempt to blockade the Mississippi River. He is best known for the unusual circumstances of his burial in Louisiana, which the town of St. Francisville, Louisiana, commemorates every year in a three-day festival called "The Day the War Stopped."
Early life
Hart was born in 1824 in New York City to a family with 200-year roots there. His father was Benjamin Franklin Hart and his mother was Sarah Ann Copp. The family had a strong Navy tradition. His grandfather John Elliot Copp, for whom he was named, and his uncle Ezekiel Bishop Hart were both killed serving in the Navy during the War of 1812.
He moved to Schenectady, New York, in the 1850s, and in 1855 he married Harriet "Hattie" Van Vorst, the mayor's daughter. They had one surviving child, Abraham Elliot Hart, as well as a son and daughter who died in infancy. In 1857 he joined the local Masonic lodge and rose to the rank of Master.
Naval career
Hart was appointed a midshipman in the Navy on February 2, 1841. He served in the Brazil Squadron aboard USS Marion and USS John Adams, and in 1846 he circumnavigated the globe aboard USS Constitution. In late 1846 he was admitted to the newly opened United States Naval Academy and graduated as a Passed Midshipman in the class of 1847.
He served on various ships including USS St. Lawrence, USS Michigan, and USS Jamestown. While serving on Jamestown he was promoted to Lieutenant. He took a leave of absence in the late 1850s, then served in the Mediterranean aboard USS Iroquois.
Following the outbreak of the Civil War he served aboard USS Vincennes, and was part of the West Gulf Blockading Squadron on the Mississippi River under Admiral David Farragut. He was appointed a Lieutenant Commander on July 16, 1862. In August 1862 he was transferred to the gunship USS Albatross, and in October 1862 he was put in command of Albatross when the captain was relieved of his post. The Albatross and other ships engaged two Confederate steamers in the Red River near Fort DeRussey on May 4, 1863. It was later claimed that Albatross had shelled St. Francisville under Hart's command, but no such incident can be found in the ship's log, and the historic shelling of St. Francisville actually took place in January 1864, six months after his death.
Death and burial
In June 1863, while Albatross was stationed above Port Hudson, Louisiana, he contracted yellow fever. A few days later he became delusional, and on June 11, 1863, he committed suicide in his cabin with his own revolver. He was officially listed as "killed in battle."
His officers were unable to send his body home to Schenectady for burial, and knowing he would wish a Masonic burial, Executive Officer Theodore B. Dubois went ashore under a flag of truce to ask if there were any Masons in the area who would conduct a funeral. They were put in contact with Confederate Army Captain William Walter Leake, a company commander with the 1st Louisiana Cavalry, who was home on furlough. Leake was Senior Warden of Feliciana Lodge No. 31 in the nearby town of St. Francisville, and he made arrangements for Hart to be buried at Grace Episcopal Church there. A truce was arranged so that the Union officers could bring his body ashore, attend the funeral, and return to their ship to resume their blockade. A joint party of Union and Confederate officers, all Masons, participated in the funeral on June 12, 1863. The pastor of Grace Church, Rev. Daniel S. Lewis, conducted an Episcopal service, and Leake as acting Master of the lodge led the Masonic service.
Leake, who later became Master of the St. Francisville lodge, maintained Hart's grave and decorated it with flowers for the next 49 years, until his own death in 1912. Leake was buried near Hart, and the two former enemies are commemorated with a single marble slab, placed in 1955 by the Grand Lodge of the State of Louisiana and "dedicated to the universality of Freemasonry."
In 1906 Hart's son Abraham Elliot Hart, who had been 7 when his father died, learned from his mother about his father's burial by a Confederate officer. The son, who went by the name A. Elliot Hart, wrote to Leake, who still lived in St. Francisville, to thank him for his service to his fallen father. He said he had only then learned about it and that Leake's kindness had made a profound impression on him.
Frank Karwowski, the historian of the Masonic lodge in Schenectady, became interested in the story and began researching it. In 1999 he and the St. Francisville lodge cooperated in staging a reenactment of the truce and burial, billed as "The Day the War Stopped;" the tradition has been continued annually in June ever since. It is now a three-day festival with lectures and a parade in addition to the re-enactments. Karwowski himself plays Hart for a talk on Friday night and Hart's second-in-command Dubois for the funeral re-enactment on Saturday. Members of the St. Francisville lodge portray Leake; past portrayers have included a U.S. Congressman and Leake's great-great-grandson. During the 2000s Karwowski began to contact descendants of Hart and Leake, inviting them to attend the re-enactment weekend, and several have done so, particularly in 2013 for the 150th anniversary of the event.
Namesake
USS Hart (DD-110) was named for him and his uncle Ezekiel B. Hart.
References
External links
John E. Hart Letters, 1861-1863 MS 392 held by Special Collection & Archives, Nimitz Library at the United States Naval Academy
The Day the War Stopped, at exploresouthernhistory.com
Union Navy officers
United States Naval Academy alumni
People of New York (state) in the American Civil War
Military personnel from New York City
Military personnel from Schenectady, New York
American Freemasons
1863 deaths
1824 births
Suicides by firearm in Louisiana
American military personnel who committed suicide
People from St. Francisville, Louisiana
1860s suicides
Savage is the sixth studio album by British pop duo Eurythmics, released on 9 November 1987 by RCA Records.
The album peaked at number seven on the UK Albums Chart and has been certified Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for shipments in excess of 300,000 copies.
Background
Following the much more mainstream commercial content of their previous two albums, Savage saw Eurythmics "turn sharp left" (as band member Dave Stewart put it), returning to the much more experimental sound that their early albums incorporated. Produced in France (recorded at Chateau de Dangu in Normandy and mixed at Grande Armée Studios in Paris), the album made heavy use of the NED Synclavier digital sampling keyboard. The only other musician working on the recordings with Stewart and Annie Lennox was drummer Olle Romo, who handled much of the Synclavier programming. Lennox brought more of a feminist focus to her lyrics which was made more evident by the accompanying video album, which featured a video for each song.
Release and reception
Although the album was not as commercially successful as the duo's previous two albums, it reached the top 10 in the United Kingdom, spawned three UK top-30 singles, and has been certified Platinum. It was less successful in the United States, where it peaked at number 41.
On 14 November 2005, Sony BMG repackaged and released most Eurythmics' back catalogue (including Savage) as deluxe edition reissues. Each of their eight studio albums' original track listings were supplemented with bonus tracks and remixes.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Savage.
Eurythmics
Annie Lennox
David A. Stewart
Additional musician
Olle Romo – programming
Technical
Fred DeFaye – recording engineering; mixing engineering
Alan Moulder – lead vocal recording
Claude Pons – mixing engineering assistance
Manu Guiot – additional recording ; mixing engineering
Serge Pauchard – mixing engineering assistance
David A. Stewart – production
Artwork
Alastair Thain – sleeve photography
Laurence Stevens – sleeve design
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
Bibliography
1987 albums
Albums produced by David A. Stewart
Avant-pop albums
Eurythmics albums
RCA Records albums
The Africa Team Table Tennis Championships is a Tournaments organized by the African Table Tennis Federation (ATTF) To Crown Africa Best Table tennis Nations.
Medalists
References
External links
African Table Tennis Federation (ATTF)
African championships
Table tennis in Africa
Recurring sporting events established in 1962
Juri Judt (born 24 July 1986) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder or right-back.
Club career
Judt was born in Karaganda in the former Soviet Union.
In April 2016, with his Rot-Weiß Erfurt contract running out, he announced he would retire from professional football at the end of the season. At the beginning of the 2016–17 season, he played a few matches for lower league side SV Seligenporten but stopped playing in August.
International career
Judt represented the Germany national under-21 football team on four occasions.
Personal life
Judt plays amateur football for local side FC Bayern Kickers Nürnberg.
References
External links
Juri Judt at official FCN website
1986 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
German footballers
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
1. FC Nürnberg players
1. FC Nürnberg II players
RB Leipzig players
1. FC Saarbrücken players
FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt players
SV Seligenporten players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Germany under-21 international footballers
Kazakhstani people of German descent
Citizens of Germany through descent
Kazakhstani emigrants to Germany
Russian and Soviet-German people
The Bătarci () is a left tributary of the river Batar in Romania and Ukraine. It discharges into the Batar in Kholmovets, Vynohradiv Raion.
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Zakarpattia Oblast
Rivers of Satu Mare County
Margaret Cecil, Lady Brown (1698 - 13 February 1782) was an English gentlewoman and sponsor of concerts who is best remembered for her enmity to the composer George Frideric Handel. The subject of their antagonism was taken up in poems of the period.
Margaret Cecil was born in 1698 to Robert Cecil and Elizabeth Meynell. Her father, who was ‘commonly called fat Cecil', served as a member of parliament. Her mother was the heir of Meynell Langley. Her brother Charles Cecil was the Bishop of Bangor.
References
1782 deaths
1698 births
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
The Taiwan vivid niltava (Niltava vivida) or small vivid niltava is a bird in the family Muscicapidae. The species was first described by Robert Swinhoe in 1864. It is endemic to Taiwan. The Chinese vivid niltava (N. oatesi) of the Asian mainland, which is larger in size, was formerly considered conspecific. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The Taiwan vivid niltava is a medium-sized (16 cm) member of the Old World flycatcher family, has a deep purplish blue on the head, back, tail and lesser wing coverts, and bright rufous orange below. Its throat, face, wings and iris are black as are its legs and bill. The female is olive brown overall, lighter below, with a light buffy throat and greyish-brown crown and nape. As do many members of its family, the small vivid niltava bears distinct rictal bristles at the base of its bill.
References
Taiwan vivid niltava
Taiwan vivid niltava
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic birds of Taiwan
Overthinking with Kat & June is an American comedy series, created by Mackenzie Yeager, that premiered on December 19, 2018, on YouTube Premium. The series stars an ensemble cast featuring Alexia Dox, Tenea Intriago, Sasheer Zamata, Blake Lee, Elizabeth Hinkler, Emily Hinkler, Burl Moseley, Madeleine Byrne, Montana Roesch, Justin Kirk, Kelli Goss, Jessika Van, Aaron Takahashi, Kevin Bigley, Nick Fink, Stephen Ellis, Constance Marie, David L. King, and Amanda Foreman.
On March 25, 2019, YouTube Premium cancelled the series after one season.
Premise
Overthinking with Kat & June is about "the birth of a strange but beautiful female friendship, the hopes, dreams and fears — but mostly fears — of the duo are heard out loud."
Cast and characters
Main
Alexia Dox as June
Tenea Intriago as Kat
Sasheer Zamata as Tiff
Blake Lee as Barry
Elizabeth Hinkler as Molly
Emily Hinkler as Tessa
Burl Moseley as Bobby
Madeleine Byrne as Angelica
Montana Roesch as Eve
Justin Kirk as David
Kelli Goss as Candace
Jessika Van as Astrid
Aaron Takahashi as Econ
Kevin Bigley as Kevin
Nick Fink as Tyler
Stephen Ellis as Mitch
Constance Marie as Lucinda Renoir Souza
David L. King
Amanda Foreman
Recurring
Simmi Singh as Claire
Guest
Heath Cullens as Heath the Frisbee Guy ("The Icebreaker Cometh")
Motoki Maxted as Max the Frisbee Guy ("The Icebreaker Cometh")
Jadon Cole as Cody ("The Icebreaker Cometh")
Jay Tapaoan as Larry ("The Icebreaker Cometh")
Zedrick Restauro as Tad ("The Icebreaker Cometh")
Lisa Best as Ally ("Zip, Zap, Zop")
Alexandra Mesmer as Sheila ("Shell of a Man")
Mackenzie Yeager as Ren Faire Megan ("Shell of a Man")
Episodes
Production
Development
On June 25, 2018, it was announced that YouTube had given the production, then titled Kat & June Think Stuff!, a series order for a first season consisting of six episodes. The series was created by Mackenzie Yeager who is also set to write for the series and co-showrun it alongside Jen Braeden. Executive producers for the series are set to include Shelley Zimmerman, Shauna Phelan, Yeager, and Braeden. Production companies involved with the series are expected to include AwesomenessTV. On September 20, 2018, it was announced that the series had been retitled Overthinking with Kat & June and that it would premiere in late-2018. On November 30, 2018, it was announced that the series would premiere on December 19, 2018.
Casting
Alongside the initial series announcement, it confirmed that Tenea Intriago, Alexia Dox, Emily Hinkler, Elizabeth Hinkler, Sasheer Zamata, and Justin Kirk would star in the series.
Filming
Principal photography for the series commenced on June 25, 2018, in Los Angeles, California.
Release
On November 30, 2018, the official trailer for the series was released.
Reception
In a positive review, Deciders Josh Sorokach praised the series saying, "Stream it. Absolutely stream it. Overthinking with Kat & June is not only a fresh take on the awkwardness of adult friendship but it's also a ton of fun. I understand there's no shortage of new content out there, but Overthinking with Kat & June is an absurdly funny comedy not to be missed." In another favorable critique, Metro US Andrew Husband described the series as "an occasionally surreal blend of laugh-out-loud comedy and absolute cringe. From Kat and June's frequent fantasizing about their older landlord David to the former's attempts to prepare the latter for a first date with the help of the twins Tessa and Molly, Overthinking can sometimes emphasize the "over" in its title. The thing is, it works so beautifully for this show and the kind of comedy it's trying to accomplish."
References
External links
2010s American comedy television series
2018 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
English-language television shows
YouTube Premium original series
Dustin Rowe (born September 23, 1975) an American attorney from Oklahoma who is currently serving as a justice of the Oklahoma Supreme Court. He is a former City Attorney and one-time city councilman and mayor of Tishomingo, a city of about 3,000 people in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
Education
He earned his Bachelor of Arts with honors from East Central University in 1998 and his Juris Doctor from the University of Oklahoma College of Law where he was named a Lee B. Thompson Scholar in 2001
Early political career
In October 1993, upon the resignation of a city councilor, Rowe was appointed to the Tishomingo, Oklahoma city council at the age of 18 while still a junior in high school. He was elected to the council in April 1994 and then the city council elected him mayor. He became the youngest mayor in Oklahoma history and making him one of the youngest mayors in United States history. He served as mayor for two terms.
Legal career
He is the former City Attorney for Tishomingo, and was a judge with the Chickasaw Nation.
Potential congressional run in 2012
In 2011, Rowe formed an exploratory committee to decide whether to run for Oklahoma's 2nd congressional district after sitting Congressman Dan Boren (D-Muskogee) announced his retirement in the 2012 election. Rowe's 2012 run was unsuccessful, as he finished in fourth place with only 10 percent of the vote.
Appointment to Oklahoma Supreme Court
On November 20, 2019, Governor Kevin Stitt appointed Rowe the Oklahoma Supreme Court to fill the vacancy left by Patrick Wyrick who was confirmed as a federal district court judge.
See also
List of Native American jurists
References
1975 births
Living people
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American judges
East Central University alumni
Mayors of places in Oklahoma
Oklahoma city council members
Oklahoma lawyers
Oklahoma Republicans
Justices of the Oklahoma Supreme Court
People from Tishomingo, Oklahoma
People from Ada, Oklahoma
University of Oklahoma College of Law alumni
Ciccio Barbi (19 January 1919 – 26 November 1992) was an Italian film actor.
Selected filmography
The Last Wagon (1943) - Young Friend of Toto (uncredited)
Angelina (1947) - (uncredited)
Auguri e figli maschi! (1951) - Vinicio Paciottini
Il padrone del vapore (1951) - Un alpino
Finalmente libero! (1953) - Pasquale Galli
Papà Pacifico (1954) - The Man identifying the ring
Cuore di mamma (1954) - Police Commissioner Vargas
Il seduttore (1954) - Ragionier Abele
An American in Rome (1954) - Armando, impresario (uncredited)
La campana di San Giusto (1954)
A Hero of Our Times (1955) - Employee
The Belle of Rome (1955) - Il parroco
Accadde al penitenziario (1955) - Un automobilista in lite (uncredited)
Bravissimo (1955) - Barbi - the Lawyer (uncredited)
Roman Tales (1955) - The Plump Policeman near the Stadium (uncredited)
Torna piccina mia! (1955) - Poliziotto
Guardia, guardia scelta, brigadiere e maresciallo (1956) - French Tourist
Nero's Weekend (1956) - Ancieto
Tempo di villeggiatura (1956) - The Production Manager
Porta un bacione a Firenze (1956) - Virgilio, il vigile
Peccato di castità (1956)
Parola di ladro (1957) - Impresario
Nights of Cabiria (1957) - Man on the Stage (uncredited)
The Love Specialist (1957) - The chubby 'Mangino' for the Aquila Contrada (uncredited)
Amore e chiacchiere (Salviamo il panorama) (1958) - (uncredited)
Il marito (1958) - Un amico
Domenica è sempre domenica (1958) - The Priest
Quando gli angeli piangono (1958) - L'allenatore di boxe
Rascel marine (1958) - Marine
L'amore nasce a Roma (1958) - padre di Lello
Ricordati di Napoli (1958) - The 'Taxi Girls' Manager (uncredited)
Il segreto delle rose (1958) - Davide
Arriva la banda (1959)
Fantasmi e ladri (1959)
I tartassati (1959) - Il brigadiere Bardi
Un canto nel deserto (1959)
World of Miracles (1959) - Il commendatore Berbloni
The Moralist (1959) - The Police Commissioner at 'Caracas'
La cento chilometri (1959) - The Soaked Mason (uncredited)
La nipote Sabella (1959) - The Stationmaster Nicola
Juke box - Urli d'amore (1959)
Audace colpo dei soliti ignoti (1959) - Carabiniere (uncredited)
Simpatico mascalzone (1959) - Rutilio
Roulotte e roulette (1959)
Fountain of Trevi (1960) - Tax collector (uncredited)
Everybody Go Home (1960) - Soldato
Mariti in pericolo (1960) - Avvocato
Ferragosto in bikini (1960) - Bonaccorsi assistant (uncredited)
Girl with a Suitcase (1961) - Crosia
Gli scontenti (1961) - Il medico
5 marines per 100 ragazze (1961) - Man firing Checco and Salvatore (uncredited)
Gli attendenti (1961)
Scandali al mare (1961) - Cuoco
Le magnifiche 7 (1961)
I magnifici tre (1961)
Boccaccio '70 (1962) - Engineer in the Car (uncredited)
Maciste il gladiatore più forte del mondo (1962)
Carmen di Trastevere (1962) - Vincenzo's Accomplice in Black (uncredited)
Il mio amico Benito (1962) - Sor Achille (uncredited)
I soliti rapinatori a Milano (1963)
Vino, whisky e acqua salata (1963)
Los dinamiteros (1964) - Martínez - vendedor de lencería
The Girl Who Couldn't Say No (1969) - Passenger on Train
Orazi e curiazi 3-2 (1977) - Curiazio (uncredited) (final film role)
References
External links
1919 births
1992 deaths
Italian male film actors
The factions in the Frankfurt Assembly were groups () that developed among delegates to the Frankfurt Parliament that met from 18 May 1848 to 31 May 1849 in the Paulskirche in Frankfurt am Main. They coalesced as groups of like-minded representatives started meeting, and were named after the various hostelries at which they met.
The largest factions were Casino, Württemberger Hof and the United left which was also known as the Märzverein (March association).
The United Left
The Left was at the time also called the "Wholes", and consisted of a coalition of extreme and moderate republicans.
Centralmärzverein
The Centralmärzverein was founded on 21 November 1848 with a stated goal to protect the "March achievements." It was formed out of the Donnersberg faction together with Deutscher Hof and Westendhall members (see below). The Centralmärzverein faction dominated the Rump Parliament during the last period of the revolution, and after the various uprisings of 1849 were suppressed, its many clubs were banned throughout Germany.
Deutscher Hof
Deutscher Hof was one of the original factions. Its members were left-wingers who advocated a democratic republic with universal direct suffrage and equal rights for all nationalities. Beginning in May 1849, when both liberals and conservatives were becoming disenchanted with the Frankfurt parliament and abandoning it, it dominated the Märzverein. Most of the Deutscher Hof deputies also participated in the rump parliament in Stuttgart that followed, and supported and in some cases participated in the revolutions in Baden and Saxony.
Members included Theodor Reh and Wilhelm Loewe, each of whom became President of the Assembly after having left it for more moderate groups, and also Robert Blum, Johann Adam von Itzstein, Johann Jacoby, Georg Friedrich Kolb, Franz Raveaux, Friedrich Schüler, Carl Vogt, and Franz Jacob Wigard.
Donnersberg
Donnersberg was a radical left-wing faction that split off from the Deutscher Hof faction on 17 May 1848. Members advocated revolution in order to create a popular democracy and guarantee the rights of the citizenry against the aristocracy, the bourgeoisie, and monied interests. They took the United States as their model. In contrast to the notion of a so-called Kleindeutschland (little Germany) that would exclude Austria (as eventually happened in the unification of Germany in 1871), they insisted on the right of self-determination; however, this was often interpreted as a German right to territories that had at some time been part of the Holy Roman Empire or one of its constituent states. Members of the Donnersberg faction thus insisted on the inclusion of Schleswig, Poznań, Bohemia, Moravia, and the Italian portions of Austria within a future all-German state and promoted nationalism. In November 1848, the faction reunited with the Deutscher Hof group and with the more radical members of Westendhall to form the Centralmärzverein.
The best known members were Lorenz Brentano, Carl Damm, Franz Joseph Damian Junghanns, Christian Kapp, Joseph Ignatz Peter, Gustav Rée, Arnold Ruge, Friedrich Schüler, Maximilian Werner, and Wilhelm Wolff. The group initially met at the Holländischer Hof inn, and relocated to a riverside establishment called the Donnersberg in September 1848.
Nürnberger Hof
The Nürnberger Hof faction was a more moderate offshoot of Deutscher Hof that split off in September 1848, led by Friedrich Karl Biedermann, Georg Friedrich Kolb, Gabriel Riesser, and Wilhelm Loewe. They objected to Robert Blum's policy of involvement in Austrian politics. Members of the faction were prominent in the campaign to implement the Frankfurt Constitution and in the rump parliament in Stuttgart.
The group met in the Nürnberger Hof, which was where merchants from Nuremberg stayed while attending the Frankfurt Trade Fair and was the largest such establishment in the Old City. It consisted of several medieval buildings around a central courtyard that had originally been an alley and that were unified in 1485. All but the north and south entrances was destroyed in the 20th century.
Westendhall
The Westendhall faction formed in July 1848 as a more left-wing offshoot of the centrist Württemberger Hof. The members supported the Frankfurt Constitution and were thus in effect republicans, but pragmatically lent some of their support to the position of the Casino faction, supporting hereditary monarchy in the decisive vote. They were denigrated by the Left as Linke im Frack (frock-coated leftwingers).
The group was led by Heinrich Simon and also included Gottlob Friedrich Federer, Wilhelm Heinrich Murschel, Franz Raveaux, Adolph Gottlieb Ferdinand Schoder, Jodocus Donatus Hubertus Temme, Friedrich Wilhelm Schulz, and Friedrich Theodor Vischer. They met at a hotel called Westendhall, which was located against the city walls between two stations, the Taunusbahnhof and the Main-Weser-Bahnhof. All these buildings have now been demolished.
The Liberal Center
The Centrists were also known as the "Halves" and were a coalition of moderates of the left and the right.
Casino
Casino was a moderate liberal or center-right faction founded on 25 June 1848, its members were mostly National Liberals. It was the largest faction. Members of Casino had been influential in organizing the Assembly and were influential in its work; in particular, together with Westendhall, it pushed through the proposal in the Frankfurt Constitution for a constitutional monarchy.
Members included a large number of prominent politicians: Heinrich von Gagern and Eduard von Simson, both of whom served as President of the Assembly, Friedrich Daniel Bassermann, chairman of the Constitutional Committee, and other liberals and right-wing liberals such as Hans Adolf Erdmann von Auerswald, Hermann von Beckerath, Friedrich Christoph Dahlmann, Johann Gustav Droysen, Georg Gottfried Gervinus, Friedrich von Raumer, August Hergenhahn, Felix Lichnowsky, Karl Mathy, Gustav von Mevissen, Alexander von Soiron, Georg Waitz, and Carl Theodor Welcker.
Württemberger Hof
Württemberger Hof was a center-left or left-liberal faction that formed in July 1848. Members advocated a federalized Großdeutschland (Greater Germany, including Austria) organized as a parliamentary monarchy with strong popular representation, in which government was subordinate to the parliament. Members included Carl Joseph Anton Mittermaier, who had presided over the preliminary assembly that prepared for the Frankfurt Assembly, Friedrich Karl Biedermann, Jakob Philipp Fallmerayer, Carl Giskra, Johann Friedrich Martin Kierulff, Heinrich Laube, Julius Ostendorff, Friedrich Theodor Vischer, Heinrich Wuttke, Friedrich Joseph Zell, and Adolf von Zerzog.
The group met in the Württemberger Hof, a large inn that had been erected in 1598 in the Fahrgasse, then a main artery of the Old City, as the Gasthaus Zum Goldenen Löwen (Golden Lion Inn) and renamed in 1839. The establishment was where Voltaire was detained from May to July 1753 on the orders of Frederick II of Prussia. It was demolished in 1937 as part of an urban renewal project.
Augsburger Hof
The Augsburger Hof faction formed in September 1848 as a more conservative, National Liberal offshoot of the Württemberger Hof faction, under the leadership of Carl Mittermaier and Philipp Wilhelm Wernher. Members advocated a little Germany and a hereditary constitutional monarchy, but otherwise remained substantially in agreement with the Württemberger Hof faction. The group met in the wine bar of the Augsburger Hof, an inn in Töngesgasse where merchants from Augsburg stayed during the Frankfurt Trade Fair.
In addition to Mittermaier and Wernher, members included Friedrich Karl Biedermann, August Emmerling, August Friedrich Gfrörer, Robert von Mohl, Julius Ostendorff, Gabriel Riesser, Gustav von Rümelin, Gustav von Schlör, Gustav Adolf Harald Stenzel, and Adolf von Zerzog.
Landsberg
The Landsberg faction was a moderate, somewhat left-leaning group that split off from the Casino in September 1848. Members supported strong central control with parliament playing an important role, and therefore desired stronger limitation of the powers of individual states than did other factions. They voted for constitutional monarchy. Deputies belonging to the faction included Johann Friedrich Christoph Bauer, Carl Otto Dammers, Carl Friedrich Wilhelm Jordan, Heinrich von Quintus-Icilius, and Maximilian Heinrich Rüder.
Pariser Hof
The Pariser Hof faction was a conservative offshoot of the Casino faction that was formed on 21 December 1848. Members shared most of the views of Casino, but were more strongly federalist, in particular rejecting a strong central authority and requiring the Constitution to be ratified by all the states. Deputies belonging to the faction included Carl Theodor Welcker, August Reichensperger, Johann Gustav Heckscher, and Victor Franz von Andrian-Werburg.
The group met at the Pariser Hof, a hotel in the Schillerplatz square (today An der Hauptwache, after the Hauptwache building) that was recorded as Zum Schwarzen Bock in 1709 and was where Schiller stayed in 1784 during the premiere of his Intrigue and Love. In 1809 it was rebuilt in neo-classical style and renamed Hotel à la ville de Paris, later shortened to Hotel de Paris, but was generally referred to by the German translation, Pariser Hof. The building was replaced in 1898 by a neo-renaissance edifice that housed a well known café on the first floor until it was destroyed in World War II. The site is now occupied by a 1970s commercial building and the Hauptwache S-Bahn and U-Bahn station.
The Conservative Right
This bloc consisted of conservatives who wished to maintain the rights of the aristocracy, particularly Bavarians, and Prussian hegemonists.
Steinernes Haus
The conservative faction started meeting on 6 June 1848 at the Steinernes Haus (Stone Building), a building dating to 1464 that was noticeably larger than the other medieval houses in the Old City.
Café Milani
In late September 1848, the faction moved to the Café Milani. Members advocated a little Germany organized as a voluntary federation of monarchies that would retain their own armed forces and constitutions and not be controlled by the national government, with the role of the central government restricted to issues the constituent states were unable or unwilling to deal with. Most of the members were from Austria-Hungary, Prussia, and Bavaria; they included Albert August Wilhelm Deetz, Joseph von Radowitz, and Georg von Vincke.
The Café Milani had been founded in 1848 in the Roßmarkt square by an Italian, Christian Joseph Milani; it moved to other quarters beginning in 1854 and survived until the death of Adolf Milani, the founder's son, in 1931.
References
Sources
Heinrich Best and Wilhelm Weege. Biographisches Handbuch der Abgeordneten der Frankfurter Nationalversammlung 1848/49. Handbücher zur Geschichte des Parlamentarismus und der politischen Parteien 8. Düsseldorf: Droste, 1996.
19th-century establishments in Germany
Political organisations based in Germany
Defunct political parties in Germany
Frankfurt Parliament
Street-side areas
Boat Quay
Bugis Village
Clarke Quay
Jalan Kayu
Peranakan Place
Shopping malls
Full article: List of shopping malls in Singapore
Housing estate commercial areas
Ang Mo Kio
Ang Mo Kio Neighbourhood 1 Centre
Ang Mo Kio Neighbourhood 3 Centre
Ang Mo Kio Neighbourhood 6 Centre
Ang Mo Kio Town Centre
Cheng San Centre
Chong Boon Centre
Kebun Baru Mall
Teck Ghee Square
Bedok
Bedok Mall
Bedok Neighbourhood 1 Centre
Bedok Neighbourhood 3 Centre
Bedok Neighbourhood 5 Centre
Bedok Neighbourhood 7 Centre
Bedok Neighbourhood 8 Centre
Bedok Town Centre
Eunos Grove
Bishan
Bishan Neighbourhood 1 Centre
Bishan North Shopping Mall
Bishan Town Centre
Bukit Batok
Bukit Batok Town Centre
Bukit Batok West Shopping Centre
Bukit Batok Neighbourhood 2 Centre
Bukit Batok Neighbourhood 3 Centre
Gombak Place
West Mall
Bukit Merah
Bukit Merah Town Centre
Telok Blangah Neighbourhood Centre
Tiong Bahru Plaza
Bukit Panjang
Bukit Panjang Town Centre
Fajar Neighbourhood Shopping Centre
Greenridge Shopping Centre
Choa Chu Kang
Choa Chu Kang Town Centre
Keat Hong Shopping Centre
Limbang Shopping Centre
Sunshine Place
Teck Whye Shopping Centre
Yew Tee Square
Clementi
Clementi Avenue 2 Shopping Centre
Clementi Neighbourhood 1 Centre
Clementi Neighbourhood 5 Centre
Clementi Neighbourhood 7 Centre
Clementi Town Centre
Geylang
Geylang East Central
Geylang Serai Centre
Joo Chiat Complex
MacPherson Central
Old Airport Road
Hougang
Central Place
Hougang Neighbourhood 1 Centre
Hougang Neighbourhood 3 Centre
Hougang Neighbourhood 6 Centre
Hougang Town Centre
Hougang Green Shopping Mall
Kovan City
Kallang
Bendemeer Shopping Mall
Kallang Basin Centre
Jurong East
IMM (Singapore)
Jurong East Neighbourhood 4 Centre
Jurong Entertainment Centre
Jurong East Regional Centre
Yuhua Place
Yuhua Village
Jurong West
Boon Lay Shopping Centre
Gek Poh Shopping Centre
Jurong West Town Centre
Jurong West Neighbourhood 4 Centre
Jurong West Neighbourhood 5 Centre
Jurong West Neighbourhood 9 Centre
Taman Jurong Neighbourhood Shopping Centre
Jurong Point
Pioneer Mall
Novena
Balestier Hill Shopping Centre
Pasir Ris
Elias Mall
Loyang Point
Pasir Ris Town Centre
Pasir Ris West Plaza
Pasir Ris Neighbourhood 4 Centre
White Sands Shopping Centre
Punggol
Punggol Town Centre
Punggol Plaza
Fernvale Point
Queenstown
Buona Vista Centre
Ghim Moh Centre
Holland Village
Mei Ling Heights
Queenstown Town Centre
Tanglin Halt Centre
Sembawang
Sembawang Town Centre
Sengkang
Rivervale Plaza
Rivervale Mall
Sengkang Town Centre
Serangoon
Serangoon North Neighbourhood Centre
Serangoon Town Centre
Simei
Simei Town Centre
EastPoint Mall
Tampines
Tampines Mart
Tampines Neighbourhood 1 Centre
Tampines Neighbourhood 2 Centre
Tampines Neighbourhood 4 Centre
Tampines Neighbourhood 8 Centre
Tampines Regional Centre
Century Square
Tampines Mall
Toa Payoh
600 @ Toa Payoh
Hersing Centre
Toa Payoh Neighbourhood 7 Centre
Toa Payoh Neighbourhood 8 Centre
Toa Payoh Town Centre
Woodlands
888 Plaza
Admiralty Place
Vista Point
Woodlands Mart
Woodlands Neighbourhood 3 Centre
Woodlands North Plaza
Woodlands Regional Centre
Woodlands Town Centre
Causeway Point
Yishun
Chong Pang City
Née Soon East Courtyard
Yishun Central
Yishun Neighbourhood 8 Centre
Other estates
Albert Centre
Bras Basah Complex
Changi Village
Cheng Yan Court
Chinatown Complex
Crawford Centre
Hong Lim Complex
Kitchener Complex
Potong Pasir
Rochor Centre
Tanjong Pagar Plaza
Upper Aljunied
Waterloo Centre
Zhujiao Centre
Commercial sites
Autumn Days () is a 1963 Mexican drama film directed by Roberto Gavaldón, starring Pina Pellicer and Ignacio López Tarso. It is based on the story "Frustration" by B. Traven. Pellicer received the Best Actress award at the 1964 Mar del Plata International Film Festival.
Cast
Pina Pellicer as Luisa
Ignacio López Tarso as Albino
Adriana Roel as Alicia
Luis Lomelí as Carlos
Graciela Doring as Empleada de pastelería
Hortensia Santoveña as Doctora
Eva Calvo as Cliente de pastelería
Guillermo Orea as Fotógrafo
Enrique García Álvarez as Cura
Ricardo Fuentes as Dibujante
References
1963 drama films
1963 films
Films based on works by B. Traven
Films directed by Roberto Gavaldón
Spanish drama films
1960s Spanish-language films
Mexican drama films
1960s Mexican films
Blind Rage may refer to:
Blind rage, uncontrollable, psychologically-blinding rage
Blind Rage (film), a 1978 blaxploitation film
Blind Rage (album), an album by heavy metal band Accept
Medway station was a railroad station in Medway, Massachusetts. It served the West Medway Branch (later the Millis Branch), and opened in 1861.
History
Medway station was originally part of the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad, until the line was cut back to Needham Junction in July 1938. Service to Medway was restored in 1940 when the line was extended to Bellingham Junction, but was shortly thereafter cut back to Caryville, only to be cut back further to West Medway in 1941. By 1955, ridership on the line was remarkably poor, and only a single round trip per day served the station.
Only two years after the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority was formed, service to the station was no longer available. The Town of Medway decided to not continue funding the train and the line was subsequently cut back to Millis. Just under a year later, service on the entire line past Needham Junction was discontinued, and has not returned since.
Both the tracks and the station building are long destroyed, and the only indication of former railroad service in the town is a dirt path where the railroad formerly ran.
References
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Former MBTA stations in Massachusetts
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1861
Railway stations closed in 1966
1861 establishments in Massachusetts
| prizes =
}}
John Wilder Tukey (; June 16, 1915 – July 26, 2000) was an American mathematician and statistician, best known for the development of the fast Fourier Transform (FFT) algorithm and box plot. The Tukey range test, the Tukey lambda distribution, the Tukey test of additivity, and the Teichmüller–Tukey lemma all bear his name. He is also credited with coining the term 'bit' and the first published use of the word 'software'.
Biography
Tukey was born in New Bedford, Massachusetts in 1915, to a Latin teacher father and a private tutor mother. He was mainly taught by his mother and attended regular classes only for certain subjects like French. Tukey obtained a B.A. in 1936 and M.Sc. in 1937 in chemistry, from Brown University, before moving to Princeton University, where in 1939 he received a Ph.D. in mathematics after completing a doctoral dissertation titled "On denumerability in topology".
During World War II, Tukey worked at the Fire Control Research Office and collaborated with Samuel Wilks and William Cochran. He is claimed to have helped design the U-2 spy plane. After the war, he returned to Princeton, dividing his time between the university and AT&T Bell Laboratories. In 1962, Tukey was elected to the American Philosophical Society. He became a full professor at 35 and founding chairman of the Princeton statistics department in 1965.
Among many contributions to civil society, Tukey served on a committee of the American Statistical Association that produced a report critiquing the statistical methodology of the Kinsey Report, Statistical Problems of the Kinsey Report on Sexual Behavior in the Human Male, which summarised "While much remains to be done, our overall impression of their work to date is favorable".
From 1960 to 1980, Tukey helped design the NBC television network polls used to predict and analyze elections. He was also a consultant to the Educational Testing Service, the Xerox Corporation, and Merck & Company.
He was awarded the National Medal of Science by President Nixon in 1973. He was awarded the IEEE Medal of Honor in 1982 "For his contributions to the spectral analysis of random processes and the fast Fourier transform (FFT) algorithm".
Tukey retired in 1985. He died in New Brunswick, New Jersey, on July 26, 2000.
Scientific contributions
Early in his career Tukey worked on developing statistical methods for computers at Bell Labs where he invented the term "bit" in 1947.
His statistical interests were many and varied. He is particularly remembered for his development with James Cooley of the Cooley–Tukey FFT algorithm. In 1970, he contributed significantly to what is today known as the jackknife estimation—also termed Quenouille–Tukey jackknife. He introduced the box plot in his 1977 book, "Exploratory Data Analysis".
Tukey's range test, the Tukey lambda distribution, Tukey's test of additivity, Tukey's lemma, and the Tukey window all bear his name. He is also the creator of several little-known methods such as the trimean and median-median line, an easier alternative to linear regression.
In 1974, he developed, with Jerome H. Friedman, the concept of the projection pursuit.
Statistical practice
He also contributed to statistical practice and articulated the important distinction between exploratory data analysis and confirmatory data analysis, believing that much statistical methodology placed too great an emphasis on the latter.
Though he believed in the utility of separating the two types of analysis, he pointed out that sometimes, especially in natural science, this was problematic and termed such situations uncomfortable science.
A. D. Gordon offered the following summary of Tukey's principles for statistical practice:
Tukey's lectures were described to be unusual. McCullagh described his lecture given in London in 1977:
Coining the term bit
While working with John von Neumann on early computer designs, Tukey introduced the word "bit" as a portmanteau of "binary digit". The term "bit" was first used in an article by Claude Shannon in 1948.
See also
List of pioneers in computer science
Publications
The collected works of John W Tukey, edited by William S. Cleveland
About John Tukey
Interview of John Tukey about his experience at Princeton
References
External links
Royal Society obit. by Peter McCullagh
John W. Tukey: His Life and Professional Contributions published in The Annals of Statistics
John Wilder Tukey (1915–2000) in Notices of the American Mathematical Society
Memories of John Tukey
Short biography by Mary Bittrich
"Remembering John W. Tukey", special issue of Statistical Science
1915 births
2000 deaths
People from Massachusetts
National Medal of Science laureates
Presidents of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
IEEE Medal of Honor recipients
American statisticians
Survey methodologists
Exploratory data analysis
Princeton University faculty
Princeton University alumni
Brown University alumni
Burials at Princeton Cemetery
Foreign Members of the Royal Society
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
20th-century American mathematicians
The Sobey Art Award is Canada's largest prize for young Canadian artists. It is named after Canadian businessperson and art collector Frank H. Sobey, who established The Sobey Art Foundation. It is an annual prize given to an artist 40 and under who has exhibited in a public or commercial art gallery within 18 months of being nominated. A jury consisting of an international juror and representatives of galleries from the West Coast and the Yukon, the Prairies and the North, Ontario, Quebec and the Atlantic Provinces creates a longlist of 25 artists, five from each region. The jury meets to select the winner and four other finalists, one from each region. 2017 was the first year to see the shortlist dominated by women and also the first year that more than one Indigenous artist was shortlisted.
Up to 2013, a total of $70,000 in prize money was awarded each time the prize was presented; $50,000 to the winner and $5,000 to the other four finalists. In 2014 the total was increased to $100,000 with $50,000 to the winner and $12,500 to the other four finalists. In 2017, the money awarded to longlisted artists was increased from $500 to $1,000. In 2018, the prize money increased once again, to a total of $240,000; $100,000 to the winner, $25,000 for each of the other four finalists, and $2,000 for each short-listed artist.
The award was presented biennially until 2006 at which point it became an annual award. From its inception until 2015, the Art Gallery of Nova Scotia organized and administered the Sobey Art Award and its accompanying exhibition. The National Gallery of Canada assumed responsibility for the award in 2016. In 2020, Sobey Art Foundation and the National Gallery of Canada decided to distribute the cash award among the 25 finalists rather than just one winner. This was a response to the financial hardships suffered by artists because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Winners
References
External links
Canadian art awards
Awards established in 2002
2002 establishments in Canada
Ahmed Paidayesh (, born 4 November 1947) is an Iranian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1947 births
Living people
People from Tehran
Iranian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Iran
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1974 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Guillermo Díaz (born March 22, 1975) is an American actor. He is known for films Half Baked (1998), 200 Cigarettes (1999) and Stonewall (1995). He is best known for his role as Diego "Huck" Muñoz in the drama series Scandal. Díaz has made guest appearances on Chappelle's Show, Law & Order, Weeds, ER, Broad City, and Girls.
Early life and career
Díaz was born in New Jersey to Cuban parents, and grew up in Washington Heights, Manhattan. In 1994, he landed his first speaking role as Spike in Boaz Yakin's Fresh. From there he began working on Party Girl as Leo, Parker Posey's roommate. His next role was a drag queen (La Miranda) in Nigel Finch's Stonewall. In 1996, Díaz worked in Jim McKay's Girls Town as Dylan, after which he appeared in I'm Not Rappaport.
Díaz played Paco de la Vega al Camino Cordoba Jose Cuervo Sanchez Rodriguez Jr., a high school gang member in High School High. He later appeared in Freeway as Flaco, another gang member. While in Los Angeles, he did guest spots on ER and Party of Five.
After finishing work on the West Coast, Díaz traveled back east to play a stoner named Eric in Brian Sloan's film I Think I Do. A similar role followed as Scarface in the film Half Baked. One of his co-stars was Dave Chappelle, who later cast him in several episodes of Chappelle's Show. In 1999, he landed a non-speaking role in 200 Cigarettes, and went on to act in both Ethan Hawke's directorial debut Chelsea Walls and the movie Just One Time, where as secondary characters one critic thought that he and Jennifer Esposito provided what little "comic spark" existed in the film.
Díaz played Guillermo García Gómez, a drug dealer/trafficker, in seasons 2-6 of the series Weeds. In 2009, he starred on the series Mercy, where his portrayal of the gay nurse Angel received negative criticism in online forums for being too flamboyant. In 2010, he appeared in the thriller film Exquisite Corpse.
After having portrayed several Mexican thugs (cholos), Díaz was cast in 2010 as a Latino gangster named Poh Boy in Cop Out. When asked about being typecast, he said: "I [used to worry], but not really anymore. Now I'm just grateful that I'm working. I try to make everything different."
In 2010, Díaz did a photoshoot for Pinups Magazine. The photoshoot featured full frontal nudity from Díaz.
In 2011, Díaz appeared alongside Britney Spears in a music video for the single "I Wanna Go", and took part in a scene referencing his character Scarface from Half Baked.
In 2012, Díaz began his role as Huck in the drama series Scandal.
Díaz was one of the many celebrities that acted in Beyoncé and Jay-Z's video for "Run" in 2014.
Personal life
Díaz is gay. In 2011, he told Out magazine that his rough upbringing in New York City, during which he hid his sexuality so as not to become a target, ultimately made him a better actor. He said: "I went to school in the Bronx. I learned to constantly try to cover up the fact that I was gay. That façade of being somebody I'm really not just to protect myself definitely helped with acting." He was named one of Out Magazine's 100 most influential gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgender people for 2013.
Díaz has said on multiple occasions that he is a fan of Madonna. He has been to all of her tours apart from The Virgin Tour and The Who's That Girl Tour. He also has her face tattooed on his right arm.
In November 2017, Díaz was nominated to Out magazine's "OUT100" for 2017 in recognition of his work and his visibility.
In popular culture
In 2006, he joined the cast of a series of improv-based commercials for Sierra Mist titled Mist Takes. A Spanish version of the advertisements began airing, and the bilingual Díaz also starred in those with other Latino comedians.
Filmography
Film
Television
Other media
References
External links
American male film actors
American male television actors
American people of Cuban descent
American gay actors
Hispanic and Latino American male actors
LGBT Hispanic and Latino American people
Living people
People from Washington Heights, Manhattan
1975 births
Male actors from New Jersey
Male actors from New York City
LGBT people from New York (state)
LGBT people from New Jersey
Michael Hodges may refer to:
Michael Hodges (Royal Navy officer) (1874–1951)
Michael Hodges (writer) (born 1976), American speculative fiction writer
Michael Hodges (producer), American singer-songwriter, record producer and music executive
Mike Hodges (born 1932), English screenwriter, film director, playwright and novelist
Mike Hodges (American football) (born 1945), American football player and coach
Michael Hodges (American football) (born 1986), American football coach
Umeå FC is a Swedish professional football club located in Umeå, Sweden. The club, formed in 1987, is currently playing in the third tier of the Swedish league, Ettan Fotboll. The club is affiliated to the Västerbottens Fotbollförbund.
Season to season
Players
Current squad
Notable players
Alexis Bbakka
Gbenga Arokoyo
Adam Chennoufi
Soya Takahashi
Björn-Erik Sundqvist
Karl Morten Eek
Andrée Jeglertz
Dan Burlin
Andreas Dahlén
Anthony Allison
Frane Lojić
Daniel Severino
Nicklas Maripuu
Andrew Jean-Baptiste
David Myrestam
Mohamed Kamanor
Seif Kadhim
Suad Gruda
Andreas Hermansson
Abdul Mumuni
Per Joar Hansen
Jesper Blomqvist
Tommy Lycén
Robert Mambo Mumba
Jonas Wallerstedt
Shamo Quaye
Mikael Dahlberg
Ryan Gilligan
Mikael Lustig
Francis Koroma
Brian Wake
Andriy Fedorenko
Leszek Iwanicki
Samir Šarić
Steve Galloway
Pilip Vaitsiakhovich
Dean Holness
Ivan Trubochkin
Roger Sandberg
Ibrahim Kallay
Victor Mansaray
Yann-Alexandre Fillion
Zachary Sukunda
Tim Markström
Leo Englund
Zaur Svanadze
Petter Augustsson
Omar el Baad
Attendances
In recent seasons Umeå FC have had the following average attendances:
Achievements
Division 1 Norra:
Winners (1): 1995, 2011
Runners-up (2): 1994, 1998
References
External links
Umeå FC – official site
Football clubs in Västerbotten County
Allsvenskan clubs
Sport in Umeå
Association football clubs established in 1987
1987 establishments in Sweden
58 Armoured Regiments is part of the Armoured Corps of the Indian Army.
Lieutenant General Kamal Jit Singh, PVSM, AVSM* was appointed the first Colonel of the regiment on 20 January 2015. The present Colonel of the regiment is Lieutenant General Ajai Singh, AVSM.
The Regiment had the honour of participating in the Republic Day parade in 2017 with its T-90 tanks.
The motto of the regiment is अव्वल अट्ठावन सर्वश्रेष्ठ (Avval Atthavan Sarvashrestha), which loosely translates to ‘Fifty Eight – the first and the best in its class'.
References
Armoured and cavalry regiments of the Indian Army from 1947
Hassan Yousry (born 10 May 1978) is an Egyptian handball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics and at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
1978 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Betul Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency is reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled Tribes. It covers the entire Betul and Harda districts and part of Khandwa district.
Assembly segments
Like most other Lok Sabha seats in MP and Chhattisgarh, with few seats like Durg (which has nine assembly segments under it) being exceptions, Betul Lok Sabha seat has 8 assembly seats as its segments. Presently, since the delimitation of the parliamentary and legislative assembly constituencies in 2008, Betul Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament
^ by poll
Election results
2019
2014
2009
See also
Betul district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
External links
Betul lok sabha constituency election 2019 result details
Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh
Betul district
Harda district
Doreen Wonda Johnson is an American politician serving as a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from the 5th district. Elected in 2014, she assumed office in 2015. Johnson is a member of the Navajo Nation.
Early life and education
Johnson was born in Crownpoint, New Mexico. She earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in education from Marymount University in Arlington County, Virginia.
Career
In the 2014 general election, Johnson defeated Democratic incumbent Sandra Jeff who ran as a write-in candidate after she failed to obtain sufficient signatures to qualify for the primary.
In the 2016 legislative session, Johnson served on the Committee on Compacts, the Education Committee, and the Regulatory and Public Affairs Committee.
In the 2016 primary election, Johnson was challenged by Kevin M. Mitchell, a council member of Gallup-McKinley County Schools.
References
1953 births
Living people
Members of the New Mexico House of Representatives
Native American state legislators in New Mexico
Native American women in politics
New Mexico Democrats
People from Gallup, New Mexico
Women state legislators in New Mexico
People from Crownpoint, New Mexico
Marymount University alumni
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Navajo people
The Trade Controls Bureau (TCB) authorizes, under the discretion of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the import and export of goods restricted by quotas and/or tariffs. It also monitors the trade in certain goods and ensures the personal security of Canadians and citizens of other countries by restricting trade in dangerous goods and other materials.
References
Export and import control
Export and Import Controls Bureau
Foreign trade of Canada
No Disco is RTÉ's former flagship music television programme, broadcast on Irish television channel, Network 2, from 1993 – 2003. It was presented by Donal Dineen, Uaneen Fitzsimons and, following the death of Fitzsimons, Lawrence "Leagues" O'Toole. When Fitzsimons died in a car crash in November 2000, there was a gap in programming for some months afterwards, until the series returned with O'Toole as presenter on 28 February 2001. Musicians and bands such as David Gray, The Frames, David Kitt and The Divine Comedy attribute a large portion of their success to exposure on No Disco, and these were among the thousands who lent their support to a campaign to have the show retained by RTÉ. However, the show was cancelled in 2003, in a move that caused much controversy among its viewers – at the time it was the only RTÉ show showcasing alternative music and there was no replacement show lined up to take its place. There was a repeat of this situation in December 2008 when TV 3 purchased Channel 6 and dropped Night Shift. In recent years The Last Broadcast, Other Voices, and (When) Under Ether have acted as some form of replacements for the gap that has emerged but none with the same success.
Cancellation
No Disco was suddenly cancelled by Network 2 in 2003. Thousands of people signed an online petition demanding the show be reinstated - the petition had 2,000 signatures within a week and 4,000 signatures by April of that year. Many of the signatures of support were from industry professionals, radio stations, record companies, record shops and promotion companies. Music experts within the national media, such as Tom Dunne (of Today FM at the time), Dave Fanning (2FM), Tony Clayton-Lea (The Irish Times), Jay Ahern (2FM, Vital Distribution) and Kim Porcelli (Hot Press) spoke about the central role No Disco had in bringing about significant improvements to the Irish music industry.
References
External links
Interview with Uaneen Fitzsimons
1990s in Irish music
2000s in Irish music
Irish music television shows
RTÉ original programming
Hoshangabad Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency presently covers the entire Hoshangabad district and parts of Narsinghpur and Raisen districts.
Assembly segments
Presently, since the delimitation of the parliamentary and legislative assembly constituencies in 2008, Hoshangabad Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:
Members of Parliament
Election Results
See also
Hoshangabad district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
External links
Hoshangabad lok sabha constituency election 2019 result details
Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh
Hoshangabad district
Barry Philip Jones (29 September 1941 – 13 February 2016) was the ninth Roman Catholic Bishop of Christchurch, New Zealand. He succeeded Bishop Cunneen in 2007.
Born in Rangiora, New Zealand, in 1941, Jones received his education at St Joseph's Convent Primary and St Bede's College, Christchurch. He studied for the priesthood at Holy Name Seminary (Christchurch), and at Holy Cross Seminary College, Mosgiel. He was ordained a priest on 4 July 1966, aged 24, by Bishop Ashby. On 28 June 2006 he was appointed as Coadjutor Bishop of Christchurch, and consecrated on 4 October 2006.
On 4 May 2007 Jones succeeded to the position of Bishop of Christchurch on the retirement of his predecessor John Cunneen. In 2015, he suffered a number of strokes and his health declined. He decided to step down when he turned 75. Following a heart attack, Jones died on 13 February 2016.
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy website, Bishop Barry Philip Jones (Retrieved 28 January 2011).
1941 births
2016 deaths
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in New Zealand
People from Rangiora
Roman Catholic bishops of Christchurch
People educated at St Bede's College, Christchurch
Holy Name Seminary alumni
Holy Cross College, New Zealand alumni
UrbanLab is an American architecture and urban design firm with headquarters in Chicago. Founded by Martin Felsen, FAIA, and Sarah Dunn in 2001, the office is known for its focus on sustainability, creative experimentation and a collaborative approach to buildings, spaces and cities.
Background
UrbanLab's projects range in scale from houses such as the Hennepin, Illinois, Residence, mixed-use residential and commercial buildings such as Upton's Naturals Headquarters, public open spaces such as the Smart Museum of Art Courtyard at the University of Chicago, and large scale, urban design projects such as Growing Water in Chicago and a masterplan (13 square kilometers / 5 square miles) for the Yangming Lake region of Changde, China. UrbanLab was awarded the 2009 Latrobe Prize by the American Institute of Architects, College of Fellows.
Growing Water
UrbanLab won a competition for the History Channel's City of the Future: A Design and Engineering Challenge. The competition asked architects in three cities, New York, Chicago and Los Angeles, to develop a conceptual plan for their city 100 years from now. The teams competed and a finalist for each city was named. In the final round of the competition, with the acclaimed architect Daniel Libeskind as master of ceremonies, UrbanLab was announced the national winner after a month-long online vote.
UrbanLab's project, Growing Water, starts with the assumption that in 100 years that "water will be the new oil" and envisions a Chicago that recycles 100 % of its waste water back into Lake Michigan. The project is inspired by Chicago's rich history including its boulevard system, the reversal of the Chicago River and the Deep Tunnel project. The plan calls for new boulevards to be created that would channel waste water from buildings into greenhouse and wetland systems that would clean the water and send it back the lake while creating a new network of social and recreational spaces, new parks, and corridors. These new corridors would be termed "eco-boulevards" and be spaced about every half-mile in the city.
Bowling
UrbanLab: Bowling is a new book about UrbanLab's work written by Felsen and Dunn, published by Applied Research + Design. The book explores relationships and realities between cities, architecture and water. As populations steadily increase in cities, the world's natural resources are consumed at ever-faster rates. The majority of the world's populations live in countries where clean water supplies are dwindling, and these water shortages are also quickly translating into food shortages. What can designers do to avert looming water-related realities? UrbanLab: Bowling views potential water crises as opportunities to speculate on future urban design possibilities, especially in cities. Several projects are presented that take an ecological approach to re-thinking received urban design methodologies of addressing the design of water-related infrastructures in existing and new cities.
Awards and honors
1995 Lloyd Warren Fellowship: 82nd Paris Prize, Van Alen Institute
2003 Emerging Visions Competition Prize, Chicago Architecture Club
2007 National Grand Prize, The City of the Future: A Design and Engineering Challenge, The History Channel
2007 AIA Divine Detail Award — Hannah's Bretzel
2007 Dubin Family Young Architect Award, AIA Chicago
2008 Excellence in Education Award, American Institute of Architecture Students
2008 AIA Unbuilt Design Award, Growing Water, Chicago
2009 Global Visionary by WBEZ, Chicago Public Radio
2009 Latrobe Prize, from the American Institute of Architects (AIA) College of Fellows.
2009 AIA Urban Design Award — Growing Water, Chicago
2009 AIA Distinguished Building Award — Hennepin House, Hennepin, Illinois
2010 Venice Biennale of Architecture, Archeworks at the 12th International Exhibition
2010 Emerging Voices, Architectural League of New York — lecture delivered at the New Museum
2010 Buckminster Fuller Challenge, Honorable Mention
2010 AIA Interior Architecture Honor Award — Hennepin House, Hennepin, Illinois
2011 AIA Regional & Urban Design Honor Award — Vertical Farming the Union stockyards
2012 AIA Small Project Award — Video Arcade, Merchandise Mart
2012 Venice Biennale of Architecture, the 13th International Exhibition
2013 AIA Sustainability Leadership Special Recognition Award — MoMA PS1
2014 Graham Foundation for Advanced Studies in the Fine Arts Publication Grant
2014 AIA Unbuilt Design Award, Special Recognition — MoMA PS1
2014 AIA Distinguished Building Honor Award — Morgan Street Live/Work
2014/15 MCHAP: Mies Crown Hall Architecture Prize, Nominated Work — Mohawk Residence
2015 Chicago Architecture Biennial, The State of the Art of Architecture
2016 AIA Regional & Urban Design Honor Award — Masterplan for Changde, China
References
External links
UrbanLab UrbanLab's official website
Growing Water UrbanLab's Growing Water project
Architecture firms based in Chicago
Companies based in Chicago
The Pratt Prize for Music Theatre was an award for an unperformed Australian musical. It was initiated through the Pratt Foundation in 2001 to stimulate music theatre writers and composers to create work with commercial appeal. The award originally comprised a $50,000 cash prize and a workshop valued at $30,000.
Recipients were:
2002: Sideshow Alley by Paul Keelan and Gary Young
2004: Metro Street by Matthew Robinson
2006: Awarded as commissions to Anthony Crowley and Dean Bryant & Mathew Frank
References
Australian theatre awards
Musical theatre awards
Shek Lau Tung () is a village in the Fo Tan area of Sha Tin District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Shek Lau Tung is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
See also
Kau Yeuk (Sha Tin)
References
Villages in Hong Kong
Fo Tan
John Coburn (23 September 1925 – 7 November 2006) was an Australian abstract painter, teacher, tapestry designer and printmaker.
Born in Ingham, Queensland, John Coburn moved from town to town with his mother and two younger sisters when his bank manager father went from branch to branch. His father died when the boy was 10.
While enlisted in the Royal Australian Navy during World War II, Coburn travelled around the Pacific and Indian oceans as a radio operator. He drew images from these places whilst aboard HMAS Nepal, including Sri Lanka, Papua New Guinea and others.
Coburn studied art at East Sydney Technical College in 1947. He finished his four-year training dissatisfied:
By 1955–1956 Coburn was starting to find his own style. In 1969 he told The Canberra Times :
In 1956 he joined the ABC when television came in. He specialised in set design and artwork.
Coburn taught art at East Sydney Technical College from 1959–1966 and he later became Head of the National Art School at the College for two years.
He won the Blake Prize for Religious Art twice, in 1960 and again in 1977 (shared with Rodney Milgate). In 1996 he won the Mandorla Art Award.
Major galleries in Australia have collected and displayed Coburn's works, many of which can now be found in major private and corporate collections, such as the Cbus Collection of Australian Art. For several years, two of his tapestries were hung in the Sydney Opera House, as curtains in the Drama Theatre and the (recently renamed) Joan Sutherland Theatre. Seven hang in the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, Washington D.C. His works are also displayed in the Vatican Museum, Rome.
Notes and references
External links
Coburn Art
Eva Breuer Art Dealer
Obituary in the Sydney Morning Herald
Mandorla Art Award
1925 births
2006 deaths
National Art School alumni
20th-century Australian painters
20th-century Australian male artists
Blake Prize for Religious Art winners
Royal Australian Navy personnel of World War II
Royal Australian Navy sailors
Australian male painters
Billy Mahan (1930–2002) was an American film actor. A child actor, he played the recurring role of Bobby Jones in Twentieth Century Fox's Jones Family series of films.
Selected filmography
Every Saturday Night (1936)
Educating Father (1936)
Back to Nature (1936)
The Jones Family in Big Business (1937)
Hot Water (1937)
Borrowing Trouble (1937)
A Trip to Paris (1938)
Quick Millions (1939)
Young as You Faeel (1940)
References
Bibliography
Drew, Bernard A. Motion Picture Series and Sequels: A Reference Guide. Routledge, 2013.
Holmstrom, John. The Moving Picture Boy: An International Encyclopaedia from 1895 to 1995, Norwich, Michael Russell, 1996, p. 169.
External links
1930 births
2002 deaths
American male film actors
20th-century American male actors
Karancskeszi is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
János Szentágothai FRS (31 October 1912 – 8 September 1994) was a Kossuth Prize-winning Hungarian anatomist, Professor, Member of Parliament, and President of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. Anthony G. doctor and grandson of Alexander Lumniczer (whose uncle was Schöpf size, Augustus), great-grandson of a doctor. The general assembly of UNESCO decided the year 2012 to be dedicated to honour the 100th birthday of János Szentágothai.
Biography
He was born as János Schimert, in Budapest in 1912, to Dr Gustav Schimert and Margit Antal, in a family of doctors.
He was descended from Transylvanian Saxons on his father's side and Székely on his mother's side. He was admitted to the German grammar school in Budapest in 1930, and was admitted to the Peter Pázmány University Medical School. Four brothers also studied in the same place. Doctors was inaugurated in 1936.
Family
On 7 June 1938 he married Alice Biberauer, who he met in the Pro Christo Student Association. They had three daughters, Catherine (1939), Clare (1941) and Maria Christina (1951), all three of whom entered the medical field. John Szentágothai four doctors brother lived in the United States and Germany. In his free time with pleasure fumbling with in Révfülöp weekend on the same property with plants.
Academic career
Schimert started his medical studies at the Budapest University Medical School in 1930, and was accepted in the first year by Professor Mihály Lenhossék as a research student in the Department of Anatomy. He received his MD in 1936 and continued to teach at Budapest, becoming Associate Professor in 1942. During the Second World War (karpaszományos) he was a physician, airman, and a prisoner of war. He returned in 1946. He then attended Pécs University Medical School, where he was later Head of the Anatomy Department. After the war, he resumed study of the vestibular system and dealt with the topic of neuroendocrinology. During his study at Pécs, he pursued innovative work in the field of neuroanatomy. In 1948 he was elected a corresponding member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. In 1961, he started the department of electron microscopy in brain research in Hungary.
In 1963, he returned to Budapest to lead the Semmelweis University School of Medicine Department of Anatomy. There he mainly addressed the cerebellum and functioning of the cerebral cortex. In addition, he performed experimental research on the spinal cord and brainstem reflex mechanisms. In 1967 he was elected a full member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. He headed the department until 1977, and in 1986 officially retired from teaching. Ferenc Kiss, famous for his work produced for the human anatomy atlas, drew his textbook, which was translated into thirteen languages and more than a hundred editions. He proclaimed that half the age of most of the people speaking the development of one and a half years of age, and it will need to communicate is the most important factor.
Public career
In 1956 at Pécs, he was chairman of the Revolutionary Committee of Intellectuals. He did not return to public life until 1973, when he was elected vice-president of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. Four years later he became its president and therefore left the position of University department head. In 1985, he entered parliament as a member of the Presidential Council of the Hungarian People's Republic. He was (later a member of its abolition), involved in the work of the Hungarian Democratic Forum during the transition. She was a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Szentágothai and his wife are buried in Budapest.
Main works
Eccles, John Carew, Masao Ito, and János Szentágothai. The cerebellum as a neuronal machine. New York: Springer-Verlag, 1967.
Szentágothai, János. "The modular architectonic principle of neural centers." Reviews of Physiology, Biochemistry and Pharmacology, Volume 98. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 1983. 11–61.
Szentágothai, János. Hypothalamic control of the anterior pituitary: an experimental-morphological study. Akadémiai Kiadó, 1968.
Arbib, Michael Anthony, Péter Érdi, and János Szentágothai. Neural organization: Structure, function, and dynamics. The MIT Press, 1998.
Szentágothai, János. "Synaptology of the visual cortex." Visual Centers in the Brain. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 1973. 269–324.
Awards and recognition
Kossuth Prize (1950)
I state fee degree (1970) – achievements in the functional structure of the nervous system research.
Academic Gold Medal (1985)
The Hungarian Order of Merit Cross with the Star (1992)
Fellow of the Royal Society
References
Sources
Réthelyi Nicholas John Szentágothai. In: Zs to Hungarian scientist from the lexicon. Spices. Ferenc Nagy. Budapest: Better, MTESZ; OMIKK. 1997th 762–764. P..
Bela Flerkó John Szentágothai. Budapest: Academic Press, 1998th (The last Hungarian scientists)
Bela fisherman John Szentágothai (1912–1994), In: Famous Hungarian doctors. Eds. Kapronczay Charles E. Water New Year's Eve. Bp: Galen, 2000, 126–131.
Réthelyi Nicholas John Szentágothai. In: National anniversary 2012th Editor: John Eston. Bp: Balassi Institute, 2012. 5–8. (PDF format. Anniversary National 2012)
Hungary nagylexikon XVI. (Sel-Sat). Spices. Lamb Lászlóné. Budapest: Hungarian Grand Lexicon. 2003rd 644 of P..
Choice – Parliamentary Almanac 1990, Budapest: Local Propaganda and Publishing Company, 1990, 233 old.
1912 births
1994 deaths
Hungarian neuroscientists
Members of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Hungarian Democratic Forum politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1985–1990)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1990–1994)
Semmelweis University faculty
Foreign Members of the Royal Society
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Foreign Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Foreign Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Hendrika Wilhelmina Bernardina "Mien" van Itallie-van Embden (22 October 1870 - 6 September 1959) was a Dutch lawyer and politician who served as a member of the House of Representatives from 1928 until 1933 for the Free-thinking Democratic League (VDB).
She was active in the women's rights and peace movements. From a young age she was a member of the Vereeniging voor Vrouwenkiesrecht, of which she became a leading figure in 1900. She married Leopold van Itallie in 1894, after which she was known as Mien van Itallie-van Embden. By 1911, she was on the board of the VDB, one of two female board members, Betsy Bakker-Nort being the other. In 1915 she was elected on the board of the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom.
On 18 September 1928 she became a member of the House of Representatives for the VDB, taking the seat of Simon van Aalten who had died, and joining Bakker-Nort as the party's second female member of parliament. She maintained her seat after the 1929 general election. She often argued the case for dewaponisation and improvements for women.
Prior to the 1933 general election she decided not to put herself up on the VDB's candidate list. She was disillusioned with parliament's endless finance discussions following the Great Depression, hindering the ability to achieve the reforms she envisioned. She said an agricultural expert should take her place.
During the Second World War she and her husband were imprisoned by the Nazis in concentration camps in Barneveld, Westerbork, and Theresienstadt.
References
Sources
1870 births
1959 deaths
People from The Hague
Dutch politicians
1920s in the Netherlands
1930s in the Netherlands
James Unsworth (4 March 1844 – 1 January 1893) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm roundarm bowler who played for Lancashire.
Unsworth was born in the Everton district of Liverpool. His early club cricket career was spent with Everton Cricket Club in 1865, before he moved on to Anfield Club, New Brighton and Huyton - where he spent nine years.
Unsworth made two first-class appearances for Lancashire during 1871. He scored 2 and 23 on his debut against Kent, taking three wickets in the first innings in which he bowled. In Unsworth's second and final appearance, he scored a duck in a ten wicket victory for Lancashire.
Following the close of his first-class career, he became a landlord. He died in Warrington, Lancashire.
External links
James Unsworth at Cricket Archive
1844 births
1893 deaths
English cricketers
Lancashire cricketers
Cricketers from Liverpool
Samraŏng () is a district located in Takéo province, in southern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 101,455.
Administration
As of 2019, Samraŏng has 11 communes, 147 villages.
See also
Phnom Chisor, an Angkorian site located in Samraŏng District
References
Districts of Takéo province
Fort Supply may refer to:
Fort Supply (Oklahoma), a former US military post (1868–1895)
Fort Supply, Oklahoma, a town in Woodward County, Oklahoma
Fort Supply Lake, a lake in Woodward County, Oklahoma
Fort Supply (Utah Territory), a former Mormon settlement (1853–1857) in modern-day Wyoming
Carenum viridissimum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1888.
References
viridissimum
Beetles described in 1888
Yorgos Avgeropoulos (; born 1971) is a Greek journalist and documentary filmmaker. He is the creator of the Greek awarded documentary series "Exandas".
He was born in Athens in 1971. He has worked for Greek television stations covering news stories in Greece and major events around the world. He has also worked as a war correspondent in the wars in Bosnia, Croatia, Iraq, Afghanistan, Kosovo and Palestine. In 2000, he created the documentary series "Exandas" (meaning sextant) which has won many awards in film festivals and documentary festivals in Greece and around the world and is currently broadcast on Greek public television.
His documentary Agora deals with the Greek financial crisis. Political actors and everyday people are interviewed on the social effects of austerity.
References
External links
New Exandas website
Exandas website
Exandas on YouTube
Small Planet documentary production company
1971 births
Living people
Greek documentary filmmakers
Greek journalists
Journalists from Athens
Hooster is a three piece rock band from Christchurch, New Zealand. The band released its first album, Rotate, in 2004.
The band won a recording grant in 2003, to record one song from New Zealand on air. In 2005, they went on to win a contest to be opening band at the Big Day Out Auckland music festival.
Line-up
The band's original members were:
Ed Loughnan – guitar and vocals
Kris Giles – bass guitar and vocals
Al Evans – drums
In 2004, Evans moved to a different city and was replaced by new drummer Kayne. Evans drums on all but one of the songs appearing on the recordings.
References
External links
Official Hooster web site
New Zealand rock music groups
Mohsenabad (, also Romanized as Moḩsenābād) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 850, in 220 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Gholamreza Firouzpour Kamrani (, born 23 August 1954) more known as Reza Kamrani is an Iranian water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
People from Tehran
Iranian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Iran
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1974 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
is a 2012 rhythm game created by Sega and Crypton Future Media for the PlayStation Vita and PlayStation 3. It was released on the PlayStation Vita in Japan on August 30, 2012 as the fifth entry in the Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA series.
The game first debuted at Sony's E3 2012 booth in June 2012 under the name of Hatsune Miku so as to gauge interest for the game. Like previous games in the series, the game primarily makes use of Vocaloids, a series of singing synthesizer software, and the songs created using these Vocaloids, most notably the virtual-diva Hatsune Miku.
A PlayStation 3 version of the game, titled (the only difference being the title uses a capital F is used as opposed to the original Vita version's lowercase f) was released on March 7, 2013. This version was released physically and digitally in North America on August 27, 2013, making it the first game in the Project DIVA series to be released in the West. It was originally scheduled to be released in Europe at the same time, but instead released one week later, on September 4, 2013 as a digital download-only title. The PlayStation Vita version was later released in North America and Europe in March 2014, both as digital download-only titles as well. This therefore makes it the first game in the series to be multi-platform, with it being developed simultaneously for the PlayStation Vita and PlayStation 3, though there are some differences with regards to control schemes.
A sequel to the game, titled Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA F 2nd, was released for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita on March 27, 2014 in Japan, November 18, 2014 in North America, and November 21, 2014 in Europe.
Gameplay
The game retains the same basic gameplay mechanics from the series albeit with several new changes, most notably the addition of the "Star" symbol to the game's existing symbols of cross, circle, square, triangle and arrows. The "Star" symbol represents the "Scratch" move where instead of pressing the face buttons as usual, players rub the screen or flick the analogue stick, depending on which system is being used.
"Chance Time" has been modified from previous installments, with each successful beat filling a star shaped gauge on the bottom left of the screen. When filled, it triggers a final scratch symbol that, if successfully scored, will change the outcome of the scene. Another new mechanic is the "Technical Zone" mechanic. When it occurs during a song, players must maintain an uninterrupted combo within that time limit for bonus points. Additional features like DIVA Room and Edit Mode will also return with additional features.
The game features graphical improvements over its predecessors in light of the PlayStation Vita's higher processing power compared to the PlayStation Portable. The models in the game are also based on the PlayStation Portable predecessors rather than the Dreamy Theater models, which have a slightly different art style. There are also improvements in the animations of the characters, such as smoother movements for Miku's hair and Rin's ribbons; the game also features improved facial expressions and lighting with real-time lighting computation being added into the game.
Development
Development for the game first began in 2011 before the previous entry in the series, Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Extend. The game is jointly developed by the development teams behind the PlayStation Portable entries in the series, as well as the team behind the Project DIVA Arcade entry in the series. A new entry in the Project DIVA series was first teased by Sega on Christmas Day 2011, when Sega released a teaser video on YouTube with footage of Hatsune Miku singing two different songs and the words "Coming 2012" at the end of the trailer. On April 9, 2012 Sega posted a teaser site online announcing that they would be revealing the next entry in the Project DIVA series on April 12, 2012. The game was then officially revealed on April 12, 2012 as a multiplatform game for both the PlayStation Vita and PlayStation 3 making the series' official debut on both platforms (both Dreamy Theater software for the PS3 were not actual full games for the console.) A recent "store-front trailer" showed off a new feature – officially called "Photo Studio". Development would be focused on the PlayStation Vita first before being shifted over to the PlayStation 3 at the later part of its development cycle, and hence the former version would release earlier in 2012 with the latter version releasing in 2013. The release date for the PlayStation Vita version of the game was later announced as August 20, 2012 in an issue of Japanese gaming magazine Dengeki PlayStation.
The game was also present at a booth at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2012, where a partially translated version of the game was playable. The game featured two songs, both in Japanese and Japanese lyrics, but with English menu items. The demo was placed there in order to gauge interest for the game for a potential localization and the response was said to be good, although there were no official plans to localize the game at the time.
On March 7, 2013, the day of the PlayStation 3 version's Japanese release, Sega posted an image of Miku on their English Facebook page, asking fans to like and share the image if they would like to see the PlayStation 3 version of the game released in Western territories. On June 6, 2013, Sega confirmed the game would be released in Western territories in August 2013. A retail release in North America was announced, as well as a digital release on the PlayStation Network in North America and Europe. In November 2013, the PlayStation Vita version was announced for digital release in North America and Europe in March 2014.
Reception
The PS Vita version of Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA f took first place on the Japanese sales charts in its debut week, selling 159,592 physical retail copies. The PS3 version released one year later sold 110,229 physical retail copies within its debut week in Japan, also topping the weekly charts. By 20 April 2013, Sega announced that the game shipped a total of 390,000 copies across both platforms.
PlayStation LifeStyle's import review was very favorable, calling the main portion of the rhythm game "as solid as they come" and recommending it to importers. The PS3 version received a review score of 35/40 from Famitsu.
Song list
There are a total of 38 songs available between Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA f/F. (6 songs returning from previous games) 6 songs are only available through AR Live Mode on the Vita and Live Studio Mode on the PS3, 1 song is DLC and must be purchased from the PlayStation Network, which is only in the Japanese version. The 6 Bonus Songs are included with Project DIVA F on the PS3, but were released as DLC for the Vita version of the game.
Songs with a light-blue background are returning songs from previous games.
Songs with a yellow background are songs only available in 'AR Live Mode' for the Vita and 'Live Stage Mode' for the PS3, all based on DAIBA de DIVA at Tokyo Joypolis, held from August 14 to September 2, 2012.
Songs with an orange background are DLC and must be purchased on the PlayStation Network to be played. (Japanese version only)
Songs with a green background are new songs in Project DIVA F for the PS3. They were released as DLC for the Vita version of the game.
References
External links
(PlayStation Vita version)
(PlayStation 3 version)
2012 video games
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA games
Music video games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Vita games
Sega video games
Creative works using vocaloids
Video games developed in Japan
Thomas Jackson Walker (14 November 1923 – 13 June 2005) was an English centre-half who also played as an outside-right. He spent the first twelve years of his career playing for Newcastle United before moving to Oldham Athletic and Chesterfield. Despite his success at club level he was not selected to play for the English national team. He was often overshadowed by the big reputations of teammates such as Jackie Milburn, George Robledo and Bobby Mitchell.
Career
Before Walker became a footballer he was a champion professional sprinter.
Newcastle United
He was recruited by his local club Newcastle United from Netherton Juniors in 1941, at a time when competitive football had been suspended due to World War II. However the club played in the wartime leagues and Walker was able to make 29 appearances. He also appeared as a guest player for West Ham United later in World War II. He made his Football League debut on 11 October 1946 against Coventry City. During his first season he made a total of 9 appearances. The following season he played only 8 matches, scoring 3 goals, as Newcastle won promotion into the First Division. He suffered a broken arm which kept him out of action for several months. The following season he played 22 of Newcastle's 42 matches in the top division and began to show signs of establishing himself in the first team.
He managed to gain a regular starting place in the 1949–50 season, playing as part of a forward line that also included Ernie Taylor, George Robledo, Jackie Milburn and Bobby Mitchell. He made 40 appearances for the club in both league and cup competition and scored 14 goals in those matches. The following year, Walker played in every match for the club and helped to guide them into fourth place in the First Division table. It was also during that season that Waler won his first medal by winning the FA Cup, 2–0 in the final against Blackpool.
In the 1951–52 season, the club finished in 8th place, their lowest since promotion, but Walker won a second FA Cup, 1–0 against third-placed Arsenal in the final. However he began to find his chances limited and Stan Seymour sold him to Oldham in February 1954.
Oldham
After signing for a fee of £2500, Walker went on to play 120 times for Oldham Athletic. When he left the club for £1250, many fans were aggrieved at Ted Goodier's willingness to let him leave. He later returned to the club for a second spell, playing 38 games before retiring from football in 1959.
Chesterfield
Walker moved to Chesterfield in 1957 for £1250.
Retirement and death
Walker retired in 1958 after a 17-year career, at the age of 35. He decided not to go into football management and instead was in charge of a newsagent located in Middleton.
Walker died on 13 June 2005, aged 81, at a nursing home in Manchester following a short illness.
Personal life
Walker married Lily and they had a son together, Thomas. He also had two grandchildren, Richard and Andrew.
Honours
As a player
Newcastle United
FA Cup winner: 1951, 1952
References
External links
Spartacus entry
FA Cup Finals
Newcastle United website
Player Profile: Thomas Jackson Walker at toon1892.co.uk
1923 births
2005 deaths
People from Cramlington
English footballers
Association football defenders
Association football wingers
Newcastle United F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
English Football League players
West Ham United F.C. wartime guest players
FA Cup Final players
Elisa Frota Pessoa, born Elisa Esther Habbema de Maia (17 January 1921 – 28 December 2018), was a Brazilian experimental physicist. She was one of the first women to graduate in physics in Brazil, in 1942, and a founding member of the Centro Brasileiro de Pesquisas Físicas (Brazilian Center of Physical Research). She was distinguished by her studies of radioactivity with nuclear emulsions; reactions and disintegrations of K and π mesons in nuclear emulsions; and reactions of protons and deuterons with nuclei of average masses.
Early life
She was born in Rio de Janeiro, daughter of Juvenal Moreira Maia and Elisa Habbema de Maia. She began to become interested in science in 1935, in the ginasial (middle school) at the Escola Paulo de Frontin. Her greatest influence was professor Plinio Süssekind da Rocha with whom she took physics classes. He followed her closely and guided her, giving her subjects outside the program to study. At the end of high school Elisa wanted to study Engineering, against the will of the family, since her father, very conservative, considered that the best career for women was the marriage. This, however, did not prevent her from enrolling in the Physics course of the Faculty of Philosophy of the University of Brazil (current Federal University of Rio de Janeiro), graduating in 1942.
Career
Together with Sonja Ashauer, who graduated the same year at USP, she was the second woman to graduate in Physics in Brazil. Soon she excelled in the course and in the second year, was called by professor Joaquim da Costa Ribeiro to be his assistant. She worked with Costa Ribeiro, without receiving a salary, until 1944, when she was hired by the university. At the age of 18, she was married to her former teacher, the biologist Oswaldo Frota-Pessoa, with whom she had two children, Sonia and Roberto. In 1951, she separated of the husband, and started to live with the also physicist Jayme Tiomno.
Along with Tiomno and other graduated physicists at the same time, such as José Leite Lopes, Cesar Lattes, and Mario Schenberg, she promoted science in Brazil, at the same time facing prejudice being a woman and separated from her husband in a time when divorce was illegal in Brazil. In 1949, she was one of the founders of the Brazilian Center for Physical Research (CBPF), where she was Chief of the Nuclear Emulsions Division until 1964.
In 1950, she published with Neusa Margem the first research article of the new institution: "Sobre a desintegração do méson pesado positivo". This work obtained for the first time results that experimentally supported the V-A theory of weak interactions. Her other work, published in 1969, put an end to a long controversy over the possibility of π meson having non-zero spin. She also collaborated with European researchers in the study of K mesons.
Frota Pessoa moved to Brasília in 1965, to work in the University of Brasilia. She then transferred to the University of São Paulo, but she was expelled by the AI-5 in April 1969. Fleeing from the military dictatorship persecution, she worked in Europe and the USA, where she collaborated in the training of Brazilian physicists. In 1975, Elisa began setting up an emulsion laboratory at PUC with the assistance of Ernst Hamburger from IFUSP. Two years later, in 1977, as a member of the Experimental Physics Department at IFUSP, she continued her work at PUC in collaboration with IFUSP. In 1980 she resumed her work at CBPF, implanting a nuclear emulsion laboratory for nuclear spectroscopy. Even after compulsory retirement, in 1991, she remained until 1995 as an emeritus professor at the center.
Death
Elisa died on 28 December 2018, in Rio de Janeiro. She left five grandchildren (a biochemist, an art historian, an economist, an engineering student and a high school graduate) and six other great-grandchildren.
Main works
1950 – Sobre a desintegração do méson pesado positivo. Anais da Academia Brasileira de Ciências. vol. 22, p. 371 – 383 (with N. Margem)
1955 – A new radioactive method for markings mosquitoes and its application. Proceedings of Geneva Conference on Peaceful Applications of Atomic Energy. p. 140 – (with N. Margem e M.B. Aragão)
1961 – On the observation of fast hyperons emitted from the interactions of K mesons with emulsion nuclei. Il Nuovo Cimento. , Série 10 – with the European Collaboration Group . vol. 19 , p. 1077–1089
1969 – Isotropy in π−μ Decays. Physical Review. 177 (5): 2368–2370. 1983 – States in 118Sn from 117Sn (d,P)118Sn at 12 MeV. Il Nuovo Cimento. vol. 77A , p. 369 – 4011986 – States in 94Zr from 94Zr (d,d')94Zr* at 15.5 MeV. Il Nuovo Cimento. vol. 96A , p. 347 – 365 (with S. Joffily)''
References
1921 births
2018 deaths
20th-century Brazilian physicists
20th-century Brazilian women scientists
Federal University of Rio de Janeiro alumni
People from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Plutella polaris is a moth species in the family Plutellidae and was first described by Philipp Christoph Zeller in 1880. It is known to occur in Svalbard, Norway, and the Altai Mountains of Russia.
Formal description
Plutella polaris was described by Philipp Christoph Zeller in 1880 from specimens collected by Alfred Edwin Eaton at Svalbard in July 1873. The species was not recorded again until the collection of a single specimen at the Indre Wijdefjorden National Park of Svalbard in July 2015, which is the first female specimen described.
Distribution
P. polaris is one of three known resident Lepidoptera species of Svalbard, alongside Apamea exulis and Pyla fusca. A male specimen was collected from the Altai Mountains in Russia in 2016.
Appearance
P. polaris has brown-grey coloured forewings with a broad, paler band along the posterior margin, which is marked with dark dots. The paler band widens in the posterior wing corner. The costal half of the forewings are paler than the medial half.
References
Plutellidae
Moths described in 1880
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Philipp Christoph Zeller
Doncourt-lès-Conflans Airport is a regional airport in France, located south-southwest of Homécourt (Departement de Meurthe-et-Moselle, Grand Est); east of Paris
It supports general aviation with no commercial airline service scheduled.
History
Doncourt-lès-Conflans Airport's origins begin in September 1944 when the airfield was built by the United States Army Air Forces IX Engineer Command 830th Engineering Aviation Regiment. Allied ground forces had moved through the area during the Northern France Campaign in early September, and on `9 September the combat engineers arrived to lay down a temporary airfield to support the ground forces in their advance against enemy forces.
The 830th EAR laid down a 5000' grass runway aligned roughly east–west (08/26), along with a small support area. The airfield was declared operationally ready on 20 September and was designated as Advanced Landing Ground "A-94", or simply "Conflans Airfield".
The airfield was initially used by various transport units for combat resupply of units and for casualty evacuation.
In late October, the 830th Engineering Aviation Regiment returned to the airfield and improved the facility, laying down an all-weather Pierced Steel Planking (PSP) runway for Ninth Air Force combat fighter use along with upgrading the support site with tents for billeting and also for support facilities; an access road was built to the existing road infrastructure; a dump for supplies, ammunition, and gasoline drums, along with drinkable water and minimal electrical grid for communications and station lighting.
With the upgraded facility, combat units arrived at Conflans. The first was the 10th Reconnaissance Group, which based various photo-reconnaissance aircraft at the field from 20 November 1944 until March 1945. In mid-March, the 10th moved out and was replaced by the 367th Fighter Group, which flew P-38 Lightnings until 20 April 1945 (P-38).
By the end of April the airfield had become redundant combat needs and the facility was returned to being a S&E (Supply and Evacuation) airfield, and was used until being closed on 22 May 1945. The wartime airfield was then turned over to French authorities.
See also
Advanced Landing Ground
Current
After the war, the wartime faculties were eventually all removed. The metal PSP runway was picked up being replaced by a turf runway, along with taxiways and a turf parking ramp.
Doncourt-lès-Conflans Airport today is a modern, well-equipped general aviation airport. No evidence of the wartime airfield remains.
References
External links
Airports in Grand Est
World War II airfields in France
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in France
Airports established in 1944
Vilayat-e Faqih (, also velāyat-e faqīh), is Persian for guardianship of Faqīh (an Islamic jurist)
For the doctrine, see the Guardianship of the Islamic Jurist
For the Vilayat-e Faqih (Guardianship of the Islamic Jurist) in the Islamic Republic of Iran, see the Supreme Leader of Iran
For the current Vali-e-Faqih (Guardian Jurist) of Iran, see Ayatollah Ali Khamenei
For the book by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini establishing the doctrine of faqih as ruler, see Islamic Government: Governance of the Jurist
Gadzooks may refer to:
Gadzooks! (TV programme), a British pop music television programme which aired on BBC2 in the 1960s
Gadzooks (retailer), T-shirt retailer acquired by Forever 21
Gadzooks, a dragon from the novel series The Last Dragon Chronicles
Gadzoox, a storage area network company acquired by Broadcom in 2003
The McArthur River is a river in the Northern Territory of Australia which flows into the Gulf of Carpentaria at Port McArthur, opposite the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands. The river was named by Ludwig Leichhardt while he explored the area in 1845. He named the River after James MacArthur and the MacArthur family of Camden, who were enthusiastic supporters of his expedition. The McArthur River has significance for the local Aboriginal communities, who use it for fishing and other traditional activities.
Description
The McArthur River basin covers . The basin is situated between the Rosie River catchment to the north, the Limmen Bight River to the east, the Barkly River catchment to the south and the Robinson River catchment to the west. The mean annual runoff is per year. The headwaters of the rivers rise on the northern edge of the Barkly Tableland. Tributaries of the McArthur River include Tooganginie Creek, and the Kilgour and Clyde rivers.
The river has a long tidal estuary which extends inland to the town of Borroloola. The estuary is in near-pristine condition, and forms part of the Port McArthur Tidal Wetlands System Important Bird Area.
McArthur River zinc mine expansion
In 2007, plans to expand the McArthur River zinc mine, one of the world's largest zinc mines, were halted by a decision of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory. It was found that the approval of the expansion by Mines Minister Chris Natt was invalid. Traditional owners were concerned the proposal, which included a river diversion, had serious, long term and irreversible impacts.
In 2008, the case was heard by the Federal Court, which found that the expansion was illegal. In early 2009, the Federal Environment Minister Peter Garrett formally approved the mine's expansion. Garrett placed conditions on the project which aimed to reduce the impact on the freshwater sawfish and migratory birds.
See also
List of rivers of Northern Territory
References
Rivers of the Northern Territory
Gulf of Carpentaria
Bang Phai (, ) is one of the ten subdistricts (tambon) of Mueang Nonthaburi District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Bang Si Mueang, Suan Yai (across the Chao Phraya River), Bang Kruai and Bang Si Thong. In 2020 it had a total population of 12,482 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 5 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Phai Subdistrict Administrative Organization ().
References
External links
Website of Bang Phai Subdistrict Administrative Organization
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier of the American Revolution honors an unidentified soldier of the American Revolutionary War, whose remains were unearthed in 1826 in Alexandria, Virginia. The memorial is in the churchyard Burial Ground of the Old Presbyterian Meeting House, a congregation of the Presbyterian Church that dates from 1772. The Meeting House is located at 323 South Fairfax Street, in Alexandria's Old Town National Historic Landmark District.
Creation of the memorial
In 1826, during construction of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, which is located immediately next to the churchyard of the Old Presbyterian Meeting House, the body of an unidentified man, clothed in a Revolutionary War uniform, was unearthed. The body was then reinterred within the current bounds of the Meeting House Burial Ground. The memory that the remains of an unidentified soldier had been reburied at this site was carried into the twentieth century by Mary Gregory Powell (1847–1928), a member of the Meeting House congregation and long-time historian of the Mount Vernon chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution. Her father, William Gregory (1789–1875), had come to Alexandria from Scotland in 1807 and had served the Presbyterian Meeting House congregation for many years as an Elder and member of the Church Committee. Mary Gregory had placed flowers on the unmarked grave of the unidentified soldier as a child.
Several events during the 1920s influenced the creation of this memorial to an Unknown of the American Revolution. One was the memorialization of soldiers who had died in World War I and remained unidentified. On the second anniversary of the signing of the treaty that ended World War I, Armistice Day 1920, memorials to unknown soldiers were dedicated in Great Britain and France. The United States dedicated its memorial to an unknown soldier of that war at Arlington National Cemetery on November 11, 1921. The sarcophagus-style monument that now sits atop the burial vault of the Tomb of the Unknowns was added in 1932.
The 1920s also witnessed a surge of interest in honoring and preserving the nation's colonial heritage. Alexandria's earliest Colonial revival preservation effort was the restoration of the Presbyterian Meeting House, which began in 1925. As that project drew to its completion, Mary Gregory Powell contacted John B. Gordon, chair of the Meeting House restoration committee, about honoring the Unknown Soldier. The decision was made to formally mark the gravesite. Leadership in that task was provided by Alexandria's American Legion Post No. 24.
On February 22, 1928, a temporary marker was placed at the gravesite in conjunction with Alexandria's annual celebration of George Washington's birthday. Dedication services held that day followed traditions in Alexandria that date from its colonial period – participants initially gathered at Gadsby's Tavern and then joined in a processional walk through the city's streets to the Meeting House, where the service was conducted. Mary Gregory Powell dedicated the initial wooden temporary marker.
Dedication of the memorial
The current memorial was created by the National Society of the Children of the American Revolution under the leadership of Mrs. Josiah A. Van Orsdel, the Society's president. The memorial was dedicated on Lexington–Concord Day, April 19, 1929, with services in the Presbyterian Meeting House and at the site of the memorial in the churchyard Burial Ground. The service in the Meeting House was led by Mrs. Van Orsdel and included two addresses – "Story of the Discovery of the Grave," by John B. Gordon, chair of the Meeting House restoration committee, and "157,000 American Unknown War Dead Here and Abroad," by James W. Good, U.S. Secretary of War. William Tyler Page, Clerk of the United States House of Representatives and author of "The American's Creed," read the "Epitaph of the Unknown Soldier," which he had prepared for the tabletop memorial. Music was provided by the U.S. Army Band, which joined with the church's historic 1849 Erben organ to lead the singing of the Star Spangled Banner. Following the service inside the Meeting House, the assemblage moved to the gravesite, accompanied by the solemn tolling of the church bell, where numerous wreaths were placed at the foot of the memorial by patriotic and military organizations. The 90-minute program was broadcast live national audience by Washington's local radio station, WRC.
Epitaph
The memorial today
Alexandria's Tomb of the Unknown Soldier of the American Revolution continues to be honored regularly by visitors and with ceremonial services conducted by the Children of the American Revolution, Daughters of the American Revolution, Sons of the American Revolution, Society of the Cincinnati, First Virginia Regiment of the Continental Line, Veterans of Foreign Wars, American Legion, Legion of Honor of Shriners International, National Sojourners of Freemasonry, and other groups.
Other memorials to Unknown Soldiers of the American Revolution
There are three other unidentified soldiers of the American Revolution who are similarly honored. One is honored with the Tomb of the Unknown Revolutionary War Soldier, located in Washington Square, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, created in 1957. The second is honored with the Unknown Patriot Soldier of the American Revolution, located near Jamestown, Virginia, created in 2016.
The third is the Tomb of the Unknown Patriot of the American Revolution, paying homage to an unknown soldier of the fort, located south of Akron/Canton, in Bolivar OH, at Fort Laurens, the only Revolutionary War fort in Ohio.
References
External links
Buildings and structures completed in 1929
Tombs of Unknown Soldiers
Military monuments and memorials in the United States
Tombs in the United States
Monuments and memorials in Virginia
Bjarnfreðarson is a 2009 Icelandic comedy film directed by Ragnar Bragason, director of the TV series trilogy consisting of Næturvaktin, Dagvaktin and Fangavaktin, to which it is a sequel. At its première in Iceland, it was met with wide success, even beating Avatar at the box office on its opening weekend. It was watched by over 20% of the Icelandic population, which is a record for an Icelandic film, and won 11 Edda Awards.
References
External links
2009 films
Icelandic-language films
Films directed by Ragnar Bragason
2009 comedy films
Icelandic comedy films
Craig Gilroy (born 11 March 1991) is an Irish rugby union player who wing for Ulster, and is a former Ireland international. he was Ulster's player of the year in 2014–15, and was named in the Pro12 Dream Team twice.
Born in Bangor, County Down, he played Gaelic football and soccer in his teens. He attended Methodist College Belfast, where he played rugby in a team that won the Ulster Schools' Cup twice. After he left school, Justin Fitzpatrick signed him for Dungannon, and his form in the All-Ireland League led to him joining the Ulster academy in 2010. He scored the first try at the Aviva Stadium, in an exhibition match between an Ulster-Leinster team against a Munster-Connacht team in August 2010.
He made his first start for Ulster, scoring two tries, against Cardiff in the Magners League in November 2010. He made 14 appearances, scoring 8 tries, in the 2010–11 season, and was named Academy Player of the Year in the 2011 Ulster Rugby Awards. The following season he made 29 appearances, scoring six tries, as Ulster made the 2012 Heineken Cup Final. He was invited to train with the Ireland team for the 2012 Six Nations Championship, and made his debut for Ireland in May 2012 in a friendly against the Barbarians, scoring two tries. He was awarded Ulster's Young Player of the Year for the 2011-12 season, and was nominated for Irish Young Player of the Year, losing out to Munster's Peter O'Mahony.
In November 2012 he scored a hat-trick of tries for Ireland in a non-test match against Fiji at Thomond Park, He made his international test debut, scoring one try, against Argentina soon after. Early in the 2012–13 season, Gilroy signed a three-year contract extension to remain with Ulster until summer 2016. In February 2015 he earned his 100th cap for Ulster in a 43–3 win over Benetton Treviso, scoring two tries in a Man of the Match performance. He was named in the Pro12 Dream Team two years running, in 2014-15 and 2015-16. He was Ulster's Player of the Year in 2014–15. He scored a hat trick of tries for Ireland against Italy in the Stadio Olimpico in a 63-10 win in the 2017 Six Nations. He made his 200th appearance for Ulster against Ospreys in December 2021.
References
External links
Ulster Rugby profile
United Rugby Championship profile
Ireland profile
ESPN Profile
Ireland international rugby union players
Ulster Rugby players
Living people
1991 births
People educated at Methodist College Belfast
Ireland Wolfhounds international rugby union players
Dungannon RFC players
Irish rugby union players
Rugby union wings
The 10th Alabama Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 10th Alabama Infantry Regiment was mustered in at Montgomery, Alabama on June 4, 1861. The regiment surrendered at Appomattox Court House. The 10th mustered 1,429 men during its existence. It suffered approximately 300 killed in action or mortally wounded and 180 men who died of disease, for a total of approximately 470 fatalities. An additional 249 men were discharged or transferred from the regiment.
Commanders
Colonel John Horace Forney
Colonel John Jefferson Woodward
Colonel William Henry Forney
Colonel William Thomas Smith
See also
Alabama Civil War Confederate Units
Alabama in the American Civil War
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Alabama
1861 establishments in Alabama
Military units and formations established in 1861
San Mamés is a transfer station in Bilbao, Basque Country, Spain. It is located in the neighbourhood of Basurto, part of the Basurto-Zorroza district of Bilbao. The station connects the rapid transit network of Bilbao metro with the Cercanías Bilbao commuter rail services, as well as with the Bilbao tram. It is also directly connected to Bilbao Intermodal, the city's main bus station. The station is also located in close proximity to San Mamés Stadium, home of the Athletic Club Bilbao. Since 2017, the metro station has been known as Santimami/San Mamés.
History
The station opened as part of line 1 of the Bilbao metro on 11 November 1995. The station was bellow Alameda de Urquijo, between San Mamés Stadium, the Termibus bus station, and Sabino Arana Avenue; the main access to the city from the A-8 motorway. Thus the station had very high traffic of passengers commuting daily from other parts of the metropolitan area to the bus station, and to the stadium on match days.
In 2000, the San Mamés station of the Cercanías Bilbao commuter rail network (operated by Renfe) opened on a nearby location. The station was built on an existing trench which was put underground. Despite both stations being in close proximity, they were not physically connected. In addition to that, a third stop opened in 2002 as part of the Bilbao tram; it was overground and closer to the bus station.
The interchange station was built in 2004 allowing for an easy connection between the metro and Cercanías staitons, which now share a common access and hall, which also connects them directly to the bus station entrance and the tram stop, which was relocated closer to the new station. In 2017 works began for the construction of a new underground bus station, which involved temporarily shutting down the direct connection between the interchange station and the bus terminal. The connection was reopened in November 2019, after the opening of the new Bilbao Intermodal bus station.
Station layout
The station consists in truth of two separate underground stations connected by a common hall. The metro station follows the typical cavern-shaped layout of most underground Metro Bilbao stations designed by Norman Foster, with the main hall located directly above the rail tracks, whereas the Cercanías Bilbao station follows a rectangular design with high ceilings.
Access
17 Sabino Arana Av. (Sabino Arana exit, Metro Bilbao only)
23 Luis Briñas St. (Briñas - Termibús - Renfe exit)
13 Luis Briñas St. (Briñas exit, Metro Bilbao only)
Ingeniero Torres Quevedo Plaza (Torres Quevedo exit, Cercanías Bilbao only)
Services
The metro station is served by line 1 from Etxebarri to Ibarbengoa and Plentzia, and by line 2 from Basauri to Kabiezes. The Cercanías Bilbao lines that call at this station connect Bilbao with other municipalities across the its metropolitan area. There is also a tram stop on the surface, served by Bilbao's single tram line. Additionally, the station is directly connected to the Bilbao Intermodal bus station, with long-distance and regional Bizkaibus bus services.
References
External links
Bilbao metro stations
Buildings and structures in Bilbao
Railway stations opened in 1995
1995 establishments in the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Railway stations opened in 2000
2000 establishments in the Basque Country (autonomous community)
Railway stations in Biscay
Tram stops
Chen Bangping (born 24 May 1976) is a Chinese handball player. She competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Chinese female handball players
Olympic handball players of China
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 1914 Duquesne Dukes football team represented Duquesne University during the 1914 college football season. The head coach was Norman "Bill" Budd, coaching his second season with the Dukes.
Schedule
References
Duquesne
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Duquesne Dukes football
Kranzberg is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
At Bernstorf, a part within the municipality of Kranzberg, a Bronze Age fortification was found in 1904 by local historian Josef Wenzl. It was dated at around 1360 B.C. and is the largest known Bronze Age settlement north of the Alps. Most significant were finds of gold and amber objects which contained writings in Mycenaean Greek Linear B. These objects were found by amateur archaeologists Manfred Moosauer and Traudl Bachmair in 1998. The objects are now kept in the national Bavarian archaeological collection in Munich.
References
Freising (district)
In Christian theology, legalism (or nomism) is a pejorative term applied to the idea that "by doing good works or by obeying the law, a person earns and merits salvation."
The Encyclopedia of Christianity in the United States defines legalism as a pejorative descriptor for "the direct or indirect attachment of behaviors, disciplines, and practices to the belief in order to achieve salvation and right standing before God", emphasizing a need "to perform certain deeds in order to gain salvation" (works). Additionally, legalism pejoratively refers to the view that Christians should not engage in social practices perceived as contrary to a Christian witness, such as gambling, dancing, consuming alcohol, enjoying secular entertainment, or wearing immodest clothing; abstinence from these things is found among fundamental Baptist, Conservative Anabaptist and Conservative Holiness denominations.
What is viewed as "legalistic" may depend on the Christian denomination; in contrast to Lutheran theology that revolves around the doctrine of justification by faith, Christians of the Anabaptist tradition (who teach salvation by "faith that works") have argued that being a disciple of Jesus by careful obedience to New Testament commands (such as the holy kiss, headcovering, and feet washing), is "crucial evidence that an individual has repented, believed, and yielded to Christ." The Anabaptist theologian Menno Simons rebuffed the Lutheran charge of legalism by referencing :
The Christian expositor Tony Cooke, citing , has stated that the term "legalist" has been often applied incorrectly to those following biblical directives "that pertain to holiness, obedience, and living godly lives", concluding that "God's grace leads us into obedience, not away from it." In the same vein, the theologian Leonard Ravenhill summated: "When there is something in the Bible that churches don't like, they call it 'legalism'."
The Pharisees and Sadducees, as described in the Gospels, are often regarded in general by Christians as legalists. Historically, many Christian New Testament scholars attacked Judaism for supposedly being "legalistic"; this accusation has been rebutted by other scholars, such as E. P. Sanders, who identify this criticism as inaccurate and ahistorical.
Antinomianism is often regarded as the opposite of legalism, with situational ethics as a third possible position.
In 1921, Ernest De Witt Burton stated that in , the Greek word was "evidently used ... in its legalistic sense, denoting divine law viewed as a purely legalistic system made up of statutes, on the basis of obedience or disobedience to which individuals are approved or condemned as a matter of debt without grace. This is divine law as the legalist defined it."
See also
Free grace theology
Antinomian Controversy
References
External links
Legalism: Its Fruits and the True Grace of God - Emanuel Lapp (Ephrata Christian Fellowship): Anabaptist perspective
Ethical theories
Christian ethics
Theories of law
Judaism in the New Testament
Christian terminology
Christian law
Christian theology
Pejorative terms
Terletskiy Peak () is a peak, 2,505 m, rising 1.7 nautical miles (3.1 km) northwest of Chervov Peak in the Shcherbakov Range, Orvin Mountains, in Queen Maud Land. Discovered and roughly plotted from air photos by German Antarctic Expedition, 1938–39. Mapped from air photos and surveys by Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1956-60 remapped by Soviet Antarctic Expedition, 1960–61, and named after Soviet hydrographer N.A. Terletskiy (1910–1954).
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Vulturești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bârzești, Huluba and Vulturești. These were part of Hârtiești Commune until 2003, when they were split off.
The commune is located in the eastern part of the county, on the border with Dâmbovița County. It lies at a distance of from the county seat, Pitești, from Câmpulung, and from Bucharest. The 25th meridian east passes to the west of Vulturești, while the 45th parallel north passes to the south.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Boon Island is a barren rocky island in the Gulf of Maine off the coast of York, Maine. The island, which is approximately by at low tide, is the site of Boon Island Light, at high, it is the tallest lighthouse in New England. Numerous vessels have been wrecked on its rocky shoreline. John Winthrop, the English Puritan lawyer and one of the leading figures in founding the Massachusetts Bay Colony mentions passing Boon Island in the 1600s.
Boon Island Light
A wooden day beacon was erected in 1799 but lasted only five years. Fierce storms repeatedly scour Boon Island, which has an elevation of above sea level at its highest point. Violent seas can heave boulders across its surface, demolishing structures. A stone day beacon was constructed. In 1811, a stone lighthouse was built which stood 32 feet above the water, then rebuilt in 1831 to stand 49 feet. But damage from the elements was relentless. Consequently, in 1854–1855 the tallest lighthouse in New England, Boon Island Light, was built — 133 feet (40 m) of massive granite blocks at a cost of US$25,000. It had a focal plane of 137 feet (42 m). Keepers willing to live in such a desolate place were few, arriving and departing in steady succession. Only one man seemed to thrive there; William W. Williams stayed 27 years and lived past the age of 90.
In 1978, two lightkeepers on the island had to retreat from a powerful winter storm. They took shelter in the light chamber while the seas and wind demolished all other structures on the island. Water rose five feet up the tower and dislodged a number of its segments. Next day, they were rescued by helicopter. The tower was repaired and automated, no longer requiring a resident keeper. It is now powered by solar power.
Shipwrecks
Increase (1682)
The wrecking of the coastal trading vessel, Increase, in the summer of 1682 is believed to be how the island got its English name. Four survivors — three Europeans and one native American — subsisted on fish and gulls' eggs. After a month on the island, they built a fire to attract attention when they saw smoke rising from the summit of Mount Agamenticus in York, Maine. The people on Mount Agamenticus saw the smoke from the island and the castaways were soon rescued. Seeing their survival as a boon granted by God, the men are said to have dubbed it Boon Island.
However, Celia Thaxter, a 19th-century American writer of poetry and stories, described the ironically named Boon Island as "the forlornest place that can be imagined."
Nottingham Galley (1710)
More famous was the shipwreck on December 11, 1710, of the British merchant ship, Nottingham Galley, captained by John Deane. All fourteen crewmen aboard survived the initial wreck, however two died from their injuries – the cook, who died a few days after the initial wreck, and a carpenter, who died two weeks after – and another two drowned attempting to reach the mainland on an improvised raft. The remaining ten crewmen managed to stay alive despite winter conditions with no food and no fire for twenty-four days, until finally rescued. They resorted to cannibalism, eating the carpenter after his death, which gave the incident a notoriety that it retains even today.
The story also features a conflict between the captain and members of his crew, primarily his first mate, Christopher Langman. Langman, backed by two of his crew mates, claimed that Deane turned the ship over to French privateers and then planned to wreck the ship for insurance money. When his crew learned of this, they mutinied and forced Deane to continue to Boston, resulting in its wreck on Boon Island. A vigorous public relations battle ensued in London the following summer between the captain and members of his unhappy crew, which also helped make the story famous in its day. The harrowing story was fictionalized by Kenneth Roberts in his 1956 novel Boon Island. The only non-fiction history of the event, "Boon Island: A True Story of Mutiny, Shipwreck and Cannibalism," by Andrew Vietze and Stephen Erickson, appeared in 2012. It is said that after the Nottingham Galley disaster, local fishermen began leaving barrels of provisions on Boon Island in case of future wrecks.
Speaking of provisions for shipwrecked sailors, just 8 miles southeast of Boon Island lie the Isles of Shoals. On Smuttynose Island, a cottage built in the 1950s by Rozamond Thaxter, Great-granddaughter of the poetess Celia Thaxter, is open 24/7/365 to 'mariners in distress of weather'. It contains a barrel of provisions for survivors of shipwrecks.
In 1995, Dr. Warren Riess, University of Maine, mounted an expedition to retrieve possible artifacts from the Nottingham Galley. He and his team were successful in the effort, and items recovered can be viewed at the Maine State Museum.
Empire Knight (1944)
In February 1944, the Empire Knight, a 428-foot (130 m) British freighter, ran aground at Boon Island and later broke into two sections. The stern section, which included the ship's cargo holds, sank in approximately 260 feet (80 m) of water, one and one half miles (2–3 km) from the Island. In August 1990, the United States Coast Guard became aware of the existence of a plan of stowage dating from 1944 for the ship indicating that 221 flasks (7,620 kg) of mercury may have been loaded onto the vessel. Investigation revealed that such flasks had been placed on the ship but had since deteriorated, releasing the mercury. An estimated 16,000 pounds (7¼ t) of mercury remain unrecovered and it is believed to have settled in the low point of the cargo hold.
Ownership
In May 2000, the U.S. Coast Guard leased Boon Island Lighthouse to the American Lighthouse Foundation (ALF) for the restoration and preservation of the historic light.
In 2014 the lighthouse was sold to real estate developer Art Girard, who subsequently sold it in 2015 to Boon Island LLC.
See also
List of islands of Maine
Citations
External links
History of Boon Island Light
Balkan, Evan. Shipwrecked! Deadly Adventures and Disasters at Sea. Birmingham, AL: Menasha Ridge, 2008, pp. 34–42
Vietze, Andrew and Erickson, Stephen, "Boon Island: A True Story of Mutiny, Shipwreck and Cannibalism" . Gilford, CT: Globe Pequot, 2012
Islands of York County, Maine
Disasters in Maine
Shipwrecks of the Maine coast
Incidents of cannibalism
Pre-statehood history of Maine
History of Maine
York, Maine
Islands of Maine
Coastal islands of Maine
Tarko Alikhanovich Islamov (, born 22 June 1991) is a former Russian footballer.
Career
Islamov made his professional debut for FC Terek Grozny on 13 July 2010 in the Russian Cup game against FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.
External links
Player page on the official FC Terek Grozny website
1991 births
Living people
Russian footballers
FC Akhmat Grozny players
Russian people of Chechen descent
Chechen people
Association football forwards
John Strong Sr. (November 26, 1798 – February 23, 1881) was an English–American farmer and politician who served one term in the Michigan House of Representatives, and was an early settler of Greenfield Township, Michigan.
Biography
John Strong was born on November 26, 1798, in Wroxton, Oxfordshire, England.
He studied for the ministry, but did not find it to his liking. After his father's death, he emigrated to the United States, arriving in the early 1820s, likely in 1825. He settled in Greenfield Township, Michigan, by 1826, after a year spent living near Chatham, Ontario.
He was a farmer, and as one of the few educated men in the area, he assisted the Native American and French residents with business and legal matters, and he also sold many small tracts of land to incoming German colonists.
Strong was a Democrat, and was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives in the first election following adoption of the state constitution in 1835, and served through 1836.
He was supervisor of Greenfield Township in 1836 and 1836.
Strong died in Greenfield Township on February 23, 1881,
Family
In 1827, Strong married Isabella Campbell, who was born in Scotland on January 25, 1810. They had six children: John Jr., Ann, George, Isabella, Elizabeth, and Sarah. Isabella Strong died on October 29, 1840.
John Strong Jr. was elected to both the state house and senate, and also served as lieutenant governor of Michigan. Elizabeth's son John S. Haggerty served as Michigan Secretary of State.
Notes
References
1798 births
1881 deaths
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Michigan Democrats
19th-century American politicians
Laser ablation of thyroid nodules is a minimally invasive procedure indicated to treat benign thyroid lesions such as cold nodules or single nodules within a multinodular goiter. The technique consists in the destruction of the tissue by the insertion therein of optical fibers which convey the light energy, causing a complete and not reversible lesions necrosis. The therapeutic outcome is the reduction in volume of the nodule, and as a result of local symptoms, such as compression, and reduction or loss of visibility of nodular goiter.
The goal of therapy is to destroy the lesion without removing the organ, thus preserving its normal anatomy.
Once documented the benign nature of the nodule, the selection criteria for treatment with the laser concern injuries sufficiently massive to create cosmetic damages or local compressive symptoms and those patients who have contraindications at surgery or anesthesia or will not, for aesthetic reasons, to undergo surgery.
Technique
The laser ablation of thyroid nodules is performed in day hospital or day-surgery. The patient is placed under mild sedation (the same type of sedation used in an endoscopic examination). A local anesthetic is then applied, and one or two needles (depending on the size of the nodule) placed inside the nodule under ultrasound guidance. Through the lumen of the needles, extremely thin optical fibers are placed, which are connected to a laser light source. The total time of the procedure is about 30 minutes, with the laser energy applied for approximately 10–12 minutes.
Advantages
Compared to drug therapy laser ablation has the advantages of immediacy and efficacy in single nodules and especially when they have already reached a certain volume. In these cases, the percutaneous laser ablation not only prevents the growth of the nodules but it induces a reduction in short times and without having to perform a therapy protracted over many years. Compared to surgery laser ablation does not induce late hypothyroidism, does not involve the presence of scars or any other cosmetic damage, not painful, is a day hospital procedure, and does not require hospitalization, is a short-term treatment (about 30 minutes - including the patient preparation), takes place in a conscious sedation state of the patient, which avoids any risk related to general anesthesia, produces predictable and repeatable volumes of necrosis, and does not affect further therapeutic actions.
See also
Laser-induced thermotherapy
Laser ablation
Laser-induced interstitial thermotherapy
References
Endocrine procedures
Laser applications
Thyroidological methods
Pandemis straminocula is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Al-Muroor Sport Club (), is an Iraqi football team based in Thawra District, East Districts of the Tigris River, Baghdad, that plays in Iraq Division one.
Managerial history
Adel Ajar
Haider Karim
Hazem Saleh
Taiseer Abdul-Hussein
See also
2021–22 Iraq FA Cup
References
External links
Al-Muroor SC on Goalzz.com
Iraq Clubs- Foundation Dates
Football clubs in Iraq
2018 establishments in Iraq
Association football clubs established in 2018
Football clubs in Baghdad
The Lab Albanian dialect () is a Tosk Albanian dialect associated with the wider definition of the ethnographic region of Labëria, spoken by Lab Albanians. Under this wider definition of Labëria, Lab Albanian stretches from Vlorë and Mallakastër south and east up to Gjirokastër, Lunxhëria and Sarandë. Notable aspects of Lab in Albanian and wider Balkan areal linguistics include its peculiar mix of conservative and innovative features, the lack (in some varieties) of typical Albanian Balkanisms like the admirative, and the presence of features typical of Northern Gheg dialects despite it being a Southern dialect.
Classification
Labërishtja is a subdivision of the Southern Tosk group, which is itself a subdivision of Tosk Albanian, the collection of Albanian dialects south of the Shkumbin River. As such, it is most closely related to the Cham dialect of Chamëria, the Arbereshe of the old Albanian diaspora in Italy, and the Arvanitika of Arvanites in Greece.
Characteristics
Phonological
Features typical of Lab include the unrounding of Albanian /y/ ([y]) to /i/ ([i]), thus merging it with the /i/ phoneme, and a velar articulation for Albanian gj ([ɟ]) and q ([c]). As such, in areas where Lab is less influenced by Standard Albanian, Albanians from elsewhere may be shocked to hear words like gjyshi ([ɟyʃi], grandfather) pronounced as gishi ([ɡiʃi]). Likewise, Lab Albanians may say they speak "shkip" ([ʃkip]), not shqip ([ʃcip]).
Lab also has some features that are more typical of Gheg dialects than Tosk ones: it preserves the Old Albanian vowel length distinction (lost elsewhere in Tosk). Although the loss of nasal vowels in Tosk is said to be a diagnostic feature separating Southern (Tosk) Albanian from Northern (Gheg) Albanian, Albanian linguists Dilo Sheper and Gjinari have reported that there are nasal vowels present in the Lab dialects of Kurvelesh and Himare, which would mean there are in fact Tosk dialects with nasal vowels, contrary to prior assumptions, although some Albanian writers like Paçarizi expressed uncertainty about the reports. Menela Totoni, meanwhile, has detected the presence of nasal vowels in the extreme southern town of Borsh. Paçarizi notes that the presence of nasal vowels in Lab might imply that the loss of nasals in Tosk can no longer be viewed as the taxonomical difference between Gheg and Tosk, and that it may have occurred in the majority of Tosk dialects after Tosk had already split from Gheg.
Standard Albanian dh ([ð]) may also be represented as a dark ll ([ɫ]) in many Lab dialects, leading madhe (, "large") to be pronounced as .
Certain Lab dialects shift the Albanian schwa to a back vowel, [ʌ] (as in English nut), while others merge it with e /ɛ/ . Many Lab dialects also pronounce the schwa at the end of words, saying [pɛsʌ] instead of [pɛs] for pesë ("five"). Albanian e/ɛ/ may also become a schwa in Lab before nasal consonants.
Lexical
Lab Albanian uses different past participles than Standard Albanian, which is based on a dialect of Tosk proper, specifically the one from the ethnographic region of Dangellia due to its usage by Albanian nationalist writers. The past participle of marr (to take) is marrur (not marrë as in standard) and the past participle of them is themur, rather than thënë.
Morphological and syntactical
Lab and its sister dialect, Cham, have been found to lack many of the particularities that wider Albanian has in morphological rules and syntactical patterns. Some but not all Lab dialects lack the admirative mood, typically considered a curious and unique particularism of Albanian although there are also related phenomena in some Bulgarian dialects.
Lab has exerted some influence on Standard Albanian, for example causing the emergence of the short particle due to its use (in Lab) for compound past tenses.
Laberishtja also is peculiar in that certain Lab dialects may have (limited) use of a "have"(kam) + subjunctive formation of the future tense, which is more typically characteristic of remote Gheg dialects such as the Upper Reka dialect.
Although the idea that the Gheg/Tosk split is the oldest and most significant dialectal division in Albanian is widely viewed as canon, Lab has been found to exhibit certain "Gheg" grammatical characteristics (in addition to limited phonological characteristics such as retention of nasalization in selected Lab subdialects). Features that are typical of Gheg but not Tosk dialects but which are nevertheless found in Lab include the presence of the compound perfect and the pluperfect.
History
It is believed that Lab Albanian split from its sibling dialects of Cham, Arvanitika and Arbereshe some time in the Middle Ages. Since then, its features have evolved through a variety of influences: language contact with Greek and specifically the Himariote dialect , isolation in mountainous regions and influence from Gheg dialects as Gheg speakers migrated to Lab areas in the Late Middle Ages and during the Ottoman era .
References
Citations
Sources
Albanian dialects
Pill is a village in North Somerset, England, situated on the southern bank of the Avon, about northwest of Bristol city centre. The village is the largest settlement in the civil parish of Pill and Easton-in-Gordano (until 2011 named Easton in Gordano). The former hamlets of Lodway and Ham Green are now contiguous with Pill, and the village of Easton in Gordano is nearby. The parish extends northwest beyond the M5 motorway to include the Royal Portbury Dock.
History
The name "Pill" comes from the Welsh word Pîl which denotes a tidal inlet or harbour. The later name Crockerne Pill (literally 'pottery wharf') arose from the fact that an industrial-scale pottery thrived nearby. The Ham Green Pottery kiln was excavated about 50 years ago and is located in the fields above Chapel Pill. The pottery was made in the period from 1100 AD to 1250 AD and was exported from Pill by boat.
The so-called 'Ham Green' pottery has been found and identified in archaeological digs from the Algarve in Portugal to Iceland. It is an important archaeological 'dating tool' because the period of manufacture is so precise. Bristol City Museum has a good selection of pottery artifacts from the site and other locations showing the unique decoration and form of Ham Green pottery but the only item on display is a large jug at the M Shed.
The town was traditionally the residence of pilots, who would guide boats up the Avon Gorge, between the Bristol Channel and the Port of Bristol. The port moved in the 20th century to Avonmouth and the Royal Portbury Dock. Pill was once home to 21 public houses and was known as being a rough place, to the extent that the founder of the Methodist Church, John Wesley, says in an entry in his journals for 3 October 1755:
The 1860s saw the building of the Portishead Railway line between Bristol Temple Meads and Portishead. The line, which was opened to passengers in 1863, passed right through the village of Pill, with the result that a large number of buildings had to be demolished to allow its necessary straight and level passage.
The railway also consumed many acres of farm land during its construction. However, it brought new life to the area, not to mention new blood as many of the navvies working the line met and married local girls and stayed on to raise their families after the line was completed. They brought new names, some of which are still with us today, over 100 years on.
The small ferry from Pill to Shirehampton closed because of loss of trade once the opening of the Avonmouth Bridge in 1974 enabled pedestrians to walk over the Avon. So a transport link to and from the parish of Easton-in-Gordano, one that had survived since Medieval times, was closed and the river mud has swallowed up most of the now unattended slipways. The village and its vanished ferry are commemorated in the Adge Cutler and The Wurzels song "Pill Pill".
In 1971 the Royal National Lifeboat Institution stationed an inshore lifeboat at Pill. It was withdrawn in 1974.
Amenities
The parish has four places of worship: St George's, Easton-in-Gordano; Christ Church, Pill; The Salvation Army and Pill Methodist Church.
Pill has several shops in the centre for day-to-day needs, including two Southern Co-operative food stores, pharmacy, Post Office, vets and hair salon. Pill has several take-away restaurants; however, it can no longer boast 21 pubs and currently has only four: The Kings Head, The Star, The Duke and the Pill Memorial Club, although this excludes the nearby pubs in Easton in Gordano.
It is commonly used as a place for commuting to Bristol as it has transport links, being close to the M5 and Bristol.
Pill railway station, which closed in 1964, is due to reopen by 2024.
Pill marks the start of the National Cycle Network 33 (the Wessex Cycleway), which also takes in Clevedon, Weston-super-Mare, Bridgwater, Chard and Seaton.
Clubs and Societies – Easton-in-Gordano Table-Tennis Club (meets Thursday nights) has been running since 1956 when the Church Memorial Hall was opened. The Luncheon Club provides a weekly get together for the elderly on Thursdays at the Community Centre. The village is proud of all its community activities full details of which are included in the Community Diary held at the Resource Centre (Precinct).
Governance
An electoral ward with the same name exists. It has the same area and the population taken at the 2011 census was 3,525.
Schools
St Katherine's School, located at Ham Green within Abbots Leigh parish, not actually in Pill, with approximately 1,000 students aged 11–18.
Crockerne Primary School, which is located in the village and caters for Nursery to Year 6 pupils. The school has one of North Somerset's first children's centres, officially opened on 1 July 2006, as well as a small, indoor, heated swimming pool and an active PTA.
Trivia
The Pill Ferry has been immortalised in the 2013 book by Shirehampton author, Mark Jones (writing as Philippa Perry), Tabitha Miggins: Ship's Cat (On the Pill Ferry). The book mentions the hobblers, Pill pilots and various of Pill's public houses, most especially The Duke of Cornwall, which overlooks the old ferry slipway. Bristol-based entertainer, the late Adge Cutler, wrote a song about Pill, which is still sung by his group The Wurzels.
Ham Green Hospital
In 1894 Bristol Council purchased Ham Green House, a large country house with land at Ham Green for use as an isolation hospital, to replace a hospital ship (Margareda) moored in the Port of Bristol. It opened as a hospital in 1899 with 76 beds and was periodically expanded, by 1950 it had 500 beds available for TB patients alone. In 1978 it was selected as the 'Regional Infectious & Exotic Diseases Unit', covering the whole of SW England and parts of S Wales. It was largely closed in the 1990s. Bristol Archives holds records of Ham Green Hospital (and its predecessor institutions) including medical officers' records, letter books, patient lists and patient registers (Ref. 38224) (online catalogue). The original Ham Green House is now the home of Penny Brohn Cancer Care, much of the rest of the site was redeveloped for housing and the Eden Office Park.
Notable individuals
Hicks Withers-Lancashire
References
External links
North Somerset Council
St Katherine's School
Portishead Railway Group
Tabitha Miggins: Ship's Cat (On the Pill Ferry) – Philippa Perry's recent book, which is based (mostly) in Pill
Villages in North Somerset
Ports and harbours of Somerset
The Blue Danube is a 1928 American silent romantic drama film starring Leatrice Joy. This picture was produced by Cecil B. DeMille and directed by Paul Sloane with a distribution through Pathé Exchange.
Plot
A romance set in Austria before, during, and after World War I.
Cast
Leatrice Joy as Marguerite
Joseph Schildkraut as Ludwig
Nils Asther as Erich von Statzen
Seena Owen as Helena Boursch
Albert Gran as Herr Bourscch
Frank Reicher as Baron
May Robson
Edna Mae Cooper
Oliver Eckhardt as Fritz
Preservation
A print of The Blue Danube is preserved at the Library of Congress.
References
External links
Lantern slide for the film
Stills at the Nils Asther website
1928 films
American silent feature films
American romantic drama films
Films set in Austria
Films set in the 1910s
American black-and-white films
Pathé Exchange films
Films directed by Paul Sloane
1928 romantic drama films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Carenum politissimum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Maximilien Chaudoir in 1868.
References
Politissimum
Beetles described in 1868
Ernest Knapman (second ¼ 1899 – death unknown) was an English rugby union and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s. He played representative level rugby union (RU) for England (non-Test), South of England and Devon, and at club level for Torquay RUFC, as a fullback, i.e. number 15, and representative level rugby league (RL) for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Oldham (Heritage № 205), as a , i.e. number 1.
Background
Ernest Knapman's birth was registered in Okehampton district, Devon.
Playing career
International honours
Ernest Knapman represented England (RU) while at Torquay in 1920 against the North of England, won a cap for England (RL) while at Oldham in 1925 against Wales, and won a cap for Great Britain (RL) while at Oldham in 1924 in the 8-16 defeat by New Zealand at Carlaw Park, Auckland on Saturday 2 August 1924.
Region and County honours
Ernest Knapman represented South of England (RU) while at Torquay in 1920 against the North of England, and represented Devon (RU) on seven occasions while at Torquay.
Championship Final appearances
Ernest Knapman played in Oldham's 2-13 defeat by Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1921–22 season at The Cliff, Broughton on Saturday 6 May 1922.
County League appearances
About Ernest Knapman's time, there was Oldham's victory in the Lancashire County League during the 1921–22 season .
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Ernest Knapman played , and scored a penalty goal in Oldham's 4-21 defeat by Wigan in the 1924 Challenge Cup Final during the 1923–24 season at Athletic Grounds, Rochdale on Saturday 12 April 1924. About Ernest Knapman's time, there was Oldham's 16-3 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the 1925 Challenge Cup Final during the 1924–25 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium, the 3-9 defeat by Swinton in the 1926 Challenge Cup Final during the 1925–26 season at Athletic Grounds, Rochdale, and the 26-7 victory over Swinton in the 1927 Challenge Cup Final during the 1926–27 season at Central Park, Wigan.
County Cup Final appearances
About Ernest Knapman's time, there was Oldham's 5-7 defeat by Warrington in the 1921 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1921–22 season at The Cliff, Broughton, Salford on Saturday 3 December 1921, and played in the 10-0 victory over St Helens Recs in the 1924 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1924–25 season at The Willows, Salford on Saturday 22 November 1924.
Contemporaneous article extract
"E. Knapman' Oldham and England (Northern Rugby league.) One of the finest defensive players in the League is Ernest Knapman, who joined Oldham in January 1921. He played as schoolboy for Upton School, Torquay, and in 1920 was full back for his town fifteen. He appeared seven times in the Rugby Union County Championship, and in 1920 played for England against the North at Bradford, and for the South against the North at Leicester. He was reserve for England against Wales in 1920, and a member of the touring side to Australasia in 1924. He was born in Torquay in 1899."
References
External links
(archived by web.archive.org) Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
Search for "Knapman" at espnscrum.com
1899 births
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
English rugby union players
Footballers who switched code
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Oldham R.L.F.C. players
People from Okehampton
Place of death missing
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Devon
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union players from Torquay
Year of death missing
The 1987 Lafayette Leopards football team was an American football team that represented Lafayette College during the 1987 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Lafayette finished fourth in the Colonial League.
In their seventh year under head coach Bill Russo, the Leopards compiled a 4–7 record. Jim Johnson and Dave MacPhee were the team captains.
Despite posting a losing record, the Leopards outscored opponents 264 to 257. Lafayette's 2–3 conference record placed fourth in the six-team Colonial League standings.
Lafayette played its home games at Fisher Field on College Hill in Easton, Pennsylvania.
Schedule
References
Lafayette
Lafayette Leopards football seasons
Lafayette Leopards football
Moose Hill Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary located in Sharon, Massachusetts. The property is the oldest property of the Massachusetts Audubon Society, established in 1916. It is adjacent to Moose Hill Farm, which is owned by the Trustees of Reservations.
The nature center on Moose Hill Parkway was acquired in 1990. The center displays rotating exhibits throughout the year. The sanctuary consists of habitats including forest, freshwater marsh, meadow, eskers and kettle holes. Over 160 species of birds have been observed on the property. A bird checklist is available.
Programs
Moose Hill has many public programs. There is an outdoor summer day camp for children 3 - 14. Additionally, for adults, there are various clubs and programs. For example, instructors are available to demonstrate how to make maple syrup during maple sugaring season.
Trails
The of trails in Moose Hill include the Summit Trail, the Vernal Pool Loop, the Billings Loop, and the Bluff Trail.
The Bay Circuit Trail and the Warner Trail cross the property.
Gallery
References
External links
1916 establishments in Massachusetts
Massachusetts Audubon Society
Nature centers in Massachusetts
Protected areas established in 1916
Protected areas of Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Sharon, Massachusetts
Wildlife refuges in Massachusetts
Gonzo is the fifth studio album by American rock band Foxy Shazam. The album was announced and self-released for free online downloads on April 2, 2014. A limited quantity of the album was also made available on vinyl records. The band supported Gonzo on their headlining "Gonzo Tour" from May to August 2014 across the United States.
Recording and production
Gonzo was recorded, in its entirety, in a single room in Chicago, Illinois and produced by Steve Albini. The majority of the instrumentals and vocals on the album were recorded in the same room at the same time; only one overdub was used on the entire record. When asked why Foxy Shazam decided to record with Steve Albini, lead singer Eric Nally stated that they chose Albini because, "he's really the only person around nowadays on his level who just records. He doesn't try to stick his hands in any creativeness. He just captures what you're doing, in a really amazing way."
Track listing
All songs written and composed by Foxy Shazam.
Personnel
Foxy Shazam
Eric Sean Nally - Vocals
Sky White - Keyboards
Daisy Caplan - Bass
Loren Turner - Guitar
Alex Nauth - Horns/Backing vocals
Aaron McVeigh - Drums
References
2014 albums
Foxy Shazam albums
albums produced by Steve Albini
The BMA process or Degussa process is a chemical process developed by the German chemical company Degussa for the production of hydrogen cyanide from methane and ammonia in presence of a platinum catalyst. Hydrogen cyanide is used in the chemical industry for the production of intermediate chemicals like acrylonitrile, methyl methacrylate, and adiponitrile.
The name is abbreviated from Blausäure (hydrogen cyanide) from Methan (methane) and Ammoniak (ammonia) in German.
The reaction equation is analog to the steam methane reforming (SMR) reaction of methane and water:
CH4 + NH3 → HCN + 3 H2, ΔHR = 251 kJ / mol
The reaction is extremely endothermic. The reactants react in a Platinum-covered pipe at approximately 1400 °C. The reaction mixture contains around 23 Vol.-% HCN and 72 Vol.-% H2 as well as minor quantities of ammonia, nitrogen, and unreacted methane.
The gaseous mixture is introduced in a scrubber and treated with an ammonia solution (producing ammonium cyanide) allowing the other gaseous components: H2, CH4, and N2 to pass through. In a second step the HCN is released by acidification of the solution, followed by a final distillation of the hydrogen cyanide. Because of the highly endothermic reaction, the BMA process is of lower importance for the production of HCN compared to the Andrussow process.
References
External links
Process description
Chemical processes
Catalysis
Limones is a barrio in the municipality of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,234.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Limones barrio was 1,139.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Limones barrio:
, and .
Places
The Ángel Noel Velázquez Ortiz basketball court, named after a local of Yabucoa, is located in the in Limones.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Yabucoa, Puerto Rico
U.S. Route 431 (US 431), internally designated by the Alabama Department of Transportation (ALDOT) as State Route 1 (SR 1), is a major north–south state highway across the eastern part of the U.S. state of Alabama. Although US 431's south end is in Dothan, SR 1 continues south for about along US 231 to the Florida state line.
Route description
SR 1 is primarily the unsigned partner route assigned to US 431.The two routes run concurrently from the southern terminus of US 431 at Dothan to the Tennessee state line. South of Dothan, SR 1 is assigned to US 231.
US 231 enters Alabama in Meridianville with US 431. The two routes continue south until it becomes Memorial Parkway. This route is a freeway with Texas U-turns and frontage roads. It junctions with US 72 east. It continues south for about until it junctions with US 72 west. Immediately after this concurrency terminus, I-565 is featured in another junction as downtown Huntsville rises into view to the east. After a parclo with old SR 20/Clinton Avenue, US 431 loses US 231 at its junction with SR 53. It turns onto Governor's Drive and gains unsigned SR 1. It passes by the hub of the Huntsville Hospital system, which runs throughout North Alabama, and begins its journey across Monte Sano mountain. After leaving the mountain range, it has no more major junctions past this point as it loses the Governor's Drive name. It eventually passes into Marshall County.
After about of hilly terrain, the route crosses the Tennessee River and enters Guntersville, junctioning with SR 79 north. It continues south and splits into two one-way streets; one for each direction. It junctions with SR 227 and SR 69's termini before losing SR 79 south. It turns almost east-to-west and climbs up Sand Mountain. This grade is so steep that there is a runaway truck ramp northbound. It junctions with SR 205's western terminus and enters Albertville. It junctions with SR 75 and leaves the city, entering Boaz and junctioning with SR 205 and SR 179. It then enters Etowah County at Sardis City.
It descends into Ridgeville and junctions with SR 77 and almost immediately junctions with US 278 west. These junctions are immediately beside a railroad track. US 278 and US 431 travel concurrently to Attalla. They maintain a short concurrency with US 11. US 278 and US 431 leave US 11 and cross under a notable railroad bridge, known for its low clearance. The routes then junction with Interstate 59 (I-59). They immediately enter into Gadsden and junction with SR 211. US 431 and US 278 junction with US 411 and cross a bridge over the Coosa River. The routes junction with George Wallace Drive, which leads to I-759. US 278 leaves US 431 and continues east to Hokes Bluff. US 431 enters Glencoe and crosses into Calhoun County.
The route enters into Wellington and junctions with SR 204. The route then climbs and descends multiple hills as it enters into Alexandria, where it junctions with SR 144. It eventually climbs up a steep hill and gives drivers a great view of Anniston, Cheaha State Park, and some of the highest mountains in Alabama as it descends a steep grade into Anniston. It junctions with SR 21 at another parclo interchange and turns south into Oxford. The route junctions with US 78 and immediately junctions with I-20. The route merges with I-20 and about , it leaves it, turning south, and immediately enters Cleburne County.
The route enters Cheaha State Park, and passes through the forest, junctioning with SR 281, which climbs up to the crest of Mount Cheaha, the highest mountain in the state. It leaves the forest and enters Hollis Crossroads, junctioning with SR 9. It enters Randolph County.
The route has no major junctions until it enters Wedowee. It junctions with SR 48. It leaves Wedowee as a short four-lane divided highway. It regains its two-laned status and eventually enters Roanoke. Here, it junctions with SR 22. It then enters Chambers County.
The route passes through Five Points before crossing into La Fayette. Here, SR 77 returns to the scene as SR 50 has its junction in south La Fayette. In Oak Bowery, US 431 junctions with SR 147. It enters Lee County for about a mile before crossing back into Chambers County. It cuts a corner of Lee County before re-entering into Chambers County for under a mile. It finally enters into Lee County completely, not cutting another corner.
It passes through eastern Opelika before reaching a turn and immediately junctioning with I-85, US 29, and US 280. It gains US 280 and continues along a four-lane divided highway into Russell County.
The two routes run concurrently with US 80 in western Phenix City. It loses US 80 and then leaves US 280 just short of the Georgia line at the Chattahoochee River. In rural Russell County, the route junctions with SR 165. In Seale, it junctions with SR 26. It passes through Pittsview. It then crosses the line into Barbour County.
The route junctions again with SR 165 and crosses a fork of the Chattahoochee River. It enters Eufaula and junctions with US 82 west. Just before the route can cross the river into Georgia, it loses US 82 and moves away from the state line. In rural Barbour County, the route junctions with SR 30, SR 131, and SR 95, also crossing multiple forks of the Chattahoochee River, but not crossing the state line. It crosses the line into Henry County.
It moves farther away from the state line as it enters Abbeville. It junctions with SR 10 and SR 27. It makes the long journey through straight terrain down to Headland. It junctions with SR 134 and leaves the city. It then enters Houston County. The route has entered the Dothan Metropolitan Area.
The route eventually reaches the Ross Clark Circle, which is US 84 at this point. It joins it as it passes through east Dothan. It loses US 84 and continues southwest independently with SR 210, the Ross Clark Circle. It junctions with SR 53 once again as it nears its southern terminus. The beltway turns to the northwest and junctions with US 231 and US 231 Bus. and US 431 Bus., both of which pass through Dothan. SR 1 turns south with US 231, The two business routes end, and US 431 ultimately ends its long journey across east Alabama.
US 431 is a very important route throughout east Alabama, and is traversed by many people alongside US 231 and I-65.
History
Four-lane routing
One of the criticisms of US 431 in its entirety from Kentucky to Alabama was that it was mainly a two-lane road. ALDOT has prioritized four-laning the route in Alabama as a viable north–south road corridor in the eastern part of the state.
Of particular concern was the segment from Seale south to the Barbour County line, where rolling hills along the original alignment limit the visibility of oncoming traffic, contributing to poor decisions by motorists to pass, resulting in numerous head-on collisions. In this segment alone, 31 people were killed in crashes between 1992 and 2006, leading Readers Digest to proclaim it one of "America's Deadliest Highways" in 2000. After being contacted by and subsequently meeting the family of a fatal crash victim in 2003, ALDOT Director Joe McInnes decided to expedite the construction on the last remaining stretch of two-lane road between Seale and the Barbour County line. This section was completed and opened in late 2010. The old alignment in Russell County is still open to traffic and is now labeled County Route 137.
Traveling south from Tennessee, as of mid-2009, US 431 is a four-lane route to Oxford. Then, after diverting from I-20 east of Oxford at exit 191, it reverts to a two-lane highway southward to Opelika, with a brief four-lane stretch just south of Wedowee. From Opelika southward to its southern terminus in Dothan, US 431 is now open as a four-lane highway.
Anniston Eastern Bypass
The Anniston Eastern Bypass, officially named the McClellan Veterans Parkway, is a realigned US 431, east of downtown Anniston and downtown Oxford. Since the early 1990s, bypasses have been planned on both sides of town to alleviate traffic on Quintard Avenue, the main north–south traffic artery in the region. Despite being planned for years, construction did not begin until after receiving funding in a 2009 economic stimulus bill. Prior to the start of construction, archeological work on part of the route that passed through Fort McClellan located Native American spearpoints and an American Civil War homestead.
The bypass runs from I-20 exit 188 (Leon Smith Parkway), following the Golden Springs Road northwards, and cross the Choccolocco Foothills, then crosses over SR 21/McClellan Boulevard. It is complete from McIntosh Road to where the former alignment of US 431 merged with SR 21 which was resconstructed. The northern portion, which began construction in 2010, is built with two at-grade intersections (McClellan Bypass and Summerall Road) and one trumpet interchange (SR 21/McClellan Boulevard). Much development has been the result of this highway in the past decade along I-20 in Oxford and it is regarded as a way to redevelop McClellan as well as north Anniston.
The total cost of the project was $164 million; the final stretch of the road to be constructed is complete as of December 2015, and work on the US 431 tie-in continued into 2016 before completion. US 431 follows this route from I-20 northward.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
31-4
Transportation in Madison County, Alabama
Transportation in Marshall County, Alabama
Transportation in Etowah County, Alabama
Transportation in Calhoun County, Alabama
Transportation in Cleburne County, Alabama
Transportation in Randolph County, Alabama
Transportation in Chambers County, Alabama
Transportation in Lee County, Alabama
Transportation in Russell County, Alabama
Transportation in Barbour County, Alabama
Transportation in Henry County, Alabama
Transportation in Houston County, Alabama
Alabama
The Lyons River is a river in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia.
The headwaters of the Lyons rise just west of the Teano Range and the river flows generally south-west, joined by 36 tributaries including the Edmund River, Frederick River, Onslow Creek, Gifford Creek, Koorabooka Creek and Ulura Creek. The Lyons reaches its confluence with the Gascoyne River near the township of Gascoyne Junction near the southern end of the Kennedy Range. The river descends over its course.
Several permanent pools of water exist along the river including Cattle Pool, Windarrie Pool and Bubbawonnara Pool.
The Lyons River is known as Mithering by the local Indigenous Australians, the Malgaru. The first European to come upon the river was explorer Francis Gregory in 1858, he named the river after the naval hero Admiral Sir Edmund Lyons.
See also
List of rivers in Western Australia
References
Rivers of the Gascoyne region
Ketonuria is a medical condition in which ketone bodies are present in the urine.
It is seen in conditions in which the body produces excess ketones as an indication that it is using an alternative source of energy. It is seen during starvation or more commonly in type 1 diabetes mellitus. Production of ketone bodies is a normal response to a shortage of glucose, meant to provide an alternate source of fuel from fatty acids.
Pathophysiology
Ketones are metabolic end-products of fatty acid metabolism. In healthy individuals, ketones are formed in the liver and are completely metabolized so that only negligible amounts appear in the urine. However, when carbohydrates are unavailable or unable to be used as an energy source, fat becomes the predominant body fuel instead of carbohydrates and excessive amounts of ketones are formed as a metabolic byproduct. Higher levels of ketones in the urine indicate that the body is using fat as the major source of energy.
Ketone bodies that commonly appear in the urine when fats are burned for energy are acetoacetate and beta-hydroxybutyric acid. Acetone is also produced and is expired by the lungs. Normally, the urine should not contain a noticeable concentration of ketones to give a positive reading. As with tests for glucose, acetoacetate can be tested by a dipstick or by a lab. The results are reported as small, moderate, or large amounts of acetoacetate. A small amount of acetoacetate is a value under 20 mg/dL; a moderate amount is a value of 30–40 mg/dL, and a finding of 80 mg/dL or greater is reported as a large amount.
One 2010 study admits that though ketonuria's relation to general metabolic health is ill-understood, there is a positive relationship between the presence of ketonuria after fasting and positive metabolic health.
Causes
Metabolic abnormalities such as diabetes, renal glycosuria, or glycogen storage disease.
Dietary conditions such as starvation, fasting, low-carbohydrate diets, prolonged vomiting, and anorexia including caused by hyperemesis gravidarum.
Conditions in which metabolism is increased, such as hyperthyroidism, fever, pregnancy or lactation.
In non-diabetic persons, ketonuria may occur during acute illness or severe stress. Approximately 15% of hospitalized patients may have ketonuria, even though they do not have diabetes. In a diabetic patient, ketone bodies in the urine suggest that the patient is not adequately controlled and that adjustments of medication, diet, or both should be made promptly. In the non diabetic patient, ketonuria reflects a reduced carbohydrate metabolism and an increased fat metabolism.
Diagnosis
A wide variety of companies manufacture ketone screening strips. A strip consists of a thin piece of plastic film slightly larger than a matchstick, with a reagent pad on one end that is either dipped into a urine sample or passed through the stream while the user is voiding. The pad is allowed to react for an exact, specified amount of time (it is recommended to use a stopwatch to time this exactly and disregard any resultant colour change after the specified time); its resulting colour is then compared to a graded shade chart indicating a detection range from negative presence of ketones up to a significant quantity. In severe diabetic ketoacidosis, the dipstix reaction based on sodium nitroprusside may underestimate the level of ketone bodies in the blood. It is sensitive to acetoacetate only, and the ratio of beta-hydroxybutyric to acetoacetate is shifted from a normal value of around 1:1 up to around 10:1 under severely ketoacetotic conditions, due to a changing redox milieu in the liver. Measuring acetoacetate alone will thus underestimate the accompanying beta-hydroxybutyrate if the standard conversion factor is applied.
Screening
Screening for ketonuria is done frequently for acutely ill patients, presurgical patients, and pregnant women. Any diabetic patient who has elevated levels of blood and urine glucose should be tested for urinary ketones. In addition, when diabetic treatment is being switched from insulin to oral hypoglycemic agents, the patient's urine should be monitored for ketonuria. The development of ketonuria within 24 hours after insulin withdrawal usually indicates a poor response to the oral hypoglycemic agents. Diabetic patients should have their urine tested regularly for glucose and ketones, particularly when acute infection or other illness develops.
In conditions associated with acidosis, urinary ketones are tested to assess the severity of acidosis and to monitor treatment response. Urine ketones appear before there is any significant increase in blood ketones; therefore, urine ketone measurement is especially helpful in emergency situations.
References
External links
National Institute of Health (NIH) webpage on Ketonuria
Abnormal clinical and laboratory findings for urine
Shelley's sunbird (Cinnyris shelleyi) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is found in Democratic Republic of the Congo, Malawi, Mozambique, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe. The species is named after George Ernest Shelley, an English geologist and ornithologist and nephew of poet Percy Bysshe Shelley.
The subspecies C. s. hofmanni has been recognized by the International Ornithological Congress (IOC) as a separate species, Hofmann's sunbird.
References
BirdLife International 2004. Nectarinia shelleyi. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 26 July 2007.
Shelley's sunbird
Birds of East Africa
Shelley's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Olonets Government was a short-lived state that existed in 1920 in the southern part of modern-day Republic of Karelia in Russia. The government formed in Olonets in May 1920, before fleeing to Finland in August the same year when its territories were captured by the Russian Red Army. On 20 December 1920 the Olonets government merged with the Republic of Uhtua to form the Karelian United Government.
References
States and territories established in 1920
States and territories disestablished in 1920
1920 in Finland
Russian Civil War
South Karelia
Caninus was an American deathgrind band formed as a side project by Most Precious Blood guitarist Justin Brannan, Rachel Rosen, drummer Colin Thundercurry and two female pitbull terriers, Budgie and Basil. They were signed to War Torn Records and had three releases, including a split with Hatebeak and a 7" split with death metal band Cattle Decapitation. In 2008, Richard Christy played the drums on an unknown number of songs for Caninus.
On January 5, 2011, Basil, one of Caninus's pitbulls, died. Basil had been diagnosed with a brain tumor and was euthanized. The band has ended because of the dog's death. Vocalist Budgie also died in early 2016.
Past members
Basil – vocals
Budgie – vocals
Buddy Bronson – bass
Justin Brannan – guitar
Rachel Rosen – guitar
Richard Christy – drums
Blast Thundercurry (Colin Kercz) – drums
Rocky Raccoon – drums
Thunder Hammer Attack – drums
L. Ron Howard – drums
Discography
Now the Animals Have a Voice, album (2004)
Caninus/Hatebeak, split (2005)
Cattle Decapitation/Caninus, split (2005)
See also
Hatebeak
Zoomusicology
References
External links
Official band website
Zoomusicology
Deathgrind musical groups
American grindcore musical groups
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups disestablished in 2011
Pterostylis hildae, commonly known as the rainforest greenhood, is a species of orchid found in eastern Australia. It has a rosette of leaves and when flowering a rosette at the base of a flowering stem with a single green, white and brown flower. It is found in wet forests, including rainforest in New South Wales and Queensland.
Description
Pterostylis hildae is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a rosette of between two and four elliptic leaves, each leaf long and wide. The leaves have a distinct petiole and sometimes a wavy edge. When flowering, there is a single green, white and brown flower long and wide which is borne on a flowering spike high. The dorsal sepal and petals are fused to form a hood or "galea" over the column and the petals and dorsal sepal have a short point on their tips which end at or near horizontal. There is a wide gap at each side of the flower between the petals and lateral sepals. The lateral sepals are erect with a tapering tip long no higher than the galea and there is a curved sinus with a deep notch between them. The labellum is long, about wide, curved and projects through the sinus. Flowering occurs from March to October.
Taxonomy and naming
Pterostylis hildae was first described in 1937 by William Nicholls and the description was published in The Victorian Naturalist from a specimen collected on Tamborine Mountain. The specific epithet (hildae) honours Hilda Geissmann for her contributions to nature study in Queensland.
Distribution and habitat
The rainforest greenhood is widespread and common in wet forest and rainforest between the Atherton Tableland in Queensland and Wollongong in New South Wales.
References
External links
hildae
Orchids of Queensland
Orchids of New South Wales
Plants described in 1937
The Central Area, Ipswich is one of five administrative areas in Ipswich, through which Ipswich Borough Council divides its spending and enables feedback from local residents, businesses and community groups.
The area is composed of three wards, each represented by three councillors. Each ward is also a Middle Layer Super Output Area (MSOA). As of the 2019 Ipswich Borough Council election, the councillors are as follows:
These Councillors form the Central Area Committee of which Julian Gibbs is the chair. They are joined by three Suffolk County Councillors:
The area is also covered by a Neighbourhood Watch network which comprises 35 neighbourhood watch schemes.
References
Areas in Ipswich
Central Area, Ipswich
The 1961 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State College (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1961 NCAA University Division football season. In its fourth season under head coach Billy J. Murphy, the team compiled an 8–2 record and outscored opponents by a total of 332 to 75. Don Coffey and Jack Carter were the team captains. The team played its home games at Crump Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included James Earl Wright with 604 passing yards, fullback Dave Casinelli with 646 rushing yards and 54 points scored, and Don Coffey with 312 receiving yards.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Zafar Beg Bhittani is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-47 (Tribal Area-XII) as an independent candidate in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 21,426 votes and defeated an independent candidate, Nasim Afridi.
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-47 (Tribal Area-XII) as an independent candidate in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 28 votes and lost the seat to Qaiser Jamal.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
People from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Football Federation of the 2nd Department San Pedro (Federación de Fútbol Segundo Departamento San Pedro) is the departamental governing body of football (soccer) in the department of San Pedro, in Paraguay. The federation is responsible for the organization of football leagues in the different cities of the department and it is also the regulator of the clubs. The main office of this federation is located in the city of San Pedro.
Tournaments for each league of this federation are played every year to determine the best teams. Afterwards, the champions of each league face each other to determine the best team in the department, with the overall winner being promoted to a higher division in the Paraguayan football league system.
Leagues in San Pedro
Liga Aguaray de Fútbol
The Liga Aguaray de Fútbol is based in the city of Lima. The following teams are part of this league:
Atlético Limpeño
Mariscal López
15 de Mayo
Mayor Hermosa
Sportivo Número Uno
Aquidaban
Jovenes Unidos
Sportivo San Antonio
Liga Deportiva Capiibary
The Liga Deportiva Capiibary is based in the city of Capiibary. The following teams are part of this league:
Atlético Universal
26 de Febrero
Sportivo 1 de Marzo
4 de Mayo
Sportivo Capiibary
Colonos Unidos
1 de Mayo
1 de Marzo
14 de Mayo
Nueva Estrella
Atlético Central
3 de Noviembre
24 de Junio
24 de Mayo
Liga Deportiva de Choré
The Liga Deportiva de Choré is based in the city of Choré. The following teams are part of this league:
Sol de Mayo
Dr. Juan Manuel Frutos
Coronel Panchito López
Sportivo Coe Pyta
13 de Mayo FBC
General Caballero
El Porvenir
Santa Elena
6 de Enero
Nueva Estrella
El Millonario de Nuclear N° 3
Sportivo Cocuera FBC
Liga Gral. Aquino de Fútbol
The Liga Gral. Aquino de Fútbol is based in the city of General Aquino. The following teams are part of this league:
24 de Mayo
1 de Marzo
Teniente Turo
Cerro Porteño
12 de Agosto
6 de Enero
Olimpia
Sportivo Ñumbue
Sportivo San Blas
8 de Diciembre
Cerro León
13 de Diciembre
General Aquino
Mariscal Estigarribia
Guaraní
12 de Junio
Sportivo Luqueño
Sportivo Corralense
Liga Deportiva Gral. Resquín
The Liga Deportiva Gral. Resquín is based in the city of Gral. Resquin. The following teams are part of this league:
Universal
Atlético Central
Union Nacional
8 de Diciembre
Atletico Quiindy
Solar de San Vicente
1 de Enero
20 de Julio
Atletico Central
8 de Diciembre
3 de Febrero
San José Central
13 de Mayo
Liga Germanina de Deportes
The Liga Germanina de Deportes is based in the city of Nueva Germania. The following teams are part of this league:
Cerro Porteño
Sportivo 24 de Junio
15 de Agosto FBC
Atletico Aguaray Mi
3 de Mayo
Olimpia
Liga Deportiva de Guayaybí
The Liga Deportiva de Guayaybí is based in the city of Guayaybí. The following teams are part of this league:
Hijos de Defensores del Chaco
Raza Guaraní
29 de Junio
Atletico River Plate
8 de Diciembre
12 de Junio
Nueva Estrella
8 de Diciembre
Mariscal Estigarribia
Sportivo Amistad
Atletico Independiente
Sportivo Santo Domingo
Liga Residenta de Fútbol
The Liga Residenta de Fútbol is based in the city of Itacurubí del Rosario. The following teams are part of this league:
Cerro Porteño
Sportivo Itacurubi
12 de Octubre
General Caballero
Mariscal Estigarribia
Libertad FBC
Sportivo Lujan
Deportivo Sol de Mayo
Sportivo San Luis
Sportivo Morel
Atlético General Stroessner
Liga Rosarina de Deportes
The Liga Rosarina de Deportes is based in the city of Villa del Rosario. The following teams are part of this league:
Cerro Corá
Mariscal López
General Stroessner
Sol de Mayo
Rosario Central
Independiente
24 de Noviembre
Defensores del Chaco
Liga Sampedrana de Deportes
The Liga Sampedrana de Deportes is based in the city of San Pedro Ycuamandyyú. The following teams are part of this league:
Libertad
29 de Junio
General Caballero FBC
1 de Marzo
General Marcial Samaniego FBC
Atletico Nanawa
Sportivo Villa Mercedes
Sportivo Santa Rosa
Liga Santaniana de Deportes
The Liga Santaniana de Deportes is based in the city of San Estanislao. The following teams are part of this league:
Olimpia
Mariscal Lopez FBC
Monte Alto
Union Agricola
13 de Noviembre
Atletico Defensores
Coronel Vicente Mongelos FBC
Sportivo San Lorenzo
8 de Diciembre
Sport Mboiy F.C.
Liga Deportiva Yataíty Corá
The Liga Deportiva Yataíty Corá is based in the city of Yataity Corá. The following teams are part of this league:
3 de Mayo
Libertad
8 de Diciembre
6 de Enero
24 de Junio
Olimpia
4 de octubre de mboiy
Liga Santarroseña de Deportes
The Liga Santarroseña de Deportes is based in the city of Yataity Corá. The following teams are part of this league:
29 de Junio
Atletico Central
Atletico Loma Pucú
Hijos del Norte
S.D. San Ramón
Juventud Unido
Sportivo 4 de Diciembre
Agro Sport Prosperidad
Atletico Kororo-í
External links
UFI Website
San Pedro
San Pedro Department, Paraguay
Ruba Nadda (born 6 December 1972) is a Canadian film director. She made several award-winning short films, including Lost Woman Story, Interstate Love Story, So Far Gone and Damascus Nights before writing and directing features I Always Come to You, Unsettled and Sabah. Her movie Cairo Time won the Best Canadian Feature Film award at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival and was Best Reviewed Romance on Rotten Tomatoes for 2010. She is known for shooting feature films in very short time spans.
Early life and education
Nadda was born to a Syrian father and a Palestinian mother.
Nadda studied literature at York University in Toronto, Ontario. She went on to study Film Production at NYU's Tisch School of the Arts.
Directing career
Nadda made her feature film debut with Sabah starring actress Arsinée Khanjian in the title role.
Her next film Cairo Time, starring Patricia Clarkson and Alexander Siddig, was released in 2009 and won Best Canadian Feature Film at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival.
In 2012 Nadda reunited with her Cairo Time star Siddig to film Inescapable, a thriller which also featured Marisa Tomei and Joshua Jackson.
Nadda released her next film October Gale in 2014. The film, a thriller set in Georgian Bay, would reunite her with her Cairo Time star Patricia Clarkson. The film premiered at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.
In September 2014 Nadda announced that she would be reuniting with Patricia Clarkson on a TV series for HBO titled Elisabeth.
Personal life
In September 2014 Nadda announced that she was seven months pregnant.
Filmography
Films
1997
Wet Heat Drifts Through the Afternoon
Interstate Love Story
Do Nothing
1998
The Wind Blows Towards Me Particularly
So Far Gone
Damascus Nights
1999
Slut
Laila
2000
I Always Come to You
Blue Turning Grey Over You
Black September
I Would Suffer Cold Hands for You
2001
Unsettled
2004
Aadan
2005
Sabah
2009
Cairo Time
2012
Inescapable
2015
October Gale
Television
2016-2017
Killjoys
2016
This Life
2017-2018
NCIS: Los Angeles
2017-2019
Frankie Drake Mysteries
2017
Valor
2018
Hawaii Five-O
Taken
2019
Arrow
Roswell, New Mexico
The InBetween
Krypton
2020
Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector
2021
Murdoch Mysteries
Hudson & Rex (S3E3, Into the Wild)
2022
Queens (S1E12, Let the Past Be Past)
Riverdale
(S6E13, Chapter One Hundred and Eight: Ex-Libris)
Tom Swift (S1E8, ...And the Book of Isaac)
Awards
2009: Won Best Canadian Feature Film award at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival for Cairo Time
2010: Best Reviewed Romance on Rotten Tomatoes for 2010 for Cairo Time
References
External links
Cairo Time website
1972 births
Canadian people of Palestinian descent
Canadian people of Syrian descent
Canadian people of Arab descent
Canadian women film directors
Film directors from Montreal
Living people
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
York University alumni
Hamhung concentration camp (also spelled Hamheung) is a reeducation camp in North Korea. The official name of the camp is Kyo-hwa-so No. 9 (Reeducation camp no. 9). The sub-facility for women is sometimes called Kyo-hwa-so No. 15.
Location
The camp is located in Hamhung city, South Hamgyong province. The main facility for male prisoners is situated in Hoesang-dong, about northeast of downtown Hamhung. The sub-facility for female prisoners is across the railway station near Songwon-ri, a little village about northeast of the city center. Smaller sub-facilities are in Chongpyong county and in Kowon county, both also in South Hamgyong province.
Description
Hamhung concentration camp consists of five departments:
The 1st and 2nd departments are located in the main facility. Around 1,500 male prisoners have to produce Ssangma sewing machines and repair them. The building was erected as a colonial prison during the period of Japanese Occupation (1910 – 1945). It was later used as a factory and then as a prison factory since the 1990s.
The 3rd department in Songwon-ri is a prison farm with livestock facilities, rice paddies and vegetable patches, where 500 female prisoners have to work. It was erected in 1998 mainly for defectors.
The 4th department in Chongpyong-gun is a gold mine. The number of prisoners there is unknown.
The 5th department in Kowon-gun is a coal mine. The number of prisoners there is unknown.
Besides some common criminals there are many political prisoners, especially repatriated refugees in the camp.
Living conditions
Many prisoners sleep on straw and grass. In the 1st department prisoners sleep on the factory bridges to avoid the lice-infested concrete floor.
Food rations are very small and prisoners are always hungry. They only get some steamed corn and a watery cabbage soup or some bean porridge, but no salt or protein. In order to survive, the prisoners eat raw mice, snakes, frogs and insects they can find or grass, tree leaves or bark. Some prisoners even eat undigested beans or corn kernels from cow dung, although they are punished when detected. Ill prisoners still have to work to avoid beatings and reduced food rations. There is just one military doctor in the prison, no medical devices and almost no medicine. Prisoners often get infected when getting injections.
Working conditions
Former prisoners said they had to work from 5:00 a. m. (except in winter) to 7:00 p. m. with only two breaks. In the 3rd department women have to do hard farm work with poor and inadequate tools regardless of the weather. After dinner all prisoners have to attend re-education and mutual criticism sessions, often until 10:00 p.m. If prisoners fail to memorize the teachings of Kim Il-sung, their prison term is extended. The prison is surrounded by an electric fence and the prisoners are guarded by security officers 24 hours day and night.
Human rights violations
Former prisoners reported that inmates look like skeletons barely covered with skin or skinny sticks with big heads. In case prisoners do not meet their work quota or violate rules (e. g. if they steal food) they are severely kicked or beaten with rifle butts or wooden sticks. One of the witnesses described how she was beaten more than 30 times, though her head was injured and her ears and nose were bleeding. Another common punishment is the significant reduction of food rations. Prisoners in solitary confinement get almost no food.
In 2003 a former prisoner witnessed a public execution by firing squad with all prisoners gathered to watch. Witnesses testified that in winter 1999/2000 around 500 prisoners died in six months Many of them died in hard and dangerous work, when a tunnel from Hamhung concentration camp to Oro concentration camp was dug.
Bang Mi-sun reported that during her 18-month prison term around 20% of prisoners in her work group and in other work groups died. Corpses are burnt in large quantities in a furnace.
Female prisoners are often sexually assaulted and sometimes raped by security officers. Pregnant women are taken outside the prison to get forced abortions.
Prisoners (witnesses)
Bang Mi-sun (2000 – 2001 in Hamhung) was repatriated from China for illegal border-crossing.
An unidentified former prisoner (female, 1998 - 2000 in Hamhung) gave testimony to Anti-Slavery International about the camp. She was repatriated from China and imprisoned for illegal border crossing.
Eight other unidentified former prisoners (seven female, one male; between 1998 and 2007 in Hamhung) were interviewed by the Database Center for North Korean Human Rights. Most of them do not want to be identified out of fear that their relatives in North Korea might be punished.
See also
Human rights in North Korea
Kaechon concentration camp
North Korean defectors
Prisons in North Korea
References
External links
Committee for Human Rights in North Korea: The Hidden Gulag - Overview of North Korean prison camps with testimonies and satellite photographs
Database Center for North Korean Human Rights: Prisoners in North Korea Today - Comprehensive explanation of detention facilities in North Korea based on numerous defector testimonies
Report of the Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea – Detailed findings of the United Nations Commission
Concentration camps in North Korea
Aaron Allan Kampman (; born November 30, 1979) is a former American football defensive end who played ten seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the University of Iowa. He was drafted by Green Bay Packers in the fifth round of the 2002 NFL Draft, and also played for the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Early years
Aaron Kampman played high school football for Aplington–Parkersburg High School. Despite a student body of only 270, it has produced four NFL players. Kampman, Casey Wiegmann, Jared DeVries, and Brad Meester are all Aplington–Parkersburg graduates who played for the late Ed Thomas and went on to the NFL. Thomas was named the 2005 NFL High School Coach of the Year.
Kampman lettered three times in football and basketball and four times in track in high school. He was an all-state basketball player as a senior, and he placed third in the shot put at the state meet his junior and senior seasons.
In football, Kampman led Aplington–Parkersburg to three straight playoff appearances and a runner-up finish in the state championship as a junior. His teams had a record of 26–7 over his three years there. Kampman played the linebacker position and set school records for tackles in a game (26), a season (188), and a career (447). He was the team MVP his junior and senior seasons and team captain as a senior.
Kampman received a number of honors in high school. He was named the Iowa Class 2A Player of the Year, a USA Today second-team All-American, and a Parade Magazine All-American. Additionally, he was named district MVP and an Iowa all-state selection as a junior and as a senior, and he was an Elite all-state selection as a senior. Kampman also earned team MVP honors in the Iowa Shrine all-star game following his senior season, leading his team with 13 tackles.
College career
Kampman was highly recruited out of high school, and chose to attend the University of Iowa and play for coach Hayden Fry's Iowa Hawkeyes football team. Kampman played nine games as a true freshman in 1998, recording 49 tackles. After the season, Coach Fry retired, and Kampman played the rest of his career for Kirk Ferentz.
As a sophomore, Kampman started all 11 games for Iowa at linebacker, and he finished second on the team with 103 tackles. He had five games with ten or more tackles in 1999 and was academic All-Big Ten.
Prior to his junior season, Kampman switched positions from linebacker to defensive end. In 2000, he started all 12 games for Iowa at defensive end, but Iowa was struggling on the field. The Hawkeyes snapped a school-record 13 game losing streaks when they defeated Michigan State, 21–16. Kampman was the Big Ten Defensive Player of the Week that week, recording 16 tackles, a blocked field goal, and the first interception of his career. He had 94 tackles his junior season, and he was named honorable mention All-Big Ten. He was also a second-team academic All-American.
As a senior in 2001, Aaron Kampman started all 12 games for Iowa at defensive end. He had 96 tackles in 2001 and led the team with nine sacks. Iowa, which had only won seven games in Kampman's first three years combined, rebounded in 2001. The Hawkeyes faced Minnesota, needing just one more win to clinch their first winning record and first bowl bid since 1997. Kampman responded with possibly the best game of his college career, making 15 tackles and three sacks and leading Iowa to a 42–24 victory. He was named Big Ten Defensive Player of the Week for the second time in his career. He also had four tackles in his final game, Iowa's 19–16 win in the 2001 Alamo Bowl.
Kampman won the Hayden Fry "Extra Heartbeat" award and Iowa's Scholastic Achievement award. He was named first-team All-Big Ten and co-captain of the 2001 Hawkeyes. He finished his career with 342 tackles, the seventh best total in Iowa history. Kampman also named a first-team academic All-American in 2001.
Professional career
Pre-draft
4.75 in the 40-yard dash. 33-inch vertical jump. 420-pound bench press.
Green Bay Packers
Kampman was selected with the 21st pick in the fifth round of the 2002 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers.
Kampman started six games and registered 24 tackles as a rookie in 2002. He started 12 games in 2003 with 29 tackles, and led the NFC with three sacks in the 2003 playoffs. Kampman was also named the Packers' 2003 "Walter Payton Man of the Year" for community service.
Kampman had become a steady defender who anchored the left side of the Packers' line most of the prior two years. He started all 16 games for Green Bay in 2004, as well as their playoff game. He had a career-high 67 tackles in 2004 and improved to make 81 tackles in 2005.
On March 11, 2006, he signed a four-year $21 million contract extension to stay with the Packers. In week 8 of the 2006 NFL season Kampman was named the defensive player of the week after a solid performance against the Arizona Cardinals. He recorded two sacks and the Packer defense held Arizona to a total of 218 yards. In week 16, he registered another 3 sacks against the Minnesota Vikings to earn his second NFC defensive player of the week award. In earning this award he joined Reggie White (1998) as the only Packers to win defensive honors twice in the same season. In 2006 Kampman was second in the NFL, behind San Diego's Shawne Merriman with 15.5 sacks. He ended the season with 89 tackles. His achievements helped him earn a bid to the 2007 Pro Bowl as well as being named second-team All-Pro by the Associated Press.
On November 1, 2007, Kampman was named the NFC Defensive Player of the Month for October, having recorded 5.5 sacks during that time period.
Kampman attended the 2008 Pro Bowl, along with teammates Chad Clifton, Donald Driver, and Al Harris, as well as head coach Mike McCarthy. Packers defensive line coach Carl Hairston has called Kampman the most complete player he has coached in the NFL.
On December 7, 2009, Kampman was officially placed on injured reserve due to a knee injury he suffered earlier in the year versus the San Francisco 49ers in week 11.
Jacksonville Jaguars
Kampman signed with the Jacksonville Jaguars on March 6, 2010. He was released on June 7, 2012, after missing nearly the entire 2011 season due to injury.
Retirement
In 2013, he retired from the National Football League in which he played from 2002 to 2011 and played for two teams (Green Bay Packers and Jacksonville Jaguars).
NFL statistics
Key
GP: games played
COMB: combined tackles
TOTAL: total tackles
AST: assisted tackles
SACK: sacks
FF: forced fumbles
FR: fumble recoveries
FR YDS: fumble return yards
INT: interceptions
IR YDS: interception return yards
AVG IR: average interception return
LNG: longest interception return
TD: interceptions returned for touchdown
PD: passes defensed
Personal life
Kampman is married to Linde, the couple has three sons, Lucas, 18, Ben, 16, and Elijah, 14.
Kampman is also an online student at Dallas Theological Seminary.
Kampman is a supporter of Compassion International and their “Fill the Stadium” initiative.
References
External links
AaronKampman.com
1979 births
Living people
Players of American football from Iowa
Dallas Theological Seminary alumni
National Conference Pro Bowl players
American football defensive ends
American football outside linebackers
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
Green Bay Packers players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
People from Cedar Falls, Iowa
People from Parkersburg, Iowa
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Demobbed is a 1944 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Norman Evans, Nat Jackley, Gus McNaughton and Dan Young. Billed as "a musical comedy burlesque," its plot concerns a group of ex-soldiers who attempt to gain employment after being demobbed from the army.
Cast
Norman Evans - Norman
Nat Jackley - Nat
Dan Young - Dan
Betty Jumel - Betty
Tony Dalton - Billy Brown
Jimmy Plant - Graham
George Merritt - James Bentley
Fred Kitchen - Black
Arthur Hambling - Curtis
Gus McNaughton - Capt. Gregson
Marianne Lincoln - Marianne
Anne Firth - Norma Deane
Neville Mapp - John Bentley
Webster Booth - Himself
Anne Ziegler - Herself
Sydney Bromley - BBC Announcer
Kay Lewis - Norman Evan's Partner
Freddie Watts - Landlord of the Red Lion
Edgar Driver - the Bookie
Noel Dainton - Police Inspector
Marjorie Gresley - the Mother
Angela Glynne - the Child
Critical reception
TV Guide called it an "Occasionally okay slapstick comedy."
References
External links
1944 films
1944 comedy films
Films directed by John E. Blakeley
British comedy films
British black-and-white films
Films scored by Percival Mackey
Films shot in Greater Manchester
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
The Beethoven Quartet (, Strunnyĭ kvartet imeni Betkhovena) was a string quartet founded between 1922 and 1923 by graduates of the Moscow Conservatory: violinists Dmitri Tsyganov and Vasily Shirinsky, violist Vadim Borisovsky and cellist Sergei Shirinsky (half brother of Vasily). In 1931, they changed their name from the Moscow Conservatory Quartet to the Beethoven Quartet. In the course of its fifty-year history, the Quartet performed more than six hundred works and recorded more than two hundred Russian and international classical works.
From 1938, it collaborated closely with the composer Dmitri Shostakovich and premiered thirteen of his fifteen string quartets, Nos. 2 through 14. He dedicated his third and fifth quartets to the Beethoven Quartet, while later quartets were dedicated individually to the members: Quartet No. 11 to the memory of Vasily Shirinsky, Quartet No. 12 to Tsyganov, Quartet No. 13 to Borisovsky, and Quartet No. 14 to Sergei Shirinsky. In addition to the string quartets, the Beethoven Quartet also premiered the Piano Quintet with the composer at the piano, and likewise the second piano trio with two of the Quartet's players.
Fyodor Druzhinin took over from Borisovsky in 1964, giving a runthrough of the ninth quartet with the rest of the group. Sergei Shirinsky died during rehearsals of Shostakovich's fifteenth quartet. In 1977, final founding member and first violinist Dmitri Tsyganov departed and was replaced by Oleh Krysa. The group disbanded in 1987.
Personnel
Dates indicate the years of activity.
Violin I
(1923–1977)
Oleh Krysa (1977–1990)
Violin II
(1923–1965)
Nikolai Zabavnikov (1965–1990)
Viola
Vadim Borisovsky (1923–1964)
Fyodor Druzhinin (1964–1988)
Mikhail Kugel (1988–1990)
Cello
(1923–1974), alternative spelling: Sergey
Yevgeny Altman, alternative spellings: Evgeny Altman or Al'tman
(1988–1990)
References
External links
Unofficial website and discography
Russian string quartets
The 2012–13 Football League Championship (known as the npower Championship for sponsorship reasons) was the ninth season of the league under its current title and twentieth season under its current league division format. The season began on 17 August 2012 with promotion candidates Cardiff City hosting newly promoted Huddersfield Town at Cardiff City Stadium and finished on 27 May 2013 with the play-off final.
Of the 24 teams which participate, eighteen of these remain following the 2011–12 Football League Championship. They were joined by Charlton Athletic, Sheffield Wednesday and Huddersfield Town from 2011–12 Football League One, and Blackburn Rovers, Bolton Wanderers and Wolverhampton Wanderers from the 2011–12 Premier League. The final place was decided on 26 May 2012, as Huddersfield Town defeated Sheffield United 8–7 on penalties, in the 2012 Football League One play-off Final.
Cardiff City won the league in their first season since a controversial rebranding; they achieved promotion to the top flight for the first time since 1960 and became the second Welsh club to play in the Premier League. The second automatic promotion spot was won by Hull City with a 2–2 draw against Cardiff on the final day after a dramatic finale to the season. Watford, just two points behind, had to settle for a place in the playoffs, joining Brighton & Hove Albion, Crystal Palace, and Leicester City, who secured their place with a last-minute goal over rivals Nottingham Forest. In the playoffs, Watford defeated Leicester City 3–2, Crystal Palace defeated Brighton 2–0, and in the final Watford was upset by Crystal Palace to gain the promotion. Bristol City, Wolverhampton Wanderers, and Peterborough United were relegated. Peterborough gained 54 points, the highest ever for a relegated team in Championship history. Wolves' relegation was the first time a team had been relegated from the top tier to the third tier in consecutive seasons since Swindon Town in 1994 and 1995. They also became the first team to achieve this feat twice.
Changes from last season
Team changes
To Championship
Promoted from League One
Charlton Athletic
Sheffield Wednesday
Huddersfield Town
Relegated from Premier League
Wolverhampton Wanderers
Blackburn Rovers
Bolton Wanderers
From Championship
Promoted to Premier League
Reading
Southampton
West Ham United
Relegated to League One
Doncaster Rovers
Coventry City
Portsmouth
Rules changes
On 25 April 2012, it was announced that financial fair play rules would be introduced for teams within The Championship. This means that clubs have agreed to new rules on sustainable financing which includes:
Acceptable losses of £4 million in the 2011–12 and 2012–13 seasons, reducing to £2 million in 2015–16 season
Acceptable amounts of shareholder investment of £8 million in the 2011–12 season, £6 million in the 2012–13 season, reducing to £3 million in 2015–16 season
New rules on providing accounts
New penalties for teams that fail to abide by the rules
Also the 2011–12 season saw Football League clubs vote for five substitutes instead of seven. However, on 1 June 2012, Football League clubs re-voted with the outcome of seven substitutes instead of five, ahead of the 2012–13 Football League season.
Team overview
Stadia and locations
Personnel and sponsoring
Managerial changes
23 Managerial changes ~ 12 sacked + 5 changed club + 3 resigned + 2 mutual consent + 1 contract finished
League table
A total of 24 teams contest the division: 18 sides remaining in the division from last season, three relegated from the Premier League, and three promoted from the League One.
Play-offs
Results
Season statistics
Top scorers
– includes two goals for Huddersfield Town
– includes eleven goals for Millwall
– includes two goals in the play-offs
– includes one goal in the play-offs
Assists
– includes one assist in the play-offs
Penalties
– includes one penalty for Huddersfield Town
Hat-tricks
4 Player scored 4 goals
Scoring
First goal of the season: Mark Hudson for Cardiff City against Huddersfield Town (17 August 2012)
Fastest goal of the season: 30 seconds, Glenn Murray for Crystal Palace against Sheffield Wednesday (1 September 2012)
Latest goal of the season: 98 minutes and 23 seconds, Troy Deeney for Watford against Leeds United (10 November 2012)
Largest winning margin: 6 goals
Blackpool 6–0 Ipswich Town (25 August 2012)
Leicester City 6–0 Ipswich Town (17 November 2012)
Barnsley 0–6 Charlton Athletic (13 April 2013)
Highest scoring game: 9 goals
Charlton Athletic 5–4 Cardiff City (6 November 2012)
Peterborough United 5–4 Bolton Wanderers (22 December 2012)
Most goals scored in a match by a single team: 6 goals
Blackpool 6–0 Ipswich Town (25 August 2012)
Leeds United 1–6 Watford (10 November 2012)
Leicester City 6–0 Ipswich Town (17 November 2012)
Leicester City 6–1 Huddersfield Town (1 January 2013)
Nottingham Forest 6–1 Huddersfield Town (19 February 2013)
Barnsley 0–6 Charlton Athletic (13 April 2013)
Brighton & Hove Albion 6–1 Blackpool (20 April 2013)
Most goals scored in a match by a losing team: 4 goals
Charlton Athletic 5–4 Cardiff City (6 November 2012)
Peterborough United 5–4 Bolton Wanderers (22 December 2012)
Clean sheets
Most clean sheets: 18
Cardiff City
Fewest clean sheets: 5
Bristol City
Discipline
Most yellow cards (club): 93
Sheffield Wednesday
Most yellow cards (player): 13
Shane Lowry (Millwall)
Most red cards (club): 5
Nottingham Forest
Watford
Wolverhampton Wanderers
Most red cards (player): 2
Adlène Guedioura (Nottingham Forest)
Nikola Žigić (Birmingham City)
Monthly awards
Final day of the season
The final day of the season fell on 4 May 2013. Watford and Hull City were both fighting for 2nd place and automatic promotion to the 2013–14 Premier League. Crystal Palace, Leicester City, Bolton Wanderers and Nottingham Forest were all fighting for 5th and 6th place, and for a play-off spot. However, on the final day, it was mathematically possible for any 2 of 7 teams to get relegated alongside already relegated Bristol City. These teams were Wolverhampton Wanderers, Peterborough United, Huddersfield Town, Blackburn Rovers, Millwall, Barnsley and Sheffield Wednesday.
Late drama occupied all three battles, with the headlines inevitably going to Hull, who won promotion to the Premier League after a 2–2 draw with newly crowned champions Cardiff City and Watford being beaten 2–1 by Leeds United. Hull were 2–1 up and in the 91st minute when they were awarded a penalty which could have sealed their 2nd place spot. Hull missed their penalty and in the 93rd minute, Cardiff were awarded a penalty, which was converted by Nicky Maynard, bringing the score to 2–2. After a serious injury delayed the match, the Watford game was fifteen minutes behind the other games, so with the score at 1–1, Watford knew that a win would secure their promotion to the Premier League. In the 89th minute Leeds scored to make it 2–1. The scores stayed that way and promotion for Hull was assured.
In the play-off battle between Leicester City, Crystal Palace, Nottingham Forest and Bolton, there was a late goal for Leicester (vs Nottingham Forest) that secured a 3–2 victory, meaning that the 2–2 draw between Bolton Wanderers and Blackpool left them in 6th place. As the other results turned out, Crystal Palace would have remained in 5th place with a loss, but also scored late on to beat Peterborough 3–2. This left Bolton in 7th place, missing out on play-offs via goal difference.
The relegation battle ended in disappointment for Wolves and Peterborough. The late goal for Crystal Palace against Peterborough meant that a 1–1 draw was enough for Blackburn, a 2–0 win for Sheffield Wednesday over Middlesbrough was enough to secure their safety, a 1–0 defeat for Millwall against Derby County was enough for them and a 2–2 draw between Huddersfield and Barnsley was enough for both teams. Wolves lost 2–0 to Brighton, having started the day in the most difficult situation of the threatened teams.
References
EFL Championship seasons
1
2
Eng
Highway 5 is an Iraqi highway which extends from Baqubah to the Khosravi border crossing and to Qasr-e Shirin in Iran. It passes through Muqdadiyah, As Sa'Diyah and Khanaqin.
Roads in Iraq
Gloria Msindira (born 28 March 1994) is an African model. She was crowned Malawi News Model Of The Year in 2013.
References
1994 births
Living people
Tian Huaijian () (b. 802) was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who, in his childhood, briefly served as the ruler of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), which had been held by his family for generations. The soldiers soon overthrew him and replaced him with his distant relative Tian Xing, and he was delivered to the Tang capital Chang'an.
Background
Tian Huaijian was born in 802, during the reign of Emperor Dezong. Prior to his birth, his family had held Weibo Circuit for generations, ruling it in a de facto independent manner from the imperial regime, with his great-grandfather Tian Chengsi, Tian Chengsi's nephew Tian Yue, Tian Huaijian's grandfather Tian Xu, and father Tian Ji'an successively serving as the military governors (Jiedushi) of Weibo. His mother was Tian Ji'an's wife Lady Yuan, a daughter of the general Yuan Yi (). He had least three brothers – Tian Huaili (), Tian Huaixun (), and Tian Huairang (), with the Old Book of Tang implying that he was older than his brothers and the New Book of Tang implying that he was younger than his brothers.
In 812, Tian Ji'an fell ill, and it was said that in his illness, he killed his subordinates at will, and the headquarters fell into chaos. Lady Yuan summoned the officers and had them support Tian Huaijian as deputy military governor, acting as military governor. Tian Ji'an was moved out of the headquarters into a separate residence, and he died a month later, on September 21, 812.
Brief reign of Weibo
After Tian Ji'an's death, one of the officers who had been supported by the soldiers, Tian Xing – a son of Tian Chengsi's cousin Tian Tingjie () – was recalled from his post to serve as the commander of the army. Meanwhile, because of Tian Huaijian's youth, the servant Jiang Shize () came to be making the key decisions, and Jiang made movements that were based on his own likes and dislikes, causing the soldiers to be disgruntled. Further, the reigning Emperor Xianzong (Emperor Dezong's grandson) was withholding the official commission for Tian Huaijian, hoping to cause a mutiny at Weibo. One morning, when Tian Xing was set to enter the headquarters to meet Tian Huaijian, the soldiers surrounding him bowed to him, asking him to be active military governor. Tian Xing agreed on condition that the soldiers would not harm Tian Huaijian and would be willing to submit to imperial orders, and the soldiers agreed. Tian Xing then executed Jiang and his associates and moved Tian Huaijian out of the headquarters. (While the date of this mutiny was not recorded in historical sources, the mutiny was reported to Emperor Xianzong by the imperial eunuch stationed at Weibo on November 17, 812.)
Aftermath
Tian Xing buried Tian Ji'an, and then delivered Tian Huaijian to the Tang capital Chang'an. Emperor Xianzong gave Tian Huaijian a general title, gave him a mansion at Chang'an, and granted a generous stipend of grain. No further historical references were made to Tian Huaijian, and it is not known when he died.
Notes and references
Old Book of Tang, vol. 141.
New Book of Tang, vol. 210.
Zizhi Tongjian, vols. 238, 239.
802 births
9th-century deaths
Tang dynasty generals from Hebei
Tang dynasty politicians from Hebei
Politicians from Handan
Marla Glacier (, ) is a glacier long and wide on the northeast side of Detroit Plateau on the southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, situated south of Aitkenhead Glacier and north of Diplock Glacier. It is draining southeastwards along the east slopes of Povien Bluff, then turning east between Mount Roberts and Bezenšek Spur, and flowing into Prince Gustav Channel in Weddell Sea.
The glacier is named after Marla River in Northern Bulgaria.
Location
Marla Glacier is centred at .
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
References
Marla Glacier SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer Antarctic Place-names Commission in Bulgarian
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Marla Glacier. Copernix satellite image
Glaciers of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Valea Iașului is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Bădila, Bărbălătești, Borovinești, Cerbureni, Mustățești, Ruginoasa, Ungureni, Valea Iașului and Valea Uleiului.
Natives
Anghel Andreescu
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The Aeroprakt A-28 Victor is a Ukrainian light aircraft, designed and produced by Aeroprakt of Kyiv. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development
The design goals for the A-28 included twin engines for safety over hazardous terrain, a payload of with four seats, 10 hours endurance, as well as good short and rough field capabilities. The resulting design features a cantilever low-wing, a four-seat enclosed cabin accessed through a hinged windshield, a T-tail, fixed conventional landing gear and twin engines in tractor configuration.
The aircraft has mixed construction, with the forward fuselage made from fibreglass and the tail cone of aluminum sheet. The wings and tail are all-aluminum, while the control surfaces are aluminum frames covered in doped aircraft fabric. Its span wing employs a TsAGI P-IIIA-15 airfoil, has an area of and mounts flaps. The standard engines fitted are two Rotax 912 or two Rotax 912S powerplants. The conventional landing gear fits wheel pants and features a steerable tailwheel.
The A-28 has an empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of .
Operational history
One example was registered in 2001 in the United States with the Federal Aviation Administration in the amateur-built category, but on 18 October 2004 it was deregistered and exported to Ukraine.
Specifications (A-28 Victor)
References
External links
(in Ukrainian)
Official photo gallery (in Ukrainian)
Victor
Low-wing aircraft
2000s Ukrainian civil aircraft
T-tail aircraft
Twin piston-engined tractor aircraft
The Indonesian whaler shark (Carcharhinus tjutjot), is a species of requiem shark belonging to the family Carcharhinidae. Until recently, it was thought to be a junior synonym of the whitecheek shark (C. dussumieri). The Indonesian whaler shark, along with the family Carcharhinidae, is a key economic group in global fisheries including commercial and small-scale fisheries within the Indo-Pacific region. Common spawning and nursery areas overlap with commercial fishing grounds and it is often caught as bycatch which has caused it to be listed as a vulnerable species.
Taxonomy
Initially thought of as C. dussumieri, it was later identified as a distinct species in 2012 by morphological characteristics such as vertebral counts, dorsal and pectoral fin shape, and fin colouration. Now known as the Indonesian whaler shark, its divergence has characterized shark populations within the tropical Indo-West Pacific.
Morphological ambiguities and similarities to the blackspot shark (C. sealei) complicated the identification of C. tutjot across the Indo-West Pacific region. Distinctions arose in the genetic sampling of C. tutjot however, certain characteristics were hard to distinguish from C. sealei such as the black markings on the second dorsal fin.
Description
The Indonesian whaler shark is often confused with C. sealei due to their similarities in morphologies. They can be identified by a black marking in the second dorsal fin, a relatively long snout, and an erect triangular first dorsal fin. Their upper anterior teeth are slanted, with jagged, knife-like cusplets flanking it. They range in size from 76 cm at first maturity to about 100 cm for males and 92 cm for females when fully mature. Size at birth is around 34-38 cm.
Distribution
C. tjujot is a highly migratory species. Commonly found in the western Pacific, ranging from Indonesia and Taiwan to Borneo. They are not found in Australia or New Guinea and are not confirmed to live west of the Indo-Malay Peninsula. They prefer to live in depths ranging from the surface to 170 meters and in demersal inshore habitats.
Molecular genetic analysis have shown the presence of two distinct population groups in the eastern Indian Ocean. Studies suggest that C. tjujot has a restricted migration range in the Indian Ocean or the South China Sea.
Status
The Indonesian whaler shark is listed as Vulnerable by the IUCN in its Red List of Threatened Species. Studies have shown that sharks landed on the Malaysian Peninsula and coast of Borneo Island are mainly juvenile, with size and maturity ranging from less than or at birth. Due to the overlap in nursery and common fishing grounds, the species is near facing threat from extinction. Small sharks are commonly caught as bycatch by long-range fisheries, sometimes without fins as they are marketable for human consumption.
See also
List of sharks
References
Indonesian whaler shark
Fish of Indonesia
Marine fauna of Southeast Asia
Taxa named by Pieter Bleeker
Indonesian whaler shark
The Bulls Bay Lighthouse is a former lighthouse on Bulls Island in Charleston County, South Carolina. Its first lighthouse was built in 1852. After it was destroyed in 1897, a new light was built in 1900. It was deactivated in 1913.
Bulls Island is a barrier island that is part of the Cape Romain National Wildlife Refuge. It can be reached by private ferry from Awendaw, South Carolina.
The original lighthouse had its lantern mounted on top of the lightkeeper's brick house. This was destroyed in 1897. It was replaced in 1900 with a metal skeletal tower. The light station was deactivated in 1913.
References
Buildings and structures in Charleston County, South Carolina
Lighthouses in South Carolina
Lighthouses completed in 1852
Lighthouses completed in 1900
1852 establishments in South Carolina
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Indiana, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1816, Indiana has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Elections of 1816 and 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all three of Indiana's electoral votes, and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire. To the extent that a popular vote was held, it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
The election of 1816 was contested between James Monroe and Rufus King. In this election, Indiana did not conduct a popular vote. Each Elector was appointed by state legislature, which assigned all three of Indiana's electoral votes to Monroe.
See also
Elections in Indiana
Notes
References
Clip fonts or split fonts are non-Unicode fonts that assign glyphs of Brahmic scripts, such as Devanagari, at code positions intended for glyphs of the Latin script or to produce glyphs not found in Unicode by using its Private Use Area (PUA).
Comparison
Brahmic scripts have an inherent vowel without attached diacritics. Vowels (excluding the inherent vowel) that immediately follow a consonant are written as a diacritic. For example, a Devanagari consonant in ‘base form' in Unicode is ‘घ' /ɡʱə/ where the inherent vowel is ‘अ' /ə/. If the vowel ‘आ' /aː/ were to follow this Devanagari consonant, then the ‘ा' diacritic is attached resulting in ‘घा'. Consonants that are a part of conjunct clusters may assume a conjunct form such as ‘घ्‍ ‘ in Devanagari.
Consonant–consonant clusters
Devanagari consonants that are a part of conjunct clusters (except for the final consonant in a conjunct cluster, which is in its ‘base form') are followed by the halant and zero-with joiner characters. For example, ‘घ्य' /ɡʱjə/ is formed by ‘घ', followed by the halant diacritic,
Clip fonts
Consonant–vowel clusters
In clip fonts the ‘base form' of a character is the conjunct form such as ‘घ्‍ ' in Devanagari and diacritics are added to indicate that the consonant is immediately followed by a vowel (including the inherent vowel). For example, a Devanagari consonant in ‘base form' in a clip font is ‘घ्‍ ' /ɡʱ/. If the inherent vowel ‘अ'/ə/ were to follow this Devanagari consonant, then the ‘ा' diacritic would be attached to it resulting in ‘घ'. Vowels that are not the inherent ‘अ' /ə/ such as ‘आ' /aː/ that follow this Devanagari consonant, then the ‘ा' diacritic attaches twice, resulting in ‘घा' with a Latin script representation of ‘Gaa'.
Consonant–consonant clusters
Devanagari consonants that are a part of conjunct clusters are written consecutively in their ‘base forms' (unless it is the last consonant in a conjunct cluster, which is in its ‘inherent vowel form'). For example, ‘घ्य' /ɡʱjə/ is formed by ‘घ्‍ ', followed by ‘य्‍ ', and followed by the ‘ा' diacritic with a Latin script representation of ‘Gya'.
Tables comparing Unicode and clip fonts
The ‘घा' ligature
The ‘घ्य' ligature
Latin script characters
A computer assumes that text written with a clip font is in the Latin script. Thus, when the font is changed to another Latin script font that is not a clip font, the Latin script characters on the keys that were used to type the text are displayed instead of text in the original Brahmic script. As a result, the clip font has to be available wherever text in Brahmic script is desired. Thus, clip fonts may not be uniformly compatible across computers and the Internet. This weakness is used as a kind of encryption.
Purpose and availability
Clip fonts arose as a result of the perceived complexity of keyboard layout switching in common operating system setups, as well as defective internationalization capabilities in older software. English computer keyboards are common in India. Clip font users can easily write Hindi and other Indic languages using those keyboards. In India, people switch quickly among multiple languages and scripts.
At least 40 commercial clip fonts are available. With ASCII, they are used by custom keyboard drivers for Indic scripts, intended to limit keystrokes. Such helper software often broke following operating system updates.
One of the popular clip fonts for Devanagari is Kiran fonts KF-Kiran, because it does not require special software and can be used in older software. Many users successfully ported this True Type font to operating systems such as macOS, Linux, some flavours of Unix and Android.
Clip fonts are sometimes used for scripts that are not yet encoded in Unicode. The "correct" way to handle This is to temporarily encode these in Unicode's Private Use Area (PUA). Users in India find that only English language keyboards are available.
List of clip fonts
See also
Indic computing
ISCII
References
External links
Marathi and Hindi Calligraphy Fonts Free are available under the section titled ‘2. Marathi Font, Hindi calligraphy fonts free for personal use'
10000+ Marathi Fonts Download Free are available under the section titled ‘1. Legacy Hindi Font'
Hindi
Devanagari clip fonts are available under the section titled ‘2. Marathi Typing Font'
Devanagari clip fonts are available under the section titled ‘1. Legacy Hindi Font'
Devanagari typography
Indic computing
Clip fonts
Daryl Veltman (born September 25, 1985) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player. He is currently a member of the New England Black Wolves in the National Lacrosse League.
High School/College career
Veltman attended the Connecticut college-preparatory Salisbury School, before enrolling at Hobart and William Smith Colleges. Veltman played collegiate lacrosse for the Hobart College Statesmen. As a freshman in 2005, he was honored by the ECAC Lacrosse League as "Rookie of the Year." During his freshman season, Veltman led his team in scoring. In all three subsequent seasons, he would continue his team's leading scorer. Veltman was recognized by the conference with ALL-ECAC team honors three times, including first-team recognition as a senior.
Canadian Box career
Junior
Veltman played junior box lacrosse in the Ontario Lacrosse Association. From 2000 to 2002, Veltman was a member of the Halton Hills Bulldogs in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League. In 2002, he was named his conference's Most Valuable Player. From 2003 to 2006 he played Junior A lacrosse with the Orangeville Northmen. In 2005, he led the OLA Junior A Lacrosse League in scoring with a career high 102 points.
Senior
After some controversy about transferring provinces within the Canadian Lacrosse Association, Veltman moved west to British Columbia and joined the Coquitlam Adanacs of the Western Lacrosse Association in 2007. During his rookie season, Veltmen helped the Adanacs to a league championship and their first Mann Cup appearance since 2001.
Professional career
Veltman was selected with the first overall pick by the expansion Boston Blazers of the National Lacrosse League in the 2008 NLL Entry Draft. In his rookie season, Veltman was named Rookie of the Week twice, and was also named Rookie of the Month for both January and February.
Veltman is the nephew of Jim Veltman, former Toronto Rock captain and current Rock advisor and National Lacrosse League all-time loose-ball leader.
On August 8, 2015, Veltman signed a two-year contract with the Buffalo Bandits
International career
In 2003, he represented Team Canada at the Under-19 World Lacrosse Championships, helping his team win the silver medal.
Statistics
Hobart College
National Lacrosse League
Canadian Lacrosse Association
References
1985 births
Living people
Boston Blazers players
Canadian lacrosse players
Hobart Statesmen lacrosse players
Hobart and William Smith Colleges alumni
Sportspeople from Brampton
Pandemis piceocola is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China (Gansu).
The length of the forewings is about 8 mm for males and 10 mm for females. The forewings are orange-brown. The hindwings are dark greyish brown.
The larvae feed on Picea crassifolia.
References
Moths described in 1990
Pandemis
Helena Chidi Cawela Sousa (born 7 November 1994) is an Angolan handball player for Saint-Amand Handball and the Angolan national team.
In 2019, she represented Angola at the 2019 African Games and at the 2019 World Women's Handball Championship.
Achievements
Carpathian Trophy:
Winner: 2019
References
External links
Angolan female handball players
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Luanda
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Demetris Ioannou () born December 8, 1968, is a former international Cypriot football defender and currently a football manager.
Career
He started his career in 1990 from Apollon Limassol and then followed six successful seasons in Anorthosis Famagusta. Also, he played in Olympiakos Nicosia for just six months and he ended his career in AEP Paphos.
International career
He is regarded as one of the greatest Cypriot centre backs of all time and captained the Cyprus National Team for a four-year period.
Personal life
His son, Nicholas Ioannou, was born on November 10, 1995. He plays as a centre defender, and was signed up by Manchester United when he was 11 years old. He progressed through the ranks at Old Trafford and he was a member of the inaugural UEFA Youth League squad. On April 24, 2014, he signed a 3 year contract with the biggest football club of Cyprus, APOEL Nicosia.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Apollon Limassol FC players
Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. players
Olympiakos Nicosia players
AEP Paphos FC players
Cypriot footballers
Cyprus international footballers
Greek Cypriot people
Association football defenders
Cypriot football managers
Aris Limassol FC managers
Superheroes is an EP by the German power metal band Edguy, released in 2005. On this EP, the band has moved away from the sound they had developed on their previous album Hellfire Club. The songs on "Superheroes" are much less akin to the band's native style of power metal, but tends towards the direction of hard rock.
In addition to the title track, which also appears on the band's 2006 album Rocket Ride, the EP includes 5 other tracks. The fourth track, an epic track titled "Judas at the Opera", is somewhat reminiscent to Tobias Sammet's project Avantasia. It also features vocals from Michael Kiske of Helloween and Avantasia fame. The fifth track is a cover of Magnum's song "The Spirit". The final track, a version of "Superheroes", is a slower version of the song with only orchestral backdrop and Tobias Sammet's singing.
The publication of the EP was preceded by the release of a five-track DVD, which included the video of the song "Superheroes", footage from a Brazilian show and documentaries shot on tour and during the recording of Rocket Ride. It was the first video album released by Edguy.
Track listing
DVD Track listing
"Superheroes" (video clip)
"Mysteria" (live in Brazil)
"Under the Moon" (live in Brazil)
"Navigator" (live in Brazil)
Special features
Superheroes - The Road Movie (including interviews with some of the bandmembers)
Studio report
Edguy slideshow
Making of the "Superheroes" video
Personnel
Tobias Sammet - Lead vocals
Tobias 'Eggi' Exxel - Bass
Jens Ludwig - Lead Guitar
Dirk Sauer - Rhythm Guitar
Felix Bohnke - Drums
Michael Kiske - Vocals on "Judas At The Opera"
References
2005 EPs
Edguy EPs
Edguy video albums
2005 video albums
Nuclear Blast EPs
Nuclear Blast video albums
Bilal Yasin (; born 14 December 1970) is a Pakistani politician who is an elected member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab (2018-2023). He had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab and an ex-cabinet member, from May 2013 to May 2018. He had been a Member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
In 2021 Bilal Was Shot
In December 2021 Bilal Was Shot By two Suspects Were Arrested
Early life and education
He was born on 14 December 1970 in Lahore to Yasin Pehalwan who was a cousin of Kulsoom Nawaz.
He graduated in 1990 from University of the Punjab and has the degree of Bachelor of Arts .
Political career
He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Constituency PP-139 (Lahore-III) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) in 2002 Pakistani general election. He received 17,171 votes and defeated Chaudhry Muhammad Asghar, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-120 (Lahore-III) as a candidate of PML-N in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 65,946 votes and defeated Jehangir Bader.
He was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PML-N from Constituency PP-139 in 2013 Pakistani general election. He received 44,670 votes and defeated Mazhar Iqbal, a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI). In June 2013, he was inducted into the provincial cabinet of Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif and was made Provincial Minister of Punjab for Food.
He was re-elected to Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PML-N from Constituency PP-150 (Lahore-VII) in 2018 Pakistani general election.
References
Living people
1970 births
Punjab MPAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Punjab MPAs 2013–2018
Pakistan Muslim League (N) MPAs (Punjab)
Pakistan Muslim League (N) MNAs
University of the Punjab alumni
Punjab MPAs 2018–2023
Thordisa pallida is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1884
Lists of medical abbreviations
The Nokia Lumia 930 (codenamed Martini) is a high-end smartphone developed by Nokia that shipped with Microsoft's Windows Phone 8.1 operating system. It was announced on April 2, 2014 at Microsoft Build 2014 and was released in April 2014 as Nokia's (and later Microsoft Mobile's) flagship. It is the last high-end Nokia-branded Lumia device and succeeded by the Microsoft-branded Lumia 950 and its XL equivalent.
The Nokia Lumia Icon, which is exclusive to Verizon Wireless in the United States, is essentially a derivative of the Lumia 930. The two versions share a common design and specifications; the only hardware difference is that the 930 is equipped with GSM radios and available as both carrier-locked and unlocked versions, while the Icon has both GSM and CDMA radios and is always sold unlocked. The other difference is that the 930 was originally pre-loaded with the newer Windows Phone 8.1 rather than the previous-generation Windows Phone 8 Update 3 on the Icon.
Neither the 930 nor the Icon have the Glance feature, which displays the time and other selectable information on the display of an otherwise sleeping phone. While other contemporary Nokia smartphones have Glance, the 930 and Icon do not because their displays lack the necessary "display memory" feature.
Specifications
Hardware
The Lumia 930 has a 5.0-inch AMOLED display, quad-core 2.2 GHz Krait 400 Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 processor, 2 GB of RAM and 32 GB of internal storage. The phone has a 2420 mAh Li-Ion battery, 20 MP rear camera and 1.2 MP front-facing camera. It is available in orange, green, white, black and gold.
Software
The Lumia 930 ships with Windows Phone 8.1, though users can upgrade to Windows 10 Mobile if their provider allows it.
Known issues
Some handsets experience heat and battery drain issues.
Some handsets have had a display discoloration issue, when the device came out.
A significant number of Lumia 930 users have reported an issue with the operation of the audio microphones, where handsfree calls and video recordings have very low audio levels. This has been confirmed to be caused by a motherboard fault. There have been a number of reports of this being a software issue introduced with Windows 10, though this is incorrect as the issue is also reported with Windows 8.1, including pre-Denim releases. A workaround for Lumia 930 users experiencing this issue is to use ear buds that have a microphone included when doing handsfree calls and video recordings.
Microsoft provides LumiaPhoneTestApplicationInstaller.exe, with which every microphone can be tested for its own.
Gallery
See also
Microsoft Lumia
Nokia Lumia Icon
External links
Nokia Lumia 930
Nokia Lumia 930 specifications
References
Lumia 930
Mobile phones introduced in 2014
Discontinued smartphones
Microsoft Lumia
Videotelephony
Smartphones
Windows Phone devices
Microsoft hardware
PureView
Trioceros balebicornutus, the Bale two-horned chameleon, is a species of chameleon. It is endemic to the Bale Mountains, central Ethiopia.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles of Ethiopia
Endemic fauna of Ethiopia
Reptiles described in 1998
Taxa named by Colin R. Tilbury
Prospect Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Augusta in Oneida County, west of Lloyds Corners.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Christopher Pope is an American politician serving as a member of the Montana Senate from the 31st district. He was previously a member of the Montana House of Representatives from 2015 to 2017 and again from 2019 to 2021.
References
1952 births
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Members of the Montana House of Representatives
Montana Democrats
Montana state senators
University of Oregon alumni
Yale University alumni
The Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit (PIPCU) is a unit of the City of London Police, the national lead force for fraud. It was established in 2013 with the responsibility to investigate and deter serious and organised intellectual property crime in the United Kingdom.
It is based in City of London Police's headquarters at Guildhall Yard East. The unit consists of 19 police officers and staff, including detectives and police staff investigators.
Part of PIPCU's remit is to protect consumers from harm, focusing on intellectual property crime that has public safety implications. Since its inception, it has investigated intellectual property crime worth more than £100 million concerning counterfeit goods or digital piracy, and suspended 28,000 websites selling counterfeit goods. These websites have also been linked to identity theft.
History
The operationally-independent unit was launched in September 2013 with funding from the UK government's Intellectual Property Office. It was announced in August 2017 that PIPCU will receive a further £3.2 million from the IPO to fund the unit to June 2019.
In 2013, the unit began Operation Creative to disrupt and prevent websites from providing unauthorised access to copyrighted content in partnership with the creative and advertising industries. Rights holders in the creative industries can report copyright infringing websites to PIPCU, providing a detailed package of evidence indicating how the site is involved in illegal copyright infringement. Research has shown that there has been a 64% decrease in advertising from the UK's top advertising spending companies on copyright infringing websites and an 87% drop in adverts for licensed gambling operators being displayed on illegal sites that infringe copyright.
In 2013, Operation Ashiko was created to target the sale of online physical counterfeit goods and aims to seize the domains of infringers.
In April 2017, PIPCU launched the IP Crime Directory, a database for customs and police officers to help them identify counterfeit goods with the information uploaded by rights and brand holders.
Operation Creative
Operation Creative, formerly Operation Trade Bridge, is an ongoing campaign against alleged copyright infringing sites and their advertising network. A number of torrent and streaming sites have been either shut down, had their domains seized or threatened by the PIPCU. Whilst over 100 websites have been 'dealt with', the majority of domain name suspension requests are denied.
Operations
In December 2015 they arrested a karaoke subtitle creation gang.
By August 2015, 317 domain suspension requests had been issued.
In March 2021 they claimed the Sci-Hub website could "pose a threat" to university students' personal data.
In April 2022, they seized the website of Club Penguin Rewritten, a fan recreation of the Disney online game, Club Penguin.
Immunicity arrest
In response to the new round of web blocking in the UK in conjunction with the copyright infringing site blocking programmes, a service called Immunicity was launched. to allow circumvention of both blocking types. However on 6 August 2014 the owner was arrested by the PIPCU under anti-fraud legislation. Anti-censorship supporters created clones of the site such as Immun.es (which closed down shortly after launching) and routingpacketsisnotacrime.uk to resurrect the service.
By August 2015 the immunicity domain was back under the control of anti-censorship activists and displays a website inviting people to use Tor and other anonymity services.
Infringing website list
PIPCU maintains an 'Infringing Website List' (IWL), a portal for digital advertisers to be informed of sites containing infringing content with the intention that they cease advertising on them. Sites are identified as infringing by rights holders and the list is not made available to the public. As of 12 August freedom of information request from TorrentFreak revealed:
74 domains are subject to the advertiser blocking programme, of which of October 2014 only 2 domains had ever been removed from the list. 83 advertising companies with a UK presence are currently participating.
Working with the media and advertiser industry body, the Audit Bureau of Circulations (ABC) created a technology portal called 'Project Sunblock'. If PIPCU do not receive a response from the website operators, the host or registrar of an allegedly infringing site, the site is added to the IWL via the Sunblock portal, which is then passed along to participating advertising networks for blacklisting. From June 2014 this technology allowed replacing the adverts of websites believed to be offering unauthorized content with warnings from PIPCU.
In 2014 the PIPCU removed payment provisions from 4,650 offending sites with a .co.uk address from sites on the infringing websites list.
See also
Ad filtering
Domain name - Seizures
Intellectual property
References
External links
2013 establishments in the United Kingdom
Government agencies established in 2013
Intellectual property organizations
National law enforcement agencies of the United Kingdom
City of London Police
The 48th Airlift Squadron was part of the 314th Airlift Wing at Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkansas. It operates Lockheed Martin C-130J Super Hercules aircraft, conducting pilot and loadmaster training for airlift and airdrop operations.
The squadron was first activated as the 48th Transport Squadron in June 1942. As the 48th Troop Carrier Squadron, it flew Douglas C-47 Skytrains in the Mediterranean Theater of Operations during World War II, earning Distinguished Unit Citations for carrying reinforcements to Sicily despite fire from ground and naval forces in July 1943, and for participation in Operation Overlord in June 1944. It converted to Curtiss C-46 Commandos, with which it took part in Operation Varsity. After V-E Day, the squadron returned to the United States, where it was inactivated.
The squadron was activated in Austria in 1946, but in 1947 was transferred to the United States on paper and began to train with Fairchild C-82 Packets. The following year, the 47th returned to Europe to participate in the Berlin Airlift with Douglas C-54 Skymasters. After the successful completion of the airlift, the squadron was again inactivated in 1949. The squadron was briefly active from 1953 to 1955 at Mitchel Air Force Base, New York and Sewart Air Force Base, Tennessee as a Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcar unit.
History
World War II
The squadron as activated at Daniel Field, Georgia in June 1942 as the 48th Transport Squadron, when the 313th Transport Group expanded from a headquarters and a single squadron, the 29th Troop Carrier Squadron, to a four squadron group. The squadron trained under Air Transport Command with Douglas C-47 Skytrain and the C-53 Skytrooper modification of the C-47. A few weeks after the squadron's activation, the Army Air Forces gave the "transport" designation to its strategic airlift units, and the squadron became the 48th Troop Carrier Squadron under I Troop Carrier Command. The 47th trained in the southeastern United States until April 1943, when it deployed to North Africa.
Mediterranean operations
The squadron began flying combat missions from Oujda Airfield in French Morocco. It performed troop carrier and transport airlift of supplies to ground forces advancing through Algeria into Tunisia as part Twelfth Air Force. it also evacuated wounded from the battle area.
The 48th, along with the 29th and 47th Squadrons of the 313th Group, took part in Operation Husky, the invasion of Sicily. Although blown far off course on the first airdrops on the island by strong winds, the squadron managed to drop their paratroops near Avola, where they were able to assist British forces in seizing that town. Two days later, 11 July 1943, the squadron was part of a formation of troop carrier units of the 52d Troop Carrier Wing bringing reinforcements, planning to drop paratroops near Gela. Planes of the 313th Group led the stream of troop carriers. However, attacks in the Gela area by enemy aircraft had sunk two ships and forced other ships in the invasion force to disperse. The heaviest enemy attack came at 2150 hours. Fifty minutes later, the first 313th Group aircraft approached the drop zone. The 48th was able to successfully make its drop on Farello Airfield. Mistaking the troop carriers for another enemy attack, ships of the assault force and antiaircraft units ashore began a heavy fire on squadron's C-47s as they departed. Of the 144 planes of the 52d Wing that participated in the mission, 23 were shot down and an additional 37 were heavily damaged. For its completion of this mission the squadron earned its first Distinguished Unit Citation (DUC).
It moved to Sicily for Operation Avalanche, the invasion of Italy. It dropped paratroopers of 82d Airborne Division south of Salerno on the night of 13 September 1943 and flew a reinforcement mission the following night.
European operations
In February 1944, the squadron moved to RAF Folkingham, England, where it became part of IX Troop Carrier Command and began training for the assault on the continent of Europe. On D-Day the squadron dropped paratroopers near Picauville, Normandy and dropped reinforcements the following day. The squadron's efforts during Operation Overlord earned it a second DUC.
On 17 September, the squadron participated in Operation Market Garden, the airborne assault on the Netherlands, when it dropped troopers near Arnhem and Nijmegen. In February 1945, the squadron moved to Achiet Airfield in France, where it began converting to Curtiss C-46 Commandos in preparation for Operation Varsity, the airborne assault across the Rhine. On 24 March 1945 it dropped elements of the 17th Airborne Division near Wesel.
The squadron continued to operate from Achiet during 1945, performing transportation of personnel and supplies within Europe. It evacuated wounded and former prisoners of war and brought gasoline, ammunition to forward areas. After V-E Day, it continued to transport medical equipment and other supplies. In September, the squadron's personnel returned to the United States and it was inactivated on arrival at the port of embarkation.
Berlin Airlift
The squadron was reactivated at Tulln Air Base, Austria, where it formed part of the occupation forces and served as part of the European Air Transport Service, returning to operating the C-47. In June 1947, the squadron was moved (less its personnel and equipment) back to the United States. In July, it moved to Bergstrom Field, Texas, where it was manned and began to train with Fairchild C-82 Packet aircraft and gliders.
In July 1948, the squadron deployed to Rhein-Main Air Base to reinforce United States Air Forces in Europe in the Berlin Airlift. As winter approached and the demand for supplies increased it moved to RAF Fassberg, Germany, and began to operate Douglas C-54 Skymasters, with which it flew food, medicine and coal into Berlin. Berlin Airlift operations continued until September 1949, when with the Soviet blockade of Berlin ended, and faced with President Truman's smaller 1949 defense budget, the Air Force was required to reduce the number of its groups to 48. The squadron was inactivated in September 1949.
Tactical Air Command
The squadron was activated at Mitchel Air Force Base, New York on 1 April 1953, when it assumed the mission, personnel, and Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcars of the 337th Troop Carrier Squadron, a reserve unit that had been called to active duty for the Korean War. That October, the 48th moved to Sewart Air Force Base, where it performed airlift missions under the control of Eighteenth Air Force until inactivating in June 1955.
Reactivated as a Lockheed C-130 Hercules Troop Carrier (later Tactical Airlift) squadron under TAC in 1964. The 48th provided airlift for airborne forces from 1965 to 1967. It deployed aircraft and crews to France and England, October 1965 – March 1967 and to the Panama Canal Zone, March–June 1967. It provided intra-theater airlift and support of U.S. Army airborne forces from 1971 to 1973.
Air Education and Training Command
In 2003, the 48th Airlift was reactivated as the first active duty C-130J Super Hercules Formal Training Unit.
Decorations
Decorations. Distinguished Unit Citations: Sicily, 11 July 1943; France [6–7] Jun 1944. Air Force Outstanding Unit Awards: [1 Dec] 2003–30 Jun 2004; 1 July 2005 – 30 June 2006; 1 July 2006 – 30 June 2007; 1 July 2008 – 30 June 2009.
Lineage
Constituted as the 48th Transport Squadron on 30 May 1942
Activated on 15 June 1942
Redesignated 48th Troop Carrier Squadron on 4 July 1942
Inactivated on 15 November 1945
Activated on 30 September 1946
Redesignated 48th Troop Carrier Squadron, Heavy on 30 July 1948
Redesignated 48th Troop Carrier Squadron, Special on 1 February 1949
Inactivated on 18 September 1949
Redesignated 48th Troop Carrier Squadron, Medium on 26 November 1952
Activated on 1 February 1953
Inactivated on 8 June 1955
Activated on 20 August 1964 (not organized)
Organized on 1 January 1965
Redesignated 48th Troop Carrier Squadron on 1 March 1966
Discontinued and inactivated on 25 June 1967
Redesignated 48th Tactical Airlift Squadron on 15 June 1971
Activated on 15 November 1971
Inactivated on 1 September 1973
Redesignated 48th Airlift Squadron on 21 November 2003
Activated on 1 December 2003
Inactivated on 4 November 2016
Assignments
313th Transport Group (later 313th Troop Carrier Group), 15 June 1942 – 15 November 1945
313th Troop Carrier Group, 30 September 1946 – 18 September 1949
313th Troop Carrier Group, 1 February 1953 – 8 June 1955
313th Troop Carrier Wing (later 313th Tactical Airlift) Wing), 1 January 1965 – 25 June 1967
313th Tactical Airlift Wing, 15 November 1971
314th Tactical Airlift Wing, 6 August–1 September 1973
314th Operations Group, 1 December 2003 – present
Stations
Daniel Field, Georgia, 2 March 1942
Bowman Field, Kentucky, 21 June 1942
Florence Army Air Field, South Carolina, 4 August 1942
Laurinburg-Maxton Army Air Base, North Carolina, 13 December 1942 – 24 April 1943
Oujda Airfield, [French Morocco, 9 May 1943
Kairouan Airfield, Tunisia, 16 June 1943
Air echelon operated from Ponte Olivo Airfield, Sicily, Italy, 27 July–11 August 1943
Sciacca Airdrome, Sicily, Italy, 6 September 1943
Trapani/Milo Airfield, Sicily, Italy, 6 October 1943 – 18 February 1944
RAF Folkingham (AAF-484), England, 3 March 1944
Achiet Airfield (B-54), France, 6 March–3 August 1945
Baer Field, Indiana, 26 September–15 November 1945
AAF Station Illesheim, Germany, 30 September 1946
Tulln Air Base, Austria, 5 May–25 June 1947
Langley Field, Virginia, 25 June 1947
Bergstrom Field (later Bergstrom Air Force Base), Texas, 15 July 1947 – 22 October 1948
Operated from Rhein-Main Air Base, Germany, c. 1 July–8 November 1948
RAF Fassberg, Germany, 9 November 1948 – 18 September 1949
Mitchel Air Force Base, New York, 1 February 1953
Sewart Air Force Base, Tennessee, 2 October 1953 – 8 June 1955
Forbes Air Force Base, Kansas, 1 January 1965 – 25 June 1967
Forbes Air Force Base, Kansas, 15 November 1971
Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkansas, 6 August–1 September 1973
Little Rock Air Force Base, Arkansas, 1 December 2003–4 November 2016
Aircraft
Douglas C-47 Skytrain (1942–1945, 1946–1947)
Douglas C-53 Skytrooper (1942–1945)
Curtiss C-46 Commando (1945, 1953)
Douglas C-54 Skymaster (1947–1949)
Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcar (1953–1955)
Lockheed C-130 Hercules (1965–1967, 1971–1973)
Lockheed Martin C-130J Super Hercules (2003–2016)
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
314th Operations Group Fact Sheet
Military units and formations in Arkansas
048
Donna Lynne Champlin (born January 21, 1971) is an American actress, dancer and singer from New York City. She is best known for playing Paula Proctor on The CW comedy-drama series Crazy Ex-Girlfriend.
Early life
Champlin was born in Rochester, New York, to a technical writer mother and a scientist father. She participated in various lessons, theatre productions, and national and international competitions throughout her childhood, in voice, piano, flute, theatre and dance.
Champlin went on to study musical theatre at Carnegie Mellon University, graduating with her BFA in 1993, and studied abroad as a 1992 Advanced Acting Scholar in Shakespeare and Chekhov at the University of Oxford. In 1992 she won the Princess Grace Foundation Award in Theatre. While still in college, she performed as Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz with Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera.
Career
Champlin took on the title role of Very Warm for May, her Broadway debut in James Joyce's The Dead, then By Jeeves, Hollywood Arms, Sweeney Todd, Billy Elliot the Musical, and The Dark at the Top of the Stairs, for which she won the 2007 Obie Award. Other credits include: No, No Nanette, Very Good Eddie, First Lady Suite, Harold and Maude, My Life With Albertine, Bloomer Girl, and Jolson. She also performed with Len Cariou in the Simply Sondheim inaugural concert which celebrated the opening of the Sondheim Center for the Performing Arts.
Champlin's awards include the 2007 OBIE award, the Princess Grace Award, the title of National Tap Dance Champion four consecutive times, and she has received grants from the National Foundation for Advancement in the Arts, The Anna Sosenko Trust, and has received The Charlie Willard Memorial Grant.
Champlin's film and television credits include The Dark Half, the 2000 and 2006 Annual Tony Awards, The View, Law & Order, The Rosie O'Donnell Show, and Live with Regis and Kelly. From 2015 to 2019, she starred in the role of Paula Proctor in The CW comedy-drama series Crazy Ex-Girlfriend. In 2022, she appeared in the Showtime series The First Lady.
Champlin released a solo album entitled Old Friends, performs a one-woman show entitled Finishing the Hat, and teaches acting at the Carnegie Mellon University, the University of Hartford, and New York University.
Personal life
Champlin married actor Andrew Arrow in 2010 and they have one child.
Filmography
Television
Film
Podcasts
Theatre credits
Awards and nominations
References
External links
American film actresses
American television actresses
American stage actresses
Carnegie Mellon University College of Fine Arts alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
New York University faculty
University of Hartford faculty
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Living people
Princess Grace Awards winners
1971 births
21st-century American actresses
Actresses from Rochester, New York
21st-century American singers
Singers from New York (state)
Educators from New York (state)
American women educators
20th-century American actresses
20th-century American women singers
The clown loach (Chromobotia macracanthus), or tiger botia, is a tropical freshwater fish belonging to the botiid loach family. It is the sole member of the genus Chromobotia. It originates in inland waters in Indonesia on the islands of Sumatra and Borneo. In Sentarum, West Borneo that fish named: ulanguli. It is a popular fish in the freshwater aquarium trade and is sold worldwide.
Taxonomy and naming
The fish was first described as Cobitis macracanthus by Pieter Bleeker in 1852. In 1989, its scientific name was changed to Botia macracanthus. In 2004, Dr. Maurice Kottelat divided the genus Botia, containing 47 different species, into seven separate genera, resulting in the clown loach being placed in a genus of its own, Chromobotia. Its scientific name roughly translates to “Large-thorned colourful warrior”.
The common name, "clown loach" comes from the fish's bright colours and stripes (often tropical fish with stripes that stand out are commonly called "clown") as well as from its habit of 'entertaining' aquarium owners with strange habits, such as swimming upside down, or 'playing dead.'
Description and behavior
Information about the maximum size of the clown loach varies, with some estimates ranging up to , and with typical adult sizes ranging from . The fish's body is long and laterally compressed, with an arched dorsal surface and a flat ventral surface. Its head is relatively large and its mouth faces downward with thick, fleshy lips, and four pairs of barbels. The barbels on the lower jaw are small and difficult to see. Clown loaches can make clicking sounds when they are happy, being territorial (used as a type of weapon/warning) or mating. This sound is produced by the grinding of their pharyngeal teeth.
The body is whitish-orange to reddish-orange, with three thick, black, triangular, vertical bands. The anterior band runs from the top of the head and through the eye, the medial band lies between the head and the dorsal fin, and wraps around to the ventral surface, and the posterior band covers almost all of the caudal peduncle and extends to the anal fin. There is some regional colour variation within the species; the pelvic fins on fish from Borneo are reddish-orange and black, while the pelvic fins on fish from Sumatra are entirely reddish-orange.
The fish is sexually dimorphic, with females being slightly plumper than males. In addition, the tips of the tail on the male curve inwards slightly, whereas the females have straight tips.
The fish has a movable spine that lies in a groove below the eye, which may be extended as a defence mechanism. The spine may cause a painful wound, but is not venomous. It also may be used as a predation tool as it is set close to the mouth.
Distribution and habitat
Clown loaches are native to the islands of Sumatra and Borneo in Indonesia. Clear stream environments provide the optimal habitat for clown loaches, but biannual monsoon flooding forces the fish to move into flooded flood plains, or murky or blackwater rivers or lakes, for 7–8 months of the year, and clown loaches are commonly found in the flood plains of hilly areas. Breeding adults migrate to smaller waterways to spawn annually.
In its native habitat, the fish is found in water with a temperature range of , a pH between 5.0 and 8.0, and water hardness between 5 and 12 dH.
Reproduction in captivity
Clown loach reproduce in captivity only after hormonal stimulation of final oocyte maturation and ovulation. Captive breeding and mass production of clown loach is done primarily in country of origin (Indonesia) and in Europe ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qerHElt1ozQ ).
In the aquarium
A common and popular fish for tropical freshwater aquaria, C. macracanthus is a visually pleasing species.
Although specimens in the wild will reach 40 to 50 cm, in the aquaria it is uncommon for C. macracanthus to attain more than 15 to 20 cm fork length. They are a very long-lived species, living up to 30 years.
These fish have bifurcated spines under the eyes. They are thought to be used as a defence mechanism and possibly, for obtaining prey.
C. macracanthus will associate with other benthic species in the aquaria if kept singly or with few other specimens. They make suitable tank-mates for any non-aggressive community fishes, but do not thrive when kept with larger, more dominant species.
Occasionally C. macracanthus will exhibit erratic swimming patterns, such as swimming on their sides or upside down. This is not usually a sign of illness, however, and the fish will normally return to normal behaviour almost instantly.
As C. macracanthus is found in riverine environments it is able to cope with good flow rates of water in the aquaria. Aquascapes may replicate this environment to suit the requirements of the species with areas of high flow, but also typically include areas of low flow to allow the fish to rest. C. macracanthus is also fond of cover and is not overly accustomed to bright lighting. The fish will often seek areas of shade or cover in which to rest during the day and become more active when light levels are more subdued.
The barbels of clown loaches are known to be easily damaged by rough substrates, such as gravel, in aquaria.
Clown loaches are particularly susceptible to Ichthyophthirius (ich), or white spot disease. Due to the fact that clown loaches have small or no scales, they are often not treated with full doses of medications.
Over-exploitation of C. macracanthus has motivated the development of conservation efforts, mostly new artificial propagation techniques. C. macracanthus is easier to breed when individuals are between two and four centimeters in size.
Most clown loaches accept commercial flake food and sinking pellets as their dietary staple, but thrive with a variety of food: live (worms, brine shrimp, small snails), banana, other plant matter, freeze-dried (tubifex worms, especially if it is fortified) and frozen brine shrimp. Clown loaches (and their cousins) are also one of the few fishes that will eat bladder snails (Physella acuta), and are valued by aquarists for controlling this pest in planted aquaria.
See also
List of freshwater aquarium fish species
References
Botiidae
Freshwater fish of Indonesia
Fishkeeping
Fish described in 1852
Littoinen (Finnish; Littois in Swedish) is a village in south-western Finland, centred on Lake Littoinen (, ). The village is shared between the town of Kaarina and the municipality of Lieto, and it borders the regional centre of Turku. It started growing after the founding of a broadcloth factory by Lake Littoinen in 1739, and the railway connection built in 1899 increased its growth. In the 1960s the operations of the broadcloth factory () were discontinued due to decreased demand, but the premises still exist and have been transformed into residential and commercial spaces. The factory's heritage is still visible in the village's place and street names.
Kaarina
Lieto
Villages in Finland
Michael Kennedy (1911 – 14 May 1977) was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Limerick senior team.
Kennedy joined the team during the 1933 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement almost a decade later. During that time he won three All-Ireland medals, four Munster medals and five National Hurling League medals. Kennedy was an All-Ireland runner-up on one occasion.
At club level Kennedy played with Young Irelands.
References
1911 births
1977 deaths
Drom-Inch hurlers
Young Irelands (Limerick) hurlers
Tipperary hurlers
Limerick inter-county hurlers
Munster inter-provincial hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Rugby Union of Russia () is the governing body for rugby union in Russia. It was founded in 1936 originally as the Rugby Union of the Soviet Union. The Rugby Union of Russia became affiliated to World Rugby (previously known as the International Rugby Football Board, and still later as the International Rugby Board) in 1990. After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, World Rugby and Rugby Europe suspended Russia from international and European continental rugby union competition. In addition, the Rugby Union of Russia was suspended from World Rugby and Rugby Europe.
Aims
The Rugby Union of Russia set a goal for the Russian national team to qualify for the 2011 Rugby World Cup in New Zealand, and make their first appearance in the tournament. The team succeeded, qualifying as Europe 2 in Pool C, where one of their opponents was one of the country's main sporting rivals, the United States. Further ahead, they targeted being a top twelve rugby playing nations by 2015, and reaching the quarter finals stage of the 2019 Rugby World Cup in Japan.
See also
Russia national rugby union team
Rugby union in Russia
References
External links
Official Site
Rugby union in Russia
Rugby
Rugby union governing bodies in Europe
World Rugby members
Sports organizations established in 1936
1936 establishments in Russia
The Four Seasons Hotel St. Louis is a hotel located in downtown St. Louis, Missouri. It is well known for its luxury suites and extensive modern art collection said to be worth over $7 million. Due to its central location in the city, it is a popular destination for those attending events at Busch Stadium and the Enterprise Center.
References
Hotels in St. Louis
Downtown St. Louis
Buildings and structures in St. Louis
Princess of Glass is a 2010 fantasy novel written by Jessica Day George. Similar to how its prequel, Princess of the Midnight Ball, is based on the Twelve Dancing Princesses, Princess of Glass is based on Cinderella.
Summary
A couple of years after being freed from the curse of the King Under Stone, who had forced her and her eleven sisters to dance, Princess Poppy of Westfalin finds herself participating in an exchange program where princes and princesses spend time in other countries in Ionia, in the hopes of bringing the nations closer. Poppy finds herself going to her late mother's home country of Breton, where she stays with relatives. Since the curse, Poppy has sworn off dancing forever, and attends balls only to play cards.
In Breton, Poppy soon befriends Prince Christian of the Danelaw. In the midst of their budding relationship, Christian and a hapless maid named Ellen quickly become the targets of the Corley, a dangerous and vindictive creature who will stop at nothing to make sure her revenge is completed.
Characters
Princess Poppy: An outspoken and unconventional young lady, Poppy is one of the middle sisters among the twelve princesses introduced in Princess of the Midnight Ball. She maintains a tough exterior for the sake of others, but feels somewhat insecure without the presence of her sisters and is secretly haunted by nightmares of the King Under Stone.
Ellen Parker: Formerly Eleanora Parke-Whittington, Ellen is a maid who seems to be cursed with an unusual amount of ineptness since the loss of her family after their fortunes collapsed. Because of her clumsiness, Ellen has been passed through a number of employers until she is placed in the service of the Seadowns' household. Unable to see past her own pride, she quickly becomes the target of the Corley, who claims to be Ellen's godmother, and promises to deliver her from her miserable life of servitude by marrying her off to a Dane prince. She attends balls under the alias "Lady Ella."
Prince Christian: The Prince of the Danelaw, a good-hearted and friendly young man sent to stay with the Bretoner royal family. He develops a romantic interest in Poppy, but becomes the Corley's target for marrying off her goddaughter, the Lady Ella.
The Corley: A malevolent witch who uses glass as part of her spells. While she appears jovial and benevolent, she intends to use Ellen and Christian to fulfill her revenge from long ago that involved the death of her true goddaughter after she fell in love with a Dane prince.
Roger Thwaite: A sophisticated and serious young man who has recently returned from the Far East. As the rest of their friends fall under the Corley's spell, Poppy and Roger must use their limited knowledge of magic to save their friends from the Corley. He is a childhood sweetheart of Eleanora, and he and Ellen still reciprocate those feelings for one another.
Marianne Seadown: Poppy's second cousin, a cheerful and kindhearted young woman. Unlike Poppy, she is sweet-natured and ladylike, but does not hesitate to support Poppy and her friends when needed. However, when she falls under the Corley's spell, she becomes unusually vindictive whenever Lady Ella is brought up.
Dickon Thwaite: Roger's younger brother and Marianne's sweetheart. He is a friendly and affable young man, though less sophisticated than his older brother. He falls under the Corley's spell and quickly becomes infatuated with Lady Ella, along with many other men.
Lady Margaret Seadown: Marianne's mother and the elegant cousin of Poppy's mother, Maude, as well as a relative of King Rupert of Breton. A gracious and beautiful woman, Lady Margaret warmly welcomes Poppy into her home and encourages Poppy to attend balls, despite Poppy's aversion to dancing.
Lord Richard Seadown: Marianne's father, a kind and generous man. However, Poppy quickly realizes that Lord Richard is unusually reluctant to win at cards and is strangely immune to the spells of the Corley. As Poppy and her friends eventually learn, he knows more about the Corley and Eleanora's circumstances than anyone realizes.
See also
Cinderella
Princess of the Midnight Ball
External links
Princess of Glass at the author's website
2010 American novels
Works based on Cinderella
Young adult fantasy novels
American fantasy novels
Novels based on fairy tales
American young adult novels
Novels by Jessica Day George
The 1970-71 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 64 teams divided in 8 pools. The first four of each pool, were qualified for the "last 32".
'Béziers won The French Rugby Union Championship beating Toulon in the final.
For Béziers, was the first of ten title in two decades, while Touloun had to wait until 1987.
Qualification round
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round. The teams are listed according to the final ranking
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1971 lnr.fr
1971
1970–71 rugby union tournaments for clubs
Championship
Protodrilida is an order of polychaetes belonging to the class Polychaeta.
Families:
Protodrilidae Czerniavsky, 1881
Protodriloididae Purschke & Jouin, 1988
References
Polychaetes
Tasneem Ahmed Qureshi () is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013.
Political career
He served as former tehsil nazim.
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-66 (Sargodha-III) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2002 Pakistani general election. He received 40,448 votes and defeated Muhammad Arshad Shahid, a candidate of Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA).
He was re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-66 (Sargodha-III) as a candidate of PPP in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 69,943 voted and defeated Chaudhry Hamid Hameed. He also served as minister of state for interior.
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-66 (Sargodha-III) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. He received 29,624 votes and lost the seat to Chaudhry Hamid Hameed.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Punjabi people
Year of birth missing (living people)
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C6H6O4}}
The molecular formula C6H6O4 (molar mass : 142.10 g/mol, exact mass : 142.026608 u) may refer to:
Dimethyl acetylenedicarboxylate
5-Hydroxymaltol
2-Hydroxymuconate semialdehyde
Kojic acid
Muconic acid
Tetrahydroxybenzene
1,2,3,4-Tetrahydroxybenzene
1,2,3,5-Tetrahydroxybenzene
1,2,4,5-Tetrahydroxybenzene
Clitaetra is a genus of spiders in a family Araneidae. It was formerly placed in a separate family, Nephilidae. It occurs in Africa, Madagascar and Sri Lanka, hinting to a Gondwanan origin. a split between Clitaetra and related genera may be as old as 160 million years.
The smallest species (C. thisbe) reaches 3.5 mm in female length, the biggest species can be as long as one centimetre.
Name
The etymology of the genus name is unknown.
Species
, a World Spider Catalog accepted a following species:
Clitaetra clathrata Simon, 1907 – West Africa
Clitaetra episinoides Simon, 1889 – Comoro Is.
Clitaetra irenae Kuntner, 2006 – South Africa
Clitaetra perroti Simon, 1894 – Madagascar
Clitaetra simoni Benoit, 1962 – Congo
Clitaetra thisbe Simon, 1903 – Sri Lanka
References
Araneidae
Spiders of Africa
Spiders of Asia
Araneomorphae genera
Yemelyanovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 18 as of 2002.
Geography
Yemelyanovskaya is located 57 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Marachevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Ab-e Garm (, also Romanized as Āb-e Garm; also known as Āb Garm-e-Lārījān, Āb Garm-e Lārījān-e Pā'īn, Āb Garm-e Pā'īn Lārījān, and Ābgarm Lārījān) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 306, in 91 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Bungalora is a small town located in the Northern Rivers Region of New South Wales. It had a population of 69 in the 2016 census.
References
Towns in New South Wales
Northern Rivers
Tweed Shire
Arkansas was admitted to the Union on June 15, 1836, and elects its senators to Class 2 and Class 3. Arkansas's Senate seats were declared vacant in July 1861, due to its secession from the Union. They were again filled from June 1868. Its current senators are Republicans John Boozman and Tom Cotton. John L. McClellan was Arkansas's longest-serving senator (1943–1977).
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=5 | 1
| rowspan=5 align=left | William S. Fulton
| | Jacksonian
| rowspan=5 nowrap | September 18, 1836 –August 15, 1844
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1836.
| rowspan=3 | 1
|
| 1
| Elected in 1836.
| rowspan=9 nowrap | September 18, 1836 –March 15, 1848
| | Jacksonian
| rowspan=9 align=right | Ambrose H. Sevier
! rowspan=9 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4 | Democratic
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1837.
| rowspan=8 | Democratic
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1840.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=9 | 3
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1843.Resigned.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | August 15, 1844 –November 8, 1844
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=5 | 2
| rowspan=5 align=left | Chester Ashley
| rowspan=5 | Democratic
| rowspan=5 nowrap | November 8, 1844 –April 29, 1848
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish Fulton's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected to a full term in 1846.Died.
| rowspan=7 | 3
| rowspan=5
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | March 15, 1848 –March 30, 1848
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to finish Sevier's term.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 30, 1848 –April 11, 1853
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 align=right | Solon Borland
! rowspan=6 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | April 29, 1848 –May 12, 1848
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=10 | 3
| rowspan=10 align=left | William K. Sebastian
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
| rowspan=10 nowrap | May 12, 1848 –July 11, 1861
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Ashley's term.Elected November 17, 1848 to finish Ashley's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Elected to full term in 1848.Resigned.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Elected to full term in 1853.
| rowspan=5 | 4
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | April 11, 1853 –July 6, 1853
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Borland's term.Elected to finish Borland's term November 10, 1854.
| rowspan=4 nowrap | July 6, 1853 –March 3, 1861
| rowspan=4 | Democratic
| rowspan=4 align=right | Robert W. Johnson
! rowspan=4 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1855.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1859.Expelled.(Expulsion was reversed by the Senate in 1877).
| rowspan=4 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2
| rowspan=4 | 6
| Elected in 1860 or 1861.Expelled for supporting the Confederacy.
| nowrap | March 4, 1861 –July 11, 1861
| | Democratic
| align=right | Charles B. Mitchel
! 4
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4 colspan=3 | Vacant
| rowspan=4 nowrap | July 11, 1861 –June 22, 1868
| rowspan=4 | Civil War and Reconstruction
| rowspan=5 | Civil War and Reconstruction
| rowspan=5 nowrap | July 11, 1861 –June 23, 1868
| rowspan=5 colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 7
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 align=left | Alexander McDonald
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | June 22, 1868 –March 3, 1871
| rowspan=3 | Elected upon readmission.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected upon readmission.Unknown if retired or lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | June 23, 1868 –March 3, 1873
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Benjamin F. Rice
! rowspan=3 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 align=left | Powell Clayton
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1871 –March 3, 1877
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1870.Unknown if retired or lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1872 or 1873.Retired.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1873 –March 3, 1879
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Stephen W. Dorsey
! rowspan=3 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=5 | 6
| rowspan=5 align=left | Augustus Garland
| rowspan=5 | Democratic
| rowspan=5 nowrap | March 4, 1877 –March 6, 1885
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1876.
| rowspan=3 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1878.Retired.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1879 –March 3, 1885
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | James D. Walker
! rowspan=3 | 7
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1883.Resigned to become U.S. Attorney General.
| rowspan=5 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 10
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1885.
| rowspan=11 nowrap | March 4, 1885 –March 3, 1903
| rowspan=11 | Democratic
| rowspan=11 align=right | James K. Jones
! rowspan=11 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | March 6, 1885 –March 20, 1885
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=11 | 7
| rowspan=11 align=left | James H. Berry
| rowspan=11 | Democratic
| rowspan=11 nowrap | March 20, 1885 –March 3, 1907
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish Garland's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1889.
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1891.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1895.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1897.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1901.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1903.
| rowspan=10 nowrap | March 4, 1903 –October 1, 1916
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
| rowspan=10 align=right | James P. Clarke
! rowspan=10 | 9
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 align=left | Jeff Davis
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1907 –January 3, 1913
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 29, 1907.Died.
| rowspan=6 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 14
| rowspan=6 | Re-elected in 1909.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | January 3, 1913 –January 6, 1913
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 9
| align=left | John N. Heiskell
| | Democratic
| nowrap | January 6, 1913 –January 29, 1913
| Appointed to continue Davis's term.Successor qualified.
|- style="height:2em"
! 10
| align=left | William M. Kavanaugh
| | Democratic
| nowrap | January 29, 1913 –March 3, 1913
| Elected to finish Davis's term.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=17 | 11
| rowspan=17 align=left | Joseph Robinson
| rowspan=17 | Democratic
| rowspan=17 nowrap | March 4, 1913 –July 14, 1937
| rowspan=5 | Elected January 29, 1913
| rowspan=5 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 15
| Re-elected in 1914.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | October 1, 1916 –November 8, 1916
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected to finish Clarke's term.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | November 8, 1916 –March 3, 1921
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | William F. Kirby
! rowspan=3 | 10
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1918.
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1920.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1921 –November 6, 1931
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 align=right | Thaddeus H. Caraway
! rowspan=6 | 11
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1924.
| rowspan=3 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1926.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1930.
| rowspan=5 | 17
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | November 6, 1931 –November 13, 1931
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to finish her husband's term.Elected January 12, 1932 to finish her husband's term.
| rowspan=11 nowrap | November 13, 1931 –January 3, 1945
| rowspan=11 | Democratic
| rowspan=11 align=right | Hattie W. Caraway
! rowspan=11 | 12
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 18
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1932.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1936.Died.
| rowspan=7 | 18
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | July 14, 1937 –November 15, 1937
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 align=left | John E. Miller
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | November 15, 1937 –March 31, 1941
| rowspan=3 | Elected to finish Robinson's term.Resigned to become U.S. District Judge.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 19
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1938.Lost renomination.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | March 31, 1941 –April 1, 1941
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 13
| align=left | Lloyd Spencer
| | Democratic
| nowrap | April 1, 1941 –January 3, 1943
| Appointed to finish Miller's term.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=19 | 14
| rowspan=19 align=left | John L. McClellan
| rowspan=19 | Democratic
| rowspan=19 nowrap | January 3, 1943 –November 28, 1977
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1942.
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 20
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1944.
| rowspan=15 nowrap | January 3, 1945 – December 31, 1974
| rowspan=15 | Democratic
| rowspan=15 align=right | J. William Fulbright
! rowspan=15 | 13
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1948.
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1950.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1954.
| rowspan=3 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1956.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1960.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 23
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1962.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1966.
| rowspan=3 | 23
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 24
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1968.Lost re-nomination, then resigned.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1972.Died.
| rowspan=6 | 24
| rowspan=2
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | December 31, 1974 –January 3, 1975
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 25
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1974.
| rowspan=14 nowrap | January 3, 1975 –January 3, 1999
| rowspan=14 | Democratic
| rowspan=14 align=right | Dale Bumpers
! rowspan=14 | 14
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | November 28, 1977 –December 10, 1977
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 15
| align=left | Kaneaster Hodges, Jr.
| | Democratic
| nowrap | December 10, 1977 –January 3, 1979
| Appointed to finish McClellan's term.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 16
| rowspan=9 align=left | David H. Pryor
| rowspan=9 | Democratic
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 1979 –January 3, 1997
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1978.
| rowspan=3 | 25
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 26
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1980.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1984.
| rowspan=3 | 26
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 27
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1986.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1990.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 27
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 28
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1992.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 align=left | Tim Hutchinson
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1997 –January 3, 2003
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1996.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 28
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 29
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1998.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1999 –January 3, 2011
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 align=right | Blanche Lincoln
! rowspan=6 | 15
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 18
| rowspan=6 align=left | Mark Pryor
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 | January 3, 2003 –January 3, 2015
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2002.
| rowspan=3 | 29
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 30
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2004.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2008.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 30
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 31
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2010.
| rowspan=6 | January 3, 2011 –Present
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | John Boozman
! rowspan=6 | 16
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 19
| rowspan=6 align=left | Tom Cotton
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 2015 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2014.
| rowspan=3 | 31
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 32
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2020.
| rowspan=3 | 32
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3|33
| rowspan=3 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2026 election.
| 33
|
Living former senators
, there are four living former U.S. senators from Arkansas. The most recent senator to die was Kaneaster Hodges Jr. (served 1977−1979) on March 23, 2022. The most recently serving senator to die was Dale Bumpers (served 1975–1999) on January 1, 2016.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
List of United States representatives from Arkansas
United States congressional delegations from Arkansas
References
United States senators
Arkansas
Feyzabad (, also Romanized as Feyẕābād, Faizābād, and Feyzābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Holger Danske (Ogier the Dane) is the title of a 1789 Syngespil opera based on the Oberon myth, with music by F.L.Æ. Kunzen and a Danish libretto by Jens Baggesen.
Synopsis
The opera is set in the time of Charlemagne, and the action revolves around the quarrel of Oberon, King of the Fairies, and Titania, Queen of the Sylphs. They have sworn an oath that they will reconcile only if they can find a human couple who will remain true to each other despite all perils and temptations; after centuries of painful separation, they find this couple in young prince Holger, one of Charlemagne's knights, and Rezia, the daughter of Sultan Buurman in Baghdad. Holger has killed one of Charlemagne's sons in self-defense, and his punishment is to cut off a lock of the sultan's beard and kiss his daughter in public.
Act One opens with Oberon singing of his longing for Titania. Then Holger and his squire Kerasmin, in a forest in Lebanon, meet Oberon, who promises Holger his help and gives him a magic horn that can force others to dance; Holger tries it on Kerasmin to punish him for his hard words about Oberon. Then the two travel on to Babylon. The act ends with Rezia awakening from a dream in which Holger appears to her as her true bridegroom; she is in despair, because that day she is to marry Langulaffer, Prince of the Lebanon.
Act Two begins in Buurman's palace, where the marriage of his daughter is about to be celebrated; Holger and Kerasmin interrupt the ceremony, Holger and Rezia recognize each other from their dreams and embrace joyfully; a fight breaks out, and Kerasmin blows the horn and forces everyone to dance ecstatically until they drop from exhaustion, at which point Holger snips a lock from Buurman's beard, and Oberon appears and drives the Turks away.
Act Three opens with Titania lamenting her separation from Oberon; she has a vision of Holger and Rezia being menaced by death. Three fairies enter and report that the ship that was to take the young couple to Europe had been wrecked on the coast of Tunis, where they were sold as slaves to the court of the Sultan Bobul. Holger is working as a gardener for the Sultana Almansaris, who tries unsuccessfully to seduce him and angrily tells her guard to take him to be burned at the stake. Meanwhile, Rezia, now called Palmine and part of the sultan's harem, fights off his advances and says she would rather die in flames than submit. The two are chained together and about to be burned in the public square, but Oberon and Titania appear and free the pair, and Holger once more uses the horn to make his enemies dance until they are helpless. Both fairy and human couples are united at last, and the opera ends with a chorus of joy.
Holger Feud and the opera's later history
Holger Danske is now considered one of the masterpieces of Danish opera, but when it opened on 31 March 1789 it sparked off a heated controversy, the "Holger Feud," having nothing to do with the merits of the opera itself. There had been considerable tension over the influence and attitudes of Germans in Denmark since the rise and fall of Johann Friedrich Struensee almost two decades earlier; nationalists like the leading reviewer Knud Lyhne Rahbek attacked Baggesen and his German collaborator, and opponents of opera in general like the witty satirist Peter Andreas Heiberg joined in.
Baggesen was so unnerved by the attacks that he requested the opera be withdrawn after only six performances, and he and Kunzen left the country; though both returned and had success in Denmark later, the opera was never again performed in their lifetimes, to the distress of critics like Peter Grønland, who in 1792 praised the opera highly and said he could not understand why it was "no longer performed." Ole Kongsted writes of the later fate of the opera:
"One performance of the first act at a Royal Orchestra Widows' Pension Fund concert in 1804 made no impact, and the opera was never again part of the repertoire of the Royal Theatre. The work lay hidden away until Kunzen's biographer Martienssen had it performed in 1912 at the Cecilia Society.
Then it was forgotten again until it was performed a few times at the Royal Theatre in 1941; Poul Kanneworff directed, Harald Lander did the choreography, and Johan Hye-Knudsen conducted. In the same version, the opera was then repeated in 1944, and — oddly enough — it was now considered, 150 years later, to be a national Danish manifestation against the German occupation.
Nils Schiørring — the greatest expert on Danish musical history — thought that Holger Danske must be considered "the most significant musicodramatic work that saw the light of day in the country in the 1700s."
References
Sources
Libretto booklet accompanying Dacapo CD release of opera, Copenhagen, 1995.
Danish-language operas
Operas
1789 operas
Operas by F.L.Æ. Kunzen
Danish Culture Canon
USS Sarsi (AT-111/ATF-111) was an Abnaki-class fleet ocean tug commissioned in California in 1943. She served during World War II in North Pacific waters, and during the Korean War, she performed her towing services until she was sunk during Typhoon Karen in 1952 by a drifting naval mine off the coast of Korea.
Constructed in California
Sarsi (AT-111) was laid down on 25 January 1943 by the United Engineering and Dry Dock Co., Alameda, California; launched on 12 June 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Robert E. Christy; redesignated ATF-111 on 15 May 1944; and commissioned on 24 June 1944.
World War II service
Following shakedown training off southern California, Sarsi headed north to assume fleet tug duties in the 17th Naval District, headquartered at Kodiak (temporarily Adak) Alaska.
She arrived in the Aleutians on 19 August and, by the end of World War II, had completed 45 jobs in the Aleutians and, on four occasions, had supported units of the North Pacific Task Forces engaged in raids against the Kuriles and enemy shipping north of Hokkaido. During the latter, no casualties were inflicted on the ships of the attack forces.
In carrying out her varied missions-salvage, towing, personnel and cargo lifts-in the Aleutian chain, the tug operated from Unalaska, Kodiak, Umnak, Seguam, Adak, Tanaga, Amatignak, Amchitka, Shemya, and Attu.
Post-war service
After the war, she remained on active duty and continued to provide tug and transportation services to ships and bases in the Aleutians. In the spring of 1947, she returned to southern California and commenced operations out of San Diego, California, which took her south along the west coast to Panama; west to the Hawaiian, Marshall, and Mariana Islands; and, five years later, north, back to the Aleutians. By that time, however, war had returned to the Pacific; and the United States was involved in the United Nations effort in Korea.
Korean War service
On 24 March 1952, Sarsi, commanded by Lt. W. M. Howard, departed San Diego, California, and sailed west. On 18 April, she arrived at Sasebo, Japan. On the 20th, she took on ammunition; and, a week later, she continued on toward the embattled Korean peninsula. At the end of the month, she moored on the east side of Yodp, in the approaches to Wonsan harbor; and, as a unit of Task Group 92.2, the east coast Blockade and Escort Force, she performed towing, salvage, patrol, escort, buoy tender, and transportation duties.
On 19 May, she returned to Sasebo, whence she completed one rescue mission and several towing assignments to southeastern Korean and Japanese ports. In late June, she operated off the west coast of Korea. In July, she again operated between southeastern Korea and Kyūshū; and, on 19 August, she returned to the Wonsan area and resumed her varied duties there.
Sunk in Typhoon Karen
On the 20th, typhoon “Karen” hit the coast. For the next week, Sarsi towed various vessels; carried light cargo and personnel; relocated buoys and conducted nighttime, close-inshore anti-mining and anti-junk patrols.
On the afternoon of the 27th, she refueled from Cimarron; and, at 1847, moved north to patrol along the edge of the mineswept waters between Wonsan and Hungnam. At 2200, all unnecessary lights were extinguished. She reached Hungnam without incident; but, as she turned to return to Wonsan, a drifting mine, probably cut loose by the typhoon, exploded against her hull. Damage control efforts proved futile, and Sarsi sank in twenty minutes.
Four men were killed. The remainder, including four wounded, spent the night in, or clinging to, life rafts, life preservers, and the ship's whale boat. The whale boat, kept pointed out to sea with lines to the rafts, prevented drifting onto the enemy held shore. Rescue ships – destroyer Boyd, and minesweepers Zeal and Competent—arrived in the morning; and carried the survivors to friendly territory for medical treatment and reassignment.
Honors and awards
Sarsi earned two campaign stars for her service during the Korean War.
See also
United States Navy
Korean War
References
NavSource Online: AT-111 / ATF-111 Sarsi
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Ships sunk by mines
Korean War auxiliary ships of the United States
Abnaki-class tugs
Shipwrecks of Korea
Ships built in Alameda, California
1943 ships
LaNada War Jack (born LaNada Vernae Boyer, 1947), also known as LaNada Boyer and LaNada Means, is an American writer and activist. She was the first Native American student admitted to the University of California at Berkeley in 1968. She led the drive to create the Native American Student Organization and became its chair. As a leader of the Third World Strike at UC Berkeley in 1969, she was arrested but succeeded in obtaining approval for the first ethnic studies courses to be included in the university's curricula. A few months later, she became one of the organizers of the Occupation of Alcatraz in 1969. After the occupation, she completed her bachelor's degree at the University of California, Berkeley and went on to study law at Antioch School of Law in Washington, D.C. While in Washington, she participated in the takeover of the Bureau of Indian Affairs office in 1972.
Returning to Idaho in 1974, War Jack (then known as Boyer) was involved in tribal politics and served a two-year term on the Shoshone-Bannock Tribes of the Fort Hall Reservation of Idaho Tribal Council. In 1979, she moved to Nevada and operated a ranch near Wadsworth, gaining certification in permaculture from the Permaculture Institute at Tagari Garden Farm, near Sisters Creek, Tasmania. Along with her husband, Gus James, a Northern Paiute, she worked on preserving natural resources for American Indian use. When they divorced in the early 1990s, she returned to Idaho and earned a master's degree in public administration and a PhD in political science from Idaho State University. She served for three years as the Executive Director of the Shoshone Bannock Tribes. She has continued her activism on behalf of Native people and is a distinguished professor at Boise State University, teaching Native law and governance courses.
Early life and education
LaNada Vernae Boyer was born in 1947 on the Fort Hall Indian Reservation in Bingham County, Idaho to Olive May (née Burns) and Edward Queep Boyer. Her mother was a veteran of World War II and had worked as a welder in the Vancouver shipyard before returning to the reservation to raise her family. On her maternal side, her grandparents were Edith (née Bartlett), a teacher descended from Teash Ocean, and John Burns, son of the Bannock chief, Tahgee. Her father had also served in the United States Navy in Vancouver and later became a council member and chair of the Shoshone-Bannock Tribes of the Fort Hall Reservation of Idaho during the termination period. He represented the tribe in their land claims, and testified before the U.S. Congress on civil rights, education, and water rights in the 1960s. In the 1970s, he founded the Shoshone-Bannock Legal Research Project to continue the cultural and civic protection of American Indians. He was descended from war chief Tah mon mah.
Boyer attended school on the reservation and in the American Indian boarding schools system. She was a good student, but was frequently expelled and had to change schools because she spoke out about the institutional environment. "Children were beaten for speaking their native language, practicing
their culture, and following their own religions". In 1965, because there were no jobs on the reservation, Boyer moved to San Francisco, through the U.S. government relocation program. She married Theodore L. Means, a relative of Russell Means. The couple had two children but divorced in 1967. In January 1968, she enrolled at the University of California at Berkeley, becoming the first Native American student admitted to the institution. Active in student politics, she led the drive to create the campus Native American Student Organization and became its chair.
Student activism (1969–1973)
In January 1969, Means became involved in the Third World Strike, which demanded that the university included histories of communities of color in their curricula to be taught by people of color. It united students from the Afro-American Students Union, the Asian American Political Alliance, the Mexican-American Student Confederation, and the Native American Student Organization. Means was among the students arrested during the protests and suspended for her leadership of the demonstrations, along with Manuel Ruben Delgado and Ysidro Macias. In the 1960s, it was rare for political movements to have women in leadership positions and supporting Means in her authority to lead became a symbol for indigenous feminism. Within three months, the strikes were successful in securing an agreement for launching the first ethnic studies department in the United States at UC Berkeley.
Since the 1964 Occupation of Alcatraz, the island had been a powerful symbol to urban Indians in the San Francisco Bay Area. In 1969, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors granted Lamar Hunt preliminary approval for the commercial development of Alcatraz. Shortly after, in October, the San Francisco Indian Center, the primary meeting place and administrative center for social services for the Bay Area's urban Indians burned. The United Council of the Bay Area proposed Alcatraz as a replacement facility and began plans to take over the island. On November 9, 1969, Means and Richard Oakes led 12 other students to occupy Alcatraz Island overnight. Lacking food and shelter, they left the following day.
Distancing herself from "so-called Indian leaders" who were distrusted because of their age and social status in mainstream society, Means urged the student activists to plan a return to the island when John Folster, Adam Fortunate Eagle, and George Woodward were out of town. The students chose November 20, because the leadership were scheduled to be away at a national Indian educational conference. Means, one of the few who remained on the island for the 19-month occupation, brought her 2-year-old son, Deynon and on Sundays would leave to check on her apartment and communicate with her professors. Consciously choosing to bring their families, activists hoped to convey the generational and inter-tribal nature of their quest for indigenous rights. She wrote the grant proposal for $300,000 seeking to create a cultural and university facility on Alcatraz and served in a leadership role throughout the occupation, traveling throughout the United States and speaking to raise support for their cause. She became friends with Jane Fonda, who assisted her in obtaining engagements and television appearances. The Occupation of Alcatraz became a symbol of the struggle of indigenous people to re-establish their identity and led to over 50 other occupations of government facilities.
When the occupation ended, Means completed her education in 1971, graduating with honors in Native American Law & Politics. One of the founding members of the Native American Rights Fund, she served on its executive board for a decade. She relocated to Washington D.C. and enrolled in law school at the Antioch School of Law. In November 1972, she took part (as LaNada Boyer) in the occupation of the offices of the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The activists remained in the building for a week seeking to raise awareness of government failures in providing for American Indians and in treaty violations.
Politics (1976–1990)
Boyer returned to the reservation, and in 1974, ran for a seat on the Shoshone-Bannock Tribal Council. In 1976, she ran again, and was successful in obtaining a seat on the Tribal Council, serving a two-year term. During her time on the Council, the tribe was in a dispute with the Power County Board of Commissioners over zoning rights, hunting and fishing rights, and representation for non-Native residents on the tribal council. Boyer's position was that the reservation was created for tribal members and should remain within the purview of tribal law.
In 1979, Boyer married Alvin Ray "Gus" James, a Paiute involved in the Pyramid Lake Indian Reservation resource rights litigation with the federal government. By the early 1980s, James was living in Nevada and operating a ranch near Wadsworth, where they engaged in permaculture for their organic garden. She earned a Certificate in Permaculture Design in 1985 from the Permaculture Institute at Tagari Garden Farm, near Sisters Creek, Tasmania. She had two more children and assisted Gus in pressing the water rights case regarding the Truckee River. She also served on the Ad Hoc Committee to Protect Indian Water Rights and represented the organization in public meetings regarding proposed legislation. In 1986 the couple circulated a successful petition to reject a proposed bill to compensate the tribe for water use, but which did not contain provisions for adequate lake levels for spawning fish. That year, James also ran on the Democratic ticket for the Nevada Assembly as a representative for District 34, but was defeated.
Later career (1990–present)
James divorced and returned to Idaho. She enrolled in a master's program at Idaho State University, earning her degree in public administration. In 1997, she worked as a congressional fellow in Washington, D.C. Continuing her studies, she graduated with a PhD in political science in 1999, becoming the first member of her tribe to earn a doctorate. James began using her tribal name LaNada War Jack, and served three years as Executive Director of the Shoshone Bannock Tribes. In 2002, War Jack attended the Land Retention Summit in Epes, Alabama, which allowed advocates and activists to share their stories and advice on retaining and managing their lands. She founded a non-profit organization, the Atzlana Foundation, to focus on protecting indigenous rights to air, land, fishing, and water. War Jack has continued her activism and was involved in the Standing Rock protest of 2016, the 50th anniversary celebrations of the Alcatraz Occupation, and protests against the celebration of Columbus Day. In addition to speaking widely on Native rights issues, she has taught Native American History at Creighton University and lectured at her alma mater, UC Berkeley. She is a distinguished professor at Boise State University and teaches Native law and governance courses.
Works
References
Citations
Bibliography
and
and
1947 births
Living people
People from Bingham County, Idaho
Activists from Idaho
Bannock people
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Idaho State University alumni
University of California, Berkeley faculty
Boise State University faculty
Creighton University faculty
Native American activists
Native American women in politics
Ranchers from Nevada
Native American writers
Writers from Idaho
21st-century American women writers
American women academics
A salvo is the simultaneous discharge of artillery or firearms.
Salvo may also refer to:
People and fictional characters
Salvo (surname), a list of people and fictional characters named Salvo, De Salvo, DeSalvo, Di Salvo or DiSalvo
Salvo (given name), a list of people and fictional characters
Salvo (artist), Italian artist Salvatore Mangione (1947-2015)
Places
Salvo, North Carolina, an unincorporated community
Palacio Salvo, a building in Montevideo, Uruguay
29672 Salvoes, an asteroid
Arts and entertainment
Salvo (film), a 2013 Italian film
Salvo (band), an American punk pop and rock band
Salvo, the original name for the game Battleship
Other uses
Salvo (magazine), a Christian magazine published by the Fellowship of St. James
The Salvation Army in Australia, nicknamed "Salvos" in Australian English
Salvo (detergent), a brand of laundry detergent manufactured by Procter and Gamble in the 1960s and 1970s
Project SALVO, a US Army project for the development of an individual weapon
Springfield Armory SALVO, a rifle considered by Project SALVO
See also
Porto Salvo, a civil parish (Freguesias) in Oeiras, Portugal
San Salvo, a comune and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy
Shlomit Nir (שלומית ניר; also "Nir-Toor"; born November 7, 1952) is an Israeli former Olympic swimmer.
Early and personal life
Nir was born and raised on a kibbutz in Tiberias, HaTzafon, Israel. Her grandparents left Ukraine to start a kibbutz, which is where her father was born.
Her brother was killed while fighting as a soldier in the Sinai in 1969. She has three children.
Swimming career
Nir began swimming at age 11, and became the Israeli national champion within six months.
She competed for Israel at the 1965 Maccabiah Games, winning the gold medal in the women's 200 metre breastroke as a young teenager.
Nir competed for Israel at the 1968 Summer Olympics, at the age of 15, in Mexico City. Swimming in the Women's 100 metre Breaststroke she took 3rd in her heat with a time of 1:20.9. Swimming in the Women's 200 metre Breaststroke she took 5th in her heat, again with a time of 2:58.5.
She competed for Israel at the 1970 Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand. In swimming, Nir won bronze medals in the 100 m breaststroke, in 1:20.6, and in the 200 m breaststroke, in 2:54.3.
Nir competed for Israel at the 1972 Summer Olympics, at the age of 19, in Munich, Germany. Swimming in the Women's 100 metre Breaststroke she took 5th in her heat with a time of 1:20.90. Swimming in the Women's 200 metre Breaststroke she took 6th in her heat with a time of 2:53.60. When she competed in the Olympics, she was 5-6.5 (170 cm) tall, and weighed 146 lbs (66 kg).
Munich massacre
Nir was at the Olympic Village during the Munich Massacre. She had planned to return to Israel soon after swimming her last race, to marry her fiancé. But the Israeli team head asked her to wait, to fly back with an injured fellow Israeli athlete. On September 5, others on the Israeli team were attacked in their dorms by members of the Palestinian terrorist group Black September. Two athletes fought back and were killed, while nine others were taken hostage.
The following day, German authorities took Nir, who had been staying in another building, and the remaining Israeli team members and coaches to the ninth floor of the building. From a window, Nir watched as two helicopters landed on the Olympic Village lawn. The helicopters were supposed to take the terrorists and the Israeli hostages to Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base, and from there they were to fly to Cairo.
Nir said: We watched from the ninth floor window as the two buses arrived. Four blindfolded athletes with their hands tied together got off the first bus. They were put on the first helicopter. Then, another five hostages got off the second bus and climbed onto the second helicopter. That was the last image we saw. Although we were on the ninth floor, we could still see it well.
All nine hostages were killed in a failed German rescue operation at the airbase. For a year Nir kept having nightmares that she was "running away from the Arabs," underneath the Olympic Village. "I saw this place, the same location all the time, I couldn't run out of it." I would always be running, and terrorists with masks were chasing me."
Since the 1972 Munich Games, Nir has regularly attended commemorations for the killed athletes and met with fellow survivors.
Later career
Nir as of 2012 worked for the Israel Ministry of Sport, and was Director of the Unit for the Advancement of Women in Sports at the Sport Management Division of the Israeli Ministry of Education.
References
External links
"Excerpt from interview with Shlomit Nir-Toor, Israeli survivor of the 1972 Munich Massacre" at YouTube (video)
Living people
Kibbutzniks
People from Tiberias
Jewish swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Israel
Swimmers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Maccabiah Games medalists in swimming
Maccabiah Games gold medalists for Israel
1952 births
Israeli people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Israeli Jews
Israeli female swimmers
Swimmers at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Competitors at the 1965 Maccabiah Games
Female breaststroke swimmers
Asian Games medalists in swimming
Asian Games bronze medalists for Israel
Swimmers at the 1970 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1970 Asian Games
Vidisha Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. This constituency came into existence in 1967. This constituency covers parts of Raisen, Vidisha, Sehore and Dewas districts.
Vidhan Sabha segments
Presently, since the delimitation of the parliamentary and legislative assembly constituencies in 2008, Vidisha Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:
Members of Lok Sabha
*By Poll in 1991 & 2006.
Election results
21st century
2019 results
2014 results
2009 results
2006 (by-election) results
2004 results
20th century
1999 results
1998 results
1996 results
1991 results
See also
Vidisha district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
Election Commission of India -http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp
Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh
Vidisha district
The women's 100 metres hurdles at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome, Italy, at Stadio Olimpico on 6 and 7 September 1974.
Medalists
Results
Final
7 September
Wind: 0.2 m/s
Semi-finals
6 September
Semi-final 1
Wind: -1.3 m/s
Semi-final 2
Wind: -1.6 m/s
Heats
6 September
Heat 1
Wind: 1.3 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: -0.5 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: -1.6 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 17 athletes from 10 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
References
100 metres hurdles
Sprint hurdles at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women's athletics
The 2021–22 season was the 98th season in the existence of RC Celta de Vigo and the club's 10th consecutive season in the top flight of Spanish football. In addition to the domestic league, Celta Vigo participated in this season's edition of the Copa del Rey.
Players
First-team squad
Reserve team
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
La Liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 30 June 2021.
Copa del Rey
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Last updated on 21 May 2022.
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players who have made an appearance or had a squad number this season but have left the club
|}
Goalscorers
Notes
References
RC Celta de Vigo seasons
Celta Vigo
Paul Nicholas Whelan (born March 5, 1970) is a Canadian-born former United States Marine with U.S., British, and Irish citizenship. He was arrested in Russia on December 28, 2018, and accused of spying. On June 15, 2020, he received a 16-year prison sentence.
He is described as a corporate security director. He received a bad conduct discharge from the US Marine Corps. He was reported to have previously worked as a police officer in Michigan.
Early life
Whelan was born on March 5, 1970, in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, to British parents with Irish heritage.
Career
According to a deposition Whelan gave in 2013, he was in law enforcement from 1988 to 2000 as a police officer in Chelsea, Michigan, and a sheriff's deputy in Washtenaw County. The Chelsea Police however said he worked in lesser roles and as a part-time officer from 1990 to 1996, while the Washtenaw County sheriff reported no record of his employment. A former colleague said he was a patrol officer from 1998 to 2000 in the Keego Harbor police department.
He was an IT manager for the Kelly Services staffing company from 2001 to 2003, and then 2008 to 2010. From 2010 to 2016 Whelan was Kelly Services' senior manager of global security and operations.
He enlisted in the Marine Corps Reserve in 1994. He took military leave from Kelly Services to serve with the Marine Corps Reserve from 2003 to 2008, including service in Iraq. He held the rank of staff sergeant with Marine Air Control Group 38 working as an administrative clerk and administrative chief, and he was part of Operation Iraqi Freedom. After a court-martial conviction in January 2008 on multiple counts "related to larceny", he was sentenced to 60 days restriction, reduction to pay grade E-4, and a bad conduct discharge. The specific charges against him included attempting to steal more than $10,000 in 2006 in Iraq and using a false Social Security number to create a false account on a government computer system to grade his own examinations.
When arrested in Russia, Whelan was director of global security and investigations for BorgWarner, an international automotive parts manufacturer based in Michigan. His work with Kelly Services and BorgWarner gave Whelan contacts with law enforcement in many countries.
Whelan traveled to Russia several times from 2006 and maintained an intermittent presence on a Russian language social media website, Vkontakte (VK), where he had approximately 70 contacts. He has studied Russian but communicated online using Google Translate. Whelan supported US President Donald Trump and, after Trump's 2016 election victory, Whelan posted in Russian Президент Трамп Вперед!! (President Trump Onward!!).
He said in a deposition in 2013 that he holds a bachelor's degree in criminal justice and an MBA degree. He falsely claimed a BA from the University of Michigan in his profile on Russian social media. He took courses at Northern Michigan University from fall 1988 to fall 1990 without earning a degree.
Arrest in Russia
On December 28, 2018, Whelan was arrested in the Moscow area by the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB), which later confirmed his arrest. Whelan's twin brother David said Whelan arrived in Moscow on December 22 to attend the wedding of a former fellow Marine at the Hotel Metropol Moscow and to assist the groom's family members on their first visit to Russia, a country he had visited many times. He said his brother planned to return to Michigan on January 6, 2019, via Saint Petersburg.
Per MBK News, an outlet run by Putin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky, Whelan had $80,000 in cash "temporarily confiscated" during a customs inspection at Domodedovo Airport. According to the New York Times, Whelan had acted as a local guide for the wedding guests, but had decided to spend the day of the wedding to meet a friend, per the account of other attendees. David said his brother entered Russia using his U.S. passport. He said his brother had not been in contact with his family. He was formally charged on January 3, 2019.
According to the Russian news agency , Whelan was apprehended in his hotel room at the Metropol while concluding a long outing with a Russian citizen, who handed him a USB drive containing "a list of all the employees at a classified security agency". The independent Latvian-based publication Meduza reported that the wedding attendees all banded close together for the duration of the holiday, and were taken aback by Whelan's decision to spend the day alone.
The BBC cited family members of Whelan, who said Whelan previously bragged about knowing an agent of the FSB, and was privy to an unusual cache of personal details about his friend, including which intelligence training school he attended (biographical information typically reserved for a very close circle).
As Whelan said about the arrest, his long-time friend had appeared suddenly in the hotel, followed by authorities, who later arrested him.
According to the lawyers, they could not provide the name of the Russian long-time friend (who planted a memory card in Whelan's hotel room) due to Russian secrecy rules, but Whelan's family identified the person as Ilya Yatsenko, whom the Russian newspaper Kommersant described as a major in the FSB's Department "K", which monitors Russian economic crimes.
Whelan was being held in Moscow's Lefortovo Prison. As of March 2019, he shared a cell with another prisoner who spoke no English.
Former CIA officers have stated that the CIA would not recruit an officer with Whelan's military record, nor leave an officer exposed without a diplomatic passport. They further claim that Whelan's arrest is connected to tensions between Russia and the United States, including the detention of confessed unregistered foreign agent Maria Butina. On December 20, 2018, when discussing Butina's arrest, Russian President Vladimir Putin stated that Russia "will not arrest innocent people simply to exchange them".
Then-U.S. Ambassador to Russia Jon Huntsman Jr. met with Whelan on January 2, 2019, while Whelan was in Russian custody. He told Whelan's family that Paul was "in good health and good spirits", but that the family needed to supply all his incidental needs aside from basic foodstuffs. Then-U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said: "We've made clear to the Russians our expectation that we will learn more about the charges, come to understand what it is he's been accused of and if the detention is not appropriate, we will demand his immediate return." On January 4, 2019, British Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt said: "We don't agree with individuals being used in diplomatic chess games... We are all extremely worried about him and his family." As of January 4, British and Irish consular officials were seeking access to Whelan.
On January 3, 2019, Whelan's attorney, Vladimir Zherebenko, said he was seeking his release on bail. He said a trial would not begin for at least six months, and that he would welcome an exchange of Whelan for Butina. He said: "I presume that he is innocent because, for now, I haven't seen any evidence against him that would prove otherwise." More than a fortnight later, Zherebenkov said Whelan had been unaware of the contents of the USB stick and believed it contained material solely of personal value such as "photographs, videos, anything at all, about his previous holiday in Russia."
On January 5, 2019, the Russian Foreign Ministry said that on the day after Whelan's arrest the United States had detained a Russian citizen, Dmitry Makarenko, in the Northern Marianas and transported him to Florida to face charges of unauthorized export of defense equipment.
Conviction and sentencing
On June 15, 2020, Whelan was convicted and sentenced to 16 years in a Russian prison for espionage by a court in Moscow. His lawyers said they believed Russia would now seek a prisoner swap.
Whelan said in court that all the case was a sham to use him to influence the United States: "We have proven my innocence... we have proven fabrication. This is slimy, greasy corrupt Russian politics, nothing more, nothing less."
Family members said Whelan had been told he had been arrested to be exchanged for a Russian prisoner in the United States, mentioning Konstantin Yaroshenko (who was released in return for American Trevor Reed), Viktor Bout, or Roman Seleznev. On July 27, 2022, it was announced that President Joe Biden had okayed a possible trade for Whelan and basketball star Brittney Griner, who was arrested in Russia in February on drug charges, in exchange for convicted arms dealer Viktor Bout.
Whelan was initially held at the Correctional Colony No. 18 under supervision of the Russian Federation's Federal Penitentiary Service. He is currently held in a high-security prison, IK-17, eight hours drive southeast of Moscow.
Personal life
Whelan is a citizen of Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Ireland. His twin brother David ascribed Paul's acquisition of the passports to "probably a genealogical interest as much as anything."
Whelan was born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, and raised partly in the Ann Arbor area of Michigan where he and his twin brother David graduated from Huron High School in 1988. David said the family had not known Paul had a bad conduct discharge. In addition to his twin brother, Paul Whelan has a brother Andrew and a sister Elizabeth.
Whelan lived in Novi, Michigan, prior to detainment in Russia.
See also
Nicholas Daniloff
Ryan Fogle
Russia–United States relations
Notes
References
External links
Deposition, January 18, 2013
1970 births
Living people
Military personnel from Ottawa
American police officers
Chief security officers
United States Marines
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian people of British descent
Canadian people of Irish descent
American people of British descent
American people of Irish descent
People with acquired American citizenship
People with acquired British citizenship
People with acquired Irish citizenship
Twin people from Canada
Twin people from the United States
Prisoners and detainees of Russia
American people convicted of spying for the United States
People with multiple nationality
The bronzy sunbird (Nectarinia kilimensis) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. They are located mostly in parts of southern Africa.
Description
Bronzy sunbirds have a long, thin, well-curved bill. Males have bronze-and-green undertones but most often look black in light. While the male has the undertones, the female however has a pale eyebrow and an added yellowish park below the belly with fine streaking. On some subspecies specifically located in Angola there is a splash of odd green, but it does not overlap in range with malachite or scarlet-tufted sunbirds in similar areas which do not have this green streaking. Male sunbirds lack any purple tones to the plumage which is found on female species.
Vocalizations
Bronzy sunbirds use a jumble of twittering notes followed by cleaner whistle sounds.These sounds are most often heard during the early morning and mid day.
Distribution and habitat
The bronzy sunbird can be found in Africa. While not very common they can be best found near the edges of the Afromontane forest, mountain sides and Zimbabwe's eastern highlands and adjacent next to Mozambique. Other countries they can be found include Angola, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Rwanda, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia. They stay far away from populated areas in these countries and have adapted to most remote environments. These environments include Savannas, dried shrub-land, grass, seasonally flooded areas, and rural gardens. They are most abundant in subtropical forests and brush-land.
Behavior
Diet
The diet of the bronzy sunbird is very specific limited to Nectar, Spiders and Insects. The insects that they consume include Ants, Coleoptera (beetles), Hemiptera (bugs), Hymenoptera (wasps, bees and ants), Diptera (flies), and termites.
Breeding
During the breeding process the male role is very limited. After conception the male often leaves. The female assumes most of the responsibility and lays its eggs anytime from September to May but the peak of egg laying is between the months of October to December. They often lay 1 to 2 eggs and after the eggs have hatched the new chicks are fed and brooded mainly by the female for a period of 16 to 21 days. After that period they continue to return to the nest for about a week longer, becoming fully independent about 2-3 weeks later. The nests that these chicks live in over this period of time are built by the female only and it takes her anywhere between 5 and 15 days before the chicks are born. The basket is made as an oval structure. They use pieces of ferns, bits of dry grass, shreds of bark, bracken, leaves, lichen and inflorescences, often secured down with spider web. The entrance to this nest is covered down by a small flap, and the interior is made of fine grass and plants. It is attached at the roof to a branch within a small patch of bushes or of a type of sap.
Threats
The bronzy sunbird is not threatened. It has benefited from the introduction of Protea farming, which is a poisonous flower grown and abundant in gardens in Zimbabwe. While odd, this flower, which is poisonous to humans, they do not affect the bronzy sunbird and provides an immense amount of nectar which makes it a place that the sunbirds frequent often.
References
External links
Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Nectarinia
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds of East Africa
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ehreshoven Castle () is a moated castle in Engelskirchen, Oberbergischer Kreis, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is located near the village of Ehreshoven, about by road east of Cologne. Several kilometres to the northwest is Georghausen Castle.
History
The castle was originally owned by Siegburg Abbey, which had been founded in 1164 by Archbishop Anno of Cologne. Ehreshoven was first mentioned in 1355 when it existed as a house or small castle. In 1396 it was given to the family of the count of Nesselrode and stayed in their possession until 1920.
Under Wilhelm of Nesselrode, the house was essentially remodelled and the medieval chapel built into the structure in 1595. At the end of the 17th century, Philipp Wilhelm Christoph von Nesselrode and his wife built a new house integrating just the chapel and the northern part of the original castle. The three-winged manor house and the big four-winged front house were built at this time. In the early 18th century, a French garden was installed in the north of the castle which is mainly intact today.
The last owner was Marie Countess of Nesselrode who died unmarried in 1920 and bequeathed the whole estate to the Rheinische Ritterschaft. In 1924, they transformed it into a charitable foundation for Cannonesses. Only parts of the original medieval buildings remain at the rear of the castle of today. The chapel is part of the original buildings incorporated into the present manor house. In 1990, the whole manor house was renovated from the outside and the original building was repainted in a light yellow colour.
In the TV series Verbotene Liebe, the castle was the residence of the fictional Count Johannes von Lahnstein, one of the richest men in Germany.
References
External links
Stift Ehreshoven
Material zu Schloss Ehreshoven in der Sammlung Duncker der Zentral- und Landesbibliothek Berlin (PDF; 226 kB)
Buildings and structures completed in 1355
Buildings and structures completed in 1595
Castles in North Rhine-Westphalia
Buildings and structures in Oberbergischer Kreis
Bloom Center is an unincorporated community in Logan County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Bloom Center was platted in 1852. A post office was established at Bloom Center in 1852, and remained in operation until 1905.
References
Unincorporated communities in Logan County, Ohio
1852 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1852
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Twin Poplars is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Geroldshausen is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Würzburg (district)
Serrasalmus manueli, or the Silver piranha or Manuel's piranha, is one of the largest species of piranha within the genus Serrasalmus. Its size and weight are still yet to be determined but it is safe to say that it reaches around the same size and weight as the black piranha. It is a solitary species of piranha contrary to the social lifestyle of the much popular red-bellied piranha. As with all other piranhas, it is one of the hardest biting creatures on the planet relative to the body weight. This is a popular fish among aquarium hobbyists, although not as much as their red bellied or black piranha counterparts. This fish is said to be very sensitive to the environment and water conditions. Most of the large specimens which have been caught from the wild and taken for aquarium use have died on the way to their destination. All of the specimens of this fish found in aquarium hobby are the smaller ones. The largest individual of this fish in captivity is only 35 centimetres long, still a long way from its maximum size. Most of the manueli kept in aquarium never grow to larger size than this. But those individuals in their natural habitat have been reported by the locals to be more than 50 centimetres long which is yet to be confirmed by a reliable source. This species is known to inhabit a diverse range of habitat from the areas of dense rainforest to the tropical grasslands of the Venezuelan Llanos.
References
Serrasalmidae
Piranhas
Waldegg Castle is a castle near Solothurn, but in the municipality of Feldbrunnen-St.Niklaus of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The Baroque castle was built in 1682–86 as the summer home for Schultheiss Johann Viktor von Besenval (1638–1713) and his wife Maria Margaritha von Sury (1649–1713).
His son, Johann Viktor II (1671–1736) was a diplomat and an officer in the French Swiss Guards. After he inherited the castle he had it renovated (1729–34), adding a theater and the chapel of St. Michael, and decorated in the current French style. He brought numerous works of art back with him from France.
Johann Viktor II's son, Baron Peter Viktor von Besenval (1721–1791) was born at the castle. However, he lived most of his life in France. He did, however, add an orangery to the castle in 1780. The French Revolution of 1789 was disastrous to the family's influence, business interests and wealth. While they were able to escape to Switzerland, their close ties to the old nobility made them unwelcome in France. When the Besenval family died out, the castle was abandoned until it was purchased by Joseph von Sury von Besenval in 1865. The new owner added two apartments and changed the Baroque garden into an English garden.
In 1963 the castle was transferred to the Waldegg Castle Foundation and in 1975 it became the headquarters of the Center for Intercultural Dialogue, an organization that fosters understanding between the different languages and cultures of Switzerland. Beginning in 1985 it was extensively renovated and repaired, a project that lasted twenty years. The castle museum opened in 1991.
Castle site
The castle was built in the local Turmlihaus style, but incorporating elements of the French and Italian Baroque. The central building features three large towers and is flanked by symmetric, two story tall galleries with corner turrets. Niches in the galleries house allegorical statues which were carved in 1683 by Johann Peter Frölicher. The eastern turret houses the castle chapel with a high-Baroque altar from 1720. The second chapel has reproductions of St. Michael by Raphael and St Raphael by Domenico Fetti, the originals of which both hang in the Louvre. The main hall has ten allegorical paintings of the Arts and Sciences and is decorated with supraporte and trompe-l'œil illusions. The eastern salon has a grisaille style ceiling painting while the west salon and billiard rooms both have trompe-l'œil illusions painted on the ceiling.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Solothurn
Castles in the canton of Solothurn
Chaudhry Saeed Iqbal is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-81 (Faisalabad-VII) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. He received 65,322 votes and defeated Nisar Ahmad Jutt.
He ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-81 (Faisalabad-VII) as a candidate of PPP in 2013 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. He received 40,199 votes and lost the seat to Nisar Ahmad Jutt.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Kahar are a Muslim community found in north east India and Bangladesh. They are a community of palanquin bearers and agriculturists, and are Muslim converts from the Hindu Kahar caste. The Kahar are also known as Sardars, especially in Murshidabad District.
Origin
The Muslim Kahar claim to be descended from Pashtun settlers, who came to Bengal in the early middle ages. They were traditionally a community of palanquin bearers, an occupation no longer practiced by the community. The word Kahar is said to be derived from the Sanskrit word shandha kara, meaning those who carry things on their shoulders. They are fairly widely distributed in West Bengal and Bangladesh, in particular in the districts of Murshidabad, 24 Parganas and Nadia. The community speak Bengali and are Sunni Muslims.
Present circumstances
The Kahar have now abandoned their traditional occupation of palanquin bearing, and are now mainly a community of agriculturists. They now cultivate paddy, wheat, jute and vegetables.
A significant number are also employed as daily wage labourers.
The Kahar live in multi-caste villages, occupying their own quarters, known as sardar paras. They are strictly endogamous, and marry within the community. Each Kahar settlement has an informal caste council, known as a panchayat, which acts as an instrument.
References
Social groups of West Bengal
Muslim communities of India
Social groups of Bangladesh
Somewhere in England is a 1940 British comedy film directed by John E. Blakeley and starring Frank Randle, Harry Korris and Winki Turner. It follows the adventures of an anti-authoritarian private stationed in a military camp in the North of England during the Second World War. It was the first in the Somewhere film series, followed by its sequel Somewhere in Camp in 1942.
Plot
In a North of England training camp, lovestruck Corporal Kenyon (Harry Kemble) is framed and demoted in rank by a rival in love for the affections of the Adjutant's daughter. Four friends rally round to help clear the Corporal's name.
Cast
Frank Randle - Pte. Randle
Harry Korris - Sgt. Korris
Winki Turner - Irene Morant
Dan Young - Pte. Young
Robbie Vincent - Pte. Enoch
Harry Kemble - Cpl. Jack Kenyon
John Singer - Bert Smith
Sydney Moncton - Adjutant
Stanley King
The 8 Master Singers
Percival Mackey & His Orchestra - Themselves
References
Bibliography
Rattigan, Neil. This is England: British film and the People's War, 1939-1945. Associated University Presses, 2001.
External links
1940 films
1940 comedy films
Films directed by John E. Blakeley
British comedy films
Military humor in film
British black-and-white films
Films scored by Percival Mackey
Films shot in Greater Manchester
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
The Lache ( ; sometimes simply Lache) is a housing estate in the city of Chester, in Cheshire, United Kingdom, with a population of around 10,000. It is located approximately southwest of the ancient city, with good local transport links en route to Saltney. The main streets are Cliveden Road, which runs through the centre of the estate, and Sycamore Drive. The area runs almost continuously into Westminster Park and Saltney.
The etymology of the word Lache likely derives from the Old English word 'loecc, from an earlier word 'lacu' and meaning water. It therefore suggests The Lache was originally situated nearby to a body of water such as a small brook. There as another place in Cheshire called Shocklach which has a similar etymology.
Facilities
The Lache has two churches: St Mark's (Church of England) on St. Marks Road, and St. Clare's (Roman Catholic) on Downsfield Road. There are a number of shops including a butcher, an off-licence, a hairdresser, a bakery, a takeaway, a grocer and a newsagent. There are two schools: Lache Primary School and St Clare's Catholic Primary, with a sports facility in between the two schools. There are also several playgroups, a local branch library, a large community centre and hall, and a youth club.
A new railway station has been proposed for The Lache.
Politics
Local government
Lache forms part of the Cheshire West and Chester council area.
British Parliament
Lache is in the City of Chester parliamentary constituency and is represented by Chris Matheson, who has held the seat since 2015.
Notes
External links
Socio-economic profile of the Lache area
Areas of Chester
Patrick Harvey (born 24 July 1984 in Melbourne, Australia) is an Irish-Australian actor. He played Irish immigrant Connor O'Neill on the television soap opera Neighbours. His first appearance on the soap was in April 2002. Harvey spent most of his childhood in Belfast, Northern Ireland, although he moved back to Australia in August 1999.
He started acting when he was 9 years old and was in a number of ads and stage shows in the United Kingdom as well as voice over work. When he returned to Australia in August 1999 he had decided not to continue acting but only due to his parents' encouragement he pursued it in Australia. He had a few guest appearances on the ABC show The Saddle Club and long-running TV series Blue Heelers.
In 2003 Harvey won the Logie for "Most Popular New Male Talent". He left Neighbours in February 2006 after a four and a half-year run in the serial. His final scenes aired in early-mid-2006.
He has since appeared in a number of theatre shows and pantomimes in Australia, the United Kingdom and Ireland.
In 2008, he appeared in Australian telemovie Valentine's Day for the ABC and had a guest appearance in "Rush" for the Ten Network.
Harvey is currently touring Australia in HIT Productions' stage version of The Sum of Us (By David Stevens) in the role of Jeff made famous by Russell Crowe in the 1994 film version. Popular television, film and TV star John Jarratt is playing the role of Harry.
In 2012, Patrick featured on Neighbours for four weeks from late October in Australia and November for UK audiences.
In 2015, Patrick co-starred in the horror film Scare Campaign.
In 2018 and 2020, Patrick co-starred in the Australian television series Wentworth.
References
External links
1984 births
Australian emigrants to Northern Ireland
Australian male soap opera actors
Australian people of Irish descent
Living people
Logie Award winners
Male actors from Belfast
Male actors from Melbourne
21st-century Australian male actors
This article provides details of international football games played by the Hungary national football team from 1902 to 1929.
Between their first match in 1902 and 1919, Hungary played in 73 matches, resulting in 41 victories, 13 draws and 19 defeats. Throughout this period they played in the 1912 Summer Olympics, in which Hungary won the consolation tournament after beating Austria 3-0 in the final. Notable figures during these years was Imre Schlosser who become the first player to score 50 international goals during this period, including a hat-trick in the consolation tournament semi-finals against Germany.
Results
1902
1903
1904
1905
1906
1907
1908
1909
1910
1911
1912
1913
1914
1915
1916
1917
1918
1919
1920
1921
1922
1923
1924
1925
1926
1927
1928
1929
References
Football in Hungary
Hungary national football team results
1900s in Hungarian sport
1910s in Hungarian sport
1920s in Hungarian sport
Giuseppe Mercanti, best known as Pino Mercanti (16 February 1911 – 3 September 1986), was an Italian director and screenwriter.
Life and career
Born in Palermo, Sicily, Mercanti was a pioneer of the Sicilian cinema as the leading filmmaker and the artistic director of the production company O.F.S. (a.k.a. Organizzazione Filmistica Siciliana), founded by the brothers Francesco and Girolamo Gorgone with the purpose of promoting the production of films on Sicilian soil. Following the bankruptcy of the company, Mercanti moved to Rome, where he directed a number of melodramas, adventure films, Spaghetti Westerns and other genre films, often international co-productions. He was sometimes credited as Joseph Trader.
Selected filmography
For the Love of Mariastella (1945)
I cavalieri dalle maschere nere (1948)
Serenata amara (1952)
La voce del sangue (1952)
Revenge of a Crazy Girl (1952)
I cinque dell'Adamello (1954)
Tears of Love (1954)
Primo applauso (1957)
Knight of 100 Faces (1960)
The Black Duke (1963)
Gentlemen of the Night (1964)
Tres dólares de plomo (1965)
Special Code: Assignment Lost Formula (1966)
References
External links
1911 births
1986 deaths
Italian film directors
20th-century Italian screenwriters
Italian male screenwriters
Film people from Palermo
20th-century Italian male writers
The Chester River is a major tributary of the Chesapeake Bay on the Delmarva Peninsula. It is about long, and its watershed encompasses , which includes of land. Thus the total watershed area is 20% water. It forms the border between Kent County and Queen Anne's County, Maryland, with its headwaters extending into New Castle County and Kent County, Delaware. Chestertown, the seat of Maryland's Kent County, is located on its north shore. It is located south of the Sassafras River and north of Eastern Bay, and is connected with Eastern Bay through Kent Narrows.
The Chester River begins at Millington, Maryland, where Cypress Branch and Andover Branch join together. It ends at the Chesapeake Bay in a very wide mouth between Love Point on Kent Island, and Swan Point, near Gratitude, Maryland. Cypress Branch rises in southwestern New Castle County, Delaware, and Andover Branch, with its tributary, Sewell Branch, rises in northwestern Kent County, Delaware. Millington is the head of navigation. Sewell Branch and Andover Branch join in a private impoundage of approximately about two miles (3 km) above joining with Cypress Branch and then becoming the Chester River.
Its main tributaries are Langford Creek and Morgan Creek on the north side and the Corsica River and Southeast Creek on the south side. There are also several small creeks on the northern shore, including Church Creek, Grays Inn Creek, Shippen Creek, Jarrett Creek, Browns Creek, Broad Creek, Dam Creek, Morgan Creek, Radcliffe Creek, and Mills Branch. On the southern shore the small creeks include Queenstown Creek, Tilghman Creek, Reed Creek, Grove Creek, Hambleton Creek, Rosin Creek, Foreman Branch and Unicorn Branch.
History
Local lore has it that in 1774, colonists boarded a British ship anchored in the Chester River at Chester Town, also called New Town on Chester, and threw its load of tea overboard, mimicking the Boston Tea Party and its act of defiance against King George III. This came to be known as the Chestertown Tea Party.
While primary source documents show that Chestertown residents did have at least one meeting to discuss the presence of tea aboard the locally owned merchantman Geddes, and later the residents sent food to aid the blockaded Bostonians, contemporaneous source material has yet to be found.
References
United States Geological Survey. 7.5 minute series topographic quadrangles.
Chesapeake Bay Program Watershed Profile Lower Chester River
Chesapeake Bay Program Watershed Profile Middle Chester River
Chesapeake Bay Program Watershed Profile Upper Chester River
External links
Chester River Association
Maryland DNR's Surf Your Watershed : Lower Chester River
Maryland DNR's Surf Your Watershed : Middle Chester River
Maryland DNR's Surf Your Watershed : Upper Chester River
Tributaries of the Chesapeake Bay
Rivers of Maryland
Rivers of Kent County, Maryland
Rivers of Queen Anne's County, Maryland
Abbas Fadhel Abdulla Ahmed Maki Al-Asfoor (born on 3 March 1999), is a Bahraini professional football players who play for the Bahraini national team.
He debuted with the U23 team on 15 August 2018, at the 2018 Asian Games held in Indonesia against South Korea in a 6–0 defeat.
On 3 June 2019, he appeared with the u-22 against Mexico at the World Festival World Toulon tournament in a 2–0 defeat.
Al-Asfoor appeared at the 2020 AFC U-23 Asian Cup in Thailand in a 5-0 match defeat to Thailand.
He made his senior debut on 23 May 2021 in a friendly match against Ukraine in a 1–1 draw.
He had recently last appeared at the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifying match against Hong Kong in a 4–0 victory on 15 June 2021.
On 21 November 2021, Abdulwahab was included final-23 squad for the 2021 FIFA Arab Cup.
References
1999 births
Living people
Bahraini footballers
Bahrain international footballers
Association football midfielders
Al-Shabab Club (Manama) players
Rubén González may refer to:
Arts and Entertainment
Rubén González (pianist) (1919–2003), Cuban pianist
Rubén González (album), the first album by Cuban pianist Rubén González
Introducing...Rubén González, the second album by the Cuban pianist
Politics
Rubén González Cárdenas (1875–1939), Venezuelan politician
Religion
Rubén González Medina (born 1949), bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Caguas, Puerto Rico
Sports
Association football
Rubén González (Chilean footballer) (born 1927), Chilean football
Rubén González (Uruguayan footballer) (born 1939), Uruguayan football defender
Rubén González (footballer, born 1982), Spanish football centre-back
Rubén González (footballer, born 1994), Spanish football centre-back
Other sports
Rubén González (luger) (born 1962), Argentine luger
Ruben Gonzales (tennis) (born 1985), Filipino tennis player
The Promotion League, named the YAPEAL Promotion League for sponsorship reasons, is the third tier of the Swiss football league system. Eighteen clubs compete in the league, playing each other twice over the course of the season. The champions are promoted to the second tier, the Challenge League, while the bottom two teams are relegated to the 1. Liga.
The league forms the semi-professional bridge to amateur football.
Overview
Eighteen teams play each other twice, once home and once away, for a total of 34 games. The season begins in August and ends in May, interrupted through a winter break from late November to early March. The team finishing in first place—subject to license requirements of professional football—will be promoted to the division above, in turn the last-placed team of the second division will be relegated for the following season. Similarly, the bottom two teams are relegated to the fourth tier and replaced respectively.
It is the highest league in Switzerland that permits participation of reserve teams.
History
The league was introduced as the 1. Liga Promotion beginning with the 2012–13 season as part of a restructuring that saw the Challenge League reduced from 16 to 10 teams. This was done to decrease the competitive gap between it and the Super League by converting it to a purely professional league. The Promotion League would therefore serve as the semi-professional link to amateur football. The 1. Liga was consequently renamed to 1. Liga Classic, before reverting again in 2013 when the former adopted its current name. For its maiden season, six teams were relegated from the Challenge League, while the rest joined from the division below. In March 2020, the ongoing season was canceled after 17 games due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the 2020–21 season suspended until further notice.
The league is expanded to 18 teams from the 2022–23 season and the number of allowed U21 teams is unrestricted.
Participating clubs
Current clubs 2022–23
League champions
The following teams have won the league:
References
External links
1. Liga Promotion tables & results at soccerway.com
3
Sport leagues established in 2012
2012 establishments in Switzerland
Swiss
Professional sports leagues in Switzerland
Hasanabad-e Emam Jomeh (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Emām Jom‘eh; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 137, in 31 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Walker Mausoleum is located at on College Road, Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England. The sandstone mausoleum was built in the 1760s as the burial site for the families of Samuel and Aaron Walker and is now a Grade II listed building.
The mausoleum is located in the cemetery of Masbrough Chapel, which was founded by the Walker family, when they split from the Rotherham Methodist meeting in 1762. The cemetery also holds the graves of other local industrial families including the Oxleys, Beatsons, Clarks, and Habershons.
Friends of Walker Mausoleum
In 2002, local citizens formed the Friends of Walker Mausoleum to help restore the structure, as well as fight for better access. In 2004, the group obtained funding from the Single Regeneration Budget towards restoration.
In 2007, the group has also agreed access rights with the current owner.
As of November 2017 it appears that part of the site is up for sale
References
External links
Friends of Walker Mausoleum
Rotherham Unofficial Website
Rotherham Web, Walker Family
Buildings and structures in Rotherham
Georgian architecture in England
Grade II listed buildings in South Yorkshire
The Dikgatlong Local Municipality municipal council consists of fifteen members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Eight councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in eight wards, while the remaining seven are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received.
In the election of 3 August 2016 the African National Congress (ANC) won a majority of nine seats on the council. In the election of 1 November 2021 the African National Congress (ANC) won a reduced majority of eight seats on the council.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections.
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election.
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
References
Dikgatlong
Elections in the Northern Cape
David Cooper Templeton (born 7 January 1989) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Drumchapel United
Templeton played for Stenhousemuir, Raith Rovers, Heart of Midlothian, Hamilton Academical, Rangers and Burton Albion. He has represented Scotland at under-19 and under-21 levels.
Club career
Stenhousemuir
Templeton started his senior career with Third Division side Stenhousemuir in 2005. He made 36 first team appearances for the club, scoring 11 goals all of which were in league fixtures.
Heart of Midlothian
Tenpleton signed for Heart of Midlothian in January 2007. During the second half of the 2007–08 season he was loaned out to Second Division side Raith Rovers. Templeton made his first team debut as a substitute against Aberdeen in a goalless draw at Pittodrie. His first start came against Celtic at Parkhead on the final day of the 2008–09 season. Templeton then spent a period out of action due to foot injuries. He made his first appearance of the 2009–10 season on 20 December 2009 against Celtic, setting up the winning goal in a 2–1 victory, crossing the ball for Ismael Bouzid to score. On 21 February 2010, Templeton scored his first goal for Hearts, the second in a 2–0 defeat of Hamilton Academical. Since then, Templeton frequently found himself on the scoresheet, scoring a number of memorable efforts, none more so than a spectacular dribble and finish in the first Edinburgh derby of the 2010–11 season.
Templeton received high praise from Terry Butcher after Hearts 1–1 draw with Inverness Caledonian Thistle. Templeton was nominated for PFA Player of the Year for the 2010–11 season. He also won the Hearts Fans Player of the year. Templeton's final goal for Hearts came in the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League play-off round second leg against Liverpool at Anfield on 28 August 2012.
Rangers
On 31 August 2012, Templeton signed a four-year contract for Third Division club Rangers for an undisclosed fee (reported to be approximately £700,000). His first game for Rangers ended in a 5–1 victory against Elgin City with Templeton scoring two goals. Templeton scored 15 goals in his first season at Rangers. In May 2016, Templeton was released after reaching the end of his contract, which was not renewed after he made only three appearances in his final season with Rangers.
Templeton spent the rest of 2016 without a club. He turned down a move to newly promoted Scottish League Two side Edinburgh Cities in November, and trained with Dundee United in February 2017. He also had a trial spell with Major League Soccer side Vancouver Whitecaps FC.
Hamilton Academical
On 24 March 2017, Templeton signed for Scottish Premiership side Hamilton Academical on a deal until the end of the season. He made his debut for the club on 13 May 2017, as a substitute in a 1–0 home defeat against Motherwell. In the following match, he scored his first goal as Hamilton lost 3–2 away at Ross County. On 19 May 2017, Templeton signed a new contract, keeping him at Hamilton until the end of the 2017–18 season. He was one of seven first-team players released by Hamilton at the end of the 2017–18 season.
Burton Albion
Templeton signed a two-year contract with EFL League One club Burton Albion in July 2018. He left the club by mutual consent on 31 January 2020.
Hamilton Academical (second spell)
After leaving Burton on 31 January 2020, Templeton returned to Hamilton Academical. In May 2020 he signed a two-year extension to his contract. Having made ten appearances in the 2020–21 season by mid-October 2020, he then sustained an injury and did not feature again in that campaign, which ended in relegation for Accies after several other members of their small squad also missed long periods due to injury.
Retirement
On 24 November 2021, Templeton announced his retirement from professional football aged 32.
International career
Templeton made two appearances each for Scotland at under-19 level and under-21 level.
Personal life
Templeton's father is former professional footballer Henry Templeton, who at the time of David's birth was playing for ex-Scotland manager, Ally MacLeod, at Ayr United. Henry's hero was Rangers and Scotland winger Davie Cooper, and he named his son after his hero. In an interview in 2010 with The Scotsman, Templeton said of his childhood, "My dad left and I went to my mum's side who were all Celtic fans so I ended up following them. I got a bit of stick when I was younger but I obviously don't bother about the Old Firm any more."
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Rangers
Scottish League One: 2013–14
Scottish Third Division: 2012–13
Individual
Scottish Premiership Player of the Month: November 2017
Scottish Premier League Young Player of the Month: November 2010, December 2010
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Glasgow
Scottish footballers
Scotland youth international footballers
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Association football forwards
Stenhousemuir F.C. players
Heart of Midlothian F.C. players
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Rangers F.C. players
Hamilton Academical F.C. players
Burton Albion F.C. players
Scottish Premier League players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Professional Football League players
English Football League players
Tokyo Joe is a 1949 American film noir crime film directed by Stuart Heisler and starring Humphrey Bogart. This was Heisler's first of two features starring Bogart, the other was Chain Lightning that also wrapped in 1949 but was held up in release until 1950.
Plot
After spending World War II in the Air Force, ex-Colonel Joe Barrett returns to Tokyo to see if there is anything left of his pre-war bar and gambling joint, Tokyo Joe's. Amazingly, it is more or less intact and being run by his old friend Ito. Joe is shocked to learn from Ito that his wife Trina, whom he thought had died in the war, is still alive. She has divorced Joe and is married to Mark Landis, a lawyer working in the American occupation of Japan. She has a seven-year-old child named Anya.
To stay in Japan after his visitor's permit expires in 60 days, Joe wants to set up an airline freight franchise, but he needs financial backing. Through Ito, Joe meets Baron Kimura, former head of the Japanese secret police. Kimura offers to finance a small airline business that will carry frozen frogs for export to North and South America, even though Joe believes Kimura is going to use the airline as a front, carrying penicillin, saccharine, and pearls. But as the army hesitates in giving Joe permission to open the business, Kimura shows him proof from the Japanese secret police files that Trina worked broadcasting propaganda for the Japanese, a treasonable offense since she was a naturalized American citizen married to an American citizen. When Joe confronts Trina with this evidence, she explains that she made the broadcasts only to protect her newborn baby whom the Japanese took away from her when she was in Oyama prison camp. She reveals that she was pregnant when Joe deserted her, and that Anya is his daughter. Joe wants to back out of the airline deal, but Kimura demands that he go through with it. To save Trina, Joe accepts Kimura's proposal and convinces Mark Landis to help him start the airline business before his visitor's permit expires.
Joe then discovers through American occupation authorities that Kimura actually intends to smuggle in fugitive war criminals-former senior officers of the Imperial Japanese Army and the leader of the Black Dragon Society-to start a secret anti-American movement. The authorities plan to apprehend them when they land at Haneda Airfield. But Kimura finds out that Joe had met with the Americans, and before Joe flies to Korea, Kimura informs him that Anya has been kidnapped and will be freed only when the Japanese are delivered at a certain deadline. Joe picks up his passengers and is about to land them at the Army-designated airfield when the Japanese hijack the plane with guns and land at a different airstrip in Okuma. The US Army intercepts the Japanese before they can be driven away, as they had every airstrip on Honshu covered.
Back at the bar, Joe finds out from mortally wounded Ito that Anya is being held in a basement at the old hotel next door. Joe enters the dark cavern and finds Anya, but he is shot by Kimura as he carries Anya to safety. Arriving American soldiers kill Kimura. Joe, seriously wounded, is carried out on a stretcher.
Cast
From The Films of Humphrey Bogart:
Humphrey Bogart as Joseph 'Joe' Barrett
Alexander Knox as Mark Landis
Florence Marly as Trina Pechinkov Landis
Sessue Hayakawa as Baron Kimura
Jerome Courtland as Danny
Gordon Jones as Idaho
Teru Shimada as Ito
Hideo Mori as Kanda
Charles Meredith as General Ireton
Rhys Williams as Colonel Dahlgren
Lora Lee Michel as Anya, Trina's daughter
Uncredited:
Kyoko Kamo as Nani-San
Gene Gondo as Kamikaze
Harold Goodwin as Major J.F.X. Loomis
James Cardwell as Military Police Captain
Frank Kumagai as Truck Driver
Tetsu Komai as Lt. Gen. "The Butcher" Takenobu
Otto Han as Hara
Yosan Tsuruta as Goro
Hugh Beaumont as Provost Marshal Major
Production
The film was Sessue Hayakawa's first postwar project and served as a revitalization of his career. From 1937 to 1949, Hayakawa had been in France, first as an actor and then was caught up in the German occupation, living ostensibly as an artist, selling watercolors. After joining the French underground, he aided Allied flyers during the war. When Humphrey Bogart's production company tracked him down to offer him a role in Tokyo Joe, the American Consulate investigated Hayakawa's activities during the war before issuing a work permit.
Principal filming for Tokyo Joe took place from January 4 to the end of February 1949 on the Columbia Pictures studio lot, not on location in Tokyo, Japan. A second photographic unit was dispatched by Columbia to Tokyo to collect exterior scene shots and was the first movie company allowed to film in postwar Japan. The use of a Lockheed Hudson bomber converted into cargo hauling is featured with both interiors, and aerial sequences revolving around the aircraft.
Reception
The film fared well with the public as the subject of postwar Japan was an intriguing one featured in many of the headlines of the day. Most viewers were convinced that the film was a semi-documentary due to the extensive use of footage shot in Japan. The critics were less charitable, The New York Times contemporary review noted the juxtaposition of the footage as jarring: "a note of reality which is embarrassingly at odds with the major and markedly synthetic elements of the plot", further stating: "The big weakness of Tokyo Joe, however, is a script which does not neatly come together, but squanders its good points amidst a field of corn."
Tokyo Joe was released in VHS format for home viewing on August 17, 1989, by Columbia Tristar with a further DVD release in 2004.
References
Bibliography
Hardwick, Jack and Ed Schnepf. "A Buff's Guide to Aviation Movies". Air Progress Aviation Vol. 7, No. 1, Spring 1983.
Michael, Paul. Humphrey Bogart: The Man and his Films. New York: Bonanza Books, 1965.
External links
1949 films
American crime drama films
American aviation films
American black-and-white films
Film noir
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Stuart Heisler
Films set in Japan
Films shot in Tokyo
Films scored by George Antheil
Films with screenplays by Cyril Hume
American neo-noir films
Films produced by Robert Lord (screenwriter)
1949 crime drama films
Japan in non-Japanese culture
1940s American films
"Travellers Tune" is a song by English rock band Ocean Colour Scene. American soul singer P. P. Arnold provides additional vocals on the track. The song was released on 25 August 1997 as the second single from the band's third studio album, Marchin' Already (1997), and reached number five on the UK Singles Chart.
Track listings
UK CD single
"Travellers Tune"
"Song for the Front Row"
"On the Way Home"
"All God's Children Need Travelling Shoes"
UK 7-inch and cassette single
"Travellers Tune"
"Song for the Front Row"
Personnel
Personnel are taken from the UK CD single liner notes and the Marchin' Already album booklet.
Ocean Colour Scene – writing, production, recording, mixing, engineering
Simon Fowler – vocals, guitar
Steve Cradock – guitar, piano
Damon Minchella – bass guitar
Oscar Harrison – drums
P. P. Arnold – additional vocals
Brendan Lynch – production, recording, mixing, engineering
Martyn "Max" Heyes – production, engineering
Charts
References
Ocean Colour Scene songs
1997 singles
1997 songs
MCA Records singles
Song recordings produced by Brendan Lynch (music producer)
Sibbald is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Special Area No. 3. It is located on Highway 9, approximately west of the provincial border with Saskatchewan and northeast of Medicine Hat.
Climate
Sibbald experiences a semi-arid climate (Köppen climate classification BSk). Winters are cold, while summers are warm to hot, and dry. Precipitation is generally low year round, with an annual average of , and is heavily concentrated in the warmer months.
Demographics
Sibbald recorded a population of 33 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Special Area No. 3
The 2011 Oceania Handball Champions Cup was held in Tahiti from the 5 to 10 November 2011. This was organised by the Oceania Handball Federation and featured teams from Australia, New Zealand, New Caledonia and host's Tahiti.
The tournament was won by Australian team Sydney University. They won the right to represent Oceania in the 2012 IHF Super Globe.
Results
Round robin stage
Fifth Place play off
Third Place play off
Final
Final standings
External links
OHBF results
Planet Handball article
AS Faa'a webpage (French)
Oceania Handball Champions Cup
Manzel may refer to:
Places
Pain Zoghal Manzel, a village in Chapakrud Rural District
Halaleh-ye Manzel, village in Shahid Modarres Rural District
Manzel Darreh, a village in Chahardangeh Rural District
Arts and entertainment
Al-Manzel Raqam 13 (Arabic: المنزل رقم 13, House No. 13), a 1952 Egyptian mystery/crime film
Manzel (band)
People
Dagmar Manzel (born 1958), German actress
Ludwig Manzel (1858–1936), German sculptor, painter and graphic artist
Al-Faisaly FC () is a Saudi Arabian football team playing in the Saudi Professional League, based in Harmah City with a population of around 15,000 people. The club is named after King Faisal (r. 1964–75); he was crown prince at the time of the club's founding.
History
Al-Faisaly finished as the runner-up in the 2005–06 first division season, thus becoming the first club from the Sudair region to achieve promotion to the top flight but went straight back down after just one season. Al-Faisaly achieved promotion for the second time to the top flight by winning the 2009-10 first division title, and have been competing in the Saudi Professional League until they were relegated in the 2021–22 campaign after twelve consecutive seasons in the top flight.
During the 2017-18 season Al-Faisaly managed to reach the 2018 king cup final for the first time in their history, but fell short to Al-Ittihad, losing 3-1 in extra time. Al-Faisaly reached their second king cup final in four years, but this time they managed to win 3-2 against Al-Taawon in the 2020–21 edition with Júlio Tavares scoring a hat trick to secure their first ever top flight title, as well as their first AFC Champions League qualification. Al-Faisaly also qualified to the 2021 Saudi Super Cup after winning their first ever King Cup title on 27 May 2021. Al-Faisaly was defeated in the super cup by Al-Hilal (4–3) on penalties after 2–2 draw.
The club's debut campaign in the 2022 AFC Champions League was a massive success against all odds, Al-Faisaly pulled off a surprising upset by winning 2-1 over Qatari giants and two time AFC Champions League winners Al-Sadd. Al-Faisaly managed to top their group (E) with (2W, 3D,1L) and by doing so have advanced to the round of 16 at the first time of asking.
Honours
Saudi First Division (Level 2)
Winners (1): 2009–10
Runners-up (1): 2005–06
Saudi Second Division (Level 3)
Winners (1): 2002–03
Saudi Third Division (Level 4)
Runners-up (1): 2000–01
Prince Faisal bin Fahd Cup for Division 1 and 2 Teams
Winners (1): 2005–06
King Cup
Winners (1): 2020–21
Runners-up (1): 2018
Super Cup
Runners-up (1): 2021
Current squad
As of 1 July 2022:
Unregistered players
Out on loan
Club staff
Managers
Youssef Baati (1989 – 1990)
Skander Baklouti (1993 – 1996)
Tariq El Mrabet (1998)
Taher Lamine (1 July 1999 – 6 December 1999)
Al Nasser Abou Zaid (6 December 1999 – 1 May 2000)
Mohammed Khalil (1 August 2000 – 1 May 2001)
Skander Baklouti (6 July 2001 – 1 May 2002)
Zuhair Al Louti (1 August 2002 – 1 May 2003)
Hassine Menestiri (25 July 2003 – 15 April 2004)
Bolbol Bayoumy (caretaker) (15 April 2004 – 30 May 2004)
Mohammed El Sayed (8 July 2004 – 30 March 2005)
Mondher Ladhari (30 March 2005 – 31 May 2005)
Lotfi El Hashmi (25 June 2005 – 28 November 2005)
Adlène bin Abderrahmane (28 November 2005 – 2 March 2006)
Nasser Nefzi (2 March 2006 – 1 May 2006)
José Morais (17 July 2006 – 16 December 2006)
Mamdouh Ouka (caretaker) (16 December 2006 – 6 January 2007)
Bernard Simondi (6 January 2007 – 30 May 2007)
Carlos Dante (30 June 2007 – 10 November 2007)
Abderrazek Chebbi (10 November 2007 – 16 February 2008)
Mourad Ajmi (16 February 2008 – 1 June 2008)
Hadi Ben Mokhtar (23 July 2008 – 9 May 2010)
Zlatko Dalić (19 May 2010 – 30 April 2012)
Marc Brys (2 June 2012 – 7 December 2013)
Issame Charaï (caretaker) (7 December 2013 – 15 December 2013)
Mohammed El Sayed (caretaker) (15 December 2013 – 27 December 2013)
Giovanni Solinas (27 December 2013 – 1 May 2014)
Stéphane Demol (21 May 2014 – 14 March 2015)
Toni Conceição (14 March 2015 – 22 May 2015)
Liviu Ciobotariu (6 June 2015 – 17 May 2016)
Hélio dos Anjos (23 May 2016 – 9 November 2016)
Fahd Elouarga (caretaker) (9 November 2016 – 19 November 2016)
Tomislav Ivković (19 November 2016 – 19 February 2017)
Giovanni Solinas (20 February 2017 – 5 May 2017)
Vuk Rašović (29 May 2017 – 3 May 2018)
Mircea Rednic (2 July 2018 – 8 October 2018)
Péricles Chamusca (14 October 2018 – 1 June 2021)
Paolo Tramezzani (18 June 2021 – 7 October 2021)
Daniel Ramos (7 October 2021 – 24 February 2022)
Fahd Elouarga (caretaker) (24 February 2022 – 27 February 2022)
Marinos Ouzounidis (27 February 2022 – 30 June 2022)
Ante Miše (12 July 2022 – )
International Competitions
Overview
Record By Country
International Record
Matches
References
External links
Official site
Official site for Harmah City
Faisaly
Faisaly
Faisaly
Faisaly
The 2018–19 Super Ligue is the 49nd season (since independence) of the Super Ligue, the top-tier football league in Niger. The season started on 28 December 2018.
Standings
Final table.
1.AS SONIDEP (Niamey) 26 17 7 2 37-13 58 Champions
2.AS Police (Niamey) 26 15 7 4 38-21 52
3.AS GNN (Niamey) 26 12 8 6 33-24 44
4.AS FAN (Niamey) 26 11 8 7 30-21 41
5.Sahel SC (Niamey) 26 10 11 5 35-28 41
6.US Gendarmerie Nationale (Niamey) 26 10 5 11 27-27 35
7.ASN NIGELEC (Niamey) 26 7 11 8 32-20 32
8.AS Racing FC de Boukoki (Niamey) 26 7 10 9 27-34 31
9.AS Douanes (Niamey) 26 6 10 10 20-20 28
10.Jangorzo FC (Maradi) 26 7 7 12 25-38 28
11.Espoir FC (Zinder) 26 7 6 13 19-46 27
12.Urana FC (Arlit) 26 4 12 10 23-27 24
------------------------------------------------------------
13.JS Tahoua FC 26 5 9 12 23-36 24 Relegated
14.Akokana FC (Arlit) 26 3 11 12 15-29 20 Relegated
References
Super Ligue (Niger) seasons
Premier League
Premier League
Niger
Baron Israël Karl-Gustav "K-G" Eugène Lagerfelt (21 November 1909 – 11 December 1986) was a Swedish diplomat.
Early life
Lagerfelt was born on 21 November 1909 in Jönköping, Sweden, the son of captain, baron Gustaf Adolf Lagerfelt and baroness Gertrud (née von Essen). He received a Candidate of Law degree in 1932 and a Bachelor of Arts in 1935 before becoming an attaché at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs in Stockholm in 1935.
Career
Lagerfelt served in Helsinki in 1936 and in London in 1938 as well as at the Foreign Ministry in Stockholm in 1938. He was second secretary in 1939 and first secretary at the Foreign Ministry in Stockholm in 1943. Lagerfelt was first secretary in London in 1943 and in Paris in 1947 as well as at the Foreign Ministry in Stockholm in 1948. He was director at the Foreign Ministry in Stockholm in 1950 (acting in 1948). Lagerfelt was diplomatic representative in Japan in 1951 and envoy in Tokyo from 1952 to 1956 during the time of the case of Sweden v. Yamaguchi.
He was then Permanent Representative to the High Authority of the European Coal and Steel Community in Luxembourg from 1956 to 1963, the Council of Europe from 1957 to 1963, the European Atomic Energy Community and the European Economic Community in Brussels from 1959 to 1963. Lagerfelt was ambassador in Vienna from 1964 to 1969 and in The Hague from 1969 to 1972. He was ambassador and head of Sweden's Permanent Delegation of the International Organizations in Geneva from 1972 to 1975 and was chairman of the council of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development from 1976 to 1977. Lagerfelt was consultant at the Volvo International Development Corporation from 1978 to 1979 and was chairman of the parliamentary Inter-American Development Bank investigations from 1980 to 1982. He was also deputy counsel and expert in the United Nations General Assembly in 1967, 1976 and 1977.
Personal life
In 1947 Lagerfelt married Sara Champion de Crespigny (1914–1967), the daughter of the British major Vierville Champion de Crespigny and Nora (née McSloy). They divorced and in 1974 he married Monique Suetens (1932–2010), the daughter of the Belgian director Albert Suetens and Madeleine (née Limpens). Lagerfelt was the father of Caroline (born 1947) and Johan (born 1949).
Lagerfelt was the owner of the mansion Säbylund in Kumla Municipality until his son Johan Lagerfelt bought the property from his father in 1970.
Death
Lagerfelt died of 11 December 1986 and was buried at Kumla Cemetery in Kumla.
Awards and decorations
Swedish
Knight of the Order of the Polar Star
Knight of the Order of Saint John in Sweden
Foreign
First Class of the Order of the Sacred Treasure
Commander First Class of the Order of the Lion of Finland
Commander of the Hungarian Order of Merit
Knight First Class of the Order of the White Rose of Finland
Knight of the Legion of Honour
Honours
Former Herald of Orders of His Majesty the King (Kungl. Maj:ts Orden).
Bibliography
References
External links
List of GATT representatives
1909 births
1986 deaths
Barons of Sweden
Ambassadors of Sweden to Japan
Ambassadors of Sweden to Austria
Ambassadors of Sweden to the Netherlands
People from Jönköping
Knights of the Order of the Polar Star
1981 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1981 ACC men's basketball tournament
1981 ACC women's basketball tournament
1981 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Gabare Glacier, Sentinel Range
Gabrovo Knoll, Livingston Island
Galabinov Spur, Danco Coast
Galabov Ridge, Alexander Island
Galata Cove, Anvers Island
Galerius Peak, Alexander Island
Galiche Rock, Robert Island
Galicia Peak, Vinson Massif
Garbel Point, Liège Island
Garmen Point, Smith Island
Garnya Cove, Robert Island
Garvan Point, Trinity Peninsula
Gaydari Peak, Graham Coast
Gaydarov Point, Cornwallis Island
Gega Point, Astrolabe Island
Gela Point, Livingston Island
Gergini Reef, Snow Island
Gerila Glacier, Sentinel Range
Gerlovo Beach, Livingston Island
German Peninsula, Fallières Coast
Gerov Pass, Livingston Island
Gerritsz Bay, Anvers Island
Gesha Point, Clarence Island
Ghiaurov Peak, Livingston Island
Mount Ghiuselev, Brabant Island
Gigen Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Gilbert Spur, Sentinel Range
Giridava Glacier, Clarence Island
Glarus Island, Trinity Island
Glavinitsa Peak, Fallières Coast
Glazne Buttress, Nordenskjöld Coast
Glogovo Passage, Greenwich Island
Glozhene Cove, Smith Island
Gluhar Hill, Foyn Coast
Glumche Island, Low Island
Godech Nunatak, Livingston Island
Golemani Peak, Sentinel Range
Goleminov Point, Alexander Island
Golesh Bluff, Trinity Peninsula
Goloe Pass, Sentinel Range
Golyam Sechko Cove, Nelson Island
Gomotartsi Knoll, Graham Coast
Goreme Col, Sentinel Range
Gorichane Glacier, Brabant Island
Goritsa Rocks, Livingston Island
Gornik Knoll, Trinity Peninsula
Gorublyane Knoll, Trinity Peninsula
Gostilya Point, Loubet Coast
Gostun Point, Snow Island
Goten Peninsula, Anvers Island
Govedare Peak, Oscar II Coast
Gramada Glacier, Smith Island
Grand Lagoon, Livingston Island
Graovo Rocks, Robert Island
Greben Hill, Trinity Peninsula
Greblo Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Gredaro Point, Trinity Peninsula
Grigorov Glacier, Brabant Island
Grivitsa Ridge, Nordenskjöld Coast
Grod Island, Robert Island
Gromshin Heights, Sentinel Range
Grozden Peak, Fallières Coast
Gruev Cove, Greenwich Island
Guangzhou Peninsula, Nelson Island
Gubesh Peak, Sentinel Range
Gurev Gap, Livingston Island
Gurgulyat Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Gurkovska Cove, Elephant Island
Gusla Peak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Gutsal Ridge, Brabant Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Margaret Waters, otherwise known as Willis, was an English murderer hanged by executioner William Calcraft on 11 October 1870 at Horsemonger Lane Gaol (also known as Surrey County Gaol) in London.
Waters was born in 1835 and lived in Brixton. She was known for baby farming, the practice of taking in other women's children for money, a practice which often resulted in infanticide.
Waters drugged and starved the infants in her care and is believed to have killed at least 19 children. Charged with five counts of wilful murder as well as neglect and conspiracy, Waters was convicted of murdering an infant named John Walter Cowen. Her sister, Sarah Ellis, was convicted in the same case for obtaining money under false pretences and sentenced to eighteen months' hard labour.
See also
List of serial killers by country
References
1835 births
1870 deaths
19th-century executions by England and Wales
English murderers of children
English people convicted of murder
Executed English women
Executed people from London
People convicted of murder by England and Wales
People executed for murder
People from Brixton
Infanticide
1870 murders in the United Kingdom
Suspected serial killers
1870s murders in London
Dafni or Daphni () is a village in Ano Panta region, on the island of Othonoi, Greece. It is considered one of the original settlements on the island. Prior to the massive immigration of the later part of the twentieth century, Dafni was considered the most populous village on the island with up to 250 inhabitants in the early 1960s. Although currently the settlement is largely abandoned from permanent residents, Dafni has the largest concentration of houses on the island of Othoni. Most of these were built in the late 1800s to early 20th century and have a distinct local architecture. In recent years there has been some restoration of these homes by locals and others. The houses are distinctly built and scattered within centuries old olive groves with a view to the Adriatic and Ionian Seas. The Church of Virgin Mary and its accompanied cemetery is a distinct monument in the area. It was built on top of a hill in the 1600s and is impressively well preserved today. There is also a trail from Dafni to the coast of Fyki.
References
Populated places in Corfu (regional unit)
Villages in Greece
William Botsford (April 29, 1773 – May 8, 1864) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in the pre-Confederation Province of New Brunswick, Canada.
He was born in New Haven, Connecticut Colony, the son of Amos Botsford and Sarah Chandler, and went to Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia with his family in 1782. The family settled at Westcock, New Brunswick two years later. Botsford was educated at Yale College, studied law with Jonathan Bliss and was called to the bar in 1795. In 1802, he married Sarah Lowell Murray. From 1803 to 1808, he served as judge in the vice admiralty court. He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick in 1812 for Westmorland County following the death of his father. In 1816, he was named solicitor general and, in 1817, speaker for the assembly. In 1823, he became a judge in the province's Supreme Court. He retired to Westcock in 1845 and lived there until his death in 1864.
His sons Bliss, Hazen and Chipman served in the legislative assembly and his son Amos Edwin served in the Senate of Canada.
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
Yale Obituary Record
1773 births
1864 deaths
Lawyers in New Brunswick
Members of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
Speakers of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
People of colonial Connecticut
United Empire Loyalists
Yale College alumni
Colony of New Brunswick judges
Stefan Minkwitz (born 1 June 1969 in Magdeburg) is a German former footballer and later coach.
The midfielder appeared in 82 German top-flight matches in his career - 72 in the DDR-Oberliga and ten in the German unified Bundesliga. Minkwitz won two caps for the East German national team in 1990.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Magdeburg
German footballers
East German footballers
East Germany international footballers
Association football midfielders
1. FC Magdeburg players
MSV Duisburg players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
Stuttgarter Kickers players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
German football managers
Stuttgarter Kickers managers
DDR-Oberliga players
3. Liga managers
SSV Reutlingen 05 managers
SV Elversberg managers
Footballers from Saxony-Anhalt
Thomas Pröpper (born 4 August 1970) is a German former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
References
1970 births
Living people
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Wuppertaler SV players
Hannover 96 players
Rot-Weiss Essen players
SG Union Solingen players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
Rot Weiss Ahlen players
1. FC Bocholt players
VfB Speldorf players
2. Bundesliga players
People from Dorsten
Sportspeople from Münster (region)
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Großwudicke () is a railway station located in Großwudicke, Milower Land, Germany. The station is located on the Berlin-Lehrte Railway. The train services are operated by Deutsche Bahn.
Train services
The station is serves by the following service(s):
Local services Stendal - Rathenow
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Buildings and structures in Havelland (district)
Ramil "Bebeng" Gallego (; ) (b. September 21, 1966 in Bacolod, Negros Occidental) is a Filipino professional pool player.
As veteran player, Gallego has been competing in tournaments outside the Philippines, mainly in Japan. The Philippine public started to know him very well when he competed in the Motolite International Tournament (won by Francisco Bustamante) and the Rising Stars Tournament (won by Edgar Acaba).
Among the Philippine players, Gallego is capable of speaking Japanese. Thus, he is occasionally being used as a translator when in Japan.
Ramil Gallego, 41, edged Francisco Bustamante, 10-9, in the semis, and defeated Carlo Biado, 11-7, in the finals to win on July 28, 2008, the first P 300,000 Manny Villar Cup Bulacan leg at the Event Center of SM City, Marilao.
Gallego has won a number of tournaments, mostly in Asia. His most notable one is when he won the Bangkok Leg of the 2006 WPA Asian Nine-ball Tour against Au Chi-wai of Hong Kong.
Titles
2009 Japan Open 9-Ball
2008 Manny Villar Cup Tournament
2006 San Miguel Asian 9-Ball Tour (Thailand leg)
References
External links
"Gallego secures Bangkok crown", Manila Times (online edition), 5 June 2006
Filipino pool players
Living people
1966 births
Sportspeople from Bacolod
Makhtar Vincent N'Diaye (born 12 December 1973) is a Senegalese former professional basketball player who played as a power forward and center. He played for the Vancouver Grizzlies in 1999, becoming the first player from Senegal to join and play in the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Career
Born in Diourbel, N'Diaye came to the United States to play high school basketball at Oak Hill Academy in Mouth of Wilson, Virginia. He was recruited to play at Wake Forest by head coach Dave Odom, but was ruled ineligible to play by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) because of recruiting violations and transferred to Michigan. After two seasons, he transferred again, to North Carolina. After sitting out the required one season, N'Diaye played under coaches Dean Smith and Bill Guthridge, making the NCAA Tournament Final Four in 1997 and 1998.
During his NCAA playing career, N'Diaye acquired a reputation for rough play and contentious relations with game officials. In one three-game stretch in February 1998, he was assessed four technical fouls. He attracted national attention for his troublesome attitude during the 1998 Final Four, where he fouled out after only fourteen minutes of play in North Carolina's national semifinal loss to the University of Utah. During the game, he purportedly spat in the face of opposing player Britton Johnsen, and claimed that Johnsen had directed a racial slur at him and denied the spitting incident afterwards. Following a national uproar and vociferous denials of hate speech from both Johnsen and Utah coach Rick Majerus, N'Diaye retracted the accusation and issued a public apology.
After going unselected in the 1998 NBA Draft, N'Diaye signed as a free agent with the Vancouver Grizzlies. He played 4 games for Vancouver in the lockout-shortened 1999 season before he was traded to the Orlando Magic, who released him before the 1999–2000 season. He continued his career in Europe, mostly in the French league, save for a season-long stint with the North Charleston Lowgators of the NBA Development League in 2001–02.
He represented Senegal at the FIBA World Championship in 1998 and 2006, and played on the team that won the FIBA Africa Championship in 1997.
References
External links
Makhtar N'Diaye at LNB.fr
1973 births
Living people
1998 FIBA World Championship players
AEK Larnaca B.C. players
ASVEL Basket players
BC Rytas players
Besançon BCD players
Centers (basketball)
Charleston Lowgators players
Chorale Roanne Basket players
JA Vichy players
JDA Dijon Basket players
Metropolitans 92 players
Michigan Wolverines men's basketball players
National Basketball Association players from Senegal
North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball players
Oyak Renault basketball players
Pallacanestro Pavia players
Power forwards (basketball)
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Canada
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in France
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Germany
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Greece
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Italy
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Lithuania
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in Turkey
Senegalese expatriate basketball people in the United States
Senegalese men's basketball players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
Vancouver Grizzlies players
Miss Lithuania () is a national Beauty pageant in Lithuania.
History
Miss Lithuania began in 1993 and debuted at the Miss World competition. The pageant traditionally broadcast live on "Lietuvos rytas TV". Since 2012, the Miss Lithuania Organization sends the second title to the Miss Universe pageant. The Miss Lithuania pageant organizes by Benas Gudelis in Vilnius, Lithuania. Due to a lack of sponsorship, the contest was cancelled in 2015 and not held since, nor any representatives sent to international pageants.
Began in 2019 Edward Walson took over the franchise of Miss Universe in Lithuania by holding independently Miss Universe Lithuania competition. Walson was owning Miss Universe Italy and Miss Universo Portugal between 2016 and 2017.
Titleholders
Miss Lithuania 1988-2014
The following is a list of winners. From 1988 to present.
Miss Universe Lithuania 2019-present
The following is a list of winners. From 2019 to present.
Big Four pageants representatives
Miss Universe Lithuania
Miss Lietuva has started to send a Miss Lithuania to Miss Universe from 2012. In recent years a second title of Miss Lithuania Beauty Pageant crowned as "Miss Universe Lithuania". On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent.
Miss World Lithuania
Miss Lietuva has started to send a Miss Lithuania to Miss World from 1993. In recent years the Miss Lithuania Beauty Pageant crowned a winner as "Miss World Lithuania". On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent.
Miss International Lithuania
Miss International Lithuania has opened to call the official casting format to Lithuanian delegate to Miss International.
See also
Lithuania at major beauty pageants
References
External links
Official website
Beauty pageants in Lithuania
Annual events in Lithuania
Lithuania
Lithuanian awards
Let's Ryde 2Night EP is an EP by rap group Tha Dogg Pound. It was released online as an iTunes exclusive after Tha Dogg Pound's deal with Cash Money Records was postponed. The featured single "Ch-Ching" was intended for their 100 Wayz album, but was released on Let's Ryde 2Night along with several other new songs as well as a few unreleased Dogg Pound tracks that were originally recorded for Cali Iz Active.
Track listing
"Let's Ryde 2Night" 3:59
"Ch-Ching" 4:59
"Look Like U Need a Lift" (feat. B-Real & Nate Dogg) 3:59
"Cuz from tha Dogg Pound" 4:13
"Bacc on tha Rise" 3:17
"Watch Us Ryde" 4:05
"Thiz DPG" (feat. Nitti) 4:16
"What Cha Want" (feat. Busta Rhymes) 3:45
"F.Y.T." (feat. San Quinn & The Yee) 4:03
"Oooh Baby" 4:22
"Vibe wit a Pimp" [Shawty Redd Remix] (feat. Snoop Dogg) 3:31
"Xmas Seasons" (feat. Nate Dogg & Snoop Dogg) 5:16
2008 debut EPs
Tha Dogg Pound albums
Albums produced by Daz Dillinger
Albums produced by the Alchemist (musician)
Albums produced by Shawty Redd
Gonionautilidae is a family in the nautilid superfamily Clydonautiliaceae that contains only the genus Gonionautilus, known from the Upper Triassic (Norian) of Europe and North America. (Alps, state of Nevada)
Gonionautilus has a smooth, compressed involute shell with a narrow flattened venter and angular ventral shoulders. The suture resembles that of Clydonautilus, from which it must have been derived, except for the more highly developed median saddle and bifurcated dorsal lobe.
Gonionautilus (Gonionautilidae) is one of a number of advanced nautiloid cephalopods that developed sutures resembling those of some goniatites in the Ammonoidea.
References
Bernhard Kummel, 1964. Nautiloidea -Nautilida; Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology, Part K. Geol Soc of America and Univ of Kansas press, R.C. Moore (ed)
Prehistoric nautiloid families
Norian first appearances
Norian extinctions
Monte Bano is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the province of Genoa. It lies at an altitude of 1035 metres.
References
Mountains of Liguria
One-thousanders of Italy
Mountains of the Apennines
The Stone-Country is a 1967 novel by South African novelist Alex La Guma. The novel is set in a prison, and explores how one prisoner inspires others to pursue anti-apartheid politics. It was the last novel La Guma was able to write before his exile from South Africa. The novel was later republished as part of the influential African Writers Series in 1974.
References
Further reading
20th-century South African novels
1967 novels
Apartheid novels
African Writers Series
Works by Alex La Guma
is a Buddhist temple located in the city of Nagano, Japan. The temple was built in the 7th century. The modern city of Nagano began as a town built around the temple.
Historically, Zenkō-ji is perhaps most famous for its involvement in the battles between Uesugi Kenshin and Takeda Shingen in the 16th century, when it served as one of Kenshin's bases of operations. Currently, Zenkō-ji is one of the few remaining pilgrimage sites in Japan.
Zenkō-ji was founded before Buddhism in Japan split into several different sects. It currently belongs to both the Tendai and Jōdoshū schools of Mahayana Buddhism, and is co-managed by twenty-five priests from the former school, and fourteen from the latter. The temple enshrines images of the Amida Buddha. According to legend, the image, having caused dispute between two clans, was dumped into a canal. It was later rescued by Honda Yoshimitsu. The temple was thus named "Zenkō," according to the Chinese transliteration of Yoshimitsu's name.
The main Buddhist image is a hibutsu (secret Buddha), a hidden Buddha statue, not shown to the public. This hibutsu is rumored to be the first Buddha statue to ever be brought to Japan. The commandments of the temple require the absolute secrecy of the statue, prohibiting it to be shown to anyone, including the chief priest of the temple. However, a replica of the statue (Maedachi Honzon) has been created which can be shown publicly once every six years in spring, in a ceremony called Gokaichō. This event attracts many worshipers and visitors. When the statue was on display in 2003, Zenkō-ji cooperated with Motozenkō-ji and Zenkō-ji of Kofu, Yamanashi Prefecture. The most recent display of "Maedachi Honzon" took place in April and May, 2015.
The temple contains a statue of Binzuru, a physician who was said to be Buddha's follower. Visitors to the temple touch the statue in order to cure their ailments. The temple also contains an inner prayer chamber, accessible to visitors. Currently, a daily morning ritual is held there by the high priest or priestess. From the inner chamber, a narrow staircase leads down to a completely dark corridor. In this corridor worshippers try to touch a metal key hanging on the wall, in order to gain enlightenment. The key represents the Key to the Western Paradise of the Amida Buddha.
History
According to the explanation of Zenkō-ji, The Hibutsu, or the Main Image of Zenkō-ji, moved from India to Japan by way of the Korean peninsula, in the 6th century, during the reign of Emperor Kinmei. Afterwards, it was moved several times before coming to rest at its present location in Nagano city.
At the end of the Kamakura period (1185–1333), many temples copied Zenkō-ji's famous Buddha statue, and many new temples were built around the country, calling themselves "Zenkō-ji" or "Shin-Zenkō-ji" ("New Zenkō-ji").
In the Sengoku period (mid-15th to 17th century), when the Zenkō-ji became embroiled in the struggles between Uesugi Kenshin and Takeda Shingen, the chief abbot was afraid it would be burnt to the ground. He built a new Zenkō-ji in what is now Kōfu; it stands to this day.
In 1598, Toyotomi Hideyoshi moved the hibutsu to Kyoto, and then to Shinano. The hibutsu and the Zenkoji temple itself have since been moved back to Nagano.
Zenkō-ji temple decided to pull out of the 2008 Summer Olympics torch relay, in relation with the 2008 Tibetan unrest and in solidarity with the Tibetan Buddhists. The Zenkō-ji temple was then vandalized.
Inside the compound
The Zenkō-ji compound contains many interesting and historically significant buildings. The compound is arranged in a linear fashion, from the south to the north, so that worshipers and visitors would likely see the buildings in this order. Admission to most of the buildings at the compound is covered by a ticket which costs ¥500. The ticket can be re-used at different buildings.
Daihongan
Immediately on the left, from the southern entrance, this Jōdo Sect temple houses the nunnery and the residence of the high priestess.
Niōmon
The Niōmon gate features two impressive Niō guardians, which protect the compound from enemies of Buddhism. The two statues were reconstructed in 1918 after a fire.
Original Main Hall
The original Main Hall is located on the left, after the Niōmon gate.
Daikanjin
Located on the left, after the original Main Hall site, this Tendai Sect temple houses the residence of the chief priest. The temple's compound contains a garden and a treasure house, which contains the illustrated scroll of The Tale of Genji. Unfortunately, these areas are not open for public viewing.
Rokujizō
The Rokujizō are located to the right of the Daikanjin. The Rokujizō are statues of the six Bodhisattvas, who gave up Buddhist enlightenment, in order to provide salvation to others. The Bodhisattvas are said to be able to commune with the six realms of hell, starvation, beasts, carnage, human beings and divine beings.
Sanmon
The Sanmon Gate is considered an Important Cultural Property. It contains five wooden Buddhist statues (not available for public viewing), as well as a plaque with calligraphy by the Imperial prince, which is said to contain five hidden doves in the lettering. Reconstruction of the Sanmon Gate began on October 1, 2002 and was scheduled to end on December 31, 2007.
Kyōzō
The Kyōzō is located on the far left from the Sanmon Gate. It is also an Important Cultural Property. The building contains a repository of printed Buddhist sutras, and visitors get to rotate the octagonal sūtra holder, in order to gain enlightenment. The Kyōzō was constructed in 1759, although the sūtra holder was made in 1694.
Zenkō-ji Hon-dō
This is the Main Hall, located at the northern end of the compound. It is considered a National Treasure.
References
Further reading
Graham, Patricia J. (2007) Faith and Power in Japanese Buddhist Art (Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press) .
External links
Zenkō-ji Official Site (Japanese)
Yamasa Institute Multimedia Studio This is an excellent overview of Zenkō-ji, with many good photographs.
Buddhist temples in Nagano Prefecture
644 establishments
Tendai temples
Jōdo-shū
Nagano (city)
National Treasures of Japan
Religious buildings and structures completed in 644
7th-century Buddhist temples
Access © or Access Copyright is the operating name of a Canada Business Corporations Act corporation whose official registration name is The Canadian Copyright Licensing Agency (formerly Cancopy). It is a not-for-profit copyright collective that collects revenues from licensed Canadian businesses, government, schools, libraries and other copyright users for the photocopying of print works and distributes those monies to the rightsholders of those works, such as publishers and authors from Canada and around the world.
Access Copyright covers works published in Australia, Argentina, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein, Malta, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, South Africa, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom, and the United States.
University model license
When universities sign on to a license with Access Copyright (negotiated by the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada (AUCC) or the Association of Canadian Community Colleges), their professors and students are given permission to do certain copying of copyrighted works. The university is generally charged a base rate per full-time student for this license, usually passed down to students in the form of mandatory fees.
2011 AUCC model license
A new model, negotiated by AUCC in 2011, would see universities pay a rate of $26 per full-time student. The old agreement, which expired in 2010, charged only $3.38 plus an additional 10 cents per page coursepacks, photocopied compilations of readings designed by instructors and sold to students. Moreover, additional stipulations would proscribe faculty and students from keeping copies of journal articles in personal libraries, or on personal computers or email accounts.
These changes have proved controversial, and numerous universities have opted out of the deal.
Universities that have opted out:
Athabasca University
Brock University
Carleton University
MacEwan University
McMaster University
Memorial University
Mount Allison University
Mount Royal University
Queen's University
Ryerson University
University of Alberta
University of British Columbia
University of Calgary
University of New Brunswick
University of Ottawa
University of Saskatchewan
University of Toronto
University of Victoria
University of Manitoba
University of Northern British Columbia
University of Waterloo
University of Western Ontario
University of Windsor
University of Winnipeg
York University
Universities that have signed on:
Controversy
Access Copyright has also started charging universities for e-mailing links to copyrighted information, even in cases where there was no copyrighted material present. They are charging the full price for each link e-mailed.
In late 2019, Access Copyright obtained a court order requiring 300 schools across Canada to supply handouts and lesson plans from the last seven years. The demand, intended to find use of copyright material, was described as a 'logistical nightmare'.
See also
Copyright Clearance Center
Captain Copyright
Alberta (Education) v Canadian Copyright Licensing Agency (Access Copyright)
References
External links
Access Copyright website
Canadian copyright law
Copyright collection societies
Ink Blot Natural Area Preserve is a Washington state Natural Area Preserve located in Mason County. The preserve totals , mostly wetlands and Sphagnum bogs in three parallel glacier-formed basins.
The preserve was created in 2010 with a purchase by the State of Washington from a private landowner.
References
External links
Photographs and commentary by Joseph Rocchio, conservation ecologist
Ink Blot and Shumocher Creek NAPs, Washington Wildlife and Recreation Coalition
Protected areas of Mason County, Washington
Washington Natural Areas Program
Landforms of Mason County, Washington
Bogs of Washington (state)
Tropical Storm Helene was a moderate tropical storm which affected the southern Caribbean and Central America in mid-August 2012. The seventh tropical depression and eighth named storm of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season, Helene was monitored as a tropical wave that exited the west coast of the African continent on August 5. It gradually moved westward and became a tropical depression east of the Lesser Antilles four days later. However, unfavorable conditions initially prevented it from developing, which led to its initial degeneration to a remnant low as it traversed the Caribbean Sea.
Meteorological history
Tropical Storm Helene originated from a tropical wave, with an accompanying area of low pressure, which moved off the west coast of Africa on August 5. The wave traversed westward with some cyclonic rotation occurring in the middle levels of the atmosphere and a large area of convection. Early on August 7, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) began to monitor the disturbance, noting the possibility of tropical cyclogenesis in the coming days. Although, the system was not expected to developed due to unfavorable upper-level wind shear. However, about 24 hours later, wind shear began to become more favorable for tropical cyclone development as the disturbance became better organized. By 18:00 UTC on August 9, thunderstorms became confined to the center of circulation, showing signs of further organization. This promoted the NHC to upgrade the disturbance into Tropical Depression Seven, while it was located roughly midway between Cape Verde and the Lesser Antilles. During the next day, the depression changed little despite being within a favorable environment, moving westward due to a subtropical ridge to its north. Despite an increase of convective activity on August 11, the system remained disorganized due to strong southwesterly wind shear, with its swift westward motion making it uncertain if a closed circulation still remained. By 12:00 UTC that day, Hurricane Hunters Reconnaissance aircraft failed to discover a well-defined or persistent circulation, signifying the depression's reabsorption into its parent wave.
The NHC continued to monitor the remnants of Seven as they crossed the Lesser Antilles, shortly after dissipation. The remnants entered the eastern Caribbean Sea on August 12 and produced a disorganized area of convection that stretched from the ABC Islands to the Leeward Islands. However, environmental conditions in the region remained unfavorable for regeneration. The next day, however, convection associated with the wave began to diminish, though started wind shear to become more favorable, land interaction with Central America halted further development. By August 14, shower and thunderstorm activity returned to normal, however, further organization was halted as the wave crossed through northeastern Nicaragua and eastern Honduras the following day. While over Central America, the disturbance spawned an area of low pressure which moved into the Bay of Campeche, late on August 16. Around this time, convective activity associated with the wave began to organize within an area favorable for tropical cyclogenesis. By 12:00 UTC the next day, surface observations and radar data depicted a better-defined circulation, with the NHC estimating the regeneration of Tropical Depression Seven occurred around this time.
Just six hours later, Hurricane Hunters Reconnaissance aircraft found peak-level winds of around 45 mph (75 km/h) and a minimum pressure of around 1004 mbar (29.65 inHg), with the NHC upgrading the system into Tropical Storm Helene as the storm reached its peak intensity. However, the storm still remained disorganized with convection being displaced west of the center, while winds were being enhanced by the displaced convection and topography. Almost immediately, Helene began to weaken while drifting gradually west-northwestward towards the eastern coastline of Mexico. Early on August 18, satellite observations depicted a deteriorating cloud pattern, despite a well-defined circulation and environmental conditions conducive for development. Around 12:00 UTC that day, Helene was downgraded into a tropical depression and crossed the Mexican coastline near Tampico, Tamaulipas. Despite the center moving inland, a new burst of deep convection formed near the center likely due to upslope flow from the Sierra Madre Occidental, with convective banding features offshore remaining potent. At 0:00 UTC on August 19, Helene degenerated into a broad area of low pressure, with convective activity now degraded to only a few showers. Just six hours later, the remnants of Helene dissipated.
Preparations and impact
Caribbean
The remnants of Tropical Depression Seven caused severe flooding in Trinidad on August 11. Flooding damaged retaining walls at 50 homes in Diego Martin, which was cutoff by floodwaters. A total of 12 homes were destroyed the floods. Heavy rainfall and mudslides were reported across the island, which resulted in the deaths of two people. Major damage was reported to infrastructure, including loss of utility assets and damage to roadways. Following the floods, 1,112 members of the Diego Martin Regional Corporation were deployed to assist in relief efforts. The regional corporation reported that 225 people had asked for assistance. Damage from the floods totaled to around $17 million (2012 USD). A total of 12 people had to find refuge in shelters. The remnants of Seven caused a 1 in 50 year event in Diego Martin, according to local corporations.
In Dominica, over 4 inches (101.6 mm) of precipitation fell in the Layou-Roseau area within a three hour period, causing minor flooding. Some areas lost connection to internet, including the Office of Disaster Management (ODM) building. Flooding in Castle Bruce resulted in the drowning deaths of 14 livestock. Minimal pockets of flooding were reported in Saint Lucia, but floodwaters rapidly receded. The remnants of Seven brought tropical storm-force wind gusts and torrential rainfall to Central America while crossing between August 14–15. The system also brought increased moisture and shower activity to Belize, with rain peaking at around 0.75 inches (19.05 mm) in northern parts of the country.
Mexico
Upon reformation, the Government of Mexico issued a Tropical Storm Warning from Barra de Naulta, Veracruz to La Cruz, Tamaulipas. This was discontinued as Helene moved inland and weakened, at 15:00 UTC on August 18. As Helene approached land, the Sistema Nacional de Protección Civil (SINAPROC) declared a red alert for southern Tamaulipas and northern Veracruz. Personnel from civil protection programs were stationed in the municipalities of Pueblo Viejo, Tampico Alto, and Pánuco to monitor weather conditions and provide aid to residents. Ports in northern and central Veracruz prohibited non-essential transportation.
See also
Other tropical cyclones of the same name
Tropical cyclones in 2012
Tropical Storm Dolly (2014) — affected similar areas.
Tropical Storm Danielle (2016) — took a nearly identical track and made landfall in nearly the same area.
Hurricane Earl (2016) — affected similar areas.
Notes
References
External links
Helene
Helene
Atlantic tropical storms
Hurricanes in the Windward Islands
Hurricanes in Trinidad and Tobago
Hurricanes in Dominica
Hurricanes in Saint Lucia
Hurricanes in Belize
Atlantic hurricanes in Mexico
Michelle Antoinette Wallen (born 27 April 1969), known professionally as Mica Paris (), is an English singer, presenter and actress.
She was born in Islington in North London, but moved to Brockley, South London, when she was nine. Paris released her debut album So Good in 1988, which spawned singles including "My One Temptation" and "Where Is the Love". She has since gone on to release seven further albums; Contribution (1990), Whisper a Prayer (1993), Black Angel (1998), If You Could Love Me (2005), Soul Classics (2005), Born Again (2009) and Gospel (2020). In 2020, Paris was cast in the BBC soap opera EastEnders as Ellie Nixon.
Music
Paris grew up singing in her grandparents' church, and by her mid-teens was making regular appearances with The Spirit of Watts gospel choir (with whom she featured on the 1985 EP Gospel Joy). At the age of 17, she became a backing vocalist with the UK band Hollywood Beyond. Paris appeared on their album, If (1985). In 1988, she released her debut, platinum-selling album So Good with 4th & Broadway when she was 19 years old. "My One Temptation" was the lead single. This led to a collaboration with American soul singer Will Downing on a cover version of a classic "Where Is the Love", made famous by Donny Hathaway and Roberta Flack in the early 1970s.
The follow-up album, Contribution, was released in 1990. This extended Paris' soul and gospel influences to bring in hip-hop and house music and featured the track "If I Love U 2 Nite", written by Prince and recorded at his Paisley Park studios. With Omar Lye-Fook, a classically trained musician, Paris recorded "I Should've Known Better" in 1990. It was issued on the B-side to "South of the River". Paris also recorded with Anita Baker, Bonnie Raitt and Natalie Cole on the album Nelson Mandela: An International Tribute for a Free South Africa (1990), and provided the title track to Isaac Julien's Young Soul Rebels movie soundtrack the following year. She worked with the saxophonist Courtney Pine ("Redemption Song" – 1992), the Stereo MCs ("Don't Let Up" – 1992) and Bobby Womack ("I Wish I'd Never Met You" – 1991).
Her third album was Whisper a Prayer (1993), which included the singles "I Never Felt Like This Before" and "I Wanna Hold On To You", as well as "You Put a Move on My Heart" which was later recorded by Tamia in 1995 on Quincy Jones's Q's Jook Joint album. This followed by more collaboration work on album tracks with Guru on his Jazzmatazz II ("Looking Through Darkness" in 1995), Mark Morrison ("Tears For You" – 1996) and Maxwell ("Mantra" – 1996). Paris released the album Black Angel on Chrysalis in 1998. It contained a cover version of U2's "One", and a duet with James Ingram. Black Angel produced two more Top 20 singles in "Stay" and 'Carefree". More collaborations followed with Omar ("Confection" – 1994), Max Beesley ("High Vibes" – 1994), Dubversive ("Police & Thieves" – 1998), the Mobo All Stars compilation album in 1998, Mister Exe ("One Million Smiles" – 1998), Prince ("Just My Imagination" – 2000) and Boy George ("I Could Be Someone" – 2000). A collaboration with David Gilmour and Jools Holland on Screamin' Jay Hawkins' track "I Put A Spell On You" followed in 2001. The trio had regrouped on occasions to perform the hit.
Two years later, Paris lent her voice to Walt Disney Pictures (Touchstone Pictures) soundtrack for High Heels and Low Lifes, which was later included in the Primal Screen soundtrack compilation album (2001). In 2003, Paris released the Moby sampling "Heart" with Seraphim Suite. Paris also joined Omar onstage for his gig at The Shepherds Bush Empire. She also contributed to the track "I Don't Understand" on Milk & Sugar album. 2004 saw Paris feature as a guest on The New Inspirational Choir's album Inspirations along with Keisha White and Jocelyn Brown. In 2005, Paris released the album If You Could Love Me (Wounded Bird Records), featuring backing from the Brecker Brothers on the title track, with executive producer Andreas Neumann and producer Bernard Grobman. Also in 2005, she released the album Soul Classics, with executive producers Rick Blaskey and Andreas Neumann. Paris collaborated with Lemar on the track "Can't You See" on his album The Truth About Love in 2006, and in February 2008, she released the duet "Secret Lovers" with Alexander O'Neal. This was followed by a residency at the Indigo 02.
In June 2009, she released her sixth studio album, Born Again. She embarked on a nationwide tour, which included dates at the Jazz Cafe in February 2009 to showcase the material. The album was produced by Brian Rawling. James Morrison wrote Paris' first single, "Baby Come Back Now". Paris released the second single from Born Again, on 17 August 2009. The track, "The Hardest Thing", was remixed by Stonebridge, Almighty and 2Darc. Paris performed at various venues prior to the release from the album in March 2010 of the title track "Born Again".
On 4 June 2022, Paris performed Climb Ev'ry Mountain with Nicola Roberts and Ruby Turner at the Platinum Party at the Palace concert to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II.
Other ventures
Television and radio
In 2002, Paris hosted a programme on BBC Radio 2, titled Soul Solutions and narrated several music documentaries for the station. She also presented the 2002 Channel 4 television documentary The Gospel of Gospel which revealed the influence of the black American church tradition on pop music. Produced and directed by David Upshal, it featured contributions from Ray Charles, Isaac Hayes, B. B. King, Al Green, Chaka Khan, Alexander O'Neal, Edwin Hawkins, The Blind Boys of Alabama and Mary Mary. Furthermore, she broadcast a two-part show, Purple Reign: The Prince Story, on BBC Radio 2 which covered the entirety of the American artist's controversial career and featured interviews with George Clinton, Chaka Khan and Jimmy Jam. She was also a narrator on an award-winning documentary featuring Diana Ross focusing on her European and international success rather than her megastar status in the states.
In 2005, she appeared on week three of the ITV reality series Hit Me, Baby, One More Time, which was won by Carol Decker. The same year she made an appearance in, and was the winner of, week one in the second series of Come Dine with Me. From 2007, she was a co-host for two seasons of the popular consumer style programme What Not to Wear for BBC Television. Other television presenting has followed with Paris being an expert judge on Gok Wan's Miss Naked Beauty for Channel 4 and ITV's CelebAir.
In 2007, she played the part of Amelia Walker, a fictitious American jazz singer, in At Bertram's Hotel, an episode of the ITV series Marple. During the drama the character gives a concert at the Royal Albert Hall, and also sings with Louis Armstrong's band rehearsing in the hotel dining room whilst both were guests at the hotel. On 8 July 2008, Paris, her mother, father and sister appeared as The Paris Brigade on series 4 episode 9 of Gordon Ramsay's The F Word, as part of the celebrity brigades series. Paris has continued to appear on a variety of television programmes—from Channel 5's news talk show The Wright Stuff, ITV1's all-female panel talk show Loose Women, The Michael Ball Show, and BBC One's Strictly Come Dancing.
During 2013, Paris became a regular guest on ITV show This Morning. In February 2017, she stood in for Craig Charles on his Saturday night House Party, 10pm to midnight, on BBC Radio 2 for two weeks. She later stood in for Trevor Nelson on his Saturday night Rhythm Nation, 8pm to 10 pm, at the same station, in April 2017. In October 2017, she performed a medley of 1980s classics on BBC1's Children in Need Rocks the 80s. In 2020, Paris was cast in the BBC soap opera EastEnders as Ellie Nixon. On 27 December 2020, she was on Songs of Praise.
Theatre
In 1993, Paris starred in two West End shows: Mama I Want to Sing and Sweet Lorraine. In October 2004, Paris took part in the UK tour of the stage play The Vagina Monologues. In the summer of 2015, Paris took part in the UK tour of the musical Love Me Tender. In 2019, Paris starred in a production of Fame.
Book
While presenting What Not To Wear, Paris encountered many women whose stories touched her. She began to examine her own life and choices, and was compelled to tell her story in a bid to inspire confidence and self-esteem to those women and others. Her book Beautiful Within: Finding Happiness and Confidence in Your Own Skin was published by Simon & Schuster UK; . The paperback was released in August 2008.
Charity work
Paris has designed a pillow-case for ByteNight a charity event organised to raise funds for the NCH and youth homelessness. Mica is the patron for the Space For Music project, the project to renovate Band on the Wall a venue owned and operated by registered charity Inner City Music Ltd. She is also an Ambassador for The Amy Winehouse Foundation and has sung at many special fundraising occasions for the charity including their 2012 Ball. She is also currently supporting the "No Means No" anti-rape and gender equality campaign set up by the largest free local newspaper for English expats in Spain, Euro weekly news.
Accolades
2003 saw Paris being presented with the Gold Badge Award by The Ivors Academy for her special contribution to the British entertainment industry. In 2004 she was in the Top 10 list of the 100 Great Black Britons, which was compiled to celebrate the achievements and contributions made by the British Black community over the centuries.
Paris was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2020 Birthday Honours for services to music, entertainment and charity.
Personal life
Paris has previously discussed being teased as a child for having the name "Michelle" due to the popularity of Susan Tully's portrayal of Michelle Fowler in EastEnders, causing her to adopt the nickname, and later professional name, "Mica".
Paris has two daughters, Monet (b. 1991, with her former husband) and Russia-Mae (b. June 2006, from her previous relationship with German film director Andreas Neumann).
Paris' sister, Paula Wallen, was also a pop music singer, and she is the cousin of English boxer Chris Eubank. Paris has been an ambassador of the Metropolitan Police's Operation Trident since 2001, when her brother was shot dead while at work.
Discography
So Good (1988)
Contribution (1990)
Whisper a Prayer (1993)
Black Angel (1998)
If You Could Love Me (2005)
Soul Classics (2005)
Born Again (2009)
Gospel (2020)
See also
List of black Britons
List of performers on Top of the Pops
List of former Island Records artists
List of stage names
References
External links
Mica's Gospel Gold (BBC Radio 2)
1969 births
Living people
20th-century Black British women singers
English stage actresses
English television actresses
English people of Jamaican descent
English soul singers
British contemporary R&B singers
21st-century Black British women singers
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Singers from London
People from Islington (district)
Pandemis phaenotherion is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in China (Shensi).
References
Moths described in 1978
Pandemis
Rochester is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within Athabasca County. It is east of Highway 2, north of Edmonton.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Rochester had a population of 72 living in 42 of its 59 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 79. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Rochester had a population of 79 living in 38 of its 45 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 101. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Athabasca County
Hamlets in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
Eifelheim is a science fiction novel by American author Michael Flynn, published in 2006. The story first appeared as a novella in 1986, which was a nominee for the Hugo Award for Best Novella in 1987. The full novel was similarly nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 2007.
Plot summary
In 1349, Eifelheim, a small town in the Black Forest of Germany, vanished: it ceased to appear on any maps or in any documents, having apparently been abandoned and never resettled by its community. The disappearance is no mystery — the Black Death devastated Europe. But why was the area never resettled, unlike most other depopulated areas? The mystery intrigues cliometric historian Tom Schwoerin, who sets out to solve the puzzle with the help of his partner, theoretical physicist Sharon Nagy. They gradually uncover evidence of an alien crash-landing in the area.
The village was originally called Oberhochwald, and then afterwards renamed Teufelheim (Devil home in German), which was eventually distorted to Eifelheim. They also learn of the town's priest, Father Dietrich, an educated man who served the town in 1348, as the Black Death arrived in Northern Europe. Dietrich, it appears, acted as humanity's first ambassador, and was the primary liaison between Eifelheim and the aliens who happened to wreck their starship in the woods outside the village.
The novel concentrates primarily on the alien encounter in the 14th century, paying special attention to the interplay between Dietrich, a Christian scholar who is fond of Aristotle and metaphor, and the technologically advanced, post-Einsteinian band of otherworldly travelers. The interplay includes two theological questions. The first, "can aliens become Christians?" is answered in the affirmative, as some of them become converts. The second, "where is God when things go wrong?" is more difficult to answer, for both the Germans and the alien Krenken. The Germans are stricken by the Black Death, and the Krenken, who are immune to the disease, but cannot return to their home, require an amino acid not found in earthly organisms. The answer is two-fold: there is always hope, and God's love is expressed to us in the unselfish love of fellow creatures. Dietrich's attempts to understand the science of the Krenken (their view of the solar system, and gravity, is quite different from his) and their attempts to explain it to him, are also an important theme.
William of Ockham appears as a minor character. Nagy's search for a new physics, which will lead to a new means of space travel, is helped by Schwoerin's research. He discovers a Krenken circuit diagram, drawn in a manuscript by monks.
Literary significance and reception
Regina Schroder in her review for Booklist wrote "Flynn credibly maintains the voice of a man whose worldview is based on concepts almost entirely foreign to the modern mind, and he makes a tense and thrilling story of historical research out of the contemporary portions of the tale." Kirkus Reviews praised the novel calling it "Another meticulously researched, intense, mesmerizing novel (based in some part on a 1986 short story) for readers seeking thoughtful science fiction of the highest order." Entertainment Weekly said that the novel was for fans of "Brainy first-contact tales (Carl Sagan meets Umberto Eco)". According to their review, the novel was "bursting with pungent historical detail and Big Theme musings, this dense, provocative novel offers big rewards to patient readers."
Notes
External links
2006 British novels
1986 short stories
2006 science fiction novels
Novels by Michael Flynn
Fiction set in the 1340s
Tor Books books
Novels set in the 14th century
Religion in science fiction
Caroline Lavinia Harrison (née Scott; October 1, 1832 – October 25, 1892) was a music teacher and the first wife of President Benjamin Harrison. She was the first lady of the United States from 1889 until her death. She was the second first lady to die while serving in that role.
She secured funding for an extensive renovation of the White House and oversaw the work. Interested in history and preservation, in 1890 she helped found the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR) and served as its first President General.
Early life and education
Caroline Lavinia Scott was born in Oxford, Ohio, the second daughter of John Witherspoon Scott, a Presbyterian minister and professor of science and mathematics at Miami University.
Dr. Scott had been at Miami University for more than two decades when, in 1845, he and several other professors were fired after a dispute with the university president, George Junkin, over slavery; Junkin supported it and Scott and the others opposed it.
Her father next accepted a job teaching chemistry and physics at Farmer's College and moved the family to College Hill, near Cincinnati. There in 1848, Caroline met Benjamin Harrison, one of her father's freshman students. The two began a courtship but did not marry until 1853.
In 1849, the Scotts returned to Oxford, as Dr. Scott was selected as the first president of the Oxford Female Institute. It was held in the former Temperance Tavern, which he had purchased in 1841. Her mother Mary Neal Scott joined the school as its matron and the Head of Home Economics. Caroline enrolled as a student, studying English literature, theater, art, and painting. In her senior year in 1852, she joined the faculty as an Assistant in Piano Music.
Courtship
Benjamin Harrison, or "Ben" as he was known, had studied under Dr. Scott at Farmer's College for nearly two years. In 1850, he transferred to Miami University, both because of its strong academic program and to be near Caroline. The two fell in love. She often took Ben dancing against the wishes of his father, a strict Presbyterian who frowned on such activities.
In 1852, during the second semester of Ben's senior year, the couple became engaged. They decided to postpone their wedding while Benjamin studied law in the law office of Storer & Gwynne in Cincinnati, and she finished school. She graduated in 1852 with a degree in music. That year she moved to Carrollton, Kentucky to teach music. Suffering from pneumonia, she returned to Ohio soon afterward.
Marriage and family
Benjamin and Caroline were married on October 20, 1853, at her house, with her father officiating. She was 21 years old. The groom was 20. The newlyweds honeymooned at North Bend, Ohio. They lived at the Harrison family home for some time while they saved money. They settled in Indianapolis, Indiana, after Benjamin completed his law studies a year later and set up his first practice.
The first few years of marriage were a struggle. The couple rarely spent time together, as Benjamin worked to establish his law practice and was active in fraternal organizations to build up his business network. When Caroline became pregnant, she returned to Oxford to stay with her parents. Many young women went home for childbirth, to have their mother's experience. In 1854, her first child Russell was born.
She soon returned with him to Indianapolis. Not long after, a fire destroyed the Harrison house and all their belongings. The family managed to recover financially after Benjamin took a job handling cases for a local law firm whose founder had decided to run for office.
In 1858, Caroline gave birth to a daughter, Mary Scott. In addition to her two children, she had a daughter who was born in 1861.
Civil War
At the onset of the Civil War, both Caroline and Benjamin sought to help in the war effort. Caroline joined local groups such as the Ladies Patriotic Association and the Ladies Sanitary Committee, which helped care for wounded soldiers directly and raised money for their care and supplies. At the same time, she joined the church choir and raised their two children.
In 1862, Benjamin recruited a regiment of over 1,000 men from Indiana. Initially offered the command, he declined because of lack of experience and was commissioned as a second lieutenant. During the day, he trained his men, and at night he studied military strategy. After two years, he was commissioned as a colonel and led the men in numerous engagements in the east. In 1865, he was promoted to the rank of brigadier general.
After the war, he spent the next decade practicing law and getting involved in politics.
Wife of a politician
Benjamin ran for governor of Indiana in 1876 and lost. Five years later, in 1881, the Republican-dominated legislature elected him to the United States Senate (few states had popular elections for this office). He and the family moved to Washington, D.C. Caroline had suffered from poor health since her bout with pneumonia years earlier and did not participate much in social events in the capital. She supported charities and headed the Garfield Hospital Aid Society.
In 1888, the Republican Party nominated Harrison as its presidential candidate. That fall he defeated the incumbent Grover Cleveland.
First Lady of the United States
During the Harrison administration, their daughter Mary Harrison McKee, her two children; Caroline's father, and other relatives lived at the White House. The First Lady tried to have the overcrowded mansion enlarged, but was unsuccessful. She did secure $35,000 in appropriations from Congress to renovate the White House; and she oversaw an extensive project making up-to-date improvements.
She had the mansion purged of the problem of rodent and insect populations, laid new floors, installed new plumbing, painted and wallpapered, and added more bathrooms. In 1891 she had electricity installed but was too frightened to handle the switches. She left the lights on all night and a building engineer turned them off each morning.
In 1889 Caroline Harrison raised the first Christmas tree in the White House, as the custom was becoming more popular. She introduced the use of orchids as the official floral decoration at state receptions. A talented artist, she conducted china-painting classes in the White House for other women; it was a popular craft of the time.
With other ladies of progressive views, she helped raise funds for the Johns Hopkins University Medical School on the condition that it admit women.
The centennial of President Washington's inauguration in 1889 heightened the nation's interest in its heroic past, and in 1890 she lent her prestige as First Lady to the founding the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution (NSDAR) and served as its first President General. She took a special interest in the history of the White House.
She had a dog named Dash, who was a mixed breed collie. It was reported that he was always wanting to play with his owner, but Harrison couldn't because he feared his colleagues would think of him as less of a man.
Illness and death
The First Lady was noted for her elegant White House receptions and dinners. In late 1891, she began to battle tuberculosis, which at the time had no known treatment other than rest and good nutrition.
She tried to fulfill her social obligations but, after her condition worsened, she traveled to spend the summer of 1892 in the Adirondack Mountains. The air was considered healthful for TB patients. After her condition became terminal, she returned to the White House, where she died on October 25, 1892. Caroline Harrison was 60 years old at the time of her death. Preliminary services were held in the East Room, and her body was returned to Indianapolis for the final funeral at her church.
After the period of official mourning ended, the Harrisons' daughter Mary McKee took up the duties of hostess for her father during the last months of his term.
In 1896, Benjamin Harrison married his late wife's niece and former secretary, the widow Mary Scott Dimmick.
Children
The Harrisons had a son and a daughter:
Russell Benjamin Harrison (1854–1936) – engineer, soldier, lawyer, state legislator. Born in Oxford, Ohio, he graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering from Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania, in 1877. After brief employment with an Indianapolis gas company, he was appointed assistant assayer at the U.S. Mint in New Orleans and later assayer at Helena, Montana. In 1884, he married May Saunders, daughter of Senator Alvin Saunders of Nebraska. A man of varied interests, he raised livestock and published the Helena Daily Journal. He served as private secretary to his father during Harrison's term as president. Subsequently, he was president of a streetcar company in Terre Haute, Indiana. After serving as an officer in the Spanish–American War, Russell Harrison was appointed inspector general for the Santiago Territory and provost martial for Puerto Rico. Later he became a lawyer and served as Mexico's legal representative in the U.S. for many years. He was elected to and served in both houses of the Indiana state legislature.
Mary "Mamie" Scott Harrison-McKee (1858–1930). Born in Indianapolis, in 1884 she married J. Robert McKee, later a founder and vice president of General Electric Company. They had two children. She was assistant hostess at the White House during the Harrison administration, and became her father's unofficial First Lady after her mother's death.
See also
Letitia Christian Tyler
Ellen Axson Wilson
References
Original text based on White House biography
External links
"First Lady Biographies: Caroline Harrison", First Ladies Library website
Caroline Harrison at C-SPAN's First Ladies: Influence & Image
“'Underrated' First Lady Caroline Scott Harrison: Advocate for the Arts, Women's Interests, and Preservation of the White House", Indiana Historical Bureau
1832 births
1892 deaths
19th-century American educators
19th-century American women educators
19th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Benjamin Harrison
Burials at Crown Hill Cemetery
First Ladies of the United States
Daughters of the American Revolution people
Caroline
Tuberculosis deaths in Washington, D.C.
Miami University alumni
People from Oxford, Ohio
American women music educators
American music educators
is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Japan. He has previously competed in the MFJ All Japan Road Race GPMono Championship, the MFJ All Japan Road Race J-GP3 Championship and the Spanish Moto3 series.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
1994 births
Japanese motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
Moto3 World Championship riders
Mae Kha may refer to:
Mae Kha Subdistrict (50091000) (), a subdistrict in Fang District, Chiang Mai Province, Thailand
Mae Kha Subdistrict (50091100) (), a subdistrict in Fang District, Chiang Mai Province, Thailand
Mae Kha moat, a former stream and moat of the city of Chiang Mai, Thailand
See also
Mae Ka (disambiguation)
The 166th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is in South Eastern Pennsylvania and has been represented by Greg Vitali since 1993.
District profile
The 166th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Delaware County and Montgomery County and includes the following areas:
Delaware County
Haverford Township (PART, Wards 02, 03, 04, 05, 06, 07 and 08)
Radnor Township (PART)
Ward 01 [PART, Division 02]
Ward 02
Ward 03 [PART, Division 02]
Ward 05 [PART, Division 01]
Ward 07
Montgomery County
Lower Merion Township (PART)
Ward 04
Ward 08
Ward 10 [PART, Division 03]
Representatives
Recent election results
References
External links
District map from the United States Census Bureau
Pennsylvania House Legislative District Maps from the Pennsylvania Redistricting Commission.
Population Data for District 44 from the Pennsylvania Redistricting Commission.
Government of Delaware County, Pennsylvania
Government of Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
166
Julian Chavez (born May 31, 2002) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for USL League One club Central Valley Fuego.
Club career
Born in Sacramento, California, Chavez began his career as part of the Sacramento Republic youth academy before signing a USL Academy contract with the club's first team on March 6, 2020. Chavez then made his professional debut on August 9 in a USL Championship match against Portland Timbers 2, coming on as an 83rd-minute substitute for Sam Werner in the 1–0 victory. On September 2, he scored his first professional goal in the 96th minute against the Portland Timbers 2. His goal was the game winner in a 2–1 victory.
In February 2022, Chavez signed with USL League One side Central Valley Fuego ahead of their inaugural season.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Profile at the Sacramento Republic website
2002 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football midfielders
Sacramento Republic FC players
Central Valley Fuego FC players
USL Championship players
Soccer players from Sacramento, California
Sir Christopher Jeremy Morse KCMG (10 December 1928 – 4 February 2016) was an English banker, cruciverbalist and chess composer who was Chancellor of the University of Bristol from 1989 to 2003, and was chairman of Lloyds Bank.
Early life and education
Morse was born in 1928, only son (he had a younger sister) of Francis John Morse, of Lenwade House, Norwich, Norfolk, and his wife, Kinbarra, daughter of barrister Edward Armfield-Marrow. Francis John Morse- second son of Sir George Henry Morse, a brewer and Lord Mayor of Norwich from 1922 to 1923- was from a junior branch of the landed gentry Morse family of Lound, Suffolk.
Morse was educated at West Downs School, Winchester College, and New College, Oxford.
Career
A career banker, Morse began with Williams and Glyn's Bank and went on to be chairman of Lloyds Bank between 1977 and 1993. He served on the Board of the Bank of England as an executive director from 1965 to 1972, and as a non-executive from 1993 to 1997. He was also the first Chairman of the International Monetary Fund's Committee of Twenty (C20). In the 1975 New Year Honours, he was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) "for services to the reform of the international monetary system".
He had a keen interest in cryptic crosswords and was a skilful writer of clues. His record of success in the clue-writing competitions of Ximenes and Azed was such that Azed's December 2008 Competition puzzle was dedicated to the occasion of his eightieth birthday. He had puzzles published under the pseudonym "Esrom" (his surname in reverse).
In addition to crosswords, Morse had an interest in other types of word puzzles, and was a frequent contributor to Word Ways: The Journal of Recreational Linguistics. He was also a chess writer and wrote a book called Chess Problems: Tasks and Records.
Colin Dexter's fictional detective, Inspector Morse, was named after him.
In 2006 Morse was awarded the title of World Federation for Chess Composition Honorary Master.
He was an honorary fellow of New College, Oxford, and of All Souls College, Oxford. He died on 4 February 2016 at the age of 87.
Personal life
In 1955, he married Belinda Marianne, daughter of Lt-Colonel Robert Breynton Yarnton Mills, OBE, MC, of the landed gentry Mills family of Sudgrove; they had three sons and two daughters (one of whom died young). Lady Morse died in 2017.
References
External links
1928 births
Alumni of New College, Oxford
Chancellors of the University of Bristol
Fellows of All Souls College, Oxford
Fellows of New College, Oxford
2016 deaths
People educated at West Downs School
People educated at Winchester College
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
People associated with the Bank of England
English bankers
Crossword compilers
Chess composers
Chairmen of Lloyds Banking Group
British chairpersons of corporations
20th-century English businesspeople
Rathenow () is a railway station on the Berlin–Lehrte railway located in Rathenow, in the Havelland, Germany. It is used by about 3,300 passengers daily.
The station consists of the main building, located on the Dunckerplatz ("Duncker place"), later partly renamed as the Bahnhofsvorplatz (“station forecourt”), a disused water tower and the former entrance building for the German Emperor, which now serves as a tourist information office and a bike rental agency. The station also has a platform subway connecting to platform tracks 3 and 4, which are used by the Brandenburg Towns Railway (Brandenburgische Städtebahn), a parking area with 133 spaces and parking for 80 bicycles, 20 of which are covered.
Rathenow station also included a terminus of the former 750 mm gauge Rathenow-Senzke-Nauen District Railway (Kreisbahn Rathenow-Senzke-Nauen). Outside the station there are still remnants of the tracks of the District Railway, which are heritage-listed. The also listed remains of the Brandenburg Towns Railway, including the reception building, are on the south side of the station.
History
Rathenow station was built as part of the construction of the Berlin-Lehrte railway in 1870. The station building was built of Rathenow brick.
The Rathenow Senzke-Nauen District Railway was opened in 1900. With the opening of the Brandenburg Towns Railway in 1904, Rathenow became a small railway junction. All three railway companies operated separate parts of the station: the narrow gauge railway to Nauen ran from the station forecourt and the Brandenburg Towns Railway had its own station building south of the platforms of the Lehrte railway.
The most important line was the Lehrte railway, which carried a large part of the traffic from Berlin to the west. The first major redesign of the station forecourt began in 1936.
After the Second World War, operations ended on the narrow-gauge railway from Rathenow to Senzke and the section of the track near the station was dismantled. One track of the Lehrte railway was dismantled for reparations. With the division of Germany, the importance of traffic on the line from Berlin to the West Germany via Magdeburg fell.
Even before Die Wende, both German states planned to build a high-speed line between Hanover and Berlin. After German reunification, the project was promoted as a "German Unity Transport Project" (Verkehrsprojekt Deutsche Einheit). As a result, the station was completely rebuilt in the mid-1990s. During the upgrade from 1995 until 1998, the line from Rathenow towards Berlin was completely blockaded and the trains from Stendal were terminated at this time in Rathenow station. A new separate two-track electrified high-speed railway was built. In Rathenow station this meant building the new tracks between the platforms and the station building. The station building gained a glazed extension next to the tracks. The old track was retained on most sections and has since been used for freight and regional services. In the eastern and the western parts of Rathenow station, connecting tracks have been established between the high speed line and the platforms.
The traffic on the section of the Brandenburg Towns Railway between Rathenow Nord (north) and Neustadt (Dosse) was closed on 31 December 2001, but operations continued between Rathenow and Rathenow Nord until 2003.
From 2003 to 2005, the Brandenburg Towns Railway between Rathenow and Brandenburg was completely blockaded and rehabilitated. In 2005 and 2006, parts of the station forecourt were renewed and transformed for the State Garden Show (Landesgartenschau).
Passenger services
Until the Second World War, the Lehrte railway was an important long-distance connection between Berlin and parts of Germany to the west of Rathenow. Some express trains stopped in Rathenow.
After 1945, the importance of the line for passenger declined significantly as express trains stopped running on it. Until the building of the Berlin Wall in 1961, there were passenger trains from Rathenow to Staaken on the border with West Berlin, where it was possible to change to the Berlin S-Bahn. It was then only possible for trains to reach Rathenow from East Berlin via the Berlin outer ring, with a reversal in Wustermark, and there were only two direct express services a day between Berlin, Rathenow and Stendal.
After 1990, Rathenow had rail services until 1995, when the line was blockaded for the reconstruction of the line. Express trains from Berlin to Amsterdam stopped at the station during this period. After the opening of the high-speed line in 1998, the station was served every two hours from 1998 by an InterRegio service. Direct Regional-Express trains have run directly to Berlin at hourly intervals since then. Stops for long-distance were temporarily resumed in 2008 and 2009, when no regional trains could run to Stendal due to the construction of the new bridge over the Havel.
The station is served by the following service(s):
Regional services Rathenow - Wustermark - Berlin - Ludwigsfelde - Jüterbog
Local services Stendal - Rathenow
Local services Rathenow - Brandenburg
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Buildings and structures in Havelland (district)
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1870
1870 establishments in Prussia
is a Japanese icebreaker that serves as a museum ship in Tokyo after a long and storied service spanning some of the 20th century's historic events. It is named for Sōya Subprefecture in Hokkaido.
Construction
The vessel was built as Volochaevets, commissioned by the Soviets in 1936 from the Matsuo shipyard, on Nagasaki's Koyagi Island, as part-payment for Japan's construction of the South Manchuria Railway (also known as the Chinese Eastern Railway). Two other ice-strengthened cargo ships were ordered at the same time, Bolshevik and Komsomolets. All three were built but, owing to the worsening state of Japan-Soviet relations by that time, the ships were never delivered. Volochaevets was launched from the now renamed Kawaminami Shipyard in February 1938. She was completed as an ice-breaking cargo freighter for the Tatsunan Kisen Co. and was renamed Chiryō Maru. Bolshevik and Komsomolets were renamed Minryo Maru (民領丸) and Tenryo Maru (地領丸).
War role
In November 1939 the Imperial Japanese Navy requisitioned Chiryo Maru for national service. In February 1940 she was renamed Sōya, a name previously held by the former Varyag, an armoured cruiser seized from Imperial Russia but which Japan returned in 1916. The icebreaker Sōya was assigned duties as an auxiliary ammunition supply and survey vessel. In May 1942, she participated in the Battle of Midway (Operation "MI") where she was assigned to Miyamoto Sadachika's 16th Minesweeper Unit (along with auxiliary minesweepers Showa Maru No. 8, Tama Maru No. 3, Tama Maru No. 5, Showa Maru No. 7; submarine chasers CH-16, CH-17, and CH-18; cargo ships Meiyo Maru and Yamafuku Maru). She survived the Second World War, albeit with multiple close calls. In January 1943 Sōya was attacked by . The torpedoes either missed or proved to be duds: Sōyas crew hoisted one undetonated torpedo onto the deck in celebration. In the February 1944 Operation Hailstone, aircraft from TF58 attacked the Japanese anchorage at Truk, sinking 41 Japanese vessels. Sōya escaped but ran aground as she did so. Ten crewmembers were killed. On 26 June 1945 the submarine attacked a convoy escorting Sōya and other transport ships from Yokohama to Hakodate, sinking an escort vessel and disabling one transport ship. On 9 August 1945 Sōya was at anchor in Onagawa Bay as part of a flotilla with other vessels when British bombers attacked from the air, sinking at least two of them.
Post-war
After the war, with Japan in defeat and needing to repatriate millions of individuals from its former colonies, Sōya was removed from the navy list and was assigned duties with the nation's repatriation fleet. Modifications at this time included removal of her guns and the installation of facilities for passengers such as toilets in what had been her large forward and aft cargo holds. Spacious wooden accommodation was also built on deck. She undertook numerous missions embarking troops and passengers, including calls at Shanghai, Tinian and Guam. In light of her ice-breaking ability, she was also assigned northerly missions and by 1948 had made 14 voyages to and from Sakhalin (the former Karafuto), evacuating citizens by agreement with the new authorities from what had become part of the Soviet Union.
(Sōya should not be confused during this period with Soya Maru, one of three ice-strengthened passenger ferries that operated on the Japan National Railways maritime Chihaku Line between Odomari, the present-day Korsakov in Sakhalin, and Wakkanai in Hokkaido from 1923 to August 1945.)
In 1949, her repatriation duties ceased and Sōya was transferred to the Maritime Safety Agency, the precursor to the Japan Coast Guard. In a new role supplying remote lighthouses she is reputed to have become known in some circles as the 'Santa Claus of the Sea'.
Antarctic research vessel
In 1950 the ship received a comprehensive refit in preparation for service as Japan's first dedicated Antarctic research ship. In 1956 further modifications included the replacement of her steam engine with twin diesel engines and the installation of a helicopter deck with the ability to store light helicopters for voyage. In 1957 her forward gunwale was built up and 1958 a further refit added a second, larger helicopter deck above the earlier one, which became a vast new storage space. Between 1956 and 1962 Sōya undertook missions to the Antarctic. Her second voyage, in 1958, made headlines worldwide when she rescued personnel stranded at the Showa research station in the face of approaching winter. The evacuation did not extend to the mission's dogs, and 15 Karafuto-Ken huskies were abandoned to fend for themselves on the ice. The following spring the ship returned to find two dogs still alive. The mutts, named Taro and Jiro, became bywords in Japan for fortitude. The story travelled worldwide thanks in part to two movies: Nankyoku Monogatari (lit. "South Pole Story"; released in the U.S. as Antarctica) and a treatment by Disney in the Hollywood film Eight Below. Sōya herself experienced hardship during her time in the Antarctic, including becoming stuck in the ice and needing assistance from the nearby Russian icebreaker Ob.
Icebreaking rescue vessel
When retired from Antarctic duties, Sōya became an ice-breaking rescue ship for Japan's Maritime Safety Agency. Sōya was based during this period in Hokkaido.
Museum ship
Sōya was fully decommissioned in 1978. Her last mission was a farewell tour to communities she had served, including the port of Hakodate, and photographs exist from this period of well-wishers swarming the ship before her departure. In 1979 Sōya was moored alongside at the Museum of Maritime Science, Tokyo, and remains open to the public as a museum ship, open daily and generally closed only when typhoons threaten Tokyo. She remains in largely original condition. Her propellers have been removed and placed on deck but her interior is largely intact from Antarctic exploration days. However, as a result of modifications made in the 1950s her superstructure has changed considerably from her appearance during World War II. Gone are the tall funnel and aft crane assembly, while the addition of a helicopter landing deck and higher forward gunwales give her a beefier appearance than the cargo ship she started out as.
Notes and references
Patrol vessels of the Japan Coast Guard
Exploration ships
World War II auxiliary ships of Japan
Merchant ships of Japan
Research vessels of Japan
Museum ships in Japan
1938 ships
Japanese Antarctic Program
Ships built in Japan
Tradescantia hirsutiflora, commonly called hairyflower spiderwort, is a species of plant in the spiderwort family that is native to the south-central United States of America.
References
hirsutiflora
Flora of the Southeastern United States
Flora of the South-Central United States
Flora of the North-Central United States
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The Pacific royal flycatcher (Onychorhynchus occidentalis) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tityridae according to the International Ornithological Committee (IOC). It is found in western Ecuador and northwestern Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The IOC considers the Pacific royal flycatcher and three other royal flycatcher taxa to be separate species and places them in the family Tityridae. The South American Classification Committee of the American Ornithological Society (SACC-AOS) and the Clements taxonomy consider the four to be subspecies of the widespread royal flycatcher (Onychorhynchus coronatus sensu lato). SACC-AOS places O. coronatus in family Onychorhynchidae and includes four other flycatcher species in that family. Clements places it in family Oxyruncidae and includes those four, one other flycatcher, and the sharpbill. IOC considers all of them to be in Tityridae.
The Pacific royal flycatcher is monotypic.
Description
The Pacific royal flycatcher is long. One female specimen weighed . The species is bright tawny brown above and yellow-orange below. The rump and tail are buffy cinnamon. The bill is long and broad. It has an erectile fan-shaped crest that is red in the male and yellow in the female.
Distribution and habitat
The Pacific royal flycatcher is found in western Ecuador discontinuously from Esmeraldas Province to El Oro Province and slightly into Peru's Department of Tumbes. It inhabits humid lowlands, both primary evergreen and second growth forests. It is a bird of the midstory, often along streams.
Behavior
Feeding
All of the royal flycatchers are insectivorous.
Breeding
A Pacific royal flycatcher's active nest was found in Ecuador in January. The nest is long and narrow and is suspended from a branch or vine, usually above water. The clutch is two eggs; only the female incubates them and broods and feeds the nestlings.
Vocalization
The Pacific royal flycatcher is usually inconspicuous and quiet. Its song is "a descending, slowing series of plaintive whistles" and its call a repeated "keeeyup or keee-yew" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Pacific royal flycatcher as being Vulnerable. "Rapid rates of deforestation have reduced this species's now small and severely fragmented range and population."
References
Pacific royal flycatcher
Birds of Ecuador
Pacific royal flycatcher
Pacific royal flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dana (IV) is the primary Danish research vessel. It entered service in 1981, where it replaced the research vessel Dana (III). Originally built for the Danish Fisheries and Marine Research, but transferred to the National Institute for Aquatic Resources under the Danish Technical University in 2007.
The ship is rigged as a deep sea stern trawler and fully equipped with facilities for fisheries and hydrographical research. Primary areas of operation are the Baltic Sea, North Sea and Greenland.
It is expected to remain in active service until replaced by a new research vessel, Dana (V), in 2025.
References
Research vessels of Denmark
Ships built in Denmark
1980 ships
Amy Ellen Richlin (born December 12, 1951) is a professor in the Department of Classics at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA). Her specialist areas include Latin literature, the history of sexuality, and feminist theory.
Early life
Born in Hackensack, New Jersey on December 12, 1951, to parents Samuel Richlin and Sylvia Richlin, her grandparents all immigrated to the US from Lithuania and Belarus. Neither of her parents were in the classic field with her father pursuing careers in music, poetry and butchery and her mother being a typist and secretary, most notably to Manie Sacks.
Academic career
Richlin studied at Smith College, then transferred to Princeton University in 1970, graduating in 1973 as part of the first co-ed class to study there, where she then went on to found The Princeton University Women's Crew and then studied for her PhD at Yale University writing her dissertation on "Sexual Terms and Themes in Roman Satire and Related Genres". Since 1977, she has taught at Rutgers University (1977–1979), Dartmouth College (1979–1982), Lehigh University (1982–1989), and the University of Southern California (1989–2005), before moving to the University of California at Los Angeles. She retired from the University of California at Los Angeles after 45 years of teaching in 2022.
Published works
Her first book was The Garden of Priapus: Sexuality and Aggression in Roman Humor (1983; rev 1992). She developed the theme in collected works including Pornography and Representation in Greece and Rome (1992), and Feminist Theory and the Classics (co-edited with Nancy Sorkin Rabinowitz, 1993). She has publicly cited Australian classical scholar Suzanne Dixon as a great influence in shaping her work on gender politics. Richlin was the first to publish the word 'fuck' in the journal Classical Philology.
In Rome and the Mysterious Orient, Richlin translated three works – Curculio, Persa and Poenulus – by the Roman playwright Plautus (notably using "references taken right out of American pop culture" to make Plautus more understandable to modern audiences). For example, the conventionally translated text:
The lover that first set out on the highways of love with an empty purse went in for harder labours than Hercules
was translated by Richlin as:
The dude who first set out to go on the road of love without no dough, / this guy had to go through way more shit than all them Labors of Hercules."
Her translation of Plautus' Rudens was adapted in a play Tug of War performed at the Getty Villa in 2007.
Richlin also engaged on a long-term project on the amatory letters of the young Marcus Aurelius and his teacher, Cornelius Fronto, with Marcus Aurelius in Love published in 2007.
Awards and achievements
ACLS Travel Grant (1987)
National Endowment for the Humanities Fellowship (1987-1988)
Women's Classical Caucus Prize (1992)
Mortar Board Faculty of the Month (September, 1995)
USC Associate Award for Excellence in Teaching (1996)
ACLS Fellowship (2003-2004)
Visiting Membership of High Table, Newnham College, Cambridge (2004)
Loeb Foundation Fellowship (2010-2011)
Lambda Classical Caucus Rehak Award (2011)
Women's Classical Caucus Leadership Award (2017)
References
Yale University alumni
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
American feminist writers
Living people
American classical scholars
Women classical scholars
Smith College alumni
Princeton University alumni
Rutgers University faculty
Dartmouth College faculty
Lehigh University faculty
University of Southern California faculty
1951 births
Classical scholars of the University of California, Los Angeles
Namak Kur (, also Romanized as Namak Kūr; also known as Namakho, Namak Kavīr, and Namak Khūr) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. As of the 2006 census, its population was 813, in 232 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
So Many Ways/If the Whole World Stopped Lovin' is an album by American country singer Eddy Arnold, released in 1973 on the MGM Records label. The album reached #32 in the US Country chart. Two singles from the album charted, “So Many Ways” which reached #28 in the US country chart and #15 in the Canadian country chart, and “If the Whole World Stopped Lovin'" which reached #56 and #76 in the US and Canadian country charts respectively.
Track listing
Source:
"So Many Ways" (Bobby Stevenson) – 2:50
"Some Sunday Morning" (M.K. Jerome, Ray Heindorf, Ted Koehler) – 2:58
"Only You (And You Alone)" (Buck Ram, Ande Rand) – 2:28
"Once in a While" (Michael Edwards, Bud Green) – 2:50
"Among My Souvenirs" (Edgar Leslie, Horatio Nicholls) – 3:09
"If the Whole World Stopped Lovin'" (Ben Peters) – 2:33
"My Special Angel" (Jimmy Duncan) – 2:42
"At the End of a Long Long Day" (Johnny Marvin, Billy Moll) – 2:20
"I Almost Lost My Mind" (Ivory Joe Hunter) – 2:06
"My Son I Wish You Everything" (Clyde Otis, Lou Stallman) – 3:17
Production
Produced by: Mike Curb, Don Costa
Arranged by: Don Costa, Bob Summers
Background vocals: The Mike Curb Congregation
References
1973 albums
MGM Records albums
Eddy Arnold albums
Albums produced by Mike Curb
Albums produced by Don Costa
LBH may refer to:
Late Biblical Hebrew
LBH (gene)
London Borough of Hackney
London Borough of Haringey
London Borough of Harrow
London Borough of Havering
London Borough of Hillingdon
London Borough of Hounslow
Lyman–Birge–Hopfield bands, see absorption band
Palm Beach Water Airport (IATA airport code "LBH")
The following page lists all of the power stations operating in the Republic of Ireland.
Power plants
The table below gives a detailed overview of the fossil-fuel based power plants operating in Ireland in 2017. The data is publicly available and updated annually by the Irish Transmission System Operator (TSO), EirGrid, in its Generation Adequacy Report. In total there was 6609 MW of power plants available in 2017.
[1] To be shut by 2023
[2] To be shut by 2022
[3] Planning permission extended to end 2023
[4] PSO levy runs out in 2019
Renewable
Non-Dispatchable plants
This table outlines the type and capacity of non-dispatchable renewable energy generation in Ireland, which was over 3 GW in 2015. In 2010 it was 1223 MW. The vast majority of it is generated by Irish wind farms.
Hydroelectric
Former power stations
New power stations were commissioned in the 1950s to meet the increasing demand for electricity. These included the following.
See also
East-West Interconnector
List of power stations in Europe
List of the largest power stations in the world
Pumped-storage hydroelectricity
References
Ireland
Power stations
Nathanael Greene Herreshoff (March 18, 1848 – June 2, 1938) was an American naval architect, mechanical engineer, and yacht design innovator. He produced a succession of undefeated America's Cup defenders between 1893 and 1920.
Biography
Herreshoff was born on March 18, 1848, in Bristol, Rhode Island and was named after General Nathanael Greene. He was one of seven brothers.
He graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1870 with a three-year degree in mechanical engineering. After graduation, he took a position with the Corliss Steam Engine Company in Providence, Rhode Island. At the 1876 Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he oversaw operation of the Corliss Stationary Engine, a , dynamo that powered the exhibition's machinery.
In 1878 Herreshoff returned to Bristol where he and one of his brothers, John Brown Herreshoff (1841–1915), who was blind, formed the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company. Nathanael provided the engineering expertise and John provided the business expertise, managing the firm's personnel and interacting with clients. Together, they grew the business from about 20 employees to over 400. In 1888, a serious accident occurred while Herreshoff was supervising speed trials of a , steamboat named Say When. After a safety valve opened to release over-pressure, Herreshoff closed it so the boat could achieve its anticipated maximum speed. But a boiler exploded, fatally injuring a member of the crew. Consequently, Herreshoff lost his steam engineer's license.
Herreshoff was an accomplished sailor, and was inducted into the National Sailing Hall of Fame in 2011. Two of Herreshoff's sons, Sidney Dewolf Herreshoff and Lewis Francis Herreshoff, also became yacht designers.
He died on June 2, 1938, in Bristol, Rhode Island.
Yacht building
While the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company's early work centered on steam-powered vessels, by the 1890s the Herreshoffs turned to the design and construction of yachts for wealthy American clients, including Jay Gould, William Randolph Hearst, John Pierpont Morgan, Cornelius Vanderbilt III, Harold Stirling Vanderbilt, William Kissam Vanderbilt II, Harry Payne Whitney and Alexander Smith Cochran. Herreshoff boat production incorporated power tools that increased productivity at a high level of quality, using craftsmen that received the highest boat-builder wages in the state of Rhode Island.
Herreshoff was noted as an innovative sailboat designer of his time. His designs ranged from the 12½, a 16-foot (12½ foot waterline) sailboat for training the children of yachtsmen, to the 144-foot America's Cup Reliance, with a sail area of 16,000 square feet. He received the first US patent for a sailing catamaran. The firm built the America's Cup winning Cup yachts Enterprise (1930), and Rainbow (1934), designed by Starling Burgess. Every winning America's Cup Yacht from 1893 to 1934 was built by the Herreshoff yard.
The 123-foot Defender featured steel-framing, bronze plating up to the waterline and aluminum topsides to achieve a lighter and faster boat. This combination of materials had been pioneered in the French fresh-water racing yacht Vendenesse, which had been described in a New York Times article and caught the attention of the Vanderbilt Americacup syndicate. In salt water, Defender was subject to galvanic corrosion, which limited its durability in water. Defender won the America's Cup in 1895 over Lord Dunraven's Valkyrie III, and she was used as an effective trial-horse for Herreshoff's new Cup defender Columbia in 1899. She was broken up in 1901.
Those of the 2,000-plus designs by Herreshoff that survive are sought by connoisseurs of classic yachts. Herreshoff S-Class sailboats, designed in 1919 and built until 1941, are still actively raced in Narragansett Bay, Buzzards Bay and Western Long Island Sound (Larchmont, New York). His 12½ design of 1914 is still being built and raced in New England as well. The New York 30 is well regarded as a one-design racer/cruiser.
In the 1942 the shipyard built wooden hull APc-1-class small coastal transports to support the World War II demand for ships.
The Herreshoff Marine Museum preserves Herreshoff's legacy at the former site of the Herreshoff Manufacturing Co.
Notable vessels
Steam vessels
Lightning—the US Navy's first purpose-built torpedo boat—a speed record breaking steam launch with a spar torpedo, 1876.
Sailing vessels
In the last quarter of the 19th century, Herreshoff constructed a double-hulled sailing boat of his own design (US Pat. No. 189,459). The craft, Amaryllis, raced at her maiden regatta on June 22, 1876, and performed exceedingly well. Her debut demonstrated the distinct performance advantages afforded by catamarans over the standard monohulls. It was as a result of this event, the Centennial Regatta of the New York Yacht Club, that catamarans were barred from regular sailing classes, and this remained the case until the 1970s.
In 1892 he builds Wee Win a ½ rater for Winifred Sutton, daughter of Sir Richard Sutton, 5th Baronet, whose yacht Genesta had been beaten in the 1885 America's cup by Puritan. Wee Win was very successful racing on the Solent, leading to several follow-up orders from British Yachtswomen and Yachtsmen.
Amaryllis – sailing catamaran, 1876
Tarantella – catamaran, 1877
Westward – racing yacht, 1910
Helianthus III, 1924
Herreshoff Bull's Eye
Herreshoff 12½
America's Cup yachts
Herreshoff designed and built the following America's Cup contenders. All won the series against their challengers. Herreshoff was the helmsman of Vigilant.
Vigilant, 1893
Defender, 1895
Columbia, 1899 & 1901
Reliance, 1903
Resolute, 1920
Technical achievements
According to his son's biography, Herreshoff's achievements include:
Built the first torpedo boat for the U.S. Navy.
Developed bulb and fin keels for large boats.
Updated the sail track and slide.
Invented the crosscut sail, with panels running at right angles to the leech, in order to combat cotton canvas' tendency to distort under load.
See also
Herreshoff Marine Museum
References
Bibliography
Herreshoff, Nathanael G. Recollections and Other Writings (Bristol, RI: Herreshoff Marine Museum)
Herreshoff, Nathanael G. and William Picard Stephens, annotated by John W. Streeter, Nathanael Greene Herreshoff, William Picard Stephens: Their Last Letters 1930-1938 (Bristol, RI: Herreshoff Marine Museum) 1998.
External links
Herreshoff Marine Museum / America's Cup Hall of Fame
1848 births
1938 deaths
American yacht designers
Multihull designers
America's Cup yacht designers
American naval architects
MIT School of Engineering alumni
People from Bristol, Rhode Island
Herreshoff family
Engineers from Rhode Island
Thordisa rubescens is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Discodorididae.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1981
Beaverton North Aerodrome is a registered aerodrome located northeast of Beaverton, Ontario, Canada.
References
Registered aerodromes in Ontario
Uhuru Gardens Memorial Park is a commemorative park in Nairobi, Kenya that celebrates independence from the British Empire in 12 December 1963. The word "uhuru" is Swahili for "freedom". It contains three points of significance:
The Mũgumo tree (Ficus sycomorus), purportedly planted in the exact location the Union Jack, or more likely the former Flag of the Colony of Kenya, was removed and the Flag of Kenya was placed. The tree is also of significance to the Kikuyu people.
The independence commemorative monument, built in 1973, is a twenty-four meter high column, supporting a pair of clasped hands and a dove of peace. This point celebrates the declaration of independence at midnight, 12 December 1963. It also celebrates the inauguration of Kenya's first president, Jomo Kenyatta, in the same night. On one side of this monument is a statue of soldiers raising the Kenyan flag.
A fountain celebrating "Twenty-Five years of Uhuru – peace, love and unity monument".
References
Tourist attractions in Nairobi
Parks in Kenya
Zammeh and Zameh and Zemeh () may refer to:
Zammeh, Razavi Khorasan
Zemeh, West Azerbaijan
Chronicle Books is a San Francisco-based American publisher of books for adults and children.
The company was established in 1967 by Phelps Dewey, an executive with Chronicle Publishing Company, then-publisher of the San Francisco Chronicle. In 1999 it was bought by Nion McEvoy, great-grandson of M. H. de Young, founder of the Chronicle, from other family members who were selling off the company's assets. At the time Chronicle Books had a staff of 130 and published 300 books per year, with a catalog of more than 1,000 books.
In 2000 McEvoy set up the McEvoy Group as a holding company. In 2008, Chronicle acquired Handprint Books.
Publications
Chronicle Books publishes books in subjects such as architecture, art, culture, interior design, cooking, children's books, gardening, pop culture, fiction, food, travel, and photography.
It has published a number of New York Times Best Sellers; the Griffin and Sabine series by Nick Bantock, Me Without You by Lisa Swerling and Ralph Lazar, Duck! Rabbit! by Amy Krouse Rosenthal and Olive, the Other Reindeer by Vivian Walsh.
Other best sellers have included The Beatles Anthology, What's Your Poo Telling You?, Mom and Dad are Palindromes by Mark Shulman, the Worst-Case Scenario series by Joshua Piven and David Borgenicht, the children's series Ivy and Bean by Annie Barrows, All My Friends Are Dead, and Papa, Do You Love Me and Golden Kite Award winner Mama, Do You Love Me by Barbara M. Joosse. In March 2006 the company published Between the Bridge and the River, a novel by Craig Ferguson.
Chronicle Books has published at least 25 books in The Art of... series that showcase the evolution of artwork and stories of animated films, including many by Walt Disney Animation Studios, Pixar, DreamWorks and Blue Sky Studios.
The company also sells custom publishing service and gift accessories (such as desktop calendars), and operates three retail stores in San Francisco – including one in the base of their corporate headquarters near AT&T Park.
In the late 2010s, they published two Jenny Parks books Star Trek Cats (2017) and Star Trek: The Next Generation Cats (2018).
McEvoy Group
In addition to Chronicle Books, McEvoy Group also owns:
Princeton Architectural Press
Galison/Mudpuppy, acquired in 2012
Galison, a stationery and gifts publisher
Mudpuppy, a publisher of puzzles, games, and toys
I See Me!, a publisher of personalized books acquired in 2014
In 2006 the McEvoy Group purchased Spin magazine in connection with the owners of San Francisco's 7x7 magazine and California Home+Design. McEvoy sold off the magazines by 2014.
See also
:Category:Chronicle Books books
References
External links
Chronicle Books website
Publishing companies established in 1967
Companies based in San Francisco
Visual arts publishing companies
Book publishing companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
1967 establishments in California
The white-lored tyrannulet (Ornithion inerme) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical swamps.
References
white-lored tyrannulet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
white-lored tyrannulet
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Flea may refer to:
The Flea (poem) by the metaphysical poet John Donne
The Flea (online poetry journal)
The Flea (fairy tale), a fairy tale by Giambattista Basile
The Flea (horse) (1846–1856), British thoroughbred racehorse
The Flea (character), a character from the TV show ¡Mucha Lucha!
The Flea 88.2, a radio station based in Devonport, Auckland, New Zealand
The Jonathon Hulton Bridge, built in 1908, was the first major bridge designed by Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. Spanning the Allegheny River, it connected the eastern Pittsburgh suburbs of Oakmont and Harmarville, Pennsylvania. The bridge was demolished successfully with explosives at 9:49 a.m. on January 26, 2016.
History
The bridge was a Parker Pratt through Truss bridge. These bridges were common in the early 20th century for car and rail traffic. The bridge is named for Jonathon Hulton, one of the first landowners in the Oakmont area. The Hulton family also operated a ferry across the Allegheny River near the current bridge location until its construction.
In 1989 the PA Legislature approved the renaming of the bridge in honor of the late Pennsylvania Representative Joseph F. Bonetto. Plaques were unceremoniously attached to the bridge, and three days later they were removed and never seen again. New larger plaques were put in their place confirming that it was indeed the Jonathon Hulton Bridge. Prior to its implosion, the Hulton Bridge was painted a lavender color, a byproduct of the 1991 refurbishment of the bridge.
The last reported crossing of the bridge was by Andy Galata and Jerry Lyons in a BMW Convertible. There is a video record of this Titled Memory on the Raidervision Youtube Page
Replacement project
Construction of a 1600-foot-long steel multi-girder replacement bridge just upstream of the original bridge began in September 2013. The new bridge, which opened to traffic on October 20, 2015, has four 11-foot-wide traffic lanes (2 in each direction), one 4-foot-wide median, one 4-foot-wide shoulder on each side of the roadway, and a 5-foot-wide ADA-compliant sidewalk on the bridge's southern side. The old bridge was demolished on January 26, 2016.
Aside from the new bridge itself, the scope of the $65 million replacement project also includes realignment and reconstruction of parts of Freeport and Hulton roads, relocation of utilities, drainage, pavement markings, and improvements to intersections, lighting, traffic signals, curbs, and sidewalks. Six buildings on the Harmar side of the river were demolished to facilitate construction. The entire project, including implosion of the original bridge, was completed in spring 2016, in time for the 2016 U.S. Open at nearby Oakmont Country Club.
The replacement span was designed by Pennsylvania-based engineering firms Gannett Fleming and McCormick Taylor. Brayman Construction Corporation of Saxonburg, Pennsylvania is the general contractor for the project. Roughly 80% of the project's funding was provided by the federal government.
In 2009, when PennDOT announced the plan to replace and demolish the old bridge, engineering students from Carnegie Mellon University proposed to instead convert it into a pedestrian walkway and connect Oakmont to the Allegheny River Trail. However, it was determined that this conversion would be too costly, and that the old bridge would be demolished as originally planned.
The old bridge was imploded successfully at 9:50 a.m. on January 26, 2016. The implosion could be seen from the Harmar Bald Eagle Camera.
See also
List of crossings of the Allegheny River
External links
Hulton Bridge at Pghbridges.com
Hulton Bridge at bridgehunter.com
Replacement project website
References
Bridges over the Allegheny River
Bridges in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Road bridges in Pennsylvania
Bridges completed in 1908
Buildings and structures demolished in 2016
1908 establishments in Pennsylvania
2016 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Steel bridges in the United States
Parker truss bridges in the United States
The Ice Palace is a 6,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Cherepovets, Russia. It was opened in 2007. It replaced Sports-Concert Hall Almaz as the home of Russian ice hockey team Severstal Cherepovets.
History
The decision to build a new ice arena was made in 2003. It was first announced by the governor of the Vologda Region Vyacheslav Pozgalev at the opening of the hockey season on September 12, 2003 after Severstal's victory over Metallurg Novokuznetsk. April 8, 2005 Vyacheslav Pozgalev took part in the ceremony of laying the first stone.
The palace was built by Skanska, which has previously been involved in the construction of ice sports complexes in St. Petersburg and Yaroslavl. At first, the sports complex was supposed to be called "Olympic", but this name was not liked by many Cherepovets and the International Olympic Committee.
On November 4, 2006, on the Day of the City of Cherepovets, the Ice Palace received its first visitors. Honored Master of Sports Vladislav Tretyak, President of the Russian Ski Racing Federation Vladimir Loginov were guests of honor at the opening ceremony. Olympic champions in figure skating Tatyana Navka and Roman Kostomarov took part in the gala concert.
The first hockey match at the new arena took place on November 15, 2006 between the teams Severstal and Siberia and ended with a score of 5:3 in favor of the hosts.
List of Celebrities Venues in Arena
Danko
Lesopoval
Mikhail Shufutinsky
Igor Nikolayev
Lyube
Edwin Marton
Vladimir Kuzmin
Lera Masskva
Korni band
band Fabrika
Ottawan
Sergey Minayev
Bad Boys Blue
Eros Band
Alexander Buinov
Nikolai Noskov
band Bi-2
MakSim
band Mirage
Technology band
Morandi
Accent
group Zolotoe_Koltso
Boney M.
Stas Mikhailov
Grigory Leps
Mashina Vremeni
Group DDT
Philip Kirkorov
Group "Leningrad"
External links
Official website of Ice Palace
Photos of new arena
Source
This page has been translated from Russian wikipedia, article Ледовый дворец (Череповец), version 121882230.
Indoor ice hockey venues in Russia
Indoor arenas in Russia
Music venues in Russia
Severstal Cherepovets
Buildings and structures in Vologda Oblast
Kontinental Hockey League venues
Libby, Montana is a 2004 documentary film about the biggest case of community-wide exposure to a toxic substance in U.S. history. The film details the story of the iconic mountainside town of Libby, Montana and the hundreds of residents who have been exposed to asbestos, raising questions of the role of corporate power in American politics.
Libby, Montana was directed, produced, and edited by Drury Gunn Carr and Doug Hawes-Davis and was aired as part of PBS's Point of View series in 2007.
See also
Alice - A Fight For Life, a 1982 British television documentary about asbestos exposure.
References
External links
P.O.V. Libby, Montana - PBS's site dedicated to the film
2004 films
POV (TV series) films
Documentary films about environmental issues
Asbestos
Documentary films about mining
2004 documentary films
Films shot in Montana
Lincoln County, Montana
Documentary films about Montana
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Guo Songtao (; 11 April 1818 – 18 July 1891) was a Chinese diplomat and statesman during the Qing dynasty. He was among the first foreign emissaries to be sent abroad by the Qing government, as a result of the Tongzhi Restoration.
Early career
Guo was born in Xiangyin, Hunan in 1818. As a young man, Guo studied at the Yuelu Academy in Changsha, where he befriended Zeng Guofan. In 1847, Guo was awarded the highest degree in the imperial exams and soon afterwards he became a bachelor in the Hanlin Academy. In 1853, he was called to assist Zeng Guofan in joining the Xiang Army to suppress the Taiping Rebellion in their native province of Hunan. During the suppression of the Taipings Rebellion, Guo distinguished himself as a prominent advocate of the local likin tax as a means of financing the campaigns. In 1852 his forces recaptured Nanchang, Jiangxi from Taiping forces. He later also assisted Li Hongzhang's Huai Army in their campaigns against rebels in the Anhui province.
He called for foreign languages to be taught at a government school in 1859.
Diplomatic service
Guo became an important member of China's Self-Strengthening Movement in the 1860s and 70s and distinguished himself for his advocacy of a moderate and peaceful foreign policy. Guo became the first Qing minister to be stationed in a western country. He served as Minister to Britain and Minister to France from 1877 through 1879 as part of the United Kingdom's demands after the Margary Affair for an Imperial commissioner to be posted to Britain. In 1877 the English artist Walter Goodman was commissioned to paint his portrait, exhibited that year at the Royal Academy and later at the Walker Art Gallery in Liverpool. The whereabouts of this painting is unknown but a photograph taken of it at the time is in a private collection in England.
Advocacy of Railways
In July 1877 while serving as Chinese Minister to Britain, Guo led an entourage of legation officials on a visit to the Ipswich engineering works of Ransomes and Rapier to see the manufacture of steam locomotives, railway equipment and other engineering products. He travelled from London to Ipswich by train and expressed his deep admiration for Britain's railway system, commenting that the distance travelled during the two-hour train journey would have taken two or three days in his own country.
He subsequently became a great proponent of railways and other modern engineering development in China, incurring the wrath of conservative and anti-railway Court officials, who resented his representations. In early 1878 he was also appointed Minister to France (concurrent with his British appointment) and moved to Paris, but in late 1878 he was ordered to return to China. Upon his return, fearful for his life because of his pro-foreign views, he returned to his home province and virtually retired from public life, spending his time writing and teaching in an academy.
Works
禮記質疑: 49卷 (1890)
使西紀程
Notes
References
Kuo, Sung-t'ao, Hsi-hung Liu, and Te-i Chang. *The First Chinese Embassy to the West; the Journals of Kuo-Sung-T'ao, Liu Hsi-Hung and Chang Te-Yi. Translated by J. D. Frodsham. Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1974.
Visit of the Chinese Ambassadors to Ipswich”, report in the “Ipswich Journal” July 3, 1877 ( Hong Kong Railway Society – P.A. Crush Chinese Railway Collection)
Day, Jenny Huangfu (2018). "The Scholar." Qing Travelers to the Far West: Diplomacy and the Information Order in Late Imperial China. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
External links
1818 births
1891 deaths
People from Yueyang
Qing dynasty diplomats
Ambassadors of China to the United Kingdom
Ambassadors of China to France
Qing dynasty politicians from Hunan
Xiang Army personnel
Ministers of Zongli Yamen
Filipeni is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bălaia, Brad, Filipeni, Fruntești, Mărăști, Pădureni, Slobozia and Valea Boțului.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Æ Tinuser (Standard Danish: Tinus brødrene, English The Tinus brothers) was a Danish traditional band who were famous exponents of their genre from the 1950s to the late 1970s.
The group consisted of three brothers, Ejnar (1913–84; trombone and bass drum), Karl (1911–83; piano) and Hans Nielsen (1906–95; fiddle) from Vrøgum, near Oksbøl. After their father, the musician Tinus Nielsen, they were collectively known as "Æ Tinuser" (The Tinuses) in the local Jutish dialect. Their musical style combined the traditional fiddle music of their area with a danceable beat, with Ejnar Nielsen playing trombone and bass drum simultaneously. For several decades they were a cherished part of the dance scene in the area around Varde, often playing at the weekly dances at the inn in Ho, near Blåvandshuk. A documentary was made about them, directed by Jørgen Vestergaard. Among their famous pieces are "Den gammel hans støk" (after their father) and "Hans Jensen hans støk i Blåvand" (after Hans Jensen), both of which are stock pieces for contemporary Danish traditional musicians.
Two of the band's recordings have been released, Gammeldans, recorded in 1978-79, and Knågstykker, recorded in 1965 and 1969.
References
Danish folk music groups
People from Varde Municipality
Oldham County is a county located in the north central part of the U.S. state and commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 67,607. Its county seat is La Grange. The county is named for Colonel William Oldham.
Oldham County is part of the Louisville/Jefferson County, KY–IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Oldham County is the wealthiest county in Kentucky and 47th-wealthiest county in the U.S. and ranks as the most educated county in Kentucky While the causes for this are complicated, areas east of Louisville have long been popular with wealthy residents, initially as summer residences and eventually as year-round suburban estates and bedroom communities. Oldham County lies northeast of the best known of these areas, Anchorage, just outside Louisville's pre-merger East End.
History
Oldham County was established on December 15, 1823 from parts of Henry, Jefferson, and Shelby Counties. It was the 74th Kentucky county, and was named in honor of Col. William Oldham of Jefferson County, a Revolutionary War officer.
Initially, it was mainly a rural county with small, scattered developments in places like Westport which was founded in 1800 and served as the county seat early on. When the Louisville and Frankfort Railroad Company introduced rail lines in the area in the 1850s, many new towns and communities sprang up. Eventually the railroad ceased operating as a form of public transportation, but the more rural nature of the county continued to draw residents away from the metropolitan areas in Jefferson County. Since the early 1970s and the completion of Interstate 71, which connects Oldham County to Downtown Louisville and shopping in Eastern Jefferson County, Oldham County has increasingly become suburban in nature, a natural extension of Louisville's wealthy East End as it ran out of large tracts of undeveloped land.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which are land and (4.7%) are covered by water. It is the 13th-smallest county in Kentucky. The county's northern border with Indiana is formed by the Ohio River.
Adjacent counties
Clark County, Indiana (northwest)
Trimble County (northeast)
Henry County (east)
Shelby County (southeast)
Jefferson County (southwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 46,178 people, 14,856 households, and 12,196 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 15,541 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.62% White, 4.21% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.44% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.55% from other races, and 0.97% from two or more races. 1.30% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 14,856 households, out of which 44.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 71.50% were married couples living together, 7.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.90% were non-families. 14.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.17.
The age distribution was 27.40% under the age of 18, 6.90% from 18 to 24, 33.10% from 25 to 44, 25.60% from 45 to 64, and 7.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 114.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 117.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $70,171 (2005), and the median income for a family was $70,495. Males had a median income of $46,962 versus $28,985 for females. The per capita income for the county was $25,374. About 2.90% of families and 4.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.50% of those under age 18 and 6.00% of those age 65 or over. Oldham County is the most affluent county in the state of Kentucky; most residents work in Louisville and choose to live in Oldham County due to the lack of crime and the nationally recognized school system. North Oldham High School in particular, is ranked very highly among state high schools, having been named a national blue ribbon school of excellence, and ranked in the top 250 best schools in the nation through US Weekly. 2006 classes at Oldham County High School were reported as to have a teacher:student ratio of 1:15, but that number does not accurately reflect the ratio of a normal class. That number includes, for example, the small classes of five to six students in Behavioral Disorders. The published ratio also includes small classes at the County Career Center, which is located on the same campus. The actual teacher-student ratios are closer to 1:30. Regardless of population swelling and diminishing student-teacher ratios, which have led to a slight decline as of late, Oldham county is still widely recognized as the best public school system in the state.
Communities
Cities
Crestwood
Goshen
La Grange (county seat)
Orchard Grass Hills
Pewee Valley
River Bluff
Census-designated places
Buckner
Westport
Other unincorporated places
Ballardsville
Brownsboro
Centerfield
Floydsburg
Park Lake
Prospect
Politics
Government
At the federal level, Oldham County overlaps two congressional districts in the House of Representatives, the third district, represented by Democrat John Yarmuth, and the fourth district, represented by Republican Thomas Massie.
Notable people
D. W. Griffith, highly influential film director (The Birth of a Nation, Intolerance)
Kyra Elzy, women's collegiate basketball player and coach of Kentucky Wildcats women's basketball
Buddy Pepper, former songwriter, pianist, composer, arranger, and actor.
Knocked Loose, a hardcore band signed to Pure Noise Records
Justin Thomas, a Professional golfer
Dean Kiekhefer, MLB pitcher
Jon Rauch, MLB pitcher
Donta Smith, professional basketball player
See also
Louisville/Jefferson County–Elizabethtown–Madison, KY-IN Combined Statistical Area
Moist county
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oldham County, Kentucky
The Oldham Era
References
External links
Oldham County Chamber of Commerce
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Louisville metropolitan area
1823 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1823
Giacomo Giordano, O.S.B. (died 1661) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Lacedonia (1651–1661).
Biography
Giacomo Giordano was ordained a priest in Order of Saint Benedict.
On 28 Oct 1651, he was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent X as Bishop of Lacedonia.
On 29 Oct 1651, he was consecrated bishop by Niccolò Albergati-Ludovisi, Archbishop of Bologna, with Girolamo Buonvisi, Titular Archbishop of Laodicea in Phrygia, and Ranuccio Scotti Douglas, Bishop of Borgo San Donnino, serving as co-consecrators.
He served as Bishop of Lacedonia until his death on 9 Nov 1661.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent X
1661 deaths
Benedictine bishops
The 1991 Kentucky Wildcats football team represented the University of Kentucky in the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 1991 NCAA Division I-A football season. In their second season under head coach Bill Curry, the Wildcats compiled a 3–8 record (0–7 against SEC opponents), finished in last place in the SEC, and were outscored by their opponents, 268 to 190. The team played its home games in Commonwealth Stadium in Lexington, Kentucky.
The team's statistical leaders included Pookie Jones with 954 passing yards, Terry Samuels with 307 rushing yards, and Neal Clark with 647 receiving yards.
Schedule
References
Kentucky
Kentucky Wildcats football seasons
Kentucky Wildcats football
Karl Dürschmied (3 November 1896 – 27 June 1948) was an Austrian footballer. He played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1926.
References
External links
1896 births
1948 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
M Clan is a Spanish rock band. The band, initially named Murciélagos Clan, was formed in Murcia, (Spain) in 1992 by Carlos Tarque and Ricardo Ruipérez.
In March 1993 the band added Santiago Campillo, Pascual Saura, Juan Otero and Íñigo Uribe, under the name '', (The Clan of Bats), which soon became 'M-Clan'. The band's sound was heavily influenced by Southern rock artists. The group currently consists of Carlos Tarque (vocals), Juan Antonio Otero, Ricardo Ruipérez (guitar), Carlos Raya (guitar), Pascual Saura, and Alejandro Climent 'Boli' (keyboard).
The band's 1999 release went platinum, leading to the release of their 2001 Unplugged album . The band released in 2004 under Warner Bros. and Eastwest Records.
Discography
(1995)
(1997)
(1999)
(Unplugged) (2001)
(2002)
(2004)
(1995-2006)
(2008)
(2010)
(2012)
(2014)
Delta (2016)
External links
Official website
M-Clan photographs in Todomusicaymas Live in Bilbao 2008
Spanish rock music groups
Southern rock musical groups
Rock en Español music groups
Edwin Dalton Smith (1800-1866/1883), was an English artist and engraver, a painter of portraits and a botanical illustrator. His father was the engraver Anker Smith (1759-1819) and his home was in Chelsea, London. Most of his work was exhibited during the period 1816-47 - some 66 of his works were displayed at the Royal Academy and another 13 at the Suffolk Street galleries.
He worked for a while on Robert Sweet's Flower Garden, and had his art published in several works, such as Geraniaceae and Flora Australasica. He also produced illustrations for Benjamin Maund's Botanic Garden. For many years he was associated with the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
Smith's studio was located at 69 East Street, Brighton (1869-1872), and his residence in 1871 was at 11 Rose Hill Terrace, Brighton.
References
Botanical illustrators
English portrait painters
English illustrators
The Dacia Lodgy was a compact MPV which was unveiled jointly by the French manufacturer Renault and its Romanian subsidiary Dacia, officially launched at the 2012 Geneva Motor Show.
Overview
Based on a new platform, the Lodgy is front-wheel drive and powered by a choice of four-cylinder engines: a 1.5 L diesel (in two variants) and two petrol engines, a 1.6 L aspirated and a 1.2 L turbocharged Energy TCe 115.
Lodgy is the first Dacia model to offer a speed limiter, on the Laureate level, and a navigation system with a seven-inch touchscreen display, as an option. Bluetooth and USB connectivity, previously introduced on the Dacia Duster, are also available.
The car was available only in LHD from launch, and with a choice of five and seven seater models. It is manufactured at an all new Renault factory in Tangier, Morocco.
The Lodgy received three stars in Euro NCAP's crash test rating, considered to be the lowest result for a car in 2012. In the test, the rear passenger floor panel and tunnel were completely separated, and the transmission tunnel was deformed between the front seats.
India
Renault India launched its MPV Lodgy on 9 April 2015, at a base price Rs 8.19 lac. The Lodgy is offered in seven variants, namely: Lodgy std 85PS, Lodgy RxE 85PS, Lodgy RxL 85PS, Lodgy RxZ 85PS, Lodgy RxL 110PS, Lodgy RxZ 110PS 8 seaters and Lodgy RxZ 110PS seven seaters.
Its major exterior features include twin slated grill, swept back headlamps, fog lamps, chrome highlights, contemporary taillight cluster, while major interior highlights are spacious cabin, large windows, seven and eight seater option, newly designed dashboard, touch screen infotainment system, comfortable seats and multi function steering wheel with cruise control toggles.
It was discontinued in India in the year 2020.
Engines
Lodgy Glace
In November 2011, Dacia announced that it would take part in the Andros Trophy, revealing the new Lodgy for the first time, in an ice racing version called Lodgy Glace. Unlike the production version, the Lodgy Glace featured a rear mid-engine, four-wheel-drive layout and was powered by a 3.0 litre V6 engine, which produced and of torque.
Two models were raced by father and son Alain Prost and Nicolas Prost, and the third by Evens Stievenart. The team eventually won the competition, with Alain Prost as the first placed driver, gaining four victories and six other podium finishes.
The seven rounds took place in Val Thorens, Andorra, Alpe d'Huez, Isola 2000, Lans-en-Vercors, Saint-Dié-des-Vosges and Super Besse. It was the first MPV model to win the competition, and the second model from Dacia to compete in the Andros Trophy, after the Duster took part in the seasons of 2010 and 2011.
Safety
The Lodgy for India with no airbags and no ABS received 0 stars for adult occupants and 2 stars for toddlers from Global NCAP in 2018 (similar to Latin NCAP 2013).
References
External links
Official Dacia Lodgy website
Renault Lodgy Stepway
Owner's Manual
Lodgy
Cars of Romania
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Compact MPVs
Global NCAP small MPVs
2010s cars
Cars introduced in 2012
Jackaroo may refer to:
Jackaroo (trainee), an Australian agricultural trainee
Holden Jackaroo, an Australian market name for a Japanese utility or wagon for rough ground
Thruxton Jackaroo, a 1950s British four-seat biplane
Buddy Williams (country musician), a singer-songwriter known as the yodelling jackaroo
Jackaroo, a 1985 novel by Cynthia Voigt
Jackaroo (miniseries), a 1990 Australian miniseries
Jackaroo, a comic book character by Gary Chaloner
The aliens nicknamed the Jackaroos in one of Paul J. McAuley's science-fiction series
See also
Jillaroo
Cowboy (disambiguation)
Elaine Schwartz (born April 13, 1943) is a Democratic politician who served as a member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 99th District, which includes most of Hollywood in southern Broward County, from 2006 to 2014.
History
Schwartz was born in New York City and attended Hofstra University, from which she graduated in 1964 with a degree in history. Following graduation, she attended the New York University School of Law, receiving her Juris Doctor in 1968. She worked for the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as an attorney before moving to Florida in 1980. Schwartz gained employment as an Assistant City Attorney in Hollywood, where she lives. Prior to her election to the legislature, she served on the Hollywood Housing Authority as the Vice-Chair and as a Commissioner.
Florida House of Representatives
When incumbent State Representative Eleanor Sobel was unable to seek re-election in 2006, Schwartz ran to succeed her in the 99th District, which stretched from Pembroke Pines to Hollywood in southern Broward County. She ran in the Democratic primary to succeed Sobel, winning 50% of the vote against Arthur Palamara and Barry Sacharow. In the general election, Schwartz defeated Republican nominee Juan Selaya in a landslide, receiving 75% of the vote to Selaya's 25%. She was re-elected without opposition in 2008 and 2010.
In 2012, following the reconfiguration of Florida House Districts, Schwartz was kept in the 99th District, which maintained most of the territory that she previously represented. She won her party's nomination unopposed and faced Republican nominee Elizabeth Eddy in the general election. Schwartz was endorsed by the Sun-Sentinel, which praised her for being "a voice for children, working families, and women's issues during her time in the Florida Legislature," and the Miami Herald, which identified her support for expanding the Nursing Home Diversion Program, resulting in the opening of "thousands of new slots" for the disabled elderly to "stay in their homes or assisted living facilities." Ultimately, Schwartz was re-elected in a landslide to her final term in the legislature over Eddy, winning 66% of the vote.
References
External links
Florida House of Representatives - Elaine Schwartz
1943 births
Living people
Politicians from New York City
Jewish American state legislators in Florida
Hofstra University alumni
New York University School of Law alumni
Florida Democrats
Florida lawyers
Women state legislators in Wisconsin
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
People from Hollywood, Florida
Lawyers from New York City
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
Harishchandra Sakharam Bhatavdekar (15 March 1868 – 20 February 1958), also known as Save dada, was the first Indian to make a film (motion picture) in India.
Biography
H. S. Bhatavdekar was a resident of Mumbai (Bombay). A Maharashtrian portrait photographer by occupation, Bhatavdekar was one of the first witnesses to the Lumiere Brothers film show in 1896 in Mumbai. He soon acquired a movie camera from London and a projector and went on to make some films on day-to-day life of the city as also some important events. His family name was changed to Save and his descendants live in Yari Road, Mumbai. One of his descendants is named Tvisha Save living in Andheri West, Mumbai. His great-grandson, Aditya Save founded Agilio Labs and his great-granddaughter-in law Ananya founded Felicita Foods and The Little House Versova. They have a son who was born in 2007. H.S.'s grandson also acted in many plays free of cost.
Filmmaking career
"The Wrestlers" was shot during a wrestling match in Mumbai and was the first film to be shot by an Indian.
H. S. Bhatavdekar's later films also were all reality films, with "Local Scenes...", "Sir Wrangler..." and "Delhi Darbar..." being of historical significance; since important personalities like R. P. Paranjpe can be seen landing in India from a ship; and the proceedings of the Delhi Durbar (Delhi Royal Court). Bhatavdekar also filmed Lord Curzon at the coronation of King Edward VII in Kolkata (Calcutta) in 1903. Bhatavdekar can be considered the first documentary filmmaker of India, with his films India's first newsreels.
Filmography
(as a director)
The Wrestlers (1899)
A man and his monkeys (1899)
Local Scenes: Landing of M. M. Bhownuggree (1901)
Atash Behram (1901)
Sir Wrangler Mr. R. P. Paranjpe (1901)
Delhi Durbar of Lord Curzon (1903)
Delhi Durbar (1903/I)
References
External links
1868 births
1958 deaths
Film directors from Mumbai
Indian documentary filmmakers
20th-century Indian film directors
19th-century Indian film directors
Indian silent film directors
In mathematics, more specifically in category theory, a universal property is a property that characterizes up to an isomorphism the result of some constructions. Thus, universal properties can be used for defining some objects independently from the method chosen for constructing them. For example, the definitions of the integers from the natural numbers, of the rational numbers from the integers, of the real numbers from the rational numbers, and of polynomial rings from the field of their coefficients can all be done in terms of universal properties. In particular, the concept of universal property allows a simple proof that all constructions of real numbers are equivalent: it suffices to prove that they satisfy the same universal property.
Technically, a universal property is defined in terms of categories and functors by mean of a universal morphism (see , below). Universal morphisms can also be thought more abstractly as initial or terminal objects of a comma category (see , below).
Universal properties occur almost everywhere in mathematics, and the use of the concept allows the use of general properties of universal properties for easily proving some properties that would need boring verifications otherwise. For example, given a commutative ring , the field of fractions of the quotient ring of by a prime ideal can be identified with the residue field of the localization of at ; that is (all these constructions can be defined by universal properties).
Other objects that can be defined by universals properties include: all free objects, direct products and direct sums, free groups, free lattices, Grothendieck group, completion of a metric space, completion of a ring, Dedekind–MacNeille completion, product topologies, Stone–Čech compactification, tensor products, inverse limit and direct limit, kernels and cokernels, quotient groups, quotient vector spaces, and other quotient spaces.
Motivation
Before giving a formal definition of universal properties, we offer some motivation for studying such constructions.
The concrete details of a given construction may be messy, but if the construction satisfies a universal property, one can forget all those details: all there is to know about the construction is already contained in the universal property. Proofs often become short and elegant if the universal property is used rather than the concrete details. For example, the tensor algebra of a vector space is slightly painful to actually construct, but using its universal property makes it much easier to deal with.
Universal properties define objects uniquely up to a unique isomorphism. Therefore, one strategy to prove that two objects are isomorphic is to show that they satisfy the same universal property.
Universal constructions are functorial in nature: if one can carry out the construction for every object in a category C then one obtains a functor on C. Furthermore, this functor is a right or left adjoint to the functor U used in the definition of the universal property.
Universal properties occur everywhere in mathematics. By understanding their abstract properties, one obtains information about all these constructions and can avoid repeating the same analysis for each individual instance.
Formal definition
To understand the definition of a universal construction, it is important to look at examples. Universal constructions were not defined out of thin air, but were rather defined after mathematicians began noticing a pattern in many mathematical constructions (see Examples below). Hence, the definition may not make sense to one at first, but will become clear when one reconciles it with concrete examples.
Let be a functor between categories and . In what follows, let be an object of , while and are objects of , and is a morphism in .
Thus, the functor maps , and in to , and in .
A universal morphism from to is a unique pair in which has the following property, commonly referred to as a universal property:
For any morphism of the form
in , there exists a unique morphism in such that the following diagram commutes:
We can dualize this categorical concept. A universal morphism from to is a unique pair that satisfies the following universal property:
For any morphism of the form in , there exists a unique morphism in such that the following diagram commutes:
Note that in each definition, the arrows are reversed. Both definitions are necessary to describe universal constructions which appear in mathematics; but they also arise due to the inherent duality present in category theory.
In either case, we say that the pair which behaves as above satisfies a universal property.
Connection with comma categories
Universal morphisms can be described more concisely as initial and terminal objects in a comma category (i.e. one where morphisms are seen as objects in their own right).
Let be a functor and an object of . Then recall that the comma category is the category where
Objects are pairs of the form , where is an object in
A morphism from to is given by a morphism in such that the diagram commutes:
Now suppose that the object in is initial. Then
for every object , there exists a unique morphism such that the following diagram commutes.
Note that the equality here simply means the diagrams are the same. Also note that the diagram on the right side of the equality is the exact same as the one offered in defining a universal morphism from to . Therefore, we see that a universal morphism from to is equivalent to an initial object in the comma category .
Conversely, recall that the comma category is the category where
Objects are pairs of the form where is an object in
A morphism from to is given by a morphism in such that the diagram commutes:
Suppose is a terminal object in . Then for every object ,
there exists a unique morphism such that the following diagrams commute.
The diagram on the right side of the equality is the same diagram pictured when defining a universal morphism from to . Hence, a universal morphism from to corresponds with a terminal object in the comma category
.
Examples
Below are a few examples, to highlight the general idea. The reader can construct numerous other examples by consulting the articles mentioned in the introduction.
Tensor algebras
Let be the category of vector spaces -Vect over a field and let be the category of algebras -Alg over (assumed to be unital and associative). Let
: -Alg → -Vect
be the forgetful functor which assigns to each algebra its underlying vector space.
Given any vector space over we can construct the tensor algebra . The tensor algebra is characterized by the fact:
“Any linear map from to an algebra can be uniquely extended to an algebra homomorphism from to .”
This statement is an initial property of the tensor algebra since it expresses the fact that the pair , where is the inclusion map, is a universal morphism from the vector space to the functor .
Since this construction works for any vector space , we conclude that is a functor from -Vect to -Alg. This means that is left adjoint to the forgetful functor (see the section below on relation to adjoint functors).
Products
A categorical product can be characterized by a universal construction. For concreteness, one may consider the Cartesian product in Set, the direct product in Grp, or the product topology in Top, where products exist.
Let and be objects of a category with finite products. The product of and is an object × together with two morphisms
:
:
such that for any other object of and morphisms and there exists a unique morphism such that and .
To understand this characterization as a universal property, take the category to be the product category and define the diagonal functor
by and . Then is a universal morphism from to the object of : if is any morphism from to , then it must equal
a morphism from
to followed by .
Limits and colimits
Categorical products are a particular kind of limit in category theory. One can generalize the above example to arbitrary limits and colimits.
Let and be categories with a small index category and let be the corresponding functor category. The diagonal functor
is the functor that maps each object in to the constant functor to (i.e. for each in ).
Given a functor (thought of as an object in ), the limit of , if it exists, is nothing but a universal morphism from to . Dually, the colimit of is a universal morphism from to .
Properties
Existence and uniqueness
Defining a quantity does not guarantee its existence. Given a functor and an object of ,
there may or may not exist a universal morphism from to . If, however, a universal morphism does exist, then it is essentially unique.
Specifically, it is unique up to a unique isomorphism: if is another pair, then there exists a unique isomorphism
such that .
This is easily seen by substituting in the definition of a universal morphism.
It is the pair which is essentially unique in this fashion. The object itself is only unique up to isomorphism. Indeed, if is a universal morphism and is any isomorphism then the pair , where is also a universal morphism.
Equivalent formulations
The definition of a universal morphism can be rephrased in a variety of ways. Let be a functor and let be an object of . Then the following statements are equivalent:
is a universal morphism from to
is an initial object of the comma category
is a representation of
The dual statements are also equivalent:
is a universal morphism from to
is a terminal object of the comma category
is a representation of
Relation to adjoint functors
Suppose is a universal morphism from to and is a universal morphism from to .
By the universal property of universal morphisms, given any morphism there exists a unique morphism such that the following diagram commutes:
If every object of admits a universal morphism to , then the assignment and defines a functor . The maps then define a natural transformation from (the identity functor on ) to . The functors are then a pair of adjoint functors, with left-adjoint to and right-adjoint to .
Similar statements apply to the dual situation of terminal morphisms from . If such morphisms exist for every in one obtains a functor which is right-adjoint to (so is left-adjoint to ).
Indeed, all pairs of adjoint functors arise from universal constructions in this manner. Let and be a pair of adjoint functors with unit and co-unit
(see the article on adjoint functors for the definitions). Then we have a universal morphism for each object in and :
For each object in , is a universal morphism from to . That is, for all there exists a unique for which the following diagrams commute.
For each object in , is a universal morphism from to . That is, for all there exists a unique for which the following diagrams commute.
Universal constructions are more general than adjoint functor pairs: a universal construction is like an optimization problem; it gives rise to an adjoint pair if and only if this problem has a solution for every object of (equivalently, every object of ).
History
Universal properties of various topological constructions were presented by Pierre Samuel in 1948. They were later used extensively by Bourbaki. The closely related concept of adjoint functors was introduced independently by Daniel Kan in 1958.
See also
Free object
Natural transformation
Adjoint functor
Monad (category theory)
Variety of algebras
Cartesian closed category
Notes
References
Paul Cohn, Universal Algebra (1981), D.Reidel Publishing, Holland. .
Borceux, F. Handbook of Categorical Algebra: vol 1 Basic category theory (1994) Cambridge University Press, (Encyclopedia of Mathematics and its Applications)
N. Bourbaki, Livre II : Algèbre (1970), Hermann, .
Milies, César Polcino; Sehgal, Sudarshan K.. An introduction to group rings. Algebras and applications, Volume 1. Springer, 2002.
Jacobson. Basic Algebra II. Dover. 2009.
External links
nLab, a wiki project on mathematics, physics and philosophy with emphasis on the n-categorical point of view
André Joyal, CatLab, a wiki project dedicated to the exposition of categorical mathematics
formal introduction to category theory.
J. Adamek, H. Herrlich, G. Stecker, Abstract and Concrete Categories-The Joy of Cats
Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy: "Category Theory"—by Jean-Pierre Marquis. Extensive bibliography.
List of academic conferences on category theory
Baez, John, 1996,"The Tale of n-categories." An informal introduction to higher order categories.
WildCats is a category theory package for Mathematica. Manipulation and visualization of objects, morphisms, categories, functors, natural transformations, universal properties.
The catsters, a YouTube channel about category theory.
Video archive of recorded talks relevant to categories, logic and the foundations of physics.
Interactive Web page which generates examples of categorical constructions in the category of finite sets.
Category theory
Property
DeAndre Elliott (born November 21, 1992) is an American football cornerback who is currently a free agent. He played college football at Colorado State.
Professional career
Elliott signed with the Seattle Seahawks as an undrafted free agent on May 6, 2016.
On September 2, 2017, Elliott was placed on injured reserve.
On July 26, 2018 Elliot was waived by the Seattle Seahawks after a failed physical.
References
External links
DeAndre Elliot profile at ESPN
1992 births
Living people
American football cornerbacks
Colorado State Rams football players
Seattle Seahawks players
Dunlewey Lough, or Dunlewy Lough (), is a lake in County Donegal, Ireland. It lies at the foot of Errigal and beside the hamlet of Dunlewey (or Dunlewy). It is separated from the larger Lough Nacung Upper, to the west, by a narrow strip of land. The Cronaniv Burn, which flows through the Poisoned Glen, flows into the Devlin River very near where that river flows into Dunlewey Lough. The Devlin River flows into the south-eastern end of the lough, on the southern edge of Dunlewey village.
There are the remains of a crannóg (a fortified lake dwelling) on the lake. This may be the source of the name Dún Lúiche, which means "Lugh's fort". There is a modern wooden sculpture of Lugh, an ancient Irish god, on the lakeshore.
On the lakeshore there is also tourist centre, called the Lakeside Centre or Ionad Cois Locha, which offers boat trips of the lake, and where they tell folk tales of a witch that is said to have lived in the big house in the forest across the lake.
See also
List of loughs in Ireland
Poisoned Glen
References
Geography of Gweedore
Lakes of County Donegal
Gaeltacht places in County Donegal
The Johnston Gate is one of the several entrances to Harvard Yard in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Completed in 1889 after a Georgian Revival design by McKim, Mead, and White, it opens onto Peabody Street (often mistaken for Massachusetts Avenue, from which Peabody Street diverges nearby) just north of Harvard Square. Costing some $10,000, it was the gift of Samuel Johnston (Harvard College class of 1855).
Each Harvard Commencement Day for several hundred years, the sheriffs of Middlesex and Suffolk Counties have arrived at Harvard Yard on horseback, preparatory to the Middlesex Sheriff's ritual calling of the celebrants to order. It has become traditional for them to enter via the Johnston Gate.
References
External links
Harvard Gazette: Harvard Gates
Harvard University
Georgian Revival architecture in Massachusetts
Gates in the United States
The Sunshine Millions Filly & Mare Turf is a race for thoroughbred horses held in January at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California or at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach, Florida. Half the eight races of the Sunshine Millions are run at one track and half at the other.
Open to four-year-olds and older fillies and mares willing to race one and one/eighth miles on the turf, the Filly & Mare Turf is an ungraded stakes event but currently carries a purse of $150,000. This race is also known as the Warren's Thoroughbred Filly & Mare Turf (in 2006) as part of the eight-race Sunshine Millions series.
In its 16th running in 2017, the series of races called the Sunshine Millions are restricted to horses bred either in Florida or in California and is the brainchild of the Thoroughbred Owners of California, the California Thoroughbred Breeders Association, the Florida Thoroughbred Breeders' and Owners' Association, Inc., Santa Anita Park, Gulfstream Park, and Magna Entertainment Corporation.
Past winners
2022 - Lovely Luvy (Junior Alvarado)
2020 - Starship Jubilee (Fla-bred) (Javier Castellano)
2019 - Starship Jubilee (Fla-bred) (Javier Castellano)
2018 - Starship Jubilee (Fla-bred) (Jose Lezcano)
2017 - Family Meeting (Jose Lezcano)
2016 - Lori's Store (John R. Velazquez)
2015 - Pink Poppy (Fla-bred) (Julien Leparoux)
2014 - Parranda (Fla-bred) (Jose Lezcano)
2013 - Regalo Mia (Fla-bred)(Javier Castellano)
2012 - Hooh Why (Fla-bred) (John Velazquez)
2011 - Trip for A. J. (Fla-bred) (John Velazquez)
2010 - Tight Precision (Fla-bred) (Joel Rosario)
2009 - Wild Promises (Fla-bred) (Aaron Gryder)
2008 - Quite a Bride (Fla-bred) (Garrett Gomez)
2007 - Miss Shop (Fla-bred) (Rafael Bejarano)
2006 - Moscow Burning (Cal-bred) (David R. Flores)
2005 - Valentine Dancer (Cal-bred) (Jon Court)
2004 - Valentine Dancer (Cal-bred) (Jon Court)
2003 - Stay Forever (Fla-bred) (José A. Santos)
External links
Official site of the Sunshine Millions
Restricted stakes races in the United States
Horse races in the United States
Turf races in the United States
Mile category horse races for fillies and mares
Empire Subang is a mixed-commercial development located in Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia which comprises soho office towers, an upscale shopping mall and a 4-star hotel. It is located in the downtown area of Subang Jaya, near Subang Parade, Wisma Consplant (formerly the HQ for oil palm giant Sime Darby Plantation) and the Subang Jaya railway station. The building is categorized into four sections, notably Empire Soho, Empire Tower, Empire Hotel and Empire Shopping Gallery. Empire Shopping Gallery and Empire Hotel were opened in 2010.
Empire Shopping Gallery
Empire Shopping Gallery is an upscale shopping centre. The mall is five storeys high and comprises 180 stores. There is also a slide called Lex Slide which was imported from Germany and stood 50 meters tall and ran through 5 floors. The slide was removed in January 2013 due to the end of a contract between the mall and the company which produced the slide. Tangs (now Galeries Voir), Jaya Grocer, ESH, Toys "R" Us, Popular Bookstore, and Fitness First serve as the junior anchor tenants in the mall. There is a wide variety of dining restaurants such as Din Tai Fung, Chili's, La Bodega, Italiannies, The Social, Marutama Ramen, Pasta Zanmai, Rakuzen and Serai among others.
Empire Hotel Subang
Empire Hotel Subang is a 4-star business hotel with 198 rooms. It is 13-storeys high and consists of a multi-purpose convention hall, a few restaurants and a cafe.
2011 explosion
On 28 September 2011, an explosion occurred at the mall at 3:45am. The fire department believed that the explosion was caused by a gas leak. The mall reopened on 15 November 2011 after almost two months of repairs and further safety measures were taken. Four people were injured in the incident and many luxury cars were damaged. Some damage was also seen at Wisma Consplant located opposite the mall.
References
Shopping malls in Selangor
Shopping malls established in 2010
Hotels established in 2010
2010 establishments in Malaysia
Paval Sieviaryniec (, born December 30, 1976) is a Belarusian Journalist and Christian democratic politician and youth leader and one of the founders of the Young Front.
Since June 7, 2020 he is under arrest. Amnesty International considers him a prisoner of conscience. On May 25, 2021, he was sentenced to seven years in prison on charges of organizing mass unrest.
Biography
Paval Sieviaryniec was born in Vorsha, Viciebsk Voblast into a family of a journalist Kastuś Sieviaryniec and a school teacher Tacciana Sieviaryniec. In 1994, he graduated from school with a gold medal. In 2000 he graduated from the Geography faculty of the Belarusian State University.
From 1994 till 1999 he worked as journalist for several state and commercial newspapers. Since 1998 Paval Sieviaryniec became known for his essays and his work as a publicist.
Political activity
In 1995, Paval Sieviaryniec joined the Belarusian Popular Front "Adradžeńnie". In February 1997, he became leader of the Minsk youth fraction of the organization. In September 1997, he was elected the Young Front co-chair at the Constituent Assembly.
In 1997-2004 Sieviaryniec became known as leader of mass youth protests against policy of the president Lukashenka.
Within the framework of his activities in the Young Front Paval Sieviaryniec initiated many educational projects as well as projects promoting Belarusian language, democratic values and the idea of European integration of Belarus.
In 1999-2003, Paval Sieviaryniec was he Deputy Chairman of the BPF Party. From 1994 to 2004 he was also chairman of the Young Front. Sieviaryniec was one of the organizers of the Belarusian Youth Congress (July 2001), Kurapaty defense (September 2001 – June 2002), national campaign "European Belarus" (spring 2002), pre-election block "Young Belarus" (2004).
First imprisonment
In 2005, Paval Sieviaryniec was accused of organizing protest actions against Aliaksandr Lukashenka's running for a third presidential term that took place in Minsk after 2004 controversial referendum. He was sentenced to three years of correctional labor and served his sentence involved in logging in Maloje Sitna village in the north of Belarus (Polack District).
The U.S. protested the sentence, calling it a "parody of justice", and the European Union stated that "even by the standards of Belarus, this is an excessive penalty". In 2006, international organization Amnesty International designated him a prisoner of conscience. Taking into account amnesty, the term was shortened to 2 years. Sieviaryniec was released in 2007. In captivity he wrote a book "Letters from the forest" ("Лісты зь лесу"). According to Nasha Niva survey, it was considered 2007 best Belarusian book.
Sieviaryniec faced a new series of charges in 2007. In July, a court found him and fellow activist Aleksey Shein guilty of "distributing illegal literature" after they were found leaflets for a political meeting. On 19 August, Sevyarynets was arrested with other youth activists during a Brest book reading at which he discussed his three books. The group were detained for "participating in an unsanctioned meeting" and were also accused of possessing counterfeit money and Ukrainian liquor.
BCD activity
Sieviaryniec later became a co-leader of the Belarusian Christian Democracy party. In December 2010, he was arrested again on charges related to protests against Lukashenko's disputed re-election. On 16 May 2011, he was sentenced to three years' imprisonment. Amnesty International designated him a prisoner of conscience. He was released from detention on 19 October 2013.
Second imprisonment
Paval Sieviaryniec was detained during Ploscha night protests on 20 December 2010 and convicted in organizing and preparing activities that seriously disrupt public order, or participating in them. Later he was sentenced to 3 years of imprisonment, he was named a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International. Released from detention on 19 November 2013. In captivity he wrote an essay book "Belarusian depth" ("Беларуская глыбіня").
Later activity
Currently Paval Sieviaryniec worked on re-foundation of the Belarusian Christian-democratic party, and is co-chairman of its organizational committee.
On June 7, 2020 Sieviaryniec was arrested for his participation in earlier protests and sentenced to 75 days “administrative arrest”. Since then he has been unable to meet with his lawyer and has partly been in solitary confinement. In addition, his bible has been taken away from him. On May 25, 2021, a Mogilev court sentenced him to seven years in prison on charges of organizing mass unrest.
Attitude towards homosexuality
He has been very vocal against adaption of LGBT acceptance in Belarus. On June 4, 2016, Sieviaryniec gave an interview to Radio Free Europe stating that homosexuality as a social norm will destroy the Belarusian nation, the very idea of gender is just as dangerous as racist propaganda or provoking class warfare and that gay Belarusians dishonor the memory of those died fighting against the USSR and Nazi Germany. In this interview he said:
Make Out, a Belarussian group that describes itself as a feminist anti-discriminatory project launched by the Belarussian PEN Center in 2014, denounced that Sieviaryniec was "one of the first people who stated that gays should be 'treated', and that "gender is an ideology". Furthermore, when Sieviaryniec found out about PEN's support of Make Out, he stopped paying dues alleging that centre was "promoting a sexual lifestyle".
On October 29, 2019 he was expelled from the Belarusian PEN Center (three days after Svetlana Alexievich had headed that organization) under the pretext of his homophobia, as he had supported in that year a petition from an anti-gender movement to make the government pass a law to criminalise LGBTI 'propaganda'. A so-called independent expertise of his statements was published on the site of the Belarusian PEN Center on October 30, 2019, but a day later the text's author, Ms. Yermakova, denied it was actually expertise.
After being expelled from the Belarusian PEN Center Sieviaryniec penned an open letter, claiming that a leftist group of cultural marxists and LGBTI propagandists had gathered in the leadership of the PEN centre and prosecutes Christians.
Writing
Paviel Sieviaryniec is a member of the Belarusian Writers' Union, and is working on his three-volume novel Belarusalim (vol. 2 Heart of the Light is to be published in 2020), Belarusian Association of Journalists, Belarusian Language Society, World Association of Belarusians "Baćkaŭščyna".
Sakharov Prize nomination
Upon being jointly nominated by the European People's Party, the Socialists and Democrats and Renew Europe for the Sakharov Prize for his democratic opposition in Belarus, news surfaced that Sieviaryniec had promoted homophobic policies in the country. Support from the three European nominating parties was soon dropped off, given that the purpose of prize to recognise people who defend human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Bibliography
"Ды-джэі Адраджэньня" (Deejays of national rebirth, 1998)
"Пакаленьне Маладога Фронту" (Generation of the Malady Front, 2002)
"Нацыянальная ідэя" (National idea, 2005)
"Лісты зь лесу" (Letters from the forest, 2007)
"Брату" (To the brother, 2007).
"Беларуская глыбіня" (Belarusian depth, 2015)
"Беларуская Хрысціянская Дэмакратыя" (Belarusian Christian Democracy 1917 - 2017, 2017)
"Сто асобаў беларускай хрысціянскай дэмакратыі" ( One hundred persons in Belarusian Christian democracy, 2017)
"Беларусалім. Золак" (Belarusalim. The Dawn, 2017)
Awards
Paval Sieviaryniec is a laureate of the Ales Adamovich literature prize of the Belarusian PEN Centre, Francišak Aliachnovič Award, Vasiľ Bykaŭ "For Freedom of Thought" Award.
Personal life
On 11 January 2014 married Volha Šylak. They have a son Francišak (born 2018).
See also
Belarusian Christian Democracy
Young Front
BPF Party
References
External links
Personal site
Belarusian Christian Democracy - the party's organizational committee
1976 births
Living people
People from Orsha
Belarusian journalists
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Belarus
BPF Party politicians
Belarusian Christian Democracy politicians
Political prisoners according to Viasna Human Rights Centre
Amnesty International prisoners of conscience held by Belarus
Belarusian prisoners and detainees
Belarusian democracy activists
Belarusian dissidents
Place of birth missing (living people)
Preaek Prasab is a district located in Kratié province, in Cambodia. Chambok is a commune in Preaek Prasab district. There is a mountain, Soporkaley, nearby with views of the Mekong River. There is a high school near the mountain.
Communes and villages
Districts of Kratié province
Letea Veche is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Holt, Letea Veche, Radomirești, Ruși-Ciutea and Siretu.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
SM UB-129 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 11 June 1918 as SM UB-129.
UB-129 was lost 31 October 1918 in Fiume () after the surrender of Austria-Hungary.
Construction
She was built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 11 May 1918. UB-129 was commissioned later the same year under the command of Kptlt. Karl Neumann. Like all Type UB III submarines, UB-129 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-129 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-129 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Her engines enabled her to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Maritime incidents in 1918
U-boats scuttled in 1918
World War I shipwrecks in the Adriatic Sea
Michael Sterling Music Group is a record label, based in Miami, Florida. It is owned by Michael Sterling.
Artists
Michael Sterling
Faze
Mr. Mixx
Tessie
Swindle
Trudy
Strawberri Taylor
Supa
References
Official Website
YouTube Website
American record labels
Record labels established in 1990
Quintaine Americana is a hard rock band from Boston (but with deep Southern roots) that started out in 1995.
History
Singer/guitarist Rob Dixon and drummer Jason King both hail from the small town of Drew, Mississippi and moved to Boston in the late 1980s. Bassist Marc Schleicher grew up in Norwell, Massachusetts but family reunions brought him to Alabama on a regular basis. In 1996 they released their debut album and placed second in the WBCN Rock & Roll Rumble (the Boston battle of the bands since 1979). Their second album was released on major label Roadrunner Records. They toured the US with Karma to Burn, but were most popular in New England. Their third full-length was co-produced by Andrew "Mudrock" Murdock, who came back to Boston to help out because he thought that they were "a great band" whose "recordings have [never] properly captured them." In early 2001 they added a second guitarist, Pete Valle. Quintaine's last album was released in 2004. The band's name was inspired by a character from an episode of Tales from the Crypt—Billy Quintaine.
RedneckFest
The RedneckFest is an annual event celebrating the music and culture of the South, curated by Quintaine. Inspiration came to the band after the record release party for their debut album, Needles, which featured 12 bands. Subsequent years saw the musical styles represented broaden to include bluegrass, rockabilly, country, and Southern rock, along with punk, hard rock, and stoner rock. In 2001 the Fest spanned four nights at three different clubs and featured 21 bands.
Discography
Albums
Needles (1996, CherryDisc)
Decade of the Brain (1998, Roadrunner)
The Devil Went down to Mississippi EP (2000, Curve of the Earth)
Dark Thirty (2003, Curve of the Earth)
Sharpshooter Blues (2004, Traktor7)
Compilation appearances
Take Your Medicine (1996, Wonderdrug) (song: "Retarded Whore")
Wicked Deluxe (1996, Wicked Disc) (song: "Black Car")
Allston Rock City (1997, Curve of the Earth) (song: "Aunt Ruth")
Up the Dosage (1999, Wonderdrug) (song: "The Good Stuff")
Other
split single w/Milligram (1999, Polterchrist Records/TRAKTOR7 Records) (song: "Rebel Yell")
Sources
Off the Record, Sean Richardson, Boston Phoenix, June 25, 2004.
Dark-Thirty with Quintaine Americana, Sanjay, Lab Productions, April 21, 2002
Decade of the Brain, Joe Garden, The A.V. Club, March 29, 2002
Local petal and munk, Carly Caroli, Boston Phoenix, December 28, 2000.
Laugh Tracks, Jon Garelick, Boston Phoenix, March 9, 1998.
Profile at MusicMight
References
External links
MySpace page
Hard rock musical groups from Massachusetts
Musical groups from Boston
WIC Radio Ltd v Simpson (2008) is a case on appeal from the Court of Appeal for British Columbia to the Supreme Court of Canada on defamation.
After CKNW radio talk show host Rafe Mair broadcast an editorial that compared activist Kari Simpson to Adolf Hitler, the Ku Klux Klan, and former Alabama governor George Wallace, among others, Simpson sued Mair and his employer, WIC Radio Ltd., for defamation.
A 2006 B.C. Court of Appeal decision written by then-justice Mary Southin, concluded that Mair defamed Simpson and couldn't rely on the defence of fair comment. In 2008, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled that Mair had, in fact, defamed Simpson. However, the Supreme Court used this case to re-define defamation in Canada. Because the old legal test no longer applied, the Supreme Court found for the appellants Mair and WIC Radio Ltd.
The Supreme Court decision was regarded as likely to encourage public commentators to be more brave in criticizing public figures.
References
External links
Decision of Supreme Court of Canada
Section Two Charter case law
Supreme Court of Canada cases
2008 in Canadian case law
Canadian freedom of expression case law
The Integrated Civilian Home Defense Forces, also called the Civilian Home Defense Force and commonly referred to by its acronym CHDF, was an irregular paramilitary force supervised and deployed by the heads of the local government in the Philippines — provincial governors, city and municipal mayors. The CHDF was active during the 1970s, and was officially disbanded in 1986 after the People Power Revolution. However, the creation of the Citizen Armed Force Geographical Unit in 1987 provided the opportunity for CHDF members to once again perform their former duties.
Creation
The Philippine Constabulary recruited, organized and equipped official civilian militia during the Hukbalahap Rebellion after World War II. After the Hukbalahap were effectively suppressed in 1956, these militia units were organized into "Barrio Self-Defense Units".
In 1972, Ferdinand E. Marcos declared martial law in the Philippines. One of the terms of the 1973 martial law-era Philippine Constitution was the establishment of the "Self-Defense Forces" to help combat the Islamic insurgency in Mindanao and later the Communist insurgency.
In 1977, Marcos issued Presidential Decree No. 1016, formally establishing the Integrated Civilian Home Defense Forces for the purpose of maintenance of peace and order. At its inception, the CHDF numbered 73,000 men, and became a notorious human rights violator.
In July 1987, Corazon Aquino issued Executive Order 275, dissolving the CHDF and other paramilitary units. However, that same month she issued Executive Order 264, establishing the Citizen Armed Force Geographical Unit on the advice of then-Defense Secretary Fidel V. Ramos. Former members, between 25%-70%, of the disbanded CHDF were then integrated into the CAFGU.
Organization
Over-all organization, training and equipment was provided by the Department of National Defense, while screening and appointment of actual members was carried out by the military provincial commander upon the recommendation of the local government heads and the Chief of the Philippine Constabulary. Deployment and utilization of the CHDF troops fell under the supervision of the provincial governor, city and municipal mayors, who coordinated with military and Integrated National Police units in areas under the jurisdiction of the local government. In practice, the CHDF were under the control of the city and municipal mayors.
In media
The antagonists in Lav Diaz' 2018 film Season of the Devil are specifically identified as members of the martial law era Civilian Home Defense Forces, and are responsible for various atrocities in the Barrio of Ginto.
See also
Timeline of the Marcos Dictatorship
Citizen Armed Force Geographical Unit
Season of the Devil
References
Department of National Defense (Philippines)
Military of the Philippines
Reserve and Auxiliary Units of the Philippine Military
The storm glass or chemical weather glass is an instrument proposed as a method for predicting weather. It consists of a special liquid placed inside a sealed transparent glass. The state of crystallization within the liquid was believed to be related to the weather. The inventor is unknown but the device became popular in the 1860s after being promoted by Admiral Robert FitzRoy who claimed that The compositions of the liquid in a storm glass varies but usually contains "camphor, nitrate of potassium and sal-ammoniac, dissolved by alcohol, with water and some air." These devices are now known to have little value in weather prediction but continue to be a curiosity.
Description
The liquid within the glass is a mixture of several ingredients, most commonly distilled water, ethanol, potassium nitrate, ammonium chloride, and camphor. This specific mixture was promoted by Admiral Robert FitzRoy although similar devices existed even two decades earlier with variants in Italy, France and Germany.
FitzRoy carefully documented his claims on how the storm glass would predict the weather:
If the liquid in the glass is clear, the weather will be bright and clear.
If the liquid is cloudy, the weather will be cloudy as well, perhaps with precipitation.
If there are small dots in the liquid, humid or foggy weather can be expected.
A cloudy glass with small stars indicates thunderstorms.
If the liquid contains small stars on sunny winter days, then snow is coming.
If there are large flakes throughout the liquid, it will be overcast in temperate seasons or snowy in the winter.
If there are crystals at the bottom, this indicates frost.
If there are threads near the top, it will be windy.
A version of the device was available in the 18th century in France and the inventor is unknown. In 1859, violent storms struck the British Isles. In response, the British Crown distributed storm glasses, then known as "FitzRoy's storm barometers," to many small fishing communities around the British Isles for consultation by ships in port before setting sail.
Accuracy
In 1863 Charles Tomlinson published an analysis in The Philosophical Magazine concluding that while attractive
"I think it may fairly be concluded from these experiments and observations that the storm-glass acts as a rude kind of thermoscope, inferior, for most of the purposes of observation, to the thermometer."
In 2008 an article in the Journal of Crystal Growth similarly concluded that temperature change is the sole cause of crystal growth in storm glasses.
See also
Tempest Prognosticator – an alternative to the storm glass that the British government investigated
References
External links
Admiral FitzRoy's remarks on barometers and thermometers
The appearance of crystals in storm glass, when weather changes (video)
Meteorological instrumentation and equipment
Glass applications
Sukhbir may refer to:
Sukhbir (musician) (born 1969), Bhangra singer
Sukhbir (writer) (1925–2012), Punjabi novelist, short-story writer, poet and essayist
Sukhbir Singh Badal (born 1962), Punjabi politician
Sukhbir Singh Gill (born 1975), former field hockey player
Sukhbir Singh Kapoor, writer and educator
Sukhbir Sinha (1868–1928), politician, zamindar and Hindu Mahasabha leader
Indian masculine given names
Pike County is a county in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 Census, the population was 58,669. Its county seat is Pikeville. The county was founded in 1821. With regard to the sale of alcohol, it is classified as a moist county–– a county in which alcohol sales are prohibited (a dry county), but containing a "wet" city. There are three cities in the county, Pikeville, Elkhorn City, and Coal Run Village, where package alcohol sales are legal.
History
Pike is Kentucky's easternmost county and the commonwealth's largest county by land area. Pike County is the 11th most populous county in Kentucky, immediately preceded by Bullitt County and followed by Christian County. Pike County is Kentucky's third largest banking center, with financial institutions and holding companies with more than $1 billion in assets. In the five years spanning 1995–2000, personal income increased by 28%, and the county's per capita income exceeded the national and state average growth rates of the past decade. Pike County is the seventy-first Kentucky county in order of creation.
Pike County was founded on December 19, 1821, from a portion of Floyd County. The county was named for General Zebulon Pike, the explorer who discovered Pikes Peak. Between 1860 and 1891 the Hatfield-McCoy feud raged in Pike and in bordering Mingo County, West Virginia. On May 6, 1893, Pikeville officially became a city and the county seat.
Pike County is also home to Paul E. Patton, former governor of Kentucky.
The Appalachian News Express, published in Pikeville, is preserved on microfilm by the University of Kentucky Libraries. The microfilm holdings are listed in a master negative database on the university's Libraries Preservation and Digital Programs website.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. It is the largest county by area in Kentucky.
The main population areas of the county include the city of Pikeville and surrounding suburbs, Elkhorn City, and the unincorporated town of South Williamson.
Major highways
Pike County has a total of 486.285 miles of classified roads.
Adjacent counties
Martin County (north)
Mingo County, West Virginia (east)
Buchanan County, Virginia (southeast)
Dickenson County, Virginia (south)
Wise County, Virginia (south)
Letcher County (southwest)
Knott County (southwest)
Floyd County (west)
McDowell County, West Virginia (far east) While not bordering the county directly it is only separated by a nearly 2-mile corridor of Buchanan County, Virginia
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 68,736 people, 27,612 households, and 20,377 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 30,923 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.35% White, 0.45% Black or African American, 0.11% Native American, 0.41% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.10% from other races, and 0.56% from two or more races. 0.65% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
The largest self-reported ancestry groups in Pike County, Kentucky are:
18.2% "American"
16.1% English
13.1% Irish
6.7% German
2.3% Scots-Irish
1.3% Italian
There were 27,612 households, out of which 33.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.80% were married couples living together, 11.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.20% were non-families. 24.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.90.
The age distribution was 23.70% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 30.00% from 25 to 44, 24.90% from 45 to 64, and 12.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 95.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $23,930, and the median income for a family was $29,302. Males had a median income of $32,332 versus $19,229 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,005. About 20.60% of families and 23.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.20% of those under age 18 and 16.10% of those age 65 or over. The zip codes 41502 (Pikeville), 41503 (South Williamson), and 41527 (Forest Hills) are the wealthiest portions of the county. 41502 is the 50th wealthiest zip code in Kentucky, 41503 is the 61st wealthiest, and 41527 is the 63rd wealthiest. South Williamson and Forest Hills are located on the Northeast side of the county. These three areas combine to 2,129 residents and make up around 3% of the county's population. The average income for these areas is $51,962 (41502), $49,345 (41503), and $48,484 (41527).
Politics
Historically, Pike County was a solidly Republican county in presidential voting from 1896 to 1928 under the Fourth Party System, then a solidly Democratic county in presidential elections from 1932 until 2004. Since 2008, it has shifted back towards the Republican party in presidential voting.
Local politics have been dominated by the Democratic Party throughout its history, remaining so today – while the county has been carried by Republicans in presidential races since 2008, most local offices, including judge-executive, sheriff, and several representatives in the Kentucky House of Representatives remain Democratic – there were no Republicans running in the last races for judge-executive and sheriff.
Economy
Pike County has vast fossil fuel, (coal and natural gas) reserves. Pike County is one of the nation's leading coal and natural gas producers. In April 2007, Pike County announced the first-in-the-nation comprehensive energy strategy which was developed in partnership with the Southern States Energy Board.
Pike County is the second-largest coal producing county as reported in 2013 next to Union County in the western part of the state. Adding that to the counties of Harlan County, Perry County, and Martin County, Eastern Kentucky produces nearly of all coal produced in the entire state. Over 150 million tons are produced annually throughout the state.
The poverty level of counties in the Appalachian region of Kentucky is 24.4% compared to the United States Poverty Level of 12.4%. Of the top eight coal-producing counties in eastern Kentucky, Pike County is the only county that does not have a higher poverty rate than Appalachian Kentucky as a whole.
Coal companies in Pike County
Alliance Resource Partners
Alpha Natural Resources
James River Coal Company
Rhino Resource Partners
TECO Coal
Economic growth
Over 1,400 businesses exist in Pikeville. From 2005 to 2011, downtown Pikeville experienced major growth. The Eastern Kentucky Exposition Center was constructed in 2005 and seats 7,000. It features numerous events including concerts and shows. The county is also home to the Pikeville Concert Association, which secures events that usually take place at Booth Auditorium on the campus of the University of Pikeville.
The Pikeville Medical Center received a $44 million loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development program in 2010 to construct an eleven-story office building and adjacent parking garage in downtown. Construction was completed in 2014.
The University of Pikeville broke ground on a nine-story building (the Coal Building) on Hambley Boulevard in downtown Pikeville in early 2011 to house the University of Pikeville's School of Osteopathic Medicine.
In the summer of 2011, Jenny Wiley Theatre group announced their collaboration with the city of Pikeville to construct a 200-seat indoor professional theater in downtown Pikeville. The theatre opened in May 2014.
Government
The office of Pike County Judge Executive served as a launching pad for the governorship of Paul E. Patton (1995–2003).
On November 8, 2016, Pike County voted to switch from a magisterial form of government to a commissioner form of government. As of 2019, the Pike County Fiscal Court is composed of three county commissioners and the county judge/executive. This effort was a bi-partisan effort led by a citizens' group, Pike Countians Against Government Waste, that garnered signature petitions in 2015–2016 to place the question on the ballot. The voters of the 2016 election supported changing to a commissioner form of government with nearly 12,000 votes in favor, which was nearly 70% of the popular vote. In March 2016, the fiscal court which is composed of six magistrates and a judge-executive voted unanimously to sue the judge-executive (who voted to sue himself) to overturn the results of the ballot question to change the form of government. The fiscal court, composed of magistrates Jeff Anderson, Vernon "Chick" Johnson, Leo Murphy, Hilman Dotson, and Bobby Varney; and, Judge Bill Deskins, was first represented by John Doug Hays, Assistant County Attorney, and then by County Attorney Howard Keith Hall. The citizens' group was represented by State Senator Ray S. Jones, II, who filed a motion to intervene on behalf of the citizens of Pike County. In October 2017, Special Judge Rebecca Phillips of Morgan County dismissed the fiscal court lawsuit in a 23-page decision, which effectively ended the effort to overturn the voters decision. The commissioner form of government replaced the prior magistrate form of government in 2019.
Healthcare
Hospitals
Pikeville Medical Center, Pikeville, Kentucky
Appalachian Regional Healthcare, South Williamson, Kentucky
Education
Pike County colleges
University of Pikeville (UPike), Pikeville, Kentucky
Big Sandy Community and Technical College Pikeville Campus
Pike County Schools
The Pike County School System consists of 25 high, middle, and elementary schools.
High schools
Belfry High School, Belfry, Kentucky
East Ridge High School, Lick Creek, Kentucky
Phelps High School, Phelps, Kentucky
Pike County Central High School, Pikeville, Kentucky
Shelby Valley High School, Pikeville, Kentucky
Middle and elementary schools
The following lists of middle and elementary schools is categorized by the high school they feed:
Belfry High School System
Belfry Middle School
Bevins Elementary
Belfry Elementary
East Ridge High School System
Elkhorn City Elementary School
Feds Creek Elementary School
Millard Elementary School
Phelps High School System
Phelps Elementary School
Pike County Central High School System
Johns Creek Elementary School
Kimper Elementary School
Mullins School
Shelby Valley High School System
Dorton School
Valley Elementary School
Shelby Valley Day Treatment Center, Phelps Day Treatment Center, are all discipline facilities.
Northpoint Academy is a high school drop out prevention program that focuses on the individual needs of the student. All students at Northpoint are there on a voluntary basis.
Pikeville Independent Schools
High School
Pikeville High School, Pikeville
Elementary School
Pikeville Elementary School
Private schools
St. Francis of Assisi Pikeville, Kentucky
Christ Central Pikeville, Kentucky
Sports
Baseball
Pike County has had several minor league teams based out of Pikeville. In 1982
the Pikeville Brewers were located in the city. They were part of the Appalachian League and affiliated with the Milwaukee Brewers. In 1983 the team changed to become affiliated with the Chicago Cubs, thus changing its name to the Pikeville Cubs. In 2010 Pikeville Independent's baseball team finished in the final four at the KHSAA Baseball State Tournament. In 2012 and in 2013 Pikeville Junior High baseball finished runner-up in the Kentucky Middle School State Tournament both years.
Basketball
In 2007, the East Kentucky Miners came to Pike County after the opening of the Eastern Kentucky Exposition Center. The team played in Pikeville from 2007 to 2010. In 2010, the American Basketball Association opened an expansion franchise in Pikeville called the East Kentucky Energy. In 2010 Shelby Valley High School won the KHSAA Men's Basketball State Championship. In 2011, UPike Men's Basketball won the National Championship defeating Mountain State University.
Football
In 2010, the Pike County Crusaders, an Indoor Arena Football team, was announced as coming to the Eastern Kentucky Expo Center, but the initiative soon failed.
In 2011, The East Kentucky Drillers, an Indoor Arena Football franchise came to the Eastern Kentucky Expo Center in Pikeville. In 2012, the team changed its name to the Kentucky Drillers.
Communities
Incorporated communities
Coal Run Village
Elkhorn City
Pikeville (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Ashcamp
Beefhide (partial)
Belcher
Broad Bottom
Canada
Cedarville
Dorton
Fedscreek
Fords Branch
Garden Village
Gulnare
Hellier
Jonancy
Kimper
Lick Creek
Mouthcard
Phyllis
Raccoon
Shelbiana
Sidney
Stone
Stopover
Varney
Census-designated places
Belfry
Freeburn
McCarr
Phelps
South Williamson
Virgie
Notable people
Woody Blackburn – professional golfer
Stephen Cochran – country music singer and songwriter
Robert Damron – professional golfer
Patty Loveless – country music singer
Paul E. Patton – former Governor of Kentucky
Mark Reynolds – professional baseball player
Jonny Venters – professional baseball player
Warner Wolf – sports journalist
Dwight Yoakam – country music singer and songwriter
Randolph McCoy- leader involved in the Hatfield McCoy feud
Katherine G. Langley - first female member of Congress from the state of KY
Mary Elliott Flanery - first female member of KY House of Representative
Josh Osborne - country music songwriter
See also
Big Sandy Area Development District
Breaks Interstate Park
Elkhorn City Railroad Museum
Fishtrap Lake State Park
Jefferson National Forest
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pike County, Kentucky
Pikeville Cut-Through
References
External links
Pikeville-Pike County Visitors Center
Pike County Schools
Pikeville Independent Schools
1821 establishments in Kentucky
Counties of Appalachia
Kentucky counties
Populated places established in 1821
Eshaqabad (, also Romanized as Esḩāqābād; also known as Esḩāq and Is-hāq) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 11 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Gamma 1, released in 1979, is Gamma's debut album. It reached No. 131 on the Billboard Album charts, totalling seventeen weeks on the survey. "I'm Alive" reached No. 60 on the Billboard singles charts. "I'm Alive" is a cover of The Hollies song from 1965.
Track listing
Credits adapted from the original LP releases.
Side one
"Thunder and Lightning" (Ronnie Montrose, Davey Pattison) – 4:37
"I'm Alive" (Clint Ballard Jr.) – 3:18
"Razor King" (Montrose, Pattison) – 5:53
"No Tears" (Pattison) – 4:53
Side two
"Solar Heat" (Montrose) – 3:09
"Ready for Action" (Montrose) – 3:39
"Wish I Was" (Mickey Newbury) – 5:16
"Fight to the Finish" (Montrose, Jim Alcivar) – 6:25
Personnel
Davey Pattison – vocals
Ronnie Montrose – guitar
Jim Alcivar – keyboards
Alan Fitzgerald – bass guitar
Skip Gillette – drums
Production
Ken Scott – producer, engineer
Brian Leshon, Phil Jost – assistant engineers
Bernie Grundman – mastering at A&M Studios, Los Angeles
References
Gamma (band) albums
1979 debut albums
Albums produced by Ken Scott
Elektra Records albums
The Dragoon Mountains are a range of mountains located in Cochise County, Arizona. The range is about 25 mi (40 km) long, running on an axis extending south-south east through Willcox. The name originates from the 3rd U.S. Cavalry Dragoons who battled the Chiricahua, including Cochise, during the Apache Wars. The Dragoons established posts around 1856 after the Gadsden Purchase made it a U.S. territory.
Geography
The range is south of Interstate 10, between the Whetstone Mountains to the west, and Chiricahua Mountains to the east. Higher elevations of the major ranges in the region are in the Madrean Sky Islands ecoregion, with sky island habitats.
Mount Glenn (7,520 ft/2,292 m) is the highest point in the range. The Little Dragoon Mountains are the continuation of the Dragoon Mountains north of Texas Canyon.
The mountains were included in the short-lived Dragoon National Forest, which was established in 1907 and combined into Coronado National Forest in 1908. The area is now included in the Douglas Ranger District.
History
The warrior Cochise and his army defeated a small force of Union soldiers here at the First Battle of Dragoon Springs but was defeated at the Second Battle of Dragoon Springs a few days later. Cochise Stronghold Memorial Park lies near Mount Glenn on the eastern slope of the range and the historic town of Tombstone can be found at the southwestern portion of the range. There are also several ghost towns in the Dragoon Mountains including Gleeson and Courtland.
Climbing History
The earliest known roped, technical climbing in Cochise Stronghold took place in 1966, involving John Rupley and Fred Becky making a first ascent of a route on Vortex Dome. In 1967 a set of climbers including Joanna McComb, Merle Wheeler, Don Morris and Dan Jones made several attempts to top out Rockfellow Dome, the highest of the summits in this tight group. Although they did not succeed in reaching that particular summit they established high quality routes while maintaining a bold and clean climbing ethic. In 1972 Dave Baker (founder of Summit Hut in Tucson), Mark Axon and Mike McEwenbegan climbing in Cochise. Eventually others including Gary Axen, Kem Johnson, Jake Bender, Scott Williams, Gary Hervert and Marti Woerner joined this group. This group eventually completed ascents of Rockfellow Dome, End Pinnacle and Cochise Dome. They touched off what is known as the Golden Age of first ascents in Cochise. Later notable climbers who were responsible for establishing routes in the area included Steve Grossman, John Steiger and Paul Davidson. In 1979 this trio succeeded in climbing a route they named “As the Wind Cries” to the top of Chey Deas Tsay, the only dome remaining in Cochise Stronghold that had not yet been ascended.
Additional reading
ToofastTopos 2, Cochise Stronghold Rock Climbing. Author: Geir Hundal, (2018).
References
External links
Cochise Stronghold
Visual overview
Mountain ranges of Cochise County, Arizona
Madrean Sky Islands mountain ranges
Coronado National Forest
Cochise County conflict
Mountain ranges of Arizona
Myanma Posts and Telecommunications (, Myanmá Hsekthwaeyè Loukngàn), abbreviated MPT) is a state owned enterprise in Myanmar under the supervision of Ministry of Transport and Communications. MPT operates the country's postal system. The Myanmar Postal Service now runs 1294 post offices throughout the country. Local Express Myanmar Postal Parcel Service was introduced in Yangon and Mandalay on 1 April 1992 and its services are now extended to 129 townships. Until 2013, MPT was also Myanmar's only telecommunications operator.
Telecommunications
MPT, also known as Myanmar Posts and Telecommunications (Burmese: မြန်မာ့ဆက်သွယ်ရေးလုပ်ငန်း) is the first and leading telecommunications operator in Myanmar and has been championing the development of the telecommunications industry for over 130 years. It provides both fixed and mobile telecommunication services to people and enterprises, including nationwide largest 3G network and MIMO 4X4 powered data service known as LTE+.
In January 2017, mobile operator KDDI, appointed Toshitake Amamiya as the new CEO of MPT, replacing Takashi Nagashima who was CEO since July 2014. Amamiya was previously head of KDDI's global business division.
Joint operations
In July 2014, MPT, the incumbent telecom operator in Myanmar, signed a Joint Operations Agreement with KSGM, whose ultimate ownership is held by KDDI Corporation (KDDI) & Sumitomo Corporation (Sumitomo).
Together, KDDI and Sumitomo have committed to invest over 2 billion dollars to accelerate the development of MPT and Myanmar's telecommunications industry. This commitment is among the largest historical Japanese investments in the country.
See also
Internet in Myanmar
Telecommunications in Myanmar
Ooredoo Myanmar
Telenor Myanmar
Mytel
References
External links
Communications in Myanmar
Telecommunication companies of Myanmar
Government agencies of Myanmar
Deerbrook Mall is mall located in the northern Houston suburb of Humble. It is at the major intersection of I-69/US 59 and FM 1960, near George Bush Intercontinental Airport. Deerbrook Mall is classified as a super-regional mall and is the only mall (for now) in suburban Northeast Houston. The mall is in the middle of Humble's entertainment complex which includes restaurants, other shopping outlets, movie theaters, as well as communities, which creates heavy traffic and congestion during traffic rush hour and weekend rushes. Deerbrook is owned by Brookfield Properties of Chicago, Illinois. The anchor stores are Dick's Sporting Goods, AMC Theatres, JCPenney, Barnes & Noble, Dillard's, Forever 21, and Macy's. There are 2 vacant anchor store that were once Palais Royal and Sears.
History
Deerbrook Mall opened in 1984 with and over 120 stores, anchored by Foley's, Sears, Mervyn's and the first Macy's store in Greater Houston. The mall quickly became successful, attracting affluent shoppers from areas situated on Lake Houston including Kingwood and Atascocita, along with shoppers from the Spring, Sheldon, Crosby and Porter areas, and its trade area even extended to the Aldine, Greenspoint and North Forest areas of Houston. During the 1990s, the mall underwent a number of changes, including Macy's sale of all but one Houston store to Dillard's, the addition of JCPenney to one of its empty anchor pads, and a 24-screen AMC Theatres complex connected to the mall's "Silver Screen" food court in the central portion of the mall.
In 2006, the mall underwent another anchor charge as Foley's converted to Macy's and Circuit City relocated into the space previously occupied by Mervyn's which exited the Houston market. After Circuit City went bankrupt in 2009, the space was occupied by Total Home Furniture and Decor for a brief period before being filled by a large-format Forever 21. Compared to other Houston malls, Deerbrook appears to attract fewer upscale retailers, many of which are located in the Kingwood Commons shopping center in the nearby master planned community of Kingwood, and could be vulnerable to competition from developments in Kingwood and eastern Montgomery County.
In Fall 2016, Dick's Sporting Goods joined the mall's lineup, constructing a new two-story, 80,000 sq. ft. store across from Forever 21 on the mall's last remaining anchor pad.
On February 8, 2020, it was announced that Sears would be closing as part of a plan to close 39 stores nationwide. The store closed in April 2020.
References
External links
Shopping malls established in 1984
Shopping malls in Greater Houston
Chrysolarentia heteroleuca is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.
Euphyia
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1891
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Herbert John Klausmeier (November 4, 1915 – May 20, 2014) was an American educational psychologist.
He served in the United States Navy from 1941 to 1946.
He received his PhD from Stanford University in 1949. He was behind the proposal that established the Wisconsin Center for Education Research.
He received the E. L. Thorndike Award in 1991.
References
20th-century American psychologists
1915 births
2014 deaths
Stanford University alumni
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Rico Bell ( Eric Bellis) is a UK and California based artist and musician best known for his work as a member of the British punk rock band the Mekons which he joined in 1983. A singer and multi-instrumentalist with the Mekons, Bell has also released three well-received solo recordings with the Chicago-based alternative country label, Bloodshot Records: The Return of Rico Bell (1995), Dark Side of the Mersey (1999) and Been a Long Time (2002).
Career
Along with three other members of the Mekons (Kevin Lycett, Jon Langford and Tom Greenhalgh), Bell has created and exhibited art in the U.K. and U.S. as the collective Mekons for such projects as Mekons United (1996), OOOH! (2001), Art-Tube 01 (2001), and Hello Cruel World (2002). In addition, he performed with the rest of the band in Vito Acconci's Theater Project for a Rock Band as part of the Brooklyn Academy of Music's Next Wave Festival in 1995 and collaborated with Kathy Acker on her lesbian pirate operetta Pussy, King of the Pirates at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, in 1997,a production for which he also created and constructed the stage design and in which the characters were performed by the Mekons.
A graduate of the Wallasey School of Arts and Crafts near Liverpool, Bell's own art has evolved stylistically over the years but remains primarily focused upon figurative painting. Much of his work has been influenced by British and American folk art of the 18th and 19th centuries and he has developed a variety of techniques to "age" the paintings, making the portraits appear old like the original naive paintings appear today. His themes are often rooted in nature, work and community and have featured the rural milieus of his native England, while much of his recent work features imagery from his adopted home of California and the American West and portray subjects such as farmworkers, cattle herders and farm animals. His work has been exhibited in galleries and museums in the U.S. and U.K. including the Royal Academy in London and he has contributed illustrations to a number of publications including The New Yorker magazine.
While working on his painting and music after art school, Bell lived an itinerant life working on farms and riding, raising, and selling horses and, later, enjoyed a successful career as a museum and gallery exhibition designer in England. In the 1970s he was a regular performer at The Lamp Light in Wallasey, a club catering to the contemporary folk scene. Another regular performer there was a young musician from nearby Birkenhead named Declan MacManus who later found fame as Elvis Costello.
Like Costello and many other British musicians at the time, Bell's music changed as the 1970s progressed and the punk revolution exploded. After moving to Bristol and forming a punk/new wave band, recording vocals for a solo album by Martin Barre of Jethro Tull and doing some session singing in London, Bell toured with the Leeds-based Goth band, The March Violets, in the early 1980s.
In 1983, Bell began singing and playing accordion with the Mekons and was on the band's first U.S. tour in 1986 but stopped touring regularly with the band soon afterward. In 1995 he was back on the road and his contributions are found on every Mekons release since 1984 except Retreat from Memphis (1994). In addition, his music and vocals can be found on a number of compilation releases from Bloodshot Records.
References
External links
Bloodshot Records: Eric "Rico" Bell
The Mekons' Fan Web Site
Rolling Stone Photos: The Mekons
The Mekons' Press Site
Artwork
Salon.com article: "No Pistols, No Who, No Rolling Stones"
Rolling Stone Magazine: "Mekons Turn Twenty-Five"
Musicians from Leeds
Living people
Bloodshot Records artists
English accordionists
The Mekons members
21st-century accordionists
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1995 Central Washington Wildcats football team was an American football team that represented Central Washington University and won the national championship during the 1995 NAIA Division II football season. In their fourth season under head coach Jeff Zenisek, the Wildcats compiled a 10–3–1 record. They participated in the NAIA Division II playoffs, defeating (28–21) in first round, (40–20) in the quarterfinals, and (48–7) in the semifinals. In the NAIA Division II Championship Game, the Wildcats played a 21–21 tie with Findlay, resulting in both teams being national co-champions.
The team played its home games at Tomlinson Stadium in Ellensburg, Washington.
Schedule
References
Central Washington Wildcats
Central Washington Wildcats football seasons
NAIA Football National Champions
Central Washington Wildcats football
Charles, Prince of Nassau-Usingen (31 December 1712 – 21 June 1775), was from 1718 to 1775 Prince of Nassau-Usingen.
Family
Charles was born in Usingen, the son of William Henry of Nassau-Usingen and Countess Charlotte Amalia of Nassau-Dillenburg.
His father died in 1718, when he was still a minor. His mother acted as regent for Charles and his younger brother William Henry II. In 1728, he inherited the counties of Nassau-Ottweiler, Nassau-Idstein and Nassau-Saarbrücken from his second cousin Frederick Louis. These counties were then added to his county of Nassau-Usingen.
In 1734, he was declared an adult by Emperor Charles VI. In 1735, he and William Henry II divided their inheritance. Charles received Usingen, Idstein, Wiesbaden and Lahr; William Henry II received Nassau-Saarbrücken and some smaller territories. He then moved his residence from Usingen in the Taunus to Schloss Biebrich in Biebrich and continued the progressive policies of his mother.
Charles died in 1775 in Biebrich and was succeeded by his son Charles William.
Marriage and issue
On 26 December 1734 Charles married Duchess Christine Wilhelmine of Saxe-Eisenach (born: 1711), a daughter of Duke John William III. The marriage produced four children:
Charles William (1735–1803), Prince of Nassau-Usingen
Christine (1736-1741)
Frederick Augustus (1738–1816), Prince of Nassau-Usingen (1803-1816) and Duke of Nassau (1806-1816)
John Adolph (1740–1793), Prussian general
In the second, morganatic marriage, Charles married Magdalene Gross from Wiesbaden (born: 1712). From this marriage he also had four children:
Philippa Catherine von Biebrich (born: Idstein 17 May 1744; died: 17 July 1798), married at Biebrich June 1773 to Baron Karl Friedrich von Kruse (1738-1806)
Karl Philipp von Biebrich, Count von Weilnau (born: 25 March 1746; died: 15 August 1789 Wiesbaden). The Nassau Family Pact was executed in 1783, but he was not invited to be a signatory because of the morganatic marriage of his parents.
Sophie Christine (born: 20 June 1750; died: 16 November 1750)
Wilhelm Heinrich (born: 15 February 1755; died: 6 April 1755)
Ancestry
References
Footnotes
Counts of Nassau
Princes of Nassau
House of Nassau
1712 births
1775 deaths
18th-century German people
Recipients of the Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
is a passenger railway station on the Minato Line in the city of Hitachinaka, Ibaraki, Japan, operated by the third-sector railway operator Hitachinaka Seaside Railway.
Lines
Kōkimae Station is served by the 14.3 km single-track Hitachinaka Seaside Railway Minato Line from to , and lies 0.6 km from the starting point of the line at Katsuta.
Station layout
The station is unstaffed and consists of a single side platform with a simple passenger waiting shelter. There is no station building.
History
The station opened on 28 November 1961 with the name . On 1 October 2019, it was renamed to its current name.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 9 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Koki Holdings Co., Ltd. Katsuta factory
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Hitachinaka Seaside Railway station information
Railway stations in Ibaraki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1961
Hitachinaka, Ibaraki
The Pleșa is a right tributary of the river Timiș in Romania. It flows into the Timiș near Prisaca. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Caraș-Severin County
Tel Aviv central bus station, also known as the new central bus station (התחנה המרכזית החדשה, HaTahana HaMerkazit HaHadasha), is the main bus station of Tel Aviv, Israel. Located in the south of the city, it was opened on August 17, 1993. It is the second largest bus station in the world. The station in Tel Aviv covers 230,000 m2 and a total area of 44,000 m2.
On 24 October 2021, the Tel Aviv Court for Local Affairs has issued a closure order for the Tel Aviv New Central Bus Station from December 2021.
History
Construction began on December 14, 1967, but work was prematurely halted due to financial difficulties. The building was finally inaugurated on August 18, 1993. The inauguration ceremony was attended by Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and the mayor of Tel Aviv Shlomo Lahat. The station's prolonged construction period gave it the title of white elephant among the public, and in light of this, the inauguration ceremony included releasing a white elephant balloon into the sky.
The station, which was designed by Ram Karmi (1967) and completed (1993) by the architects Yael Rothshild, and Moti Bodek, opened with six floors, and the initial plan called for buses to travel to all six. In practice, only four of the six floors were used as bus terminals, and in 1998 the first- and second-floor platforms were transferred to the newly opened 7th floor. This act killed off the remaining businesses on the first two floors and hurt businesses on the third.
In earlier stages of planning, the station was intended to have just two stories, one for commerce and one for buses. Disagreements between the two main bus companies led to a third floor, so there would be one floor for each bus company. To obtain more funding after construction stalled in the 1970s, an extra floor of retail was added. This process was repeated several times, until the station had six floors total. The seventh floor was added to replace the bottom two floors, after high pollution levels were discovered on those floors. The station was deliberately designed to be confusing, so that commuters would spend more time around the stores, and thus more money. When designed the station was in Tel Aviv's downtown, but by the time it opened the business center had migrated north, and the station's neighborhood had become peripheral and impoverished. One abandoned area of the station has been occupied by a bat colony.
In January 2012, the owners of the station filed for its bankruptcy.
Expected closure
On 24 October 2021, the Tel Aviv Court for Local Affairs has issued a closure order for the New Central Bus Station from December 2021. Consequently, the Tel Aviv-Yafo Municipality and the Israel Fire and Rescue Services have told the store owners that they would have to close from 5 December and the bus companies would also have to make alternative arrangements. Earlier that month, the Tel Aviv - Yafo Municipality, Ministry of Transport and the Israel Land Authority announced that the station would close down, and a new terminal near the Panorama Center in southern Tel Aviv would be set up. That move is to be sped up because the Fire Service has refused to give the Central Bus Station a license to operate.
Specifications
The complex includes a shopping mall serviced by 29 escalators and 13 elevators with over 1,000 shops and restaurants. Only three of the seven floors are used as a bus terminal. The main entrances are on the north and east sides of 4th floor. Most intercity buses leave from a departure hall on the north (main) wing on 6th floor. On the 7th floor, which was an addition to the original building, there is a departure hall for local buses (to destinations within Gush Dan) on the north wing, and another departure hall for intercity buses (to destination in the Galilee) on the south wing. The wings of this level are completely separated.
The station serves Egged, Veolia (formerly Connex), Superbus, Metropoline, Afikim and Nateev Express intercity bus routes as well as local Dan, Egged and Kavim city and suburban buses. In 2008, approximately 100,000 people visited the station building every day. In 2018 this number went down to 80,000.
It covers 230,000 m2 and a total area of 44 dunams (44,000 m2).
Tel Aviv central bus station is located near Tel Aviv HaHagana Railway Station, but there is no direct link between them.
Although the Tel Aviv Central Bus station is the largest bus station in Tel Aviv in terms of building size, the Tel Aviv Central Bus Terminal (also known as the "2000 Terminal" and situated next to the Tel Aviv central railway station) handles considerably more bus passengers per day than the Central Bus Station.
Problems and criticism
The Tel Aviv central bus station has suffered from some neglect and disrepair. As the station is located in the poorest part of the city, numerous drug addicts, prostitutes and homeless people take residence there on occasion. In 2010, there was a murder and three reported cases of rape in the station.
The station has also been criticized for its complicated design which makes it hard to get around, and for being built in a neighborhood that didn't fit its character.
In literature
The bus station becomes the centre of author Lavie Tidhar's novel Central Station, set in a far-future Tel Aviv in which the station becomes a planetary hub and gateway to the stars. The novel follows the lives of the descendants of the migrant workers who live in the area now.
See also
List of shopping malls in Israel
Jerusalem central bus station
Transport in Tel Aviv
References
Bus stations in Israel
Shopping malls in Israel
Transport in Tel Aviv
Buildings and structures in Tel Aviv
Transport infrastructure completed in 1993
Ungureni is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bărtășești, Bibirești, Bota, Botești, Gârla Anei, Ungureni, Viforeni and Zlătari.
Natives
Radu Lecca
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Lists of medical abbreviations
Comedy Central is a channel available in Spain through satellite platform Digital+, ADSL TV Movistar TV, Orange TV and cable services. It is owned by Paramount Global.
Comedy Central was launched in March 1999. Originally, it shared the dial with corporate sibling Nickelodeon, but later the two separated. It broadcasts a mixture of comedy series (both Spanish and international) and original programming with Spanish comedians.
The original programming is produced under the umbrella of the Nuevos Cómicos (new comedians) program. The original Nuevos Cómicos program is a stand up comedy program, whose comedians also make theater performance tours since 2001. Some of them are Joaquín Reyes, Carlos Clavijo, Alejandro Angelini, Belén Rubio, Ernesto Sevilla, Diego Wainstein, Micky McPhantom, Juan Diego Martín, Raúl Cimas, Carlos Ramos, Ignatius, Don Mauro, Ricardo Castella, Alex O´Dogherty, Julián López, Dani Mateo, Sandra Marchena, Velilla Valbuena and Ángel Martín.
Other programs developed from comedians who started in Nuevos Cómicos are the sketch program La hora Chanante and late night shows Noche sin tregua and Nada Que Perder. In 2009, the channel got a new logo, which is similar to the previous Comedy Central logo. In 2014 the channel made a rebranding. Its name (which was Paramount Channel) changed to Comedy Central. The logotype also was changed.
Roasts
In May 2014, when Paramount Channel was rebranded Comedy Central the first televised roast in Spain was broadcast. The roast was recorded one month earlier in the Teatro Calderón theatre in Madrid. El Terrat produced the two roasts made to this date
External links
Comedy Central website
Television stations in Spain
Television in Andorra
Comedy Central
Dayushu is a town in the Yanqing District of Beijing.
References
Yanqing District
Towns in Beijing
Keith Anderson (born January 12, 1968) is an American country music artist. Before signing to a record deal, Anderson was one of several co-writers on "Beer Run (B Double E Double R-U-N)", a duet by Garth Brooks and George Jones, released in late 2001. Anderson was signed as a recording artist to Arista Nashville in 2004. His debut single "Pickin' Wildflowers" was released that year, as the lead-off track from his debut album Three Chord Country and American Rock & Roll. Counting "Pickin' Wildflowers", the album produced a total of four hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, and was certified gold by the RIAA.
In addition to his own material, Anderson co-wrote Big & Rich's single "Lost in This Moment", a Number One hit on the country music charts in mid-2007. Anderson switched to the Columbia label in 2007, and his second album, C'mon!, was released on August 5, 2008. The second single from the album, "I Still Miss You", became his first Top 5 country hit.
His latest release is a six-song EP album titled I'll Bring the Music; it was released May 12, 2015.
Early life
While growing up in Miami, Oklahoma, he played sports during middle and high school, and began his music career by playing in a band at church. After graduating from high school, he attended Oklahoma State University, where he was a member of Delta Tau Delta fraternity. During his college career, he obtained a degree in engineering. He also played baseball during his college years, and was approached by the Kansas City Royals. After a shoulder injury ended his pursuit of a professional baseball career, Anderson tried bodybuilding and placed second in the Mr. Oklahoma competition.
Musical career
After graduating, he accepted a position with an engineering firm in Dallas, Texas. A year and a half later, he resigned to pursue a career in music. He attended clubs at night, began writing songs, and began learning guitar from his brother, Brian.
In Dallas, he auditioned for Grapevine Opry, a show that had produced other country stars in the past. He performed on the show for three years, before performing at the Texas State Fair and Six Flags.
Due to financial difficulties, he was forced to find additional work, as a landscaper and as a personal trainer. He also enrolled in the physical therapy program at University of Texas. One month before starting, he decided to put his education on hold, and began producing his first CD. He said, "The month before I started, I thought, 'Wait a minute. This is going to be a whole bunch of commitment. If I'm ever going to do music, I need to go for it 100%. NOW. Physical therapy will always be there, and my engineering degree will always be there.'"
After recording his CD in Nashville, he began marketing it to radio stations. In 2000, he put together a band. His first hit as a songwriter came in 2001, when Garth Brooks and George Jones recorded "Beer Run (B Double E R-U-N)", which Anderson co-wrote with several other writers, including George Ducas. He opened for Montgomery Gentry in 2002, and performed at many events, where he earned his recording deal with Arista Nashville. Since then, he has written songs for Gretchen Wilson, as well as Big & Rich's Number One single "Lost in This Moment".
2004–2006: Three Chord Country and American Rock & Roll
In 2004, Anderson signed to Arista Nashville. His debut album, entitled Three Chord Country and American Rock & Roll, produced chart singles in "Pickin' Wildflowers", "XXL", and "Every Time I Hear Your Name". After the latter, the title track was remixed by Mark Hudson with Aerosmith lead singer Steven Tyler as a guest vocalist. After it failed to chart, "Podunk" was released as the album's final single and peaked at number 34.
2007–2009: C'mon!
Anderson released a song called "Sunday Morning in America" in early 2007 as the lead-off single to a second album for Arista. This song peaked at No. 28, however, and the album was delayed. Later the same year, Anderson switched from Arista Nashville to Columbia Records Nashville. His first single for the label, "I Still Miss You", was released in 2008 and became his third Top Ten hit. It was the lead-off single to his second album C'mon!, released in August 2008, and "Sunday Morning in America" was included on it, as well as his own rendition of "Lost in This Moment" and a cover of Foster & Lloyd's "Crazy Over You". The album's third single, "Somebody Needs a Hug", peaked at No. 46. The fourth single, "She Could've Been Mine", peaked at No. 56 in early 2009. Anderson parted ways with Columbia Nashville in October of that year.
2010–present: I'll Bring the Music
Since 2010, Anderson has recorded and released a few tracks, via his fan club on his official website. Those songs include "Wild Girls" and the underground hit "Your Town for Now". In May 2014, Anderson released the single "I'll Bring the Music" which received airplay on The Highway.
Anderson released a six-song EP album titled I'll Bring the Music on May 12, 2015 via iTunes and Amazon. He also released a full-length album of the same name available at his website and his shows in 2014.
Personal life
Anderson married Lauren Woodruff in December 2010, after ten years of dating. They welcomed a daughter, Crozle J. Anderson, on October 5, 2011 and a son Jaxon born November 2013. Keith was divorced in 2017.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
References
External links
Keith Anderson Official Website
1968 births
Living people
People from Miami, Oklahoma
American country singer-songwriters
American male singer-songwriters
Columbia Records artists
Country musicians from Oklahoma
Arista Nashville artists
Singer-songwriters from Oklahoma
Warren Dawson "Pete" Rambo (November 1, 1906 – June 19, 1991) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Philadelphia Phillies.
Rambo was born in the Thorofare section of West Deptford Township, New Jersey.
A single in his only at-bat left Rambo with a rare MLB career batting average of 1.000.
References
External links
1906 births
1991 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Phillies players
Salisbury Indians players
Cumberland Colts players
Baseball players from New Jersey
People from West Deptford Township, New Jersey
Sportspeople from Gloucester County, New Jersey
Bharat Wagon and Engineering Limited (BWEL) is a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) of the Government of India and is a subsidiary of Bharat Bhari Udyog Nigam. Established on 4 December 1978 after taking over two sick companies - Arthur Butler & Co and Britannia Engineering Company, BWEL is the largest rail wagon manufacturer in India. The administrative control of M/s Bharat Wagon & Engg Co Ltd (BWEL), Patna is transferred from the Department of Heavy Industry, Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises to the Ministry of Railways w.e.f 13 August 2008.
The company maintains two manufacturing plants in Bihar and is headquartered in Patna. One such plant is the Bharat Wagon Workshop Plant in Muzaffarpur and the second unit is in Mokama.
In fiscal 2006, the company incurred aggregated revenues of .
Liquidation
In December 2000, the company was referred to Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) and thereafter declared as a sick unit in year 2002. The Government of India planned to sell Muzaffarpur plant of the Company in 2002 but could not do so after resistance from employees & trade unions.
In August 2017, on recommendation of NITI Aayog, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs announced the closure of loss-making BWEL.
References
External links
Official Website
Companies based in Bihar
Economy of Bihar
Government-owned companies of India
Coach and wagon manufacturers of India
1978 establishments in Bihar
Indian companies disestablished in 2017
Indian companies established in 1978
Sylhet City Corporation that governs the Sylhet city in Bangladesh is divided into wards. As of 2022 it has 39 wards and together with 207 mahallahs (areas). The city was changed from a municipal board to a city corporation in 2001.
Ward 1
Councillor: Syed Tawfiqul Hadi
Ambarkhana
Dargah Mahalla
Darshan Deury
Dargah Gate
Jhornar Par
Mirer Maydan
Mian Fazil Chist
Purba Subidbazar
Rajargali
Ward 2
Councillor: Mr. Bikram Kor Shomrat
Dariapara
Jallar Par
Kethripara
Kazi Elias
Lama Bazar (Saraspur)
Mirza Jangal
Zindabazar
Ward 3
Councillor: A.K.A Layek
Kajal Shah
Keyapara
Munshipara
Subid Bazar
M.A.G Osmani Medical
Police Line
Ward 4
Councillor: Rezaul Hasan Ludhi (Qais Ludhi)
Ambarkhana
Dattapara
Housing Estate
Lichu Bagan
Mazumdari
Ward 5
Councillor: Razwan Ahmed
Borobazar
Electric Supply
Goypara (Chachnipara)
khasdobir
Eidgah
Hazaribag
T.B colony
Ward 6
Councillor: Farhad Chowdhury Shamim
Badam Bagicha
Choukidighi
Eliaskandi
Syedmogni
Ward 7
Councillor: Aftab Hussain Khan
Jalalabad
West Pir Moholla
Soyef Khan Road
Subid Bazar
Uttar Pir Moholla (Paharika)
Haji Para
Bon kolapara
Fazil Chishti
Kolapara
Mitali
Londoni Road
Ward 8
Councilor: Muhammad Ilyasur Rahman
Brahman Shashan
Hauldar Para
Kucharpara
Korarpar
Noapara
Panitala
Pathantula
Ward 9
Councilor: Haji Muhammad Muqlisur Rahman Kamran
Akhalia
Baghbari
Dhanuhata
Kuliapara
Madina Market
Nehari Para
Pathantula
Sagardigir Par
Ward 10
Councillor: Salih Ahmad Chowdhury
Lamapara
Shamimabad
Kanishail
Kalapara
Majumder Para
Molla Para
Nabab Road
Wapda
Ward 11
Councillor: Raqibul Islam Zholok
Rohon Das Ratul
Bhatalia
Bil Par
Kajalshah
Kuarpar
Lala Dighirpar
Madhu Shahid
Noapara
Rekabi Baza
Ward 12
Councillor: Muhammad Sikandar Ali
Bhangatikar
Itakhola
Kuarpar
Saudagartala
Sheikhghat
Ward 13
Councillor: Shantonu Datta (Santu)
taltola south
Itakhola
Saudagartala
tufkhana
masudhighir par
mirja jungle
Ward 14
Councillor: Nazrul Islam Munim
Bandar Bazar
Brahmandi Bazar
Chali Bandar Poschim, Chararpar
Hasan Market
Dak Bangla Road
Dhupra Dighirpar
Jallar Par
Jamtala
Houkers Market
Kastagarh
Kamal Garh
Kalighat
Lal Dighirpar
Paura Biponi
Paura Mirzajangal
Shah Chatt Road
Uttar Taltola
Zinda Bazar
Ward 15
Councillor: Saifur Amin (Baker)
Bandar Bazar
Baruth Khana
Chali Bandar
Churi Patti
Hasan Market
Jail Road
Joynagar
Jatarpur
Nayarpool
Noapara
Suphani Ghat
Puran Lane
Uttar Dhopa Dighirpar
Zinda Bazar
Ward 16
Councillor: Abdul Muhit Javed
Charadigirpar
Dhoper Digirpar
Hauapara
Kahan Daura
Kumarpara
Purba Zinda Bazar
Naya Sarak
Saodagor Tola
Tantipara
Ward 17
Councillor: Rashed Ahmed
Kazitula
Electric Supply
Ambarkhana
Mirboxtula
Chondontula
Chowhatta
Uchashorok
Kumarpara
Shahi Eidgah
Noyashorok
Ward 18
Councillor: A.B.M. Zillur Rahman
Brajahat Tila
Evergreen
Jhornar Par
Jherbn jheri Para
Kumar Para
Mira Bazar
Mousumi
Sabuj Bagh
Serak
Shahi Eidgah
Shakhari Para
Ward 19
Councillor: S.M Shawkat Amin Tawhid
Chandani Tila
Daptari Para
Darjee Band
Darjee Para
Goner Para
Kahar Para
Raynagar
Sonapara
Ward 20
Councillor: Somsuddin hashir vila
Balichhara South
Kharadi Para
Lama Para
Majumder Para
Roynagar
Senpara
Sonarpara
Shibganj
Shadipur
Ward 21
Councillor: Muhammad Abdur Raqib Tuhin
Bhatatikr
Brahman Para
Gopal Tila
Hatimbagh
Lakri Para
Sadipur
Shaplabagh
Tilaghar
Rajpara
Sonar Para
Ward 22
Councillor: Syed Misbah Uddin
Shahjalal Uposhahar
Uposhohor Block A-J
Shahjalal Uposhohor Bangladesh Bank Colony
Ward 23
Councillor: Mostak Ahmed
Machimpur
Mehendibagh
Ward 24
Councillor: Suhayl Ahmad Ripon
Hatimbagh
Kushighat
Lamapara
Mirapara
Sadatikar
Saderpara
Shapla Bagh
Sadipur-2
Tero Ratan
Tultikar
Purbo Sadatikar
Sobujbag
Ward 25
Councillor: Takbir Islam Pinto
Barokhola
Godrail
Khojarkhola
Mominkhola
Musargoan
Lawai
Ward 26
Councillor: Muhammad Tawfiq Bakhsh
Bharthokhola
Chandnighat
Jalopara
Kadamtali
Ward 27
Councilor: Azom Khan
Alampur
Ganganagar
Mejortila
Dakshin kushighat
place map
https://goo.gl/maps/1AXso3mekH82
Sylhet
Sylhet District
Sylhet Division
References
External links
Sylhet City Corporation
Sylhet
Colomi () is a locality in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia. It is the seat of the Colomi Municipality, the second municipal section of the Chapare Province. At the time of census 2001 it had a population of 3,699.
In 2021, 21 people were killed in a bus crash.
References
External links
Map of Chapare Province
Populated places in Cochabamba Department
Nakai Penny (born 4 April 1996) is a Canadian rugby union player who play for Seattle Seawolves in Major League Rugby (MLR). His usual position is flanker ().
Penny previously played for the University of British Columbia Thunderbirds and Westshore RFC in the BC Premier League competition.
Early life
Penny was born in Penticton, British Columbia in the southern interior of British Columbia. He played his high school rugby with the Penticton Secondary Lakers. In 2014 Penny moved to Vancouver to play for the UBC Thunderbirds rugby squad.
Rugby career
Penny played three seasons with the University of British Columbia, winning three consecutive Rounsefell Cups, the British Columbia provincial championship. Following his career with UBC, Penny suited up with Westshore RFC in the British Columbia Premiership. In 2017 he was selected to play for the BC Bears squad in the Canadian Rugby Championship. BC would go on to win their first MacTier Cup in eight years.
In 2016, Penny was selected to represent the Canadian under-20 side in the 2016 World Rugby Under 20 Trophy qualifier against the United States. He started at openside flanker for the Canadians but unfortunately would be part of a losing effort as the American side converted a long range penalty on the last play of the game to take a 19-18 win.
On 3 January 2018 it was announced that Penny would be joining the Seattle Seawolves for their inaugural season in Major League Rugby.
Club statistics
References
1996 births
Living people
Canadian expatriate rugby union players
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate rugby union players in the United States
Rugby union flankers
Seattle Seawolves players
Sportspeople from Penticton
Canadian rugby union players
Canada international rugby union players
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 800 metres M75 division of Masters athletics.
Key
References
Masters Athletics 800 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
Do Animals Believe in God? is the sole studio album by English post-punk band Pink Military, released in 1980 by record label Eric's. "Did You See Her?" was re-recorded for the album. Another version had previously been released as a single. The sleeve was designed by Bob Wakelin of Modern Eon.
Reception
Trouser Press called the album "an eclectically derivative (yet amusing) hodgepodge that is neither stunningly original nor disgustingly clichéd".
Do Animals Believe in God? was mentioned in NME's list of the best albums of 1980.
Track listing
All tracks written and arranged by Pink Military
"Degenerated Man"
"I Cry"
"Did You See Her?"
"Wild West"
"Back on the London Stage"
"After Hiroshima"
"Living in a Jungle"
"Dreamtime"
"War Games"
"Heaven/Hell"
"Do Animals Believe in God?"
Personnel
Jayne Casey - vocals
Nicky "Cool" Hillon - synthesizer, guitar
Charlie "Gruff" Griffiths - synthesizer, Yamaha grand piano
Chris Joyce - drums
Neil Innes - congas, percussion
with:
Martin Dempsey - bass on "War Games"
John Brierley - engineer
Bob Wakelin - sleeve design
References
External links
1980 debut albums
Pink Military albums
LifeBank is a healthcare technology and logistics company based in Lagos, Nigeria. It is a health startup that facilitates the transmission of blood from labs across the country to patients and doctors in hospitals. It was founded in 2016 by Temie Giwa-Tubosun. As at January 2017, it had delivered over of blood to patients in need across the country. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg stated in 2016 that “This is a thing that needs to exist.”
Establishment and mission
In July 2012, Giwa-Tubosun founded a non-government organisation called the "One Percent Project" which was aimed at increasing voluntary blood donation across Nigeria. It collected over of blood. In December 2015, it became LifeBank, which is a commercial endeavour. The company delivers "an average of of blood a month to more than 170 hospitals across the state." It also regularly runs blood drives across the state, in collaboration with the state government blood transfusion services, in order to help increase the supply of blood across the state.
See also
International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement
References
External links
LifeBank's Website
Companies based in Lagos
Health care companies established in 2012
Health charities in Nigeria
Non-profit organizations based in Lagos
Healthcare in Lagos
Nigerian companies established in 2012
Carson & Lundin (and later Carson, Lundin & Shaw) was an architectural firm in New York City formed initially by the 1941 partnership between Robert Irose Carson with Earl H. Lundin.
Principals
Robert Carson (July 19, 1906 – 1960) was born in Macon, Illinois and received his bachelor's degree in architecture from the University of Pennsylvania before coming to New York City, where he worked with Raymond Hood and was the senior architect of Rockefeller Center from 1939 until his partnership with Forsyth.
Earl H. Lundin was born in 1902 and died in 1976.
Notable buildings
Esso Building (now Time Warner Building / 75 Rockefeller Plaza in Rockefeller Center) (1947)
First National Bank Building (Tulsa) (1950)
666 Fifth Avenue (1957)
55 Public Square Cleveland (1958)
399 Park Avenue (world headquarters of Citigroup) (1961 as Carson Lundin and Shaw)
4 New York Plaza (1969)
25 Park Place, former headquarters of SunTrust, Atlanta (1971)
References
External links
Architecture firms based in New York City
Companies based in Manhattan
Design companies established in 1941
1941 establishments in New York City
Meggan Rollandi is a New Zealand artist, performance designer and academic. She is a lecturer in spatial design at Massey University.
Biography
Rollandi completed a bachelor of performance design at Massey University in 2007, and a master's degree in design at Massey in 2010.
In 2014, she received the Weta Workshop Award for Set Designer of the Year at the Chapman Tripp Theatre Awards for her work on WATCH. In 2016, Rollandi was nominated for best set designer in the Wellington Theatre Awards. In 2020, she won an Auckland Theatre Award for excellence in production.
References
Massey University alumni
Massey University faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Set designers
New Zealand theatre people
New Zealand scenic designers
Carenum cavipenne is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Bates in 1874.
References
cavipenne
Beetles described in 1874
Edith Hall may refer to:
People
Edith Hall (born 1959), British classics scholar and Professor at King's College London
Edith Hall Dohan (1877–1943), American archaeologist
Other uses
St Edith Hall, Kemsing, Kent, UK
See also
Edith
Hall (disambiguation)
The 2019 Oceania Rugby Women's Championship was held in Fiji, was the 2021 Rugby World Cup qualifier for the Oceania region. The tournament was played at Churchill Park in Lautoka from 18–30 November 2019, with six teams entered. Australia and New Zealand sent development teams, having already qualified for the 2021 World Cup.
Teams
Format
A split pool format was used for the Oceania tournament, with the teams seeded into two pools of three. Each team was scheduled to play one match against each of the teams in the opposite pool. However, following a measles outbreak in Tonga, the Tongan women's team had to withdraw from competition after one of their players arriving in Fiji was suspected of having measles. The tournament continued without playing their fixtures but a revised qualification process was put in place to allow Tonga to challenge later for the Oceania berth at the Rugby World Cup repechage qualifier.
The Black Ferns Development XV were undefeated in the tournament and won the 2019 Oceania Rugby Women's Championship based on the combined pool standings, with Australia A as runner-up. Qualification to the World Cup remained up for grabs in Lautoka for the remaining three nations (excluding Australia and New Zealand). Fiji won direct entry to the World Cup by defeating Samoa in the qualifying playoff match.
Arrangements were made for a playoff match in early 2020 between Tonga and Papua New Guinea, with the winner to meet Samoa in another playoff match to decide the World Cup repechage berth.
Tournament
Pool stage
Round 1
Notes:
The match was cancelled and called a draw.Round 2
Round 3
Playoffs
Samoa and Fiji played in the World Cup qualifier match at Lautoka. Due to Tonga's absence, a consolation match was arranged for Papua New Guinea against a Fiji developmental team.
Consolation match
World Cup qualifier
Repechage qualifiers
Tonga traveled to Port Moresby in March the following year and defeated Papua New Guinea to set up a playoff against Samoa to determine who qualified for the repechage tournament.
References
2019 in women's rugby union
2019 in Oceanian rugby union
2019 in Fijian sport
Oceania Rugby Women's Championship
Oceania Rugby Women's Championship
Oceania Rugby Women's Championship
Seqer Juq (, also Romanized as Seqer Jūq and Saqarjūq; also known as Saghar Jokh and Saghar Joogh) is a village in Garakan Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 260, in 92 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
Dąb is a district of Katowice in southern Poland.
Dąb may also refer to:
Places
Dąb, Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland
Dąb, Lubusz Voivodeship, west Poland
Dąb, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, north Poland
Other uses
Dąb coat of arms
See also
DAB (disambiguation)
Annick Mahnert (born 1975, Geneva) is a film festival curator and film producer. She is the director of programming at Fantastic Fest, programs the Sitges International Fantastic Film Festival, and has been named executive director of the Canadian genre industry platform Frontières.
Life and work
Annick Mahnert studied film production at the NYFA and worked as a production assistant at Roger Corman's Concorde-New Horizons. Back in her native Switzerland, she went on to work in distribution and programming at 20th Century Fox, Warner Bros., Pathé Cinémas, and Frenetic Films. She worked at Maximage Filmproduktion as a production assistant. In 2012 she moved to Paris to join Celluloid Dreams, handling sales and acquisitions. Since 2013, she is working as a freelance producer, acquisitions consultant, and festival programmer and was hired in November 2013 as Foreign Representative for the Market & Festivals department at Swiss Films, the promotion agency for Swiss filmmaking.
Mahnert is a programmer at the Sitges International Fantastic Film Festival, and the head of programming at Fantastic Fest in Austin.
In April 2020, Mahnert became the executive director at the Frontières Co-Production Market, an industry initiative for genre film professionals.
She is a consultant for the Austrian Film Institute, the Zurich Film Foundation, the Cineforom in Geneva, and co-founded the European Genre Forum.
As a film producer she worked on Mattie Do's The Long Walk (2019), Alexandre O. Philippe's documentaries 78/52: Hitchcock's Shower Scene (2017) and Memory: The Origins of Alien (2019), and other productions.
In 2022, she was selected as jury member in the Filmmakers of the Present competition category at 75th Locarno Film Festival.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Women curators
Women film producers
Pedro Martínez García (born 9 February 1996), commonly known as Pedrito is a Spanish footballer who plays for Košice as a midfielder.
Club career
Born in Dolores, Pedrito is a graduate of the Villarreal 's youth setup, after having joined the academy at the age of 12. In 2015, he was promoted to Villarreal C. On 25 October 2015, he made his debut for the reserves, coming as a 68th minute substitute for Fran Sol in a 1–0 defeat against Badalona.
On 18 November 2015, Pedrito injured his ligaments during a training session, and returned to play in December 2016, featuring in a league match for the C-team against Muro. On 7 December 2017, he made his first team debut for the senior team, coming on as a substitute for Roberto Soriano in a 1–0 defeat against Maccabi Tel Aviv in the UEFA Europa League.
On 18 January 2020, Pedrito joined Czech club Fastav Zlín on a contract until the summer 2022.
Club statistics
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
People from Vega Baja del Segura
Sportspeople from the Province of Alicante
Spanish footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Footballers from the Valencian Community
Association football midfielders
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Slovak Super Liga players
Czech First League players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Villarreal CF C players
Villarreal CF B players
UD Logroñés players
MFK Zemplín Michalovce players
FC Fastav Zlín players
FC Košice (2018) players
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
The discography of Christian hip-hop artist Derek Minor, formerly known as PRo, consists of five studio albums and seven mixtapes as a solo artist, one studio album each with the groups R.M.G. and 116 Cliques, twenty-three singles, including eight as a featured artist and three with R.M.G. and one with 116 Cliques, and eleven music videos, including two as a featured artist and one each with R.M.G. and 116 Cliques.
Albums
Studio albums
"—" denotes releases that did not chart.
With 116 Clique
With R.M.G.
Mixtapes
Collaborative albums
EPs
Singles
As lead artist
Other charted songs
As featured performer
With 116 Clique
With R.M.G.
Guest appearances
Music videos
As lead artist
As featured artist
With 116 Clique
With R.M.G.
References
Minor, Derek
The Tigri Area () is a wooded area that has been disputed since around 1840 by Guyana and Suriname. It involves the area between the Upper Corentyne River (also called the New River), the Coeroeni River and the Kutari River. This triangular area is in Guyana known as the New River Triangle. In 1969 the conflict ran high on and since then the Tigri Area is controlled by Guyana and claimed by Suriname. In 1971 both governments in Trinidad agreed that they continue talks over the border issue and withdraw their military forces from the disputed Triangle. Guyana has never held upon this agreement.
In Suriname it is seen as a part of the Coeroeni Resort located in the Sipaliwini District, while for Guyana it belongs to the region of East Berbice-Corentyne.
(Suriname also disputes the southern part of the border with French Guiana.)
History of the Tigri Area territorial dispute
The Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1814 set the border between British Guiana and Suriname as the Courantyne River. The treaty was signed and ratified by both parties. Robert Schomburgk surveyed British Guiana's borders in 1840. Taking the Courantyne River as the border, he sailed up to which he deemed its source, the Kutari River, in order to delineate the boundary. In 1871, however, Charles Barrington Brown discovered the New River or Upper Corentyne, which is the source of the Corentyne River. Thus the Tigri Area or New River Triangle dispute was born.
The tribunal which dealt with the Venezuela Crisis of 1895 also awarded the New River Triangle to British Guiana. The Netherlands, however, raised a diplomatic protest, claiming that the New River, and not the Kutari, was to be regarded as the source of the Corentyne and the boundary. The British government in 1900 replied that the issue was already settled by the long acceptance of the Kutari as the boundary.
In 1936, a Mixed Commission established by the British and Dutch government agreed to award the full width of the Corentyne River to Suriname, as per the 1799 agreement. The territorial sea boundary was deemed to prolongate 10° from Point No. 61, from the shore. The New River Triangle, however, was completely awarded to Guyana. The treaty putting this agreement into law was never ratified, because of the outbreak of World War II. The Dutch representative Conrad Carel Käyser signed an agreement with British and Brazilian representatives, placing the tri-point junction near the source of the Kutari River. Desiring to put the border issue to a closure before British Guiana would gain independence, the British government restarted negotiations in 1961. The British position asserted "Dutch sovereignty over the Corentyne River, a 10° line dividing the territorial sea, and British control over the New River Triangle." The Netherlands replied with a formal claim to the New River Triangle, but with a thalweg boundary in the Corentyne River (the latter position has never been repeated by any Surinamese government). No agreements were made and Guyana became independent with its borders unresolved.
In the present village of Kuruni near the Coeroenie Airstrip prefab houses were placed for workers on a planned weir. Also work started on a Camp near the Oronoque River. On 12 December 1967, four armed men of the Guyana police force landed at Oronoque, and ordered the workers to leave the area. Four military posts were initially established by the Surinamese army, however mainly for financial reasons, only Camp Tigri (also known as Camp Jaguar) remained. On 19 August 1969, border skirmishes occurred between Guyanese forces and Surinamese militias at Camp Tigri which was subsequently conquered by Guyana. On 18 March 1970, Prime-minister Eric Williams of Trinidad and Tobago offered to mediate the conflict. In November 1970 the Surinamese and Guyanese governments agreed in Trinidad and Tobago to withdraw their military forces from the Triangle. In 1975 Suriname became independent. Just prior to independence President Henck Arron of Suriname asked Prime-minister Joop den Uyl of the Netherlands for a precise definition of the borders. The reply included the Tigri area. Until present Guyana has not held upon this agreement and withdrawn any of its military forces but still holds a firm grip on the New River Triangle or mineral rich Tigri Area.
Villages
The indigenous villages of Kasuela and Sakuru of the Tiriyó tribe are located inside the Tigri area. Kasuela is the oldest village of Western Trio Group and is located on an island in the middle of the New River. The village is also known as Casuela, and Cashew Island. Camp Tigri known in Guyana as Camp Jaguar, is located to the north of the village.
The village of Sakuru was founded in 2008 by a group of people from Kwamalasamutu. It is located at .
References
Claudine West (1890–1943) was a British novelist and screenwriter who was a three-time Academy Award nominee. She moved to Hollywood in 1929, and was employed by MGM on many films, including some of their biggest productions of the late 1930s and early 1940s.
She frequently wrote scripts in European settings, including British-themed films Goodbye, Mr. Chips (nominated for an Academy Award) and The White Cliffs of Dover.
In 1942, West won an Oscar for her work on World War II drama Mrs. Miniver.
Personal life
West was born on January 16, 1884 in Nottingham, England.
West died in Beverly Hills, California on April 12, 1943 after "a long illness."
Selected filmography
The Last of Mrs. Cheyney (1929)
The High Road (1930)
The Guardsman (1931)
Son of India (1931)
Jenny Lind (1932)
Payment Deferred (1932)
Reunion in Vienna (1933)
The Barretts of Wimpole Street (1934)
The Dark Angel (1935)
The Good Earth (1937)
Marie Antoinette (1938)
Goodbye, Mr. Chips (1939) – Nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay
The Mortal Storm (1940)
Random Harvest (1942) - Academy Award nominee
Mrs. Miniver (1942) – Won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay
The White Cliffs of Dover (1944)
References
Bibliography
Calder, Robert L. Beware the British Serpent: The Role of Writers in British Propaganda in the United States, 1939-1945. McGill-Queen's Press, 2004.
External links
1890 births
1943 deaths
British emigrants to the United States
People from Nottingham
20th-century British novelists
Best Adapted Screenplay Academy Award winners
20th-century British screenwriters
Prince Arsenije "Arsen" of Yugoslavia ( / Arsenije Karađorđević; 16/17 April 1859 – 19 October 1938) was a dynast of the House of Karađorđević and ancestor of the current cadet branch of the Royal Family which ruled Yugoslavia until 1945. He served as an officer in the Russian Army.
Biography
He was born in Timișoara a year after his father Prince Alexander Karađorđević had been deposed from the Serbian throne (the predecessor regime to the Yugoslavian monarchy). His mother was Persida Nenadović. Prince Arsen's elder brother was Peter I, King of Serbia and, later, of the Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.
Prince Arsen was married in Saint Petersburg on 1 May 1892 to Princess Aurora Pavlovna Demidova of San Donato, daughter of Pavel Pavlovich Demidov, 2nd Prince of San Donato (whose uncle, Prince Anatoly Demidov, had been first married to Princess Mathilde Bonaparte) and of Prince Pavel's second wife Princess Elena Petrovna Trubetskaya. Their son was Prince Paul of Yugoslavia who was Regent of Yugoslavia from 9 October 1934 to 27 March 1941. The couple divorced on 26 December 1896 and Aurora Pavlovna was remarried to Count Nicola di Noghera in Genoa on 4 November 1897, with whom she had a daughter, Helena Aurora di Noghera (22 May 1898 – 12 October 1967). Aurora Pavlovna died in Turin on 28 June 1904.
Prince Arsen died in Paris on 19 October 1938.
thumb|100px|right|Royal Monogram of Prince Arsen of Yugoslavia
Honours and awards
Honours
See also
Mikhail Miloradovich
Semyon Zorich
Anto Gvozdenović
Marko Ivanovich Voinovich
Matija Zmajević
References and notes
External links
1859 births
1937 deaths
19th-century Serbian royalty
20th-century Serbian royalty
Russian people of Serbian descent
Karađorđević dynasty
Burials at the Mausoleum of the Royal House of Karađorđević, Oplenac
Olde Town Arvada, the historic district in Arvada, Colorado bounded by Ralston Road, Teller Road, Grandview Avenue and Yukon Street. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The listing included 42 contributing buildings.
Its 1998 NRHP nomination stated:The district is characterized by a variety of building types, including some of the most significant historic residences in the city, the largest concentration of historic business buildings in the city, the oldest Grange hall in the state, one of the few historic industrial facilities established in Arvada, and three substantial historic churches. Many of the buildings within the district were designed to fulfill more than onex function, such as business blocks which had commercial space on the ground floor and living quarters or community halls on the upper floor. This combination of building functions within the downtown area typified Arvada's early history. Diversity of function led to the variety of construction materials, styles, landscaping, and setbacks within the district.
It includes:
A.L. Davis Block building (1916), at 5600 Wadsworth Boulevard, a garage and Dodge and Chevrolet dealership, built of red brick, later expanded to absorb the 1882 school building that was to its north
First National Bank of Arvada (1903), at 7530 Grandview Avenue
more
It is home to many local restaurants, breweries, taverns, and shops. The RTD commuter rail G-Line has a stop in Olde Town.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jefferson County, Colorado
References
Downtown
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Neighborhoods in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Jefferson County, Colorado
References
Lists of medical abbreviations
1990 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1990 ACC men's basketball tournament
1990 ACC women's basketball tournament
1990 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
1990 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
1990 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
The 2013 Beersheba shooting was a mass shooting that occurred in a Bank Hapoalim branch located in Beersheba, Israel. Itamar Alon, an Israeli citizen, entered into the bank and opened fire, killing four and wounding five. He then took a woman hostage and killed himself when police arrived.
Background
The shooter, Itamar Alon, was a 39 year old Beersheba resident. He had done his mandatory military service in the Israel Defense Forces in the Combat Engineering Corps, and he rose to become an officer. He later transferred to the Israel Border Police, and participated in joint patrols with Palestinian police in the Tulkarm area. After completing his active service, he began working as a security guard for educational institutions and the Beersheba municipality, and served as a platoon commander in a reserve battalion. In 2002, he was caught in a shooting attack by two Palestinian militants in which two Israeli soldiers were killed, and killed one of the militants with his pistol. He was awarded a medal by Beersheba mayor Yaakov Turner. That same year, he was fired by the municipality at the end of his trial period of employment due to poor relations with co-workers. He was also transferred from his position as a reserve platoon commander to command a rearguard battalion in the IDF Home Front Command due to aggressive behavior and poor judgement.
In 2011, the Israel Police requested that Alon be stripped of his private gun license after he had been involved in a dispute with his neighbors and suspicions over him committing violence against his parents had emerged. After a court hearing, Alon was allowed to keep his gun license.
In May 2013, Alon's credit card was cancelled after he had accumulated a debt of about NIS 6,000, and the card was swallowed by an ATM when he tried to use it. On May 23, 2013, he visited the Bank Hapoalim branch in the Neve Ze'ev neighborhood of Beersheba requesting a debt settlement, and was refused. A few hours later, he returned to commit the shooting.
The shooting
At around 1:00 p.m., Alon returned to the Bank Hapoalim branch armed with a .45-caliber Glock 21 semiautomatic pistol and sat down together with other people waiting for services. He then got up and opened fire. The branch's manager, Avner Cohen and his deputy Meir Zeitun were killed, as were two customers, Idan Sabri and Anat Even-Haim. According to eyewitness accounts, Alon shot the two bank employees who were shot multiple times to ensure that they were dead. Five other people were wounded. Alon then took a woman, Miri Cohen, an employee of the bank, as a hostage, and barricaded himself with her in a bathroom. Within three minutes of the start of the shooting, the police arrived, with one policeman shooting a flowerpot as a deterrent as officers entered, and began searching for the shooter. One of the wounded victims was temporarily handcuffed after being mistaken for the shooter by police. After it became known that the shooter was in a bathroom together with a hostage, a police officer fired a single shot into the bathroom. The police negotiated with Alon until he shot himself. He was taken to Soroka Medical Center, where he died. Police officials stated that there was no security guard at the bank at the time of the incident.
Reactions
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the shooting "a terrible tragedy". He said he does not remember such an event and that it is a phenomenon that is not common in Israel. During meeting with officials, Avigdor Lieberman said that the event is a terrorist attack by all means and that "there is no doubt it affects everything, and makes it clear what the right priorities are"
References
External links
Israel: five dead after gunfight in bank
Mass murder in 2013
Murder–suicides in Asia
Mass shootings in Israel
Murder in Israel
2013 Beersheba shootings
May 2013 events in Asia
2013 mass shootings in Asia
2013 murders in Israel
The UCI Track Cycling World Championships – Men's points race is the world championship points race held annually at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships. It was first held at the 1980 championships in Besançon, France. , Urs Freuler from Switzerland is the most successful cyclist with eight victories.
Medalists
Medal table
External links
Track Cycling World Championships 2016–1893 bikecult.com
World Championship, Track, Points race, Elite cyclingarchives.com
Men's points race
Lists of UCI Track Cycling World Championships medalists
Maria Marten was a murder victim in Suffolk, England.
Maria Marten may also refer to:
Maria Marten, or the Mystery of the Red Barn a 1913 silent British film directed by Maurice Elvey
Maria Marten (1928 film), a silent British film directed by Walter West
Maria Marten, or The Murder in the Red Barn, a 1935 film starring Tod Slaughter
See also
Maria Martin (disambiguation)
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1700.
Events
February 1 – Richard Bentley becomes Master of Trinity College, Cambridge.
Early March - William Congreve's comedy The Way of the World is first performed at the New Theatre, Lincoln's Inn Fields in London.
May 5 – Within days of John Dryden's death on May 1, his last written work, The Secular Masque, is performed as part of Vanbrugh's version of The Pilgrim.
New books
Fiction
Aphra Behn (posthumously) – Histories, Novels, and Translations (fiction and nonfiction)
Tom Brown – Amusements Serious and Comical
Gatien de Courtilz de Sandras – Mémoires de Monsieur d'Artagnan
Peter Anthony Motteux, editor – The History of the Renown'd Don-Quixote de la Mancha, translated by several hands, Volume 1 (Volumes 2–4 published in 1712 in the third edition)
Drama
Anonymous – Caledonia, or the Pedlar Turned Merchant
Abel Boyer – Achilles; or, Iphigenia in Aulis: a tragedy
William Burnaby – The Reformed Wife
Susannah Centlivre – The Perjur'd Husband; or, The Adventures of Venice: A tragedy
Colley Cibber – The Tragical History of King Richard III
William Congreve – The Way of the World, a comedy performed in March
John Dennis – Iphigenia: A tragedy, performed in December 1699
George Farquhar – The Constant Couple
Charles Gildon – Measure for Measure
Charles Hopkins – Friendship Improv'd; or, The Female Warriour: A tragedy, performed November 7, 1699
Francis Manning – The Generous Choice
John Oldmixon – The Grove, or Love's Paradise published ("semi-opera", music by Henry Purcell)
William Philips – St. Stephen's Green
Mary Pix – The Beau Defeated
Nicholas Rowe – The Ambitious Stepmother
Thomas Southerne – The Fate of Capua: A tragedy, performed about April
John Vanbrugh – The Pilgrim: A comedy, anonymous; performed in April
Poetry
See 1700 in poetry
Richard Blackmore – A Satyr Against Wit
Thomas Brown – A Description of Mr. Dryden's Funeral, verse
Samuel Cobb – Poetae Britannici
Daniel Defoe – The Pacificator
Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz – Fama y obras póstumas del Fénix de México
William King – The Transactioneer With Some of his Philosophical Fancies (satire of Philosophical Transactions)
John Pomfret – Reason
John Tutchin – The Foreigners, published anonymously (verse satire on William III's Dutch ministers; Daniel Defoe replied in The True-Born Englishman in 1701))
Ned Ward – The Reformer
Non-fiction
Mary Astell – Some Reflections upon Marriage
James Brome – Travels over England, Scotland, and Wales
Jeremy Collier – A Second Defence of the Short View of the Profaneness and Immorality of the English Stage &c (See 1698 in literature)
Eugenia (authorship unknown) – The Female Advocate: Or, a plea for the just liberty of the tender sex, and particularly of married women...
Francis Moore – Vox Stellarum: An almanac for 1701 (first in a series of yearly "almanacs" of astrology)
Sir William Temple – Letters Written by Sir W. Temple, and Other Ministers of State, Both at Home and Abroad (putatively edited by Jonathan Swift)
Pavao Ritter Vitezović – Croatia Rediviva
Ned Ward – A Step to the Bath: With a character of the place, published anonymously
Births
February 2 – Johann Christoph Gottsched, German philosopher (died 1766)
May 25 – Nicolaus Ludwig Zinzendorf, German theologian (died 1760)
September 11 – James Thomson, Scottish poet (died 1748)
November 25 – Kata Bethlen, Hungarian memoirist and correspondent (died 1759)
Deaths
January 7 – Raffaello Fabretti, Italian antiquary (born 1618)
March 14 – Henry Killigrew, English clergyman, poet and playwright (born 1613)
May 12
Joseph Athias, Spanish-born publisher of Hebrew Bible (born 1635)
John Dryden English poet (born 1631)
July – Thomas Creech, English translator (born 1659; suicide)
August 6 – Johann Beer, Austrian author, court official and composer (born 1655; hunting accident)
August 8 – Joseph Moxon, English mathematician and lexicographer (born 1627)
August 22 – Carlos de Sigüenza y Góngora, Mexican priest, poet, geographer, and historian (born 1645)
Unknown date – Charles Hopkins, Anglo-Irish poet and dramatist (born 1664)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Patrick O'Reilly Brown (born 1954) is an American scientist and businessman who is the chief executive and founder of Impossible Foods Inc. and professor emeritus in the department of biochemistry at Stanford University. Brown is co-founder of the Public Library of Science, inventor of the DNA microarray, and a former investigator at Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
Education
Brown received each of his degrees from The University of Chicago, including his B.S. in 1976 and M.D. in 1982. His Ph.D., granted in 1980 while under the guidance of Nicholas R. Cozzarelli, involved the study of DNA topoisomerases.
Academic career
After getting his medical degree in 1982, Brown completed a 3-year pediatric residency at Children's Memorial Hospital in Chicago but decided he could have a greater impact through basic research. In 1985, Brown took a 3-year postdoctoral fellowship at the University of California, San Francisco with J. Michael Bishop and Harold Varmus (who shared the 1989 Nobel Prize in Medicine for their discoveries about how genes can ignite cancerous tumors). At UCSF, Brown and colleagues defined the mechanism by which retroviruses, such as the AIDS virus, integrate their genes into the genome of the cells they infect, which helped lead to development of new drugs to fight the disease.
In 1988, Brown became an investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and an assistant professor in the Department of Biochemistry at Stanford University School of Medicine, where he continued to investigate retroviral replication. In the early 1990s, Brown began developing a new technology to enable systematic investigation of the behavior and properties of whole genomes—called DNA microarrays. "I had a mental image of a DNA microarray, even including the red and green fluorescent spots, a few years before I'd figured out the details of making them," Brown told The Scientist.
Brown and his colleagues created a robotic dispenser that could deposit minute quantities of tens of thousands of individual genes onto a single glass slide, a “DNA microarray” or "gene chip." By flooding the slide with fluorescently labeled genetic material derived from a living sample, a researcher could see which genes were being expressed in cells. Shortly after their first description of DNA microarrays, the Brown laboratory published a “how-to” manual on the Web that helped these robotic devices become standard equipment in life science labs throughout the world, in an effort led by Joe DeRisi, Michael Eisen, Ash Alizadeh, and others.
Brown and his colleagues developed experimental methods for using DNA microarrays to investigate basic principles of genome organization, gene expression, cell regulation and specialization, physiology, development and disease, and the microbiome, along with statistical and computational tools for visualizing and interpreting the resulting large volumes of data. This work was especially revealing for the molecular portraits of many human cancers including lymphomas such as DLBCL, breast cancers, and other tumors, as part of diverse global collaborations including David Botstein, Michael Eisen, Lou Staudt, Ash Alizadeh, and others. Microarray technologies are widely used for comparing gene expression patterns and other genome features among individuals and their tissues and cells, providing information on disease subcategories, disease prognosis, and treatment outcome.
Starting in the late 1990s, Brown began publicly voicing concern over what he called "a fundamentally flawed process of scientific publishing," in which academics typically published results of publicly funded research in private, commercial publishing houses that charged subscription fees for access to journals. “We viewed this entire process as being patently unfair. Not only were scientists in poor countries being denied access to the latest and best information out there, but the public who supports this research was being denied access as well. We felt there simply had to be a better way to do it," Brown told a University of Chicago medical journal.
Brown began a collaboration with other scientists, including Harold Varmus (then director of the National Institutes of Health), David J. Lipman (then director of the National Center for Biotechnology Information), and Michael Eisen of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, to overhaul the scientific and medical publishing systems to make papers available on the rapidly developing Internet platforms such as Usenet and the World Wide Web. "Why should publishers be able to control what I can do with information that was published by my scientific colleagues whose motivation was exactly to have their discoveries contribute to future discoveries? ... We had already existing tools that we could use too so to speak hyperlink things so that you could reorganize information in systematic ways, but they weren't really being exploited by the conventional scientific literature," Brown said in an interview with BioMedCentral Biology. The magazine Nature reported that the scientists' open-access movement could "spell the end for many print titles"; Brown called subscription-based scientific journals "anachronisms."
In 2001, Brown, Eisen and Varmus co-founded the Public Library of Science (PLOS) to make published scientific research open access and freely available to researchers in the scientific community. Funded by a grant from the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, the non-profit organization advocated for designing alternative systems to fund for scientific publishing.
In 2002, Brown was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences, identifying him as one of the top 2000 scientists in the nation. He is a member of the National Academy of Medicine and a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Impossible Foods
In 2009, Brown took an 18-month sabbatical where he considered how to spend the rest of his career. Brown decided that the world's largest environmental problem, and the problem where he could have the most impact, was the use of animals to produce food. He organized a conference to raise awareness of the problem. But the National Research Council workshop, called "The Role of Animal Agriculture in a Sustainable 21st Century Global Food System,” had minimal impact; soon after, he decided the best way to reduce animal agriculture was to offer a competing product in the free market.
By the end of his sabbatical, Brown had articulated the first steps of his business plan and began to recruit a small team of scientists to determine precisely why meat smells, handles, cooks and tastes like meat. Brown said he had a "hunch" that the key to meat's unique taste was its high abundance of heme, an iron-containing molecule in blood that carries oxygen and is found in all living organisms. Brown theorized that, if he could generate large amounts of heme from plant sources, he could recreate the taste of animal meat.
Brown and a small group of early employees tested the hunch by digging up clover roots, which for the plant kingdom contain high amounts of heme. "I dissected them off with a razor blade then blended them up just to see what I could extract. I was just poking around, feasibility-testing some ideas. I got to a point where, though I didn't have much data, I had enough to go and talk to some venture-capital companies — of which there are a ridiculous number in Silicon Valley — and hit them for some money,” Brown told The Sunday Times. Brown raised a Series A round of $9 million from Khosla Ventures and founded Impossible Foods in July 2011. Over eight years until 2019, the business had collected $396 million from investors like Bill Gates, Google Ventures and Li Ka-shing's Horizons Ventures.
Brown and his team then spent five years researching and developing the Impossible Burger, which launched in restaurants in 2016. Impossible Foods is also working on plant-based pork, chicken, fish and dairy products made without any animals.
The soy leghemoglobin produced by genetically engineered yeast had raised regulatory questions at the FDA by 2015. However, in 2018 the FDA stated that it had “no questions” regarding the safety or regulatory compliance of Impossible Foods' soy leghemoglobin, a decision which has since been upheld by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.
Brown strongly supports labeling Impossible Foods' products as “meat,” regardless of its source. In a 2018 interview with Quartz, he noted, “animals have just been the technology we have used up until now to produce meat... What consumers value about meat has nothing to do with how it's made. They just live with the fact that it's made from animals. If we're producing a product that is delivering everything that is of value in meat for consumers, it's filling that niche.” This assessment, according to Brown, appropriately categorizes meat by “what functional role it plays,” rather than its source of origin. These statements have put Brown at odds with the meat industry, which by mid-2019 had successfully pressured state legislatures in Missouri and Arkansas to pass laws barring plant-based protein manufacturers such as Impossible Foods and competitor Beyond Meat from labeling their products as “meat.”
The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change strongly endorses Brown's venture and vision, saying that animal-based meat is a "problem" and that in order to "achieve the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, the global food system must undergo transformative change... By replacing animal products, consumers have enormous power to spare land for biodiversity and carbon capture, halt greenhouse gas emissions at the source, and alleviate demand on fresh water needed for healthy ecosystems."
Research on meats and no-meat substitutes suggests that no-meat products offer substantial benefits over the production of beef, and to a lesser extent pork and chicken, in terms of greenhouse gas production, water and land use.
Awards
In 2000, Brown received the National Academy of Sciences Award in Molecular Biology.
In 2002 he received a Takeda award, recognizing his work in "the development of DNA microarrays with pre-synthesized DNA probes and the promotion of the technology by releasing the production methods on the Internet."
In 2005 he received the Curt Stern Award for his contributions to the development and application of gene-based expression microarrays.
In 2006 he received the American Cancer Society's Medal of Honor for Basic Research, acknowledging "his revolutionary development of low-cost, accessible automated microarrays, and his life-saving contributions to the field of functional genomics...which in turn has produced insights into critical genetic information for diseases such as leukemia, lymphoma, prostate cancer, and early stage breast cancer."
In 2010 the Association of Biomolecular Resource Facilities (ABRF) selected Brown for the ABRF 2010 Award in recognition of Brown's pioneering work in the development of microarrays and the diverse applications of this technology in genetic research.
In 2016, Klaus Schwab and the World Economic Forum named Brown and his company a "Technology Pioneer" for their design, development and deployment of new technologies and innovations "poised to have a significant impact on business and society." Their citation reads: "Impossible Foods is creating meat and dairy substitutes directly from plants. They aim to eliminate the destructive environmental impact of the global animal farming industry by inventing sustainable and scalable ways to produce delicious, nutritious and affordable meat and dairy foods. Their technology transforms nutrients from plant crops directly into foods that have the flavours and textures of meat and dairy products, with all of the nutritional value."
External links
References
1954 births
Living people
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
American biochemists
Howard Hughes Medical Investigators
Stanford University School of Medicine faculty
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
PLOS people
Open access activists
Founders
Nizhny Keger (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kegersky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 208 as of 2010.
Geography
Nizhny Keger is located 6 km northeast of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road. Khindakh and Khotoch are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tsukasa Hojo. The story follows the adventures of the three Kisugi sisters, Hitomi, Rui and Ai, who are art thieves trying to collect all the works belonging to their missing father. It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1981 to 1985, and collected into 18 tankōbon by Shueisha. The series has been reprinted in several editions.
Jump Comics
Aizouban
Bunkoban
Complete
References
Cat's Eye
chapters
Mkange is an administrative ward in Chalinze District of Pwani Region in Tanzania.
The ward covers an area of , and has an average elevation of . The ward is bordered by Pangani District to the north east and by Handeni District to the north west. Miono ward borders the ward directly to the west, and in the south the ward is bordered by Bagamoyo District. The eastern half of the ward is boarded by the Indian Ocean.
According to the 2012 census, the ward has a total population of 12,026. Mkange ward is the largest ward in Chalinze District and is also home to Saadani National Park, which covers the entire Chalinze coast, meaning Chalinze District has no direct access to the ocean. The Ward is also where the north half of the Wami River delta is located. Mkange ward is also where the Wami river also divides the border between Chalinze District and Bagamoyo District.
References
Pwani Region
Tanzania
A comedy album is an audio recording of comedic material from a comedian or group of comedians, usually performed either live or in a studio. Comedy albums may feature skits, humorous songs, and/or live recording of stand-up comedy performances, but the most common type of comedy albums are stand up, and are often made in conjunction with a DVD with recorded video of a particular comedy show.
Description
Some of the earliest albums recorded for popular commercial distribution were comedy albums. For example, various collections of humorous short stories recited by vaudeville comedian Cal Stewart were released by Edison Records as early as 1898. A number of record labels specialize in the comedy genre, including AST Records, Comedy Central Records, Partee Records, Stand Up! Records, Stereolaffs and Celery Sound Records.
Comedy albums have won the Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album on several occasions, including America Again: Re-becoming The Greatness We Never Weren't, by Stephen Colbert (2014) and If You Ask Me (and of Course You Won't) by Betty White (2012). The first album to win this honor was The Best of the Stan Freberg Shows by Stan Freberg (1959), a variety album including comedy bits.
There is also a podcast that covers the history and influence of comedy albums, primarily on vinyl, titled Comedy on Vinyl, which also premiered a 50-year-old lost Bob Newhart track in 2015.
History
Cal Stewart recorded monologues of jokes as the rustic "Uncle Josh" in the late 1890s. Stewart included some of the earliest recorded banana peel jokes in the album, Uncle Josh in a Department Store, in 1903. Another notable early example is Joe Hayman's 1913 Cohen on the Telephone, part of a series of routines about a Jewish immigrant besieged by technology. The Okeh Laughing Record, a record of a man and a woman simply laughing for three minutes, was a best-seller in 1922. Records of comedy songs became popular, with vaudeville and musical comedy stars such as Eddie Cantor and Fanny Brice releasing their own. However when radio became popular with higher fidelity FM broadcasting in the early 1930s, sales of records dropped. Spike Jones had some successes in the late 1940s. Comedy albums were held back by the technology of the time only allowing for short recordings, but when longer-duration LP records were introduced in 1948, it allowed artists such as Lord Buckley, Stan Freberg and Tom Lehrer to record material close to modern comedy albums.
The one album to possibly be considered the first modern comedy album is Mort Sahl's 1958 The Future Lies Ahead, which was a recording of his comedy routine in front of a live audience, organized by jazz record producer Norman Granz. Sahl's records sold well and is said by Shelley Berman to have directly influenced him. Also the same year's The Best of the Stan Freberg Shows, a recording of collected material from Stan Freberg's comedy radio show The Stan Freberg Show, won the first 1959 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album. Shelley Berman's own 1959 album Inside Shelley Berman is regarded as the first actual hit and was the first to win a Grammy in the subcategory Spoken Comedy of the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album in 1960. Following it was a much bigger hit, The Button-Down Mind of Bob Newhart in early 1960. It hit number one on the Mono Action Albums chart (Billboard 200) for all recordings, including music. It stayed at the top for 14 weeks. It was only dethroned later the same year by the rushed out sequel, The Button-Down Mind Strikes Back!. The two albums occupied the top two spots for nearly 30 weeks, a record not surpassed until 1991 by Guns N'Roses.
The 1960s saw a comedy album phenomenon with the likes of Nichols and May, Smothers Brothers, Jonathan Winters, Dick Gregory, Carl Reiner, Mel Brooks, Tom Lehrer, Bill Cosby, Lenny Bruce, Redd Foxx, Allan Sherman and Vaughn Meader. In the 1970s, comedy albums developed a reputation for being targeted towards college students, being countercultural and not being allowed on TV. Notable artists were among others George Carlin, Cheech and Chong, Richard Pryor, Robert Klein, David Steinberg, Lily Tomlin, National Lampoon and Steve Martin.
The Firesign Theatre, an improvisational surreal radio comedy troupe formed on Los Angeles KPFK FM on November 6, 1966, released in January 1968 a tightly-scripted comedy album Waiting for the Electrician or Someone Like Him on Columbia Records. Side 1 consists of a trilogy of extended audio plays: "Temporarily Humboldt County" (9:14), which satirizes the Europeans' displacement of the indigenous peoples of the Americas; "W.C. Fields Forever" (7:39), which satirizes the 1960s hippie culture, and "Le Trente-Huit Cunegonde (Returned For Regrooving)" (7:19) which imagined a projected future in which the roles of the hippie counterculture and the Establishment culture have reversed roles. Side 2 (17:48) is the title track, a stream-of-consciousness play about an American tourist to an Eastern Bloc country, who ends up in prison and is rescued by the CIA. The Firesign Theatre produced fifteen albums designed for FM air play under two five-year recording contracts, and spawned an underground comedy cult. They won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation by the World Science Fiction Society for two of their albums in 1971 and 1972. They continued recording on other labels as late as 2011, and three of their albums received nominations for Best Comedy Album Grammy in 1984, 1988, and 2001.
Party records
Party records were a genre of blue comedy albums in the 1950s, 60s, and 70s that were notable for their raunchy adult content and often featured African American comedians. Due to obscenity laws, party records were typically not displayed on record store shelves but were kept under the counter, sold by request, and promoted by word of mouth. Laff Records was a notable producer of party records. Comedians who became known due to party records include Richard Pryor, Redd Foxx, Lawanda Page, Moms Mabley, Rudy Ray Moore, Tina Dixon, Belle Barth, Skillet & Leroy, and Richard & Willie.
Further reading
References
Gonia capitata is a Palaearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.
Range
Europe, Mongolia, China, Russia (West Russia & Western Siberia), Caucasus.
Hosts
The larvae of Agrotis and Euxoa obelisca. One record from Ceramica pisi.
References
Diptera of Europe
Diptera of Asia
Insects described in 1776
Exoristinae
Taxa named by Charles De Geer
Spellacy may refer to:
Frank Spellacy (born 1901), American football player
James Spellacy, English footballer
Thomas J. Spellacy (1880–1957), an American political leader and lawyer
The Roman Catholic Church in Uganda is composed of 4 ecclesiastical provinces and 15 suffragan dioceses.
List of dioceses
Episcopal Conference of Uganda
Ecclesiastical Province of Gulu
Archdiocese of Gulu
Diocese of Arua
Diocese of Lira
Diocese of Nebbi
Ecclesiastical Province of Kampala
Archdiocese of Kampala
Diocese of Kasana–Luweero
Diocese of Kiyinda–Mityana
Diocese of Lugazi
Diocese of Masaka
Ecclesiastical Province of Mbarara
Archdiocese of Mbarara
Diocese of Fort Portal
Diocese of Hoima
Diocese of Kabale
Diocese of Kasese
Diocese of Mbarara
Ecclesiastical Province of Tororo
Archdiocese of Tororo
Diocese of Jinja
Diocese of Kotido
Diocese of Moroto
Diocese of Soroti
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
GCatholic.org.
Uganda
Catholic dioceses
Hill Fort Palace, also known as Ritz Hotel is a royal palace located in Naubhat Pahad, Hyderabad, Telangana. The property is now owned by Government of Telangana, Telangana State Tourism Development Corporation
History
It was built in 1915 by Nizamat Jung, who served as chief justice in the government of Nizam, India. His stay in the palace was for 15 years. The architecture is in style of Trinity College, Cambridge.
In 1929, after he went on Haj he wanted to live a simpler life so it was purchased by Asaf Jah VII for his son Prince Moazzam Jah, and it was then designated as the official residence of the chairman of the City Improvement Board.
In 1955, it was taken over by Indian government after Operation Polo. It was leased to a star hotel, The Ritz Hotel Company on lease in the 1980. The hotel was operating till the late 1997.
Today, it is dilapidated and in urgent need of restoration.
Location
The palace is located in the heart of the city near Naubat Pahad spread over 6 acres.
External links
Narendra Luther's feature on the Palace
References
Hyderabad State
Heritage structures in Hyderabad, India
Royal residences in India
Palaces in Hyderabad, India
Hotels in Hyderabad
Houses completed in 1880
1880 establishments in India
Palaces of Nizams of Hyderabad
M. sylvestris may refer to:
Malus sylvestris, a crabapple species native to Europe
Malva sylvestris, a mallow species
Miacis sylvestris, a primitive carnivoran
Synonyms
Melittis sylvestris, a synonym for Melittis melissophyllum, the bastard balm, a plant species
Mentha sylvestris, a synonym for Mentha longifolia, a plant species native to Europe
See also
Sylvestris (disambiguation)
Tomizawa (written: 富沢 or 富澤) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese high jumper
, Japanese manga artist
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese windsurfer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese voice actress and singer
, Japanese motorcycle racer
, Japanese comedian and actor
See also
Tomizawa Station, a metro station in Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan
Japanese-language surnames
Schauspielhaus Vienna is a theatre in Vienna, Austria, located at 19 Porzellangasse in the 9th District of Vienna (Alsergrund).
Tomas Schweigen has been the artistic director since 1 July 2015. The current ensemble is made up of three actresses and four actors from five European countries.
History
The history of the theatre extends back to the beginning of the 20th century, when there was a variety club located in the basement of 19 Porzellangasse. This was later adapted into one of Vienna's first cinemas and operated from 1913 to 1975 under the names Heimat-Kino ("Home Cinema") and Citta 2000 (including a period during the Third Reich where it was cleared of non-Aryan control). In the last year of its existence, it held seating for 597 people.
1979–1986
The actual theatre opened on 4 May 1978 with Jean Genet's play ("The Balcony")<ref>Fritz Walden: In Schauspielhauseröffnung in der Porzellangasse mit Genets "Der Balkon": Illusion und Scheinwirklichkeit. In Arbeiter-Zeitung Vienna 6 May 1978, (arbeiter-zeitung.at – das offene Online-Archiv – Digitalisat). [in German]</ref> following its renovation by Hans Gratzer (1941 in Vienna Neustadt – 2005 in Rainfeld), leader of the theatre group ("Workshop") which operated out of the theatre. Hans Gratzer performed classic productions, contemporary drama and musical productions at the Schauspielhaus until 1986.
1987–1990
From 1987 until 1990, George Tabori (*1914 in Budapest; † 2007 in Berlin) installed his theatre group ("the Circle") in the theatre.
1991–2001
Hans Gratzer returned to the between 1991 and 2001 for a second spell as director. He tried to position the theatre as a first-class contemporary German-language theatre by hosting premiers and first performances. One of his greatest successes was in discovering the playwright Werner Schwab. In his final season, Gratzer, working alongside Martin Haselböck, produced only musical theatre from the theatre, while a completely new form of theatre, ("shop window"), was staged in the alleyway pub next door.
2001–2007
Airan Berg (*1961 in Tel Aviv) und Barrie Kosky (*1967 in Melbourne) were installed as artistic directors of the theatre in 2001. Their intercultural approach opened the theatre up to diverse interpretations of the most varied cultures. The campaign ("Hunger for Art and Culture") was initiated in 2003 with cooperation from the National Anti-Poverty Conference, with the aim of making the arts accessible to people from socially disadvantaged backgrounds. Kosky departed in 2005 following creative differences with his co-director; Airan Berg led it until 2007 as an international coproduction stage. ("Theatre for Everyone") started in 2005 through cooperation between the Schauspielhaus and the University of Vienna (Faculty of Education); this was a project aiming to open up theatre to the blind and partially-sighted through the use of trained cultural assistants.
2007–2015
Andreas Beck (*1965 in Mülheim an der Ruhr) became artistic director of the Schauspielhaus from 2007 until 2015. Under his direction, the Schauspielhaus saw itself as a theatre of the contemporary, as an author's theatre in the "classical" sense. The focus was on young and recent drama. Andreas Beck was commended for the new start in the Schauspielhaus Vienna with the Nestroy Special Prize 2008.
More Nestroy Theatre Awards followed; Kathrin Röggla won the Authors Prize 2010 (best play) for her writing on "worst case", produced by Lukas Bangerter. In 2011 Franziska Hackl was the winner of the Rising Star category for Flora in Grillenpark by Thomas Arzt. In the Best Actor category the same year, Max Mayer was commended for his role as the hunter/fisher in the same play, as well as different rolls in Bruno Schulz: Der Messias by Malgorzata Sikorska Miszuk. In 2014, the Authors Prize (Best Play) went to David Grieg for Die Ereignisse in its first German production by Ramin Gray. The Nestroy for the Best Set Design 2015 was awarded to Ivan Bazak for Johnny Breitwieser, while the lead actor Martin Vischer was nominated for Best Actor.
Since 2015
Tomas Schweigen (*1977 in Vienna) has been artistic director of since July 2015. Jan-Christoph Gockel was nominated for the Nestroy Theatre Award in the category Best Director in 2016, for his work on Imperium, adapted from Christian Kracht's novel of the same name. The 2016/17 season was the first time in the history of the theatre that two productions – Cellar Door and Imperium – had been nominate for the Berliner Theatertreffen ("Berlin Theatre Festival"). In the same year, the production Città del Vaticano from Falk Richter/Nir de Volff was invited to the Lessingtagen theatre festival at Hamburg's Thalia Theatre, while by Miroslava Svolikova (Director: Franz-Xaver Mayr) was invited to the Authors Theatre Festival at the Deutsches Theater in Berlin.
Ensemble
Under the leadership of artistic director Tomas Schweigen, the current ensemble is made up of Simon Bauer, Vera von Gunten, Jesse Inman, Steffen Link, Sophia Löffler, Vassilissa Reznikoff and Sebastian Schindegger – three actresses and four actors from five European countries.
References
Further reading
Schauspielhaus Materialien. (Periodikum; Erscheinungsverlauf: 1.1983–14.1985 nachgewiesen). Schauspielhaus, Vienna. [in German]
Annemarie Türk (Idee und Koord.), Karin Kathrein (Vorwort): Schauspielhaus. 1978–1986. Löcker, Vienna 1986, . [in German]
Wolfgang Reiter, Heinz Rögl (Mitarb.): . Falter, Vienna 1993, . [in German]
Schauspielhaus Vienna: . (Periodikum; Erscheinungsverlauf: 1.1999–2.2000 nachgewiesen). Schauspielhaus-Betriebsges.m.b.H., Vienna. [in German]
Hans Gratzer (Hrsg.): . Schauspielhaus Betriebsgesellschaft, Vienna 2001, . [in German]
Doris Schrenk: . Diplomarbeit. Universität Vienna, Vienna 2009. – Full text online (PDF; free of charge 1 MB). [in German]
Alexandra Sommer, Irmgard Maria Fuchs: . Masters Thesis. Universität Vienna, Vienna 2009. – Full text online (PDF; free of charge, 1,5 MB). [in German]
Petra Paterno: . (Edition Theater, Band 3). Edition Atelier, Vienna 2013, . [in German]
Hannes Wurm: . Masters Thesis. Universität Vienna, Vienna 2003. – Full text online (PDF; free of charge, 1 MB). [in German]
External links
Theatres in Vienna
Buildings and structures in Vienna
Gerard Starkie is an English musician and former lead singer of Witness. After Witness split up in 2004, Starkie went on to record his debut album Drawbridge with former Witness band members, releasing it as a free download on his official MySpace site.
Gerard released his second album Potions in July 2011 on UK indie label Lupine Records.
Gerard has had several of his songs picked up for use on TV and film around the world. "Here's One For You" featured on the soundtrack to American Pie 2, whilst "Closing Up" featured on Cougar Town in 2009.
References
External links
Official Gerard Starkie website
Official Witness website
English rock singers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
N'Diaye is the Senegalese variant of the name Njie. N'Diaye may refer to:
Alassane N'Diaye (born 1990), French-Senegalese football player
Albert Abdoulaye N'Diaye
Alfred N'Diaye (born 1990), French-Senegalese football player
Amath Ndiaye Diedhiou (born 1996), Senegalese football player
Assane N'Diaye (1974–2008), Senegalese football player
Cheick N'Diaye (born 1985), Senegalese football player
Doudou N'Diaye Rose (born 1928), Senegalese drummer
Elhadjy Madior N'Diaye (born 1983), Senegalese football player
Hamady N'Diaye (born 1987), Senegalese basketball player
Iba N'Diaye (born 1928), French-Senegalese painter
Leyti N'Diaye (born 1985), Senegalese footballer
Maimouna N'Diaye, Senegalese actress and comedian
Makhtar N'Diaye (born 1981), Senegalese football player
Makhtar N'Diaye (basketball) (born 1973), Senegalese basketball player
Mamadou N'Diaye (born 1975), Senegalese professional basketball player
Mamadou N'Diaye (born 1984), Senegalese footballer
Mamadou N'Diaye (born 1993), Senegalese professional basketball player
Mame N'Diaye (born 1986), Senegalese footballer
Mohamed N'Diaye (born 1997), Guinean footballer
Mouhamed N'Diaye (born 1996), Senegalese footballer
Momar N'Diaye (born 1987), Senegalese football striker
Moussa N'Diaye (born 1979), Senegalese football player
Nicolas Ambroise N'Diaye
Pepe N'Diaye (born 1975), Senegalese football player
Papa Waigo N'Diaye (born 1984), Senegalese football player
Sylvain N'Diaye (born 1976), French-born Senegalese footballer
Tenema N'Diaye (born 1981), Malian football player
See also
Ndiaye (disambiguation)
Ndoye (disambiguation)
Serer surnames
Riley Baugus is an American old-time guitarist, banjo player, fiddler, singer and instrument builder from North Carolina.
Early life
Baugus grew up in the Regular Baptist tradition, which gave him a solid foundation in unaccompanied singing. He began playing the fiddle at age 10 and grew up with the fiddler Kirk Sutphin. As a youth, he also had the opportunity to study with old-time musicians from Surry County, North Carolina and Grayson County, Virginia, including Tommy Jarrell, Robert Sykes, Dix Freeman, Verlin Clifton, and Paul Sutphin. He is influenced particularly by the Round Peak style of Surry County, North Carolina.
Career
Baugus worked as a welder and blacksmith for 18 years before becoming a professional musician. He has performed throughout the United States, as well as in Canada, Ireland, Scotland, and England. He has played with several old-time string bands, including The Farmer's Daughters, The Konnarock Critters, The Red Hots, Backstep, and the Old Hollow Stringband. He tours regularly with Dirk Powell and Tim O'Brien, and frequently performs and tours with the dancer Ira Bernstein, with the duo show Appalachian Roots. He often performs as a guest musician with the Dirk Powell Band and the North Carolina folk band Polecat Creek. He sang on the soundtrack to the 2003 film Cold Mountain. He has recorded with Robert Plant, Alison Krauss, Willie Nelson, Dirk Powell, and Martha Scanlan. He has taught banjo at the Augusta Heritage Center's Old Time Week in Elkins, West Virginia and at the Midwest Banjo Camp, in Olivet, Michigan.
Baugus released his first album, Life of Riley, in 2001. A second album, Long Steel Rail, was released in 2006.
He lives in Walkertown, North Carolina.
Discography
Albums
{| class="wikitable"
! Year
! Album
|-
| 2001
| Life Of Riley (Yodel Ay Hee)
|-
| 2006
| Long Steel Rail (Sugar Hill)
|-
| 2019
| Little Black Train's a Comin''' (Old Garden Records)
|}
Collaborations
Other appearances
References
External links
Riley Baugus official site
Appalachian Roots
[ Allmusic entry]
Listening
"Banjo Master Baugus Looks to Old Times", by Noah Adams, from Weekend Edition Saturday, September 1, 2007
"Riley Baugus on Mountain Stage", from Mountain Stage'', August, 2009
Singers from North Carolina
Appalachian old-time fiddlers
American banjoists
American folk singers
American folk guitarists
Old-time musicians
Baptists from North Carolina
1960s births
People from Forsyth County, North Carolina
American acoustic guitarists
American male guitarists
Living people
Guitarists from North Carolina
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Fakhrabad (, also Romanized as Fakhrābād) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 409, in 92 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Hiltpoltstein is a market village in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. At its centre is Hiltpoltstein Castle.
References
Forchheim (district)
Transmission standards in use
CAM-D
C-QUAM
Digital Radio Mondiale
HD Radio
List of Stations on Shortwave
_9265 DRM30 WINB 50000 0700-1000UTC
13655 DRM30 WINB 50000 1000-1100UTC
15750 DRM30 WINB 50000 1100-1700UTC
List of Stations on Mediumwave
_540 CQUAM WXYG 850
_550 HDAM1 KFYI 5000
_550 HDAM1 KTSA 5000
_550 HDAM1 WBZS 1000
_560 HDAM1 KLZ_ 5000
_560 HDAM1 WHYN 5000
_560 HDAM1 WQAM 5000
_560 HDAM1 WRDT 500
_570 HDAM1 KLAC 5000
_570 HDAM1 KLIF 5000
_570 HDAM1 WWRC 5000
_580 HDAM1 KMJ_ 50000
_580 HDAM1 WGAC 5000
_580 HDAM1 WHP_ 5000
_580 HDAM1 WTAG 5000
_590 HDAM1 KQNT 5000
_590 CQUAM WWLX 600
_600 HDAM1 KOGO 5000
_600 HDAM1 WBOB 5000
_600 HDAM1 WCAO 5000
_600 HDAM1 WMT_ 5000
_600 HDAM1 WREC 5000
_610 CQUAM KCSR 1000
_610 HDAM1 KOJM 1000
_610 HDAM1 WFNZ 5000
_610 HDAM1 WTEL 5000
_610 HDAM1 WTVN 5000
_620 HDAM1 KTAR 5000
_620 HDAM1 KTNO 5000
_620 HDAM1 WDAE 10000
_620 CQUAM WKHB 5500
_620 HDAM1 WTMJ 50000
_630 CQUAM CFCO 10000
_630 HDAM1 KHOW 5000
_630 HDAM1 WPRO 5000
_630 HDAM1 WSBN 5000
_640 HDAM1 KFI_ 50000
_640 HDAM1 KWPN 5000
_640 HDAM1 WOI_ 5000
_640 HDAM1 WWJZ 50000
_650 HDAM1 KENI 50000
_650 HDAM1 KSTE 21400
_650 HDAM3 WSRO 1500
_660 HDAM1 WFAN 50000
_670 HDAM1 KBOI 50000
_670 HDAM1 KDLG 10000
_670 HDAM1 KLTT 50000
_670 HDAM1 WSCR 50000
_680 HDAM1 KKYX 50000
_690 HDAM1 WJOX 50000
_700 CQUAM WARB 1600
_700 HDAM1 WLW_ 50000
_710 HDAM1 KSPN 50000
_710 HDAM1 WOR_ 50000
_720 HDAM1 KDWN 50000
_720 HDAM1 KOTZ 10000
_720 HDAM1 WGN_ 50000
_730 HDAM1 KDBI 15000
_730 HDAM1 KYYA 5000
_730 CQUAM WACE 5000
_730 HDAM1 WTNT 8000
_740 HDAM1 KBRT 50000
_740 HDAM1 KCBS 50000
_740 HDAM1 KVOR 3300
_740 HDAM1 WDGY 2500
_740 CQUAM WJIB 250
_740 HDAM1 WSBR 2500
_750 CQUAM CKJH 25000
_750 HDAM1 KOAL 10000
_750 HDAM1 WSB_ 50000
_760 HDAM1 KDFD 50000
_760 HDAM1 KTKR 50000
_760 HDAM1 WJR_ 50000
_770 CQUAM CHQR 50000
_770 HDAM1 KAAM 10000
_770 HDAM1 KCBC 50000
_770 HDAM1 KCHU 9750
_770 HDAM1 WABC 50000
_770 CQUAM WLWL 5000
_770 HDAM1 WWCN 10000
_780 HDAM1 WBBM 42000
_790 HDAM1 KABC 5000
_790 HDAM1 KBME 5000
_790 HDAM1 WPRV 5000
_790 HDAM1 WQXI 28000
_800 CQUAM KINY 10000
_800 HDAM1 WNNW 3000
_810 HDAM1 KGO_ 50000
_810 HDAM1 KLVZ 2200
_810 HDAM1 WGY_ 50000
_820 HDAM1 KUTR 50000
_820 HDAM1 WBAP 50000
_820 HDAM1 WNYC 10000
_820 HDAM1 WVSG 5000
_820 HDAM1 WWBA 50000
_820 HDAM3 WWFD 4300
_830 HDAM1 KLAA 50000
_830 HDAM1 KSDP 1000
_830 HDAM1 WCCO 50000
_830 CQUAM WMMI 1000
_840 HDAM1 KXNT 50000
_840 HDAM1 WHAS 50000
_850 HDAM1 KFUO 5000
_850 HDAM1 KHHO 10000
_850 HDAM1 KOA_ 50000
_850 HDAM1 WXJC 50000
_860 HDAM1 KMVP 940
_860 HDAM1 KONO 5000
_860 HDAM1 WAEC 5000
_860 HDAM1 WWDB 10000
_870 HDAM1 WKAR 10000
_880 CQUAM CHQT 50000
_880 HDAM1 WCBS 50000
_890 HDAM1 KBBI 10000
_890 HDAM1 WLS_ 50000
_900 CQUAM WKDA 5000
_910 HDAM1 KGME 5000
_910 HDAM1 KIYU 5000
_910 HDAM1 KKSF 20000
_910 HDAM1 KPOF 5000
_910 HDAM1 KWDZ 5000
_910 HDAM1 WFDF 50000
_910 HDAM1 WRNL 5000
_910 HDAM1 WSUI 5000
_920 HDAM1 KARN 5000
_920 HDAM1 WBAA 5000
_920 CQUAM WGOL 1000
_920 HDAM1 WHJJ 5000
_920 HDAM1 WOKY 5000
_930 CQUAM KKIN 2500
_930 HDAM1 KNSA 2500
_930 HDAM1 WFXJ 5000
_930 HDAM1 WLBL 5000
_930 HDAM1 WPKX 5000
_940 HDAM1 WIPR 10000
_940 CQUAM WYLD 10000
_950 HDAM1 KCAP 5000
_950 HDAM1 KKSE 5000
_950 HDAM1 KPRC 5000
_950 HDAM1 WKDN 43000
_950 HDAM1 WWJ_ 50000
_950 HDAM1 WXGI 3900
_950 HDAM1 XEKAM 20000
_960 HDAM1 KNEW 5000
_960 HDAM1 WELI 5000
_960 HDAM1 WERC 5000
_970 HDAM1 KESP 1000
_970 HDAM1 WFLA 25000
_970 HDAM1 WHA_ 5000
_970 HDAM1 XEEZ 5000
_980 HDAM1 KFWB 5000
_980 HDAM1 WHSR 5000
_980 HDAM1 WOFX 5000
_980 HDAM1 WONE 5000
_980 HDAM1 WTEM 50000
_990 HDAM1 KATD 10000
_990 HDAM1 WDCX 5000
_990 HDAM1 WMYM 5000
_990 HDAM1 WTLN 50000
1000 HDAM1 KTOK 5000
1000 HDAM1 WMVP 50000
1010 HDAM1 WINS 50000
1010 HDAM1 WOLB 1000
1020 HDAM1 KDKA 50000
1020 HDAM1 KTNQ 50000
1030 CQUAM KDUN 50000
1030 HDAM1 WBZ_ 50000
1040 HDAM1 KCBR 15000
1040 HDAM1 WHO_ 50000
1050 HDAM1 KTCT 50000
1060 HDAM1 KYW_ 50000
1070 HDAM1 KNX_ 50000
1070 HDAM1 WAPI 50000
1070 HDAM1 WDIA 50000
1070 HDAM1 WFNI 50000
1070 HDAM1 WNCT 10000
1070 HDAM1 WTSO 10000
1080 HDAM1 KRLD 50000
1080 CQUAM KYMO 500
1080 CQUAM WOAP 1000
1080 HDAM1 WTIC 50000
1090 HDAM1 KMXA 50000
1090 HDAM1 WILD 4800
1090 CQUAM WKTE 1000
1100 HDAM1 WTAM 50000
1100 HDAM1 WWWE 5000
1110 HDAM1 KDIS 50000
1110 HDAM1 KFAB 50000
1110 HDAM1 WBT_ 50000
1120 HDAM1 KMOX 50000
1130 HDAM1 KTLK 50000
1130 HDAM1 WDFN 50000
1130 HDAM1 WISN 50000
1140 HDAM1 KHTK 50000
1140 HDAM1 WRVA 50000
1140 HDAM1 WVEL 5000
1160 HDAM1 KRDY 10000
1160 HDAM1 KSL_ 50000
1160 HDAM1 KVCE 35000
1170 HDAM1 KFAQ 50000
1170 HDAM1 KLOK 50000
1170 CQUAM KYET 6000
1170 HDAM1 WWVA 50000
1180 HDAM1 WHAM 50000
1190 HDAM1 KEX_ 50000
1190 HDAM1 KPHN 5000
1190 HDAM1 WOWO 50000
1200 HDAM1 WCHB 50000
1200 HDAM1 WOAI 50000
1200 HDAM1 WRTO 10000
1210 CQUAM KGYN 10000
1210 HDAM1 WLRO 10000
1210 HDAM1 WPHT 50000
1220 HDAM1 KLDC 660
1220 CQUAM WSLM 5000
1220 HDAM1 WZBK 1000
1230 HDAM1 KDIX 1000
1230 HDAM1 KOY_ 1000
1230 HDAM1 KSJK 1000
1230 CQUAM WBLQ 1000
1230 HDAM1 WCWA 1000
1230 HDAM1 WECK 1000
1230 HDAM3 WFAS 1000
1230 HDAM1 WJBC 1000
1230 HDAM1 WJOI 627
1230 CQUAM WNNC 1000
1230 HDAM1 WTKG 1000
1230 HDAM1 WYTS 1000
1240 HDAM1 KDSK 1000
1240 CQUAM KJAA 1000
1240 HDAM1 KJCR 1000
1240 HDAM1 WBAS 1000
1240 HDAM1 WHVN 1000
1240 HDAM1 WMMB 1000
1240 CQUAM WPAX 1000
1240 HDAM1 WTAX 1000
1250 HDAM1 KKDZ 5000
1250 HDAM1 KWSU 5000
1250 HDAM1 WHNZ 25000
1250 HDAM1 WPGP 5000
1260 HDAM1 WBIX 5000
1260 HDAM1 WCCR 10000
1260 HDAM1 WNDE 5000
1260 HDAM1 WSDZ 20000
1260 HDAM1 WSUA 50000
1260 HDAM1 WWVT 5000
1260 HDAM1 WYDE 5000
1270 HDAM1 KFLC 50000
1270 HDAM1 WCGC 10000
1270 CAM-D WKBF 5000
1270 HDAM1 WXYT 50000
1280 HDAM1 KWSX 1000
1280 HDAM1 WADO 50000
1280 HDAM1 WHTK 5000
1290 HDAM1 KCUB 1000
1290 CQUAM KRGE 5000
1290 HDAM1 WDZY 25000
1290 HDAM1 WPVD 10000
1290 HDAM1 WWTX 2500
1300 HDAM1 KAKC 5000
1300 HDAM1 KCSF 5000
1300 CQUAM KHTW 2170
1300 HDAM1 KPMO 5000
1300 HDAM1 WAVZ 1000
1300 HDAM1 WRDZ 4500
1310 HDAM1 KMKY 5000
1310 HDAM1 KTCK 9000
1310 CQUAM WEMG 1000
1310 HDAM1 WGSP 1000
1310 HDAM1 WIBA 5000
1310 CQUAM WOKR 1000
1310 HDAM1 WTLC 5000
1320 CQUAM KCLI 1000
1330 CQUAM KGAK 5000
1330 HDAM1 KJPR 1000
1330 HDAM1 KKPZ 5000
1340 HDAM1 KCBL 1000
1340 HDAM1 KDCO 1000
1340 HDAM1 KUOW 1000
1340 CQUAM KIKO 1000
1340 CQUAM KXEO 960
1340 CQUAM WBBT 1000
1340 HDAM1 WEXL 1000
1340 HDAM1 WHAT 1000
1340 CQUAM WIRY 1000
1340 HDAM1 WIZE 1000
1350 HDAM1 WARF 5000
1350 CQUAM WINY 5000
1350 HDAM1 WMMV 1000
1360 HDAM1 WSAI 5000
1370 CQUAM KFRO 1000
1370 CQUAM KSUM 1000
1370 HDAM1 WSPD 5000
1380 HDAM1 KMUS 7000
1380 HDAM1 KRKO 34000
1380 HDAM1 WPLA 1000
1380 HDAM1 WWMI 5000
1390 HDAM1 KGNU 5000
1390 HDAM1 WGRB 5000
1390 HDAM1 WNIO 9500
1390 CQUAM WZZB 1000
1400 HDAM1 KTUC 1000
1400 HDAM1 WCOS 1000
1400 HDAM1 WGIN 1000
1400 HDAM1 WJLD 1000
1400 HDAM1 WWIN 500
1430 CQUAM KALV 500
1430 HDAM1 KTBZ 25000
1430 CQUAM WION 4700
1430 HDAM1 WKOX 5000
1430 HDAM1 WPLN 15000
1430 CQUAM WRDN 2000
1440 HDAM1 KFOO 1000
1440 HDAM1 KYCR 5000
1440 CQUAM WGEM 5000
1450 CQUAM KBPS 1000
1450 HDAM1 KMRY 1000
1450 HDAM1 KRZY 1000
1450 HDAM1 KTZR 1000
1450 CQUAM KWHW 668
1450 HDAM1 WBYU 1000
1450 CQUAM WCJU 1000
1450 HDAM1 WILM 1000
1450 CQUAM WIOE 1000
1450 HDAM1 WOL_ 1000
1450 HDAM1 WSDV 1000
1460 HDAM1 KXNO 5000
1460 HDAM1 WOPG 5000
1460 HDAM1 WTKT 5000
1470 HDAM1 KIID 5000
1470 HDAM3 WMGG 2800
1470 HDAM1 WSAN 5000
1470 HDAM1 WWNN 50000
1480 HDAM1 WDAS 5000
1480 HDAM1 WGFY 4400
1480 HDAM1 WGVU 2000
1480 HDAM1 WKGC 500
1490 HDAM1 KCFC 1000
1490 HDAM1 WBAE 1000
1490 CQUAM WIKE 1000
1490 HDAM1 WOLF 1000
1490 HDAM1 WPCI 1000
1490 CQUAM WPCI 1000
1500 HDAM1 WFED 50000
1510 HDAM1 WLAC 50000
1520 HDAM1 KKXA 50000
1530 HDAM1 KFBK 50000
1530 HDAM1 KQSC 15000
1530 HDAM1 WCKY 50000
1540 HDAM1 WDCD 50000
1550 HDAM1 WSDK 5000
1560 HDAM1 WFME 50000
1570 HDAM1 KCVR 5000
1580 HDAM1 KQFN 50000
1580 CAM-D WSRF 10000
1580 CQUAM WZKY 1000
1590 HDAM1 KMIC 5000
1600 HDAM1 KATZ 5000
1600 HDAM1 KEPN 5000
1600 CAM-D KPNP 5000
1600 HDAM1 KXEW 1000
1600 HDAM1 WATX 1000
1600 HDAM1 WPOM 5000
1620 HDAM1 WTAW 10000
1630 HDAM1 WRDW 10000
1640 HDAM1 KDZR 10000
1640 HDAM1 WSJP 10000
1660 CQUAM KQWB 10000
1660 CQUAM WTOU 10000
1690 HDAM1 KDMT 10000
1690 HDAM1 WVON 10000
1700 HDAM1 KKLF 10000
1700 HDAM1 WRCR 10000
External sources
Topaz Designs
DRMRX
Meduci
FCC
Multistandard Mediumwave Receivers
Lists of radio stations
Paracobitis zabgawraensis is a species of stone loach found in the Great Zab River in Iraqi Kurdistan and Habour in Turkey. This species reaches a length of .
References
zabgawraensis
Fish of Asia
Fish of Afghanistan
Taxa named by Jörg Freyhof
Taxa named by Hamid Reza Esmaeili
Taxa named by Golnaz Sayyadzadeh
Taxa named by Matthias F. Geiger
Fish described in 2014
Carenum habitans is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1890.
References
habitans
Beetles described in 1890
The 73rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in central Pennsylvania and has been represented by Tommy Sankey since 2015.
District profile
The 73rd District is located in Cambria County and Clearfield County and includes the following areas:
Cambria County
Barr Township
Carrolltown
East Carroll
Elder Township
Hastings
Northern Cambria
Patton
Susquehanna Township
West Carroll Township
Clearfield County
Beccaria Township
Bigler Township
Boggs Township
Bradford Township
Brisbin
Burnside
Burnside Township
Chester Hill
Chest Township
Clearfield
Coalport
Cooper Township
Covington Township
Decatur Township
Girard Township
Goshen Township
Glen Hope
Graham Township
Gulich Township
Houtzdale
Irvona
Jordan Township
Karthaus Township
Knox Township
Lawrence Township
Morris Township
Osceola Mills
Pike Township
Ramey
Wallaceton
Westover
Woodward Township
Representatives
References
Government of Cambria County, Pennsylvania
Government of Clearfield County, Pennsylvania
73
Hotel Albert may refer to:
In the United States
Hotel Albert (New York, New York), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Manhattan
Hotel Albert Commercial Block, Walterboro, South Carolina, listed on the NRHP in Colleton County
Hotel Albert (Salt Lake City, Utah), listed on the NRHP in Salt Lake City, Utah
Kotrikadze () is a Georgian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ekaterina Kotrikadze (born 1984), Georgian-Russian journalist and media manager
Sergo Kotrikadze (1936–2011), Georgian-Soviet association footballer
Georgian-language surnames
Laura Lee Wyld, Baroness Wyld (born 13 January 1978) is a British communications specialist and life peer. She served as head of the Prime Minister's Appointments Unit from 2013 to 2016, and has been a Conservative member of the House of Lords since 2017.
Wyld was educated in Newcastle upon Tyne and at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge, where she read history. She was nominated for a life peerage as part of David Cameron's Resignation Honours in 2016, but the creation of her peerage was set to be delayed until the start of the next parliamentary session. She was created Baroness Wyld, of Gosforth in the City of Newcastle upon Tyne, on 22 June 2017.
References
1978 births
Living people
Conservative Party (UK) life peers
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Alumni of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge
British public relations people
Auvernier Castle is a castle in the municipality of Auvernier of the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Château
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Neuchâtel
Castles in the canton of Neuchâtel
Memento Park (Hungarian: Szoborpark) is an open-air museum in Budapest, Hungary, dedicated to monumental statues and sculpted plaques from Hungary's Communist period (1949–1989). There are statues of Lenin, Marx, and Engels, as well as several Hungarian Communist leaders. The park was designed by Hungarian architect Ákos Eleőd, who won the competition announced by the Budapest General Assembly (Fővárosi Közgyűlés) in 1991. On public transport diagrams and other documents the park is usually shown as Memorial Park.
A quote by the architect on the project: "This park is about dictatorship. And at the same time, because it can be talked about, described, built, this park is about democracy. After all, only democracy is able to give the opportunity to let us think freely about dictatorship."
Memento Park is divided into two sections: Statue Park, officially named "A Sentence About Tyranny" Park after a poem of the same name by Gyula Illyés, and laid out as six oval sections; and Witness Square (also called "Neverwas Square"), which lies east of the main park entrance and is visible without payment. Statue Park houses 42 of the statues and monuments that were removed from Budapest after the fall of communism. Witness Square holds a replica of Stalin's Boots which became a symbol of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, after the statue of Stalin was pulled down from its pedestal, and is flanked by two single storey timber structures housing the internal exhibition space, their design being evocative of simple internment camp buildings.
History
After the fall of the Communist regime in Hungary in 1989, many of the Communist statues and monuments were immediately removed. These formed the basis for the current collection of statues in the park. On 29 June 1993, the second anniversary of the withdrawal of the Soviet troops from Hungarian territory, the park celebrated a grand opening as a public outdoor museum.
In 2006, a life-sized copy of the tribune of the Stalin Monument in Budapest was built in the Statue Park with the broken bronze shoes on top of the pedestal. This is not an accurate copy of the original, but an artistic recreation by Ákos Eleőd.
In 2007, a new exhibition hall and a small movie theater were opened in the Witness Square of Memento Park. The photo exhibition called "Stalin's Boots" in the exhibition hall takes the viewer through the history of the 1956 revolution, of the political changes of 1989–1990 and of Memento Park, with both English and Hungarian captions. In the barracks-theater one can see The Life of an Agent, a documentary on the methods used by the secret police, directed by Gábor Zsigmond Papp. The film is shown in Hungarian with English subtitles.
Sculptures, monuments and plaques
The Wall behind the Scenes
The Endless Parade of Liberation Monuments
The Endless Parade of Personalities of the Workers Movement
The Unending Promenade of Worker's Movement Concepts
See also
The Chiang Kai-shek Statues in Taiwan
Fallen Monument Park, the Russian equivalent.
Grūtas Park, in Lithuania, known colloquially as "Stalin World"
List of Sculpture Parks
Memento Park: A Novel by Mark Sarvas
References
External links
A Sentence on Tyranny – Photographic images of the re-presentation of Soviet-era statues at Szobor Park in Budapest, Hungary An Exhibition in Wellington, New Zealand (2006).
Art museums and galleries in Hungary
Museums in Budapest
Hungarian People's Republic
Sculpture gardens, trails and parks in Europe
Colossal statues
Removed statues
Monument cemeteries
Khvorostyanka () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Khvorostyanka, Belgorod Oblast, a selo in Gubkinsky District of Belgorod Oblast
Khvorostyanka, Kursk Oblast, a village in Lipovsky Selsoviet of Cheremisinovsky District of Kursk Oblast
Khvorostyanka, Dubovskoy Selsoviet, Dobrinsky District, Lipetsk Oblast, a selo in Dubovskoy Selsoviet of Dobrinsky District of Lipetsk Oblast
Khvorostyanka, Khvorostyansky Selsoviet, Dobrinsky District, Lipetsk Oblast, a railway station in Khvorostyansky Selsoviet of Dobrinsky District of Lipetsk Oblast
Khvorostyanka, Moscow Oblast, a village in Znamenskoye Rural Settlement of Kashirsky District of Moscow Oblast
Khvorostyanka, Oryol Oblast, a village in Khvorostyansky Selsoviet of Novosilsky District of Oryol Oblast
Khvorostyanka, Samara Oblast, a selo in Khvorostyansky District of Samara Oblast
Khvorostyanka, Tula Oblast, a village in Ivanovskaya Volost of Kurkinsky District of Tula Oblast
Robert Milligan McLane (June 23, 1815 – April 16, 1898) was an American politician, military officer, and diplomat. He served as U.S. minister to Mexico, France, and China, as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Maryland's 4th district, as chairman of the Democratic National Committee, and as the 39th governor of Maryland.
Early life and military career
McLane was born in Wilmington, Delaware, in 1815, the son of Louis McLane and Catherine Mary Milligan. His birthplace, the Louis McLane House, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. He received early education from a private school conducted by John Bullock, a Quaker. He received higher education from St. Mary's College in Baltimore, Maryland until he moved with his family to Europe, after his father had been appointed as an ambassador to England. He was sent to Paris to receive further education from Collège Bourbon, where he became acquainted with the Marquis de Lafayette. His elder brother was Louis McLane, former president of Wells Fargo & Co.
McLane and his family moved back to the United States in 1833 when his father was appointed Secretary of the Treasury. The same year, McLane was appointed as a cadet in the United States Military Academy at West Point by President Andrew Jackson, and graduated in July 1837 with a commission as second lieutenant of Artillery in the United States Army. McLane was deployed with his regiment to Florida during the Seminole War in 1837 under the command of General Thomas S. Jesup, and in 1838 was re-deployed to the west under General Winfield Scott.
In 1838, he was transferred to the Corps of Topographical Engineers under General Zachary Taylor. In 1841, he was sent to the Northern Lakes for survey work and was also sent to Europe to examine the dikes and drainage systems in the Netherlands and Italy. While in Europe, he met his future wife, Georgine Urquhart, and eventually fathered two children with her. McLane resigned his commission in 1843 to pursue the study of law, and was admitted to the bar the same year. He commenced practice in Baltimore thereafter.
Political and diplomatic career
Early political career and election to Congress
In 1845, McLane was elected as a representative of Baltimore City to the Maryland House of Delegates after successfully campaigning for President James K. Polk a year previous. In 1846, McLane ran for Congress and defeated his Whig opponent, John P. Kennedy, by 500 votes. He was re-elected two years later, and served from March 4, 1847, to March 3, 1851. In Congress, McLane was seen as an exceptional orator, and, during his second term, was chosen as chairman of the Committee on Commerce. He was not a candidate for renomination in 1850. After his tenure in Congress, McLane moved to the Western United States to become a counsel for a mining corporation, which was engaged in legal activities regarding property in California. He remained out West until 1852, when he returned to Maryland to serve as Presidential elector for Franklin Pierce.
Ambassador to China and Mexico
In 1853, during the Taiping Rebellion, President Pierce appointed McLane as commissioner to China, with the powers of a Minister Plenipotentiary, and at the same time accredited to Japan, Siam, Korea, and Cochin China. Despite the civil war, McLane was ordered to secure commercial relations between China and the United States, and was also ordered to negotiate with the rebels while also retaining diplomatic relations with the Imperial Government. He successfully renewed trade relations between both nations, but returned to the United States in 1854 due to poor health. After his return to the United States, he resumed his political activity by serving as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1856, during which he supported future President James Buchanan.
The United States and Mexico had broken off diplomatic relations in 1858, after which civil war broke out in Mexico. McLane was appointed Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Mexico on March 7, 1859, and was charged to determine if the government of Benito Juárez, in opposition to the Emperor, was worthy of recognition. He also negotiated, as ambassador, the McLane-Ocampo Treaty, which would have expanded the transit rights of the U.S. across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec to include an interoceanic canal concession. However, the treaty was not ratified by the United States Senate. McLane retired as Ambassador to Mexico on December 22, 1860.
American Civil War and return to Congress
During the American Civil War, the Federal Government, under President Abraham Lincoln, forcibly forbade the state of Maryland from joining the Confederacy. McLane was a member of the delegation sent to Washington, D.C. to question the actions of the Federal Government. McLane personally believed that the Federal Government did not have the Constitutional right to force Maryland into submission, but determined, along with the rest of the delegation, that Maryland should not secede. During the rest of the War, McLane refocused his attention back towards his law practice, as he had been appointed counsel for the Western Pacific Railroad in the winter of 1863.
McLane would continue to devote his energies towards his law practice until well after the end of the Civil War, and did not re-enter politics until the Democratic National Convention in 1876. He entered the Maryland State Senate in 1877, representing Baltimore City. He left the State Senate in 1879 to again run for election to Congress. He was successful, and served two terms from March 4, 1879, to March 3, 1883. During his first term in Congress, he was chairman of the Committee on Pacific Railroads.
McLane, according to Athen's Post newspaper of 22 March 1861, drew page 1 notice when harangued the audience delighted to hear him "By the living God, the Susquehanna river will run red with blood....I pledge my life and heart to march with you.... For what? To prevent a single human being from crossing into Maryland to execute the laws of the United States." Like many, McLane pumped up the crowds with hate and fear, lots of bravado, but those men who pumped-up crowds this way—did not actually do anything but get others to invade and kill, while they found ways to avoid actual battle.
Governor of Maryland and Ambassador to France
In 1883, the Maryland Democratic Party nominated McLane to be the next Governor of Maryland. In the election, McLane handily defeated his Republican opponent, Hart Benton Holton, by 12,000 votes. During his tenure, several notable pieces of legislation were passed, including the establishment of the Bureau of Statistics and Labor Information, and the establishment of a universal time standard throughout the state. McLane only served as governor for slightly over a year, from January 8, 1884, until his resignation on March 27, 1885, having been appointed by President Grover Cleveland as United States Minister Plenipotentiary to France.
McLane moved to France with his wife, whom he had met there many years previously, to carry out his ambassadorial duties. He established permanent residence in Paris even after his tenure as ambassador expired in 1889, due to his wife's declining health. His own health began to decline in 1891, culminating in 1898 when he died. His body was returned to Baltimore, and was interred at Greenmount Cemetery.
He was admitted as a hereditary member of The Society of the Cincinnati in the state of Maryland in 1858 and later served as the president of the Maryland Society from 1885-1899. The Maryland State Oyster Police Force (“Oyster Navy”), later the State Fishery Force steamer , serving the state from 1884—1945 with a brief World War I period commissioned USS Governor R. M. McLane (SP-1328) was named in his honor.
References
Further reading
Robert Milligan McLane, Reminiscences, 1827-1897 (1903) online
Frank F. White, Jr., The Governors of Maryland 1777–1970 (Annapolis: The Hall of Records Commission, 1970), 201–205.
External links
The Society of the Cincinnati
|-
|-
|-
1815 births
1898 deaths
19th-century American diplomats
19th-century American politicians
Ambassadors of the United States to China
Ambassadors of the United States to France
Ambassadors of the United States to Mexico
Democratic National Committee chairs
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Maryland
Democratic Party governors of Maryland
Governors of Maryland
People from Wilmington, Delaware
United States Army officers
United States Military Academy alumni
Andreas Bauer (born 16 November 1960) is a German boxer. He competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Middleweight boxers
German male boxers
Olympic boxers of West Germany
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Boxers from Berlin
Wierzbięta or Wirzbięta is a Polish-language name and surname derived as a diminutive of the name Wierzba. Notable people with this surname include: Notable people with this name or surname include:
Maciej Wirzbięta (alternatively Wierzbięta; (b. 1523 Kraków, d. June 1605) – Polish printer, translator and bookseller
Wierzbięta z Ruszczy, a Voivode of Kraków
, founder of Krotoszyn
, owner of Kępno
(born 1974), Polish musician, dubbing director and translator
References
Pentagram Chile (previously known as Pentagram) is an extreme metal band from Chile, formed in 1985. They were part of the first wave of extreme metal in the mid 1980s, along with bands like Possessed, Celtic Frost, Sepultura and others. Considered as a very influential band in the Black metal and Death metal genres, they have influenced bands like At The Gates, Dismember, Napalm Death and Avulsed among others.
Early Years (1985—1987)
Their first live performance was on December 28, 1985. The group then consisted of Anton Reisenegger (vocals, guitar) and Juan Pablo Uribe (guitar), two heavy metal fans who were influenced by thrash metal bands such as Exodus, Megadeth, and Metallica, as well as darker, wilder and more raw-edged stuff such as Slayer, Possessed, Kreator and Venom. At that time they played with drummer Eduardo Topelberg. He still had his group Chronos and it took him a year to make the decision to become a stable member of Pentagram.
With this line-up, and with Anton playing the bass parts, Pentagram recorded Demo 1, in January 1987.
One of the characteristics of the thrash metal scene, and, in general, of the extreme metal underground at that time, was tape trading. This helped Pentagram get more fans and reviews in magazines and fanzines. This way, Pentagram made their name well known in Chile and abroad.
Through letters, Reiseneger got in touch with the brothers Max and Igor Cavalera of Sepultura, who hosted him at their home in Belo Horizonte. In those days the Brazilian group was about to release their first album Morbid Visions. Anton remembers the whole Cavalera family gathering around the TV when a commercial announcing the release of Sepultura's debut album was aired on local television.
Now back in Chile, Pentagram consolidated a stable line-up by adding bassist Alfredo "Bey" Peña to their ranks. 1987 was a watershed year for Pentagram. The gigs were becoming more regular. They shared bills with groups such as Necrosis (band), Rust (later Warpath) and Chaos. These concerts were held mainly at gyms and Nathaniel Manuel Plaza in Santiago. The number of people in attendance was increasing in numbers. In September of that year, they recorded Demo 2 in February. A big improvement in terms of sound quality and song writing can be perceived.
Through tape trading, Pentagram were able to release a 7″ single in Switzerland via Chainsaw Murder Records. This disc, containing the demo songs "Fatal Predictions" and "Demoniac Possession", was released by the owner of the label, a man who called himself Dinosaur and had worked as a roadie for Celtic Frost.
Despite enjoying the recognition of the metal scene, members of Pentagram were discouraged to see that there was no interest from domestic and foreign labels to sign them. The public admired them, paradoxically, spitting at them at each of their performances, which was a common practice at the time. The discomfort that this caused, coupled with the immaturity of its own members, sealed the end for the group, who left the scene in 1988 with a concert at Manuel Plaza with about two thousand people in attendance.
Come-back failure (1991–1992)
In 1991, Anton Reisenegger tried to restart Pentagram, but this time, without the original members, one year after the death of Bey Peña. Eduardo Topelberg had returned to Dorso to help them record Romance. Then, Reisenegger teamed up with drummer Marcelo Ulloa to record the demo White Hell. In this demo, Reisenegger recorded guitar, bass and vocals with Ulloa behind the drum kit. In the search of a new bassist, Reisenegger found Miguel Angel Montenegro, after his stay as a session bass player for Squad and Fallout. This line-up failed to record any songs, even though they had a presentation with concert flyers displaying a picture of these aforementioned members.
Pentagram return (2000–2012)
In 2000, while Reisenegger was living in Europe, two demos plus a couple of live recordings from 1987 were reissued on CD by the now defunct Chilean label Picoroco Records. On May 27, 2001, a single reunion concert was held at a jam-packed Providencia theater. Old and new fans of the group were there to witness this historical reunion. On that occasion, three original members were there (Reisenegger, Topelberg and Uribe) as well as former Criminal bassist Juan Francisco Cueto Cato, who took over bass duties for the occasion because of Alfredo Peña's demise. This concert included Pentagram's classic songs, as well as covers of Slayer and Venom plus an old unreleased song; it was published under the title Pentagram Reborn 2001, paying a tribute to a band of the extreme metal genre in Chile and Latin America.
In 2008, Under The Spell Of The Pentagram was released on digipack format containing a CD and DVD. The CD includes the first two demos, that had been previously released in 2000, and the DVD contains the Pentagram Reborn 2001 concert and three presentations in 1987 at gymnasium Manuel Plaza.
Pentagram reunited in 2009 for their first national tour, which began in the Chilean Metal Summit (June 14, Theatre Caupolicán). The second one was the European tour that took them to countries like Spain and Norway, ending in Wacken Festival, Germany. Another highlight was sharing stage with Atomic Aggressor as opening acts for the British Venom on December 9 at Teatro Caupolican.
In May 2010 they started the songwriting sessions for the new album, which resulted in eight new songs, which should have been recorded in October 2010.
After three years of waiting since the original announcement, on January 23, 2012, a statement from the official Facebook page of the band was issued:
"Just wanted to let you all know we Have Resumed work on the first Pentagram album! | Les queremos comunicar que hemos retomado el trabajo en el primer álbum de PENTAGRAM!"
The delay was largely due to Reisenegger mainly working with Lock Up and Criminal with whom he released Akelarre in late 2011 and gave several concerts. All this left the continuity of his work with Pentagram in doubt.
Name change and The Malefice (2012—present)
In May 2012, the band changed their name to Pentagram Chile, to avoid confusion with the American band of the same name.
In March 2013, the band announced they were releasing their debut album, entitled The Malefice, in June or July of the same year, 28 years after the band's formation.
Current members
Anton Reisenegger — vocals, guitar (1985–present)
Juan Pablo “Azazel“ Uribe — guitar (1985–present)
Dan Biggin — bass (2009 (live), 2011–present)
Juan Pablo Donoso — drums (2012–present)
Discography
Studio albums
The Malefice (2013)
References
Chilean death metal musical groups
Chilean thrash metal musical groups
Colm Keaveney (born 11 January 1971) is an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was elected as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway East constituency at the 2011 general election, He sat as an Independent TD after losing the Labour whip in December 2012. He resigned from the party in June 2013, and joined Fianna Fáil in December 2013. He is a former Chairman of the Labour Party. He lost his seat at the 2016 general election and was elected to Galway County Council in 2019.
Origins
He is originally from the village of Garrafrauns, in north County Galway. He was educated at St.Patrick's P.S. and St Jarlath's College in Tuam.
Political career
Keaveney was an unsuccessful candidate in Galway East at the 1997 general election. He was first elected to Tuam Town Council in the 1999 local elections. In 2004 he was elected to Galway County Council, gaining just under 2,000 votes in the Tuam electoral area.
He is a former SIPTU trade union official and former President of the Union of Students in Ireland (USI).
At the 2011 general election, he was elected as the first ever Labour Party TD for the Galway East constituency, taking the last seat on the ninth count with a total poll of 10,126 votes.
At the 2012 Labour Party Conference in Galway, he was elected Chairman of the Labour Party. Following the publication of the 2012 Constituency Commission report, he was listed by The Irish Times as one of 13 TDs most likely to lose their seats in the next election. New boundaries saw Galway East lose a seat and the transfer of 20,500 voters out of the constituency, centred on his home town of Tuam.
On 13 December 2012, he voted against the government on the cut to the respite care grant, which formed part of the 2013 budget; this led to his loss of the Parliamentary Labour Party whip. In a tweet just before the vote in the Dáil, he said "Acta non-verba", Latin for "deeds not words". He remained as Chairman of the Labour Party, as he was elected by the party members. Keaveney subsequently resigned from the party on 26 June 2013. Keaveney vocally opposed the government's X-Case legislation, both because of the absence of a time limit for termination and because he feared that the "suicide" clause would "normalise" suicide at a time when it was already becoming a serious problem in Ireland. He had previously expressed pro-choice views, telling a Tuam Town Council debate in 2000 that abortion was "the last resort for women and every aspect of a woman's decision should be looked at and taken into consideration" and that anti-abortion literature distributed by colleague Martin Ward was "sickening and offensive".
In December 2013, he joined the Fianna Fáil party. Keaveney said that Fianna Fáil ".. has learned from its mistakes in the past" and he would be a Fianna Fáil candidate at the next general election for Galway East. In response to his application, Labour TD Pat Rabbitte, who had clashed with Keaveney repeatedly, derisively referred to it as "a match made in heaven".
Keaveney's defection was met with opposition from local members of Fianna Fáil in Galway East, particularly from supporters of local TD Michael Kitt and former MEP Mark Killilea. Fianna Fáil leader Michéal Martin was forced to deny rumours that Keaveney would be selected as the sole candidate for the party in the next general election.
He was an unsuccessful Fianna Fáil candidate for the Galway East constituency at the 2016 general election and was elected to Galway County Council in the Tuam Local Electoral Area in the 2019 Local Elections.
References
1971 births
Living people
Alumni of University College Dublin
Fianna Fáil TDs
Independent TDs
Irish trade unionists
Labour Party (Ireland) TDs
Local councillors in County Galway
Members of the 31st Dáil
People educated at St Jarlath's College
Politicians from County Galway
Len Casey is a rugby league footballer.
Len or Leonard Casey may also refer to:
Len Casey (footballer)
Len Casey (TV producer) in The C.G.E. Show
Leonard Casey, character played by Geoffrey Bayldon
"Where Are You?" is a popular song composed by Jimmy McHugh, with lyrics by Harold Adamson. The song was written for the 1937 film Top of the Town and was originally performed by Gertrude Niesen. Niesen also made a commercial recording of the song for Brunswick Records and this was popular.
"Where Are You?" has been recorded by many performers.
Notable versions
Mildred Bailey - very popular in 1937 – this version is a crucial piece of music in Love Streams, a 1984 American film by John Cassavetes
Adelaide Hall's recording of the song reached #28 in the U.K. singles chart in December 1941.
Arthur Tracy Decca F. 6465 (1937).
Connee Boswell - recorded February 15, 1937 for Decca Records (catalog No. 1160).
The Hi-Lo's – Listen! (1954).
Chris Connor – Chris Connor (1956)
Vera Lynn - for her album If I Am Dreaming (1956).
Patti Page - Page 3 - A Collection of Her Most Famous Songs (1957).
Frank Sinatra – Where Are You? (1957)
Ben Webster – Soulville (1957)
Kenny Dorham – This Is the Moment! (1958)
Jaye P. Morgan - Just You, Just Me (1958).
Johnny Mathis - Faithfully (1959)
Shirley Bassey – Shirley Bassey (1961)
Dexter Gordon – Go (1962)
Sonny Rollins – The Bridge (1962)
Dinah Washington – Dinah '62 (1962).
Aretha Franklin – Laughing on the Outside (1963)
Bill Henderson with the Oscar Peterson Trio – Bill Henderson with the Oscar Peterson Trio (1963)
Brenda Lee – ..."Let Me Sing" (1963)
Julie London – Love on the Rocks (1963)
Vikki Carr Discovery! Miss Vikki Carr (1964).
Arthur Prysock – Arthur Prysock and Count Basie (1965)
Ella Fitzgerald – 30 by Ella (1968)
Mal Waldron – Where Are You? (1989)
Vic Damone - Signature Collection Vol.1 (2000)
Kurt Elling – Nightmoves (2007)
Bob Dylan – Shadows in the Night (2015)
Ahmad Jamal - Chicago Revisited: Live at Joe Segal's Jazz Showcase (1992)
References
1937 songs
Songs written for films
Aretha Franklin songs
Frank Sinatra songs
Songs with music by Jimmy McHugh
Songs with lyrics by Harold Adamson
Vikki Carr songs
The Decalogue is a 2017 soundtrack album to the Justin Peck ballet of the same name, by Timo Andres and Sufjan Stevens. The album was released by Asthmatic Kitty to mixed reviews. The ballet debuted in 2017 with the New York City Ballet.
Reception
The editorial staff of AllMusic gave the album three out of five stars, with reviewer Mark Deming writing, "[it] sometimes feels rather incomplete, especially presented in such elemental form, but committed fans will want to give it a listen, and it's good to hear this unique talent willing to push his own stylistic boundaries". Noah Yoo of Pitchfork gave it a 6.5 out of 10, summing up his review, "The Decalogue is a Stevens curio like Enjoy Your Rabbit and The BQE before it: riveting to diehards, an agreeable footnote for anyone else".
Track listing
"I" – 3:36
"II" – 1:40
"III" – 1:29
"IV" – 3:04
"V" – 2:37
"VI" – 2:55
"VII" – 3:01
"VIII" – 3:01
"IX" – 2:13
"X" – 3:42
Personnel
Timo Andres – piano
Sufjan Stevens – composition
References
External links
Press release from Asthmatic Kitty
2019 soundtrack albums
Sufjan Stevens soundtracks
Timo Andres albums
Asthmatic Kitty soundtracks
Classical music soundtracks
Theatre soundtracks
Balparmak tatlısı (Honey finger dessert)(Turkish: Balparmak tatlısı), is a type of Turkish dessert. Balparmak tatlısı is a Turkish dessert similar to kalburabastı and Vizier's fingers.
See also
Şekerpare
Revani
Baklava
Tulumba
References
Turkish desserts
A. J. Cooper is an American football coach.
A. J. Cooper may also refer to:
Anna J. Cooper (1858–1964), American author, educator, sociologist
A. J. Cooper, a fictional casino owner in Las Vegas (TV series)#A.J. Cooper (season 5)
John Lemuel Bethune (March 9, 1850 – September 27, 1913) was a Canadian physician and politician in the province of Nova Scotia.
Born in Loch Lomond, Nova Scotia, the son of Roderick and Mary B. Bethune, Bethune received his Doctor of Medicine degree from Dalhousie College in 1875. From 1886 to 1896, he was the Nova Scotia Conservative member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly for the electoral district of Victoria County. He was elected to the House of Commons of Canada for the electoral district of Victoria in the 1896 federal election. A Conservative, he did not run in 1900. In 1881, he was a captain and paymaster for the 94th Battalion, Argyle Highlanders Volunteer Militia. In 1893, he was promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel.
References
1850 births
1913 deaths
Dalhousie University alumni
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Nova Scotia
Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia MLAs
Melody Gilbert is an independent documentary filmmaker, and educator from Washington, D.C. now living in Natchitoches, Louisiana. She has directed, filmed, produced, and sometimes edited, seven independent feature-length documentaries since 2002. The Documentary Channel calls her "one of the most fearless filmmakers in contemporary documentary cinema." She is currently an assistant professor of journalism at Northwestern State University.
The films that Gilbert directs and films are noteworthy for featuring a rare intimacy with her subjects as she unearths previously hidden worlds. She works mostly solo with a small camera and wireless microphone and has the ability to get people to reveal their innermost thoughts, whether it's the family of a child who can't feel pain (A Life Without Pain, 2005), people who want to be an amputee (Whole, 2003), a former Vice President of the United States (Fritz: The Walter Mondale Story, 2008), or people who have full-fledged relationships with synthetic companions (Silicone Soul, 2018). All of her films have been made available on Netflix and iTunes and been in prestigious film festivals and broadcast internationally on networks in Germany, France, Finland, Denmark, and more.
Gilbert also serves as a producer and writer for other documentary projects she believes in, including Beneath the Ink (nominated for a 2019 national Emmy for Outstanding Short Documentary), Women Outward Bound (2016, PBS) and the James Beard award-winning The Starfish Throwers (2015). Most recently Gilbert was a producer/story consultant for Love Them First: Lessons from Lucy Laney Elementary (2019, KARE11-TV, national broadcast in October 2019).
Background
Born in Washington, D.C, raised in Chevy Chase, Maryland, and a graduate of Tulane University. Melody earned her master's degree from the University of Minnesota.
Prior to making documentaries, Melody was an award-winning broadcast journalist for 15 years at TV stations around the country. She started her career as the audience coordinator at the original Charlie Rose Show with a live audience at noon on WRC-TV in Washington, D.C. She moved on to TV stations WPIX and WOR in New York, where she worked as a production assistant and news writer and then to various stations as a reporter, producer and anchor for WAOW in Wausau, WI, WJXT in Jacksonville, FL and eventually landing in Minnesota for twenty years where she worked at TV stations including KSTP, WCCO, and Twin Cities Public Television. Her specialty was investigative journalism (she once won the national I.R.E. award for best investigative reporting for a story about how the U.S. government sprayed chemicals on unsuspecting Minneapolis residents calling it “weather testing”) as well as arts reporting. She was also freelance field producer for ABC, NBC, and CBS news going on assignment for the nightly news and morning talk shows.
Melody has been focused for the past 15 years on making independent documentaries. She says her films don't give answers; they create conversations.
Melody is also a passionate educator, most recently on the faculty at the American University in Bulgaria for four years. She has also taught at Carleton College (Minnesota), Columbia College (Chicago), and University of Minnesota as well as overseas for U.S.I.A. in Romania and Khyrgzstan. For more than a dozen years, Melody taught courses at Film North (formerly IFP-MN) in St. Paul, Minnesota. In Fall 2019, she joined the faculty at Northwestern State University in the department of New Media, Journalism, and Communication Arts where she will be teaching the next generation of visual storytellers.
Melody taught her popular “Documentary Boot Camp” for more than a dozen years around the world, most recently in Moldova (Moldox), Bulgaria (Balkan Documentary Center) and Kosovo (Dokufest). She has also been a tutor for emerging filmmakers at workshops internationally and served on the jury at film festivals including MSPIFF (Minneapolis-St. Paul International Film Festival), Chronograf (Chisinau) and Sofia International Film Festival (Bulgaria). In 2017, Melody was named a Fulbright Specialist for filmmaking and journalism.
She has been awarded multiple grants and fellowships, including several from the Minnesota State Arts Board and the Jerome Foundation, and she was the first recipient of the McKnight Foundation Artist Fellowship for Filmmakers in 2004.
Melody is also very active in the filmmaking community. She is the founder and chair of the Film Fatales chapter in Minneapolis, an international group of women who direct feature-length films. She was a founding board member of Women in Film and Television in Minnesota and a long-time member of IFP-MN (now Film North) serving a board member and advisory board member.
Filmography
Married at the Mall (2002)
Whole (2003)
A Life Without Pain (2005)
Urban Explorers: Into the Darkness (2007)
Disconnected: A Documentary (2008)
Fritz: The Walter Mondale Story (2008)
Tami Tushie's Toys (2010)
Numb (2010)
American Heart (2013)
The Starfish Throwers (2014)
Steps in the Fire (2015)
The Summer Help (2016)
Women Outward Bound (2016)
Silicone Soul (2018)
Awards and recognition
Gilbert received regional Emmys as producer on Our Bodies/Ourselves (2000) (TPT), and for Battered Lives (1996) (WCCO). She received the American Women in Radio and Television (AWRT) national award for best series for Defying Tradition: Hmong Teen Brides. Her short documentary Jamie Butcher Dies at Home was shown on ABC's Prime Time Live. She has also won a national award from Investigative Reporters and Editors (IRE) for Toxic testing, a short documentary about how the U.S. government sprayed citizens of Minneapolis with toxic chemicals in the 1950s. The documentary prompted an investigation led by the late U.S. Senator Paul Wellstone. Her documentaries have been the official selections of festivals SXSW, idfa, Chicago International Documentary Festival, Los Angeles Film Festival, Thessaloniki Documentary Festival, Montreal World Film Festival, Florida Film Festival, Someone to Watch at San Francisco Doc Fest, Best Feature at Boston Underground Film Festival, and won Best of Fest at Hot Docs. The Starfish Throwers, a documentary she produced, was named "the most heartwarming documentary of 2014" by the Huffington Post. Melody is also the executive producer of American Heart (2013), the co-director of Steps in the Fire (2014), the first 3D documentary in Bulgaria, and the producer/writer of Women Outward Bound (2016).
Additional sources
eFilmCritic interview, "SXSW '05 Interview: 'A Life Without Pain' Director Melody Gilbert"
Rift Magazine, "Melody Gilbert - Documentary Filmmaker"
Minnesota Public Radio, "Melody Gilbert's trip 'Into the Darkness'"
References
External links
Frozen Feet Films official website
Melody Gilbert Video
American documentary filmmakers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Artists from Saint Paul, Minnesota
University of Minnesota faculty
American women documentary filmmakers
American women academics
System manager or System Manager may refer to:
Datapac System Manager, a derivative of Multiuser DOS, originally by Digital Research and Novell, in the 1990s
System Manager (HP LX), a DOS-based graphical user interface on the Hewlett-Packard LX series of palmtop PCs
IBM Flex System Manager, a component of the PureSystems line of server products in the 2010s
IBM Web-based System Manager, a management software for AIX 5L host administration on RS/6000 systems
System administrator, a practitioner of IT administration
Prince Alexander Ivanovich Gagarin () (1801 – 27 October 1857) was a Russian general and nobleman of Rurikid ancestry who was involved in the Caucasian and Crimean wars. In 1857, he served as a governor-general of Kutaisi and was killed by Constantine Dadeshkeliani, the deposed Prince of Svanetia, during a quarrel at Kutaisi.
References
His biography at Hronos.Ru
1801 births
1857 deaths
Imperial Russian Army generals
Alexander
Russian military personnel of the Caucasian War
Russian military personnel of the Crimean War
Old All Saints Church is a redundant Anglican church in the village of Great Steeping, Lincolnshire, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. The church stands in marshland, surrounded by a medieval field system, at the end of a lane leading south from the B1195 road, some southeast of Spilsby.
History
The church was built in 1748 on the site of an earlier medieval church, and was restored in 1908. However a new church, also dedicated to All Saints, was built nearer the centre of the village in 1891, and the old church was declared redundant in August 1973.
Architecture
All Saints are constructed in brick with limestone dressings, on a plinth of greenstone rubble. The roof is tiled. The architectural style is Georgian. Its plan is simple, consisting of a nave and chancel under one roof, and a bellcote at the west end. The bellcote is rectangular and weatherboarded, with a pyramidal roof. At the west end of the church is a doorway with a moulded architrave and a raised keystone. Above this is a stone inscribed with the dates 1748 and 1908, and there is a band with a pediment above that. Along each side of the church are two semicircular-headed windows. Between the windows on the south side is a sundial. At the east end is a smaller semicircular-headed window, above which is the outline of the gable of the chancel of the earlier church.
See also
List of churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust in the East of England
References
Grade II* listed churches in Lincolnshire
Church of England church buildings in Lincolnshire
Georgian architecture in England
Former Church of England church buildings
Churches completed in 1748
Churches completed in 1908
Churches preserved by the Churches Conservation Trust
The 1976 Air India/BP Tennis Classic, also known as the South Pacific Championships was an Association of Tennis Professionals men's tournament held on outdoor grass courts at the Milton Courts in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia that was part of the One-Star category of the 1976 Grand Prix tennis circuit. It was the third edition of the tournament and was held from 11 October until 17 October 1976. The tournament moved to Brisbane from the Royal South Yarra Tennis Club in Melbourne where the previous editions had been held. Mark Edmondson won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Mark Edmondson defeated Phil Dent 3–6, 6–4, 6–4, 6–4
It was Edmondson's 2nd singles title of the year and of his career.
Doubles
Syd Ball / Kim Warwick defeated Brian Fairlie / Ismail El Shafei 6–4, 6–4
References
External links
ITF tournament details
Air India/BP Tennis Classic
Air India/BP Tennis Classic, 1976
Air India/BP Tennis Classic
Air India/BP Tennis Classic
Sports competitions in Brisbane
Tennis in Queensland
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Wyoming, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1890, Wyoming has participated in every U.S. presidential election. Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Presidential elections
Graph
See also
Elections in Wyoming
List of the United States presidential election results by state
Notes
References
Works cited
In aviation, a second officer is usually the third in line of command for a flight crew on a civil aircraft. In the past years of commercial aviation, a second officer would be used on international or long haul flights where more than two crew are required for the purpose of relieving other higher ranked crew members for adequate resting periods.
In some airlines, the second officer acts as a first officer, but still undergoes training and supervision from a training captain (Swiss International Air Lines, Lufthansa, Volotea among others use this denomination). Some major airlines in China also use this denomination including Air China and China Eastern Airlines.
See also
Pilot in command
References
Harris, Tom. How Airline Crews Work, HowStuffWorks.com website, June 14, 2001. Retrieved September 2, 2014.
Smith, Patrick. Patrick Smith's Ask The Pilot: When a Pilot Dies in Flight, AskThePilot.com website, 2013, which in turn cites:
Smith, Patrick. Cockpit Confidential: Everything You Need to Know About Air Travel: Questions, Answers, and Reflections, Sourcebooks, 2013, , .
Flying the World in Clipper Ships at flightjournal.com, 2007.
Lufthansa website on cockpit careers
Occupations in aviation
Ian Barr is a Scottish former rugby union player. He is the 129th President of the Scottish Rugby Union; the 128th person to hold the office.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Barr had a number of clubs:- Esk Valley Banthams, Lasswade. West of Scotland, Stirling County, Edinburgh Academicals, Police Scotland, Selkirk, Musselburgh and Lasswade again. While at Musselburgh he suffered an injury which impacted his playing career, which made Barr finish his career at Lasswade. He also played for the East of Scotland College of Agriculture and Oatridge College.
Administrative career
He became a President of Lasswade and held that position for 15 years.
He was elected onto the Scottish Rugby Union council in 2012. He had two years on the SRU board from 2017. He was an Ambassador for the Scotland U20 from 2013 to 2017.
He was voted a Vice-President of the Scottish Rugby Union in 2018.
Barr became the 129th President of the Scottish Rugby Union in 2020. His term in office is scheduled to be from 2020 to 2022.
Coaching career
Barr is a qualified Strength and Conditioning Coach with the Scottish Rugby Union.
Outside of rugby union
Barr is a farmer who has a sportsground contracting business. He also works at Midlothian Council as a spin instructor.
References
1963 births
Living people
Rugby union players from Midlothian
Scottish rugby union players
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
Edinburgh Academicals rugby union players
Musselburgh RFC players
Stirling County RFC players
West of Scotland FC players
Lasswade RFC players
Selkirk RFC players
Rugby union strength and conditioning coaches
Scotland's Rural College alumni
Gianvincenzo Carafa (1477–1541) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography
A member of the della Stadera branch of the House of Carafa, Gianvincenzo Carafa was born in Naples in 1477, the son of Fabrizio Carafa, signore of Torre del Greco, and Aurelia Tolomei.
He was the half-nephew of Cardinal Oliviero Carafa.
Early in his career, he became a canon deacon of the cathedral chapter of Naples Cathedral.
On 13 September 1497 he was elected Bishop of Rimini. He was the administrator of the diocese until he reached the canonical age of 27; he was elevated to bishop on 1 April 1504, with dispensation for not yet reaching the canonical age. He occupied the see until 24 June 1530, when he resigned in favor of his nephew Francesco Carafa.
He participated in the Fifth Council of the Lateran (1512–17). Pope Julius II wanted to make him a cardinal but Ferdinand II of Aragon, who was then occupying the Kingdom of Naples, objected to the promotion of Neapolitans. Pope Leo X made him an Assistant at the Pontifical Throne. On 2 December 1521, during the sede vacante following the death of Pope Leo X, the College of Cardinals elected him governor of Rome; he occupied this post until 1522, when Pope Adrian VI was elected.
Pope Clement VII made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of 21 November 1527. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santa Pudenziana on 27 April 1528.
He was the administrator of the see of Anglona from 31 August 1528 to 6 September 1536, when he resigned in favor of his nephew Oliverio Carafa. He was Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from 8 January 1533 to 9 January 1534.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1534 that elected Pope Paul III.
From 26 July 1535 until 21 April 1539 he was the administrator of the see of Acerra. He opted for the titular church of Santa Prisca on 23 July 1537, and for Santa Maria in Trastevere on 28 November 1537. On 4 August 1539 he opted for the order of cardinal bishops and received the suburbicarian see of Palestrina. When Pope Paul III went to Vicenza, Cardinal Carafa was legate a latere in Rome.
He died in Naples on 28 August 1541 and is buried in Naples Cathedral.
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
1477 births
1541 deaths
16th-century Italian cardinals
Gianvincenzo
Clergy from Naples
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Aloysius Mary "Louis" Magee (1 May 1874 – 4 April 1945) was an Irish rugby union halfback. Magee played club rugby for Bective Rangers and London Irish and played international rugby for Ireland and was part of the British Isles team in their 1896 tour of South Africa.
Magee was capped 27 times for Ireland, ten as captain, and won two Championships, leading Ireland to a Triple Crown win in the 1899 Home Nations Championship. Magee was one of the outstanding half backs of world rugby prior to 1914, and is credited as being a driving force in turning Ireland from a no-hope team into one that commanded respect.
Rugby career
Magee came from a well known sporting family. His eldest brother Joseph Magee was also an international rugby player for Ireland, while another brother James played cricket for Ireland. His brother-in-law, Tommy Little, played rugby for Ireland between 1898 and 1901. Magee played almost the entirety of his rugby for club team Bective Rangers, as did both his brothers. In 1898, while in London, Magee was approached by newly formed club, London Irish, to play for the first team. When Magee accepted, his presence in the team helped recruit other countrymen to join the exile club, and is seen as a major catalyst in the success of the club.
Early international career
Magee first played international rugby during the 1895 Home Nations Championship in an encounter with England. Magee was selected along with his brother Joseph, but Joseph's international career ended after only two games, playing in only the first two matches of the 1895 season. Although Ireland narrowly lost the opening game, Magee scored the only points for Ireland when he scored his first international try. Magee was reselected for the next two games of the Championship, Ireland losing both narrowly in two tight matches which saw Ireland end bottom of the table for the season.
British Isles tour
1896 was a turn around in fortunes for Ireland, beating England and Wales and drawing 0–0 with Scotland, giving Ireland its second Championship in three years. Magee played in all three games of the season making him a Championship winning player. Towards the end of the 1896 season, Magee was approached by Johnny Hammond to join his British Isles team on their tour of South Africa. Magee accepted, and was joined on the tour by his brother James, who was also a member of Bective Rangers. The tour was notable for the large contingent of Irish players, who had been poorly represented on previous tours. The other Irish players being Thomas Crean, Robert Johnston, Larry Bulger, Jim Sealy, Andrew Clinch, Arthur Meares and Cecil Boyd. Magee played in only fourteen of the 21 arranged games of the tour, but played in four Test games against the South African national team. In the First Test he was partnered at half back with Matthew Mullineux, but for the final three tests he was joined by Cambridge University player Sydney Pyman Bell.
1899 Home Nations Championship
On his return to Britain, Magee retained his position in the Ireland national team, and from his first game in 1895 he played at centre for 26 consecutive games taking in eight Championship seasons. Magee's finest season was the 1899 Home Nations Championship, which saw him gain the captaincy of the national team in the opening game of the campaign, a home match against England. Ireland won 6–0, with Magee scoring with a penalty kick and long term Irish half back partner, Gerald Allen, scoring a try. Magee then set up two of the tries in a 9–3 victory of Scotland, leaving the encounter with Wales as the decider for the Triple Crown.
The game was played at Cardiff Arms Park in front of a record crowd of 40,000, who constantly disrupted the game as the spectators spilled onto the pitch. The game was decided by a single try by Ireland's Gerry Doran, but Magee was called into action preventing a try from one of the Welsh three-quarters in the last minute with a tackle from behind. The win gave Ireland the Triple Crown for the second time in the country's history.
1900–1904
Magee continued to captain his country over the next two seasons, but he did not experience the same success as in the 1899 campaign. A single draw against Scotland was the best result in 1900, and apart from a good win over England in 1901 and a strong three-quarters, there was little to celebrate in the Irish results. The 1902 Championship saw Magee lose the captaincy to half back John Fulton. Ireland lost their opening match against England, but after a win over Scotland, Magee was handed the captain's position for the final encounter, against Wales. Ireland were well-beaten in their biggest home defeat since the start of the Championship competition.
The 1903 Championship started with a strong win over England, but the Irish captaincy was now in the hands of Harry Corley, Magee's half back partner since the start of 1902. Magee was seen as one of the finest half backs to come out of Ireland, his playing style was of a basic left-side, right-side tradition of half back play; Corley was one of the first specialised fly-halves, pointing the new way forward in rugby play. Ireland failed to capitalise on their strong opening game, losing narrowly to Scotland and then being completely out-classed by Wales. losing 18–0.
Magee was dropped for the 1904 Home Nations Championship, replaced by Robinson and Kennedy, as Corley was moved to the centre position. But the team were well beaten by both England and then Scotland, leading the Irish selectors to make eight changes in the final match at home to Wales. Magee was recalled to partner Kennedy in his final international, and the game turned out to be the match of the season. The Welsh took an early lead, but after Ireland were reduced to 14 men through an injury, the team appeared inspired and improved their game. With four tries from each side, the only difference was that Ireland managed to convert one of their tries, whereas Wales missed all theirs. Magee finished his international career with a great win, and with 27 appearances was the most capped Irish player to date.
Notes
References
1874 births
1945 deaths
Rugby union players from County Dublin
Irish rugby union players
Ireland international rugby union players
British & Irish Lions rugby union players from Ireland
Bective Rangers players
London Irish players
The play-offs of the 2023 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifying competition involve eight of the nine runners-up in the qualifying group stage, the top-ranked team being directly qualified for the tournament.
Ranking of second-placed teams
Draw
The draw for the play-offs was held on 21 June 2022 in Nyon, Switzerland.
Summary
The four play-off winners qualify for the final tournament.
|}
Matches
All times are CEST (UTC+2), as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).
3–3 on aggregate. Croatia won 5–4 on penalties and qualified for the 2023 UEFA European Under-21 Championship.
Ukraine won 5–3 on aggregate and qualified for the 2023 UEFA European Under-21 Championship.
1–1 on aggregate. Israel won 3–1 on penalties and qualified for the 2023 UEFA European Under-21 Championship.
Czech Republic won 2–1 on aggregate and qualified for the 2023 UEFA European Under-21 Championship.
Goalscorers
References
External links
Fixtures at UEFA.com
Play-offs
UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification play-offs
Saturday Club may refer to:
Saturday Club (TV series), a children's television show produced in Australia
Saturday Club (BBC radio), a pop music programme
Saturday Club (Boston, Massachusetts), an informal monthly gathering of writers, scientists, philosophers, historians and others
Saturday Club (Wayne, Pennsylvania)
Saturday Club (Kolkata)
Joe Zabel (born July 7, 1953) is a comic book writer and artist living in Cleveland Heights. He is best known for his work illustrating American Splendor, by fellow Clevelander Harvey Pekar. Under the company names Known Associates Press and Amazing Montage Press, Zabel has also published his own series of mystery comics, The Trespassers.
Zabel grew up in Chesterland, Ohio, and attended Youngstown State University. He broke into comics in 1977, helping to draw a promo ad in an issue of Power Comics' Cobalt Blue. Shortly after moving to Cleveland, he began illustrating for American Splendor in 1985, usually inked by Gary Dumm, and was a regular contributor to Pekar's comics until 1997, illustrating many covers along the way. Zabel also had his work published in anthologies like Duplex Planet Illustrated, Negative Burn, and Real Stuff.
Beginning in the 2000s, Zabel turned away from printed comics and begun making online digital comic strips. Zabel's Fear Mongers horror webcomics was used, along with Penny Arcade, Fetus-X and American Elf, as an example of using the web to create "an explosion of diverse genres and styles" in Scott McCloud's 2006 book Making Comics.
Zabel is also a comics reviewer, having been published in such venues as The Comics Journal, Subliminal Tattoos, Indy magazine, and iComics.com. He was the editor-in-chief of The Webcomics Examiner, an online magazine of webcomics reviews and interviews.
Notes
References
Harvey Pekar's Artists
External links
Trespassers website
Joe Zabel interview, ComixTALK (Jan. 2006)
American webcomic creators
Comics critics
1953 births
Living people
American comics artists
American Splendor artists
Leordeni is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of fourteen villages:
Baloteasca
Băila
Bântău
Budișteni
Ciolcești
Ciulnița
Cârciumărești
Cotu Malului
Glâmbocata
Glâmbocata-Deal
Glodu
Leordeni
Moara Mocanului
Schitu Scoicești
Natives
Constantin Fântâneru
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Gladmar is a Dissolved village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan located north of Highway 18 as it runs east from Highway 6 towards Lake Alma. Gladmar is approximately north of the Canada–United States border between Canada and the United States. It is part of the Rural Municipality of Surprise Valley No. 9 and Census Division No. 2.
Gladmar is one of two urban communities within the rural municipality, the other one being the village of Minton. The area was settled around the turn of the 20th century, a period when a large number of Norwegians migrated into Saskatchewan from older settlements in the northern United States. As a result, Norwegian-Canadians still represent a substantial proportion of the population in the area today.
Early History (1909–1948)
The original village of Gladmar was founded a few miles north of its present location in 1909.
Among the early settlers was J.E. Black who named the settlement Gladmar after his son Gladstone and his daughter Margaret.
In 1910 the Eidness Brothers obtained a coal lease on land in the Gladmar area from the government, with an annual rent of $1.00 per acre. The first coal from Gladmar Mine was brought out in 1910, on a stone-boat pulled by oxen. The price of coal was $1.75 per ton. The mine was later sold to the Culbert Family and then to Ole Ekimo and Lorentz Petterson.
In 1911 Mrs. J.E. Black was established as the settlement's first postmaster. The first mail was brought to Gladmar by Lars Lunde on skis from a small school halfway to Radville.
In 1912 the first General Store was built by the Eidness brothers and the first church service was conducted by Mr. Hoffman in a new 14' by 18' (4.2 x 5.5 m) building in August 1912.
The settlement began organizing a rural municipality and school district in 1912. This resulted in the rural municipality of Surprise Valley being created with Tom Warren as Reeve, J.E Black as councilor and Tom Black as secretary.
In 1913 Violet Hammond was the first teacher of Gladmar's first School. It was located a few miles out of town and served Gladmar and the surrounding area. This one-room school's official name was Ryeburn Valley and it was established within School District #4264.
The first recorded burial in the community-operated Gladmar Cemetery was in 1916.
In 1922 the Gladmar Hall was built and it was then regularly used for community gatherings.
The Canadian Pacific Railway reached Lake Alma in 1926 and Minton in 1929. Olaf Eidness loaded the first car of wheat in Gladmar. Grain elevators were built in Gladmar by Pool in 1929, and by Parish & Heimbecker in 1930.
In 1944 a hospital was constructed to serve Gladmar and the municipalities of Surprise Valley and Lake Alma.
In 1948 a new school was built within the town limits and the first teachers were Mrs. J. Ferguson and Mrs. John Onstad.
Historical data are from "History of Gladmar", which was compiled by the Gladmar Community Club in 1955. This was later republished within the book "Homesteading in Surprise Valley" also by the Gladmar Community Club in 1970.
Modern History (1949–present)
This section is empty. You can help by adding to it
Utilities
Electricity is provided to Gladmar by SaskPower from the Boundary Dam Coal-Fired Power plant, and natural gas is provided by SaskEnergy. the village has 2 wells and a water pumping station with water treatment to distribute water to the community. Sewage is held by septic tanks on individual properties, and pumped out with a sewer pump into the nearby dugout.
There is landline telephone service provided by SaskTel, and a SaskTel mobile data booster tower in town. But wireless home internet is only available by satellite providers.
Geology
The area surrounding Gladmar consists of rolling hills and valleys which flatten out into Salt lakes to the southeast. Gladmar is situated in the southern tip of Canada's grain belt, and due to a generally dry climate, soil erosion from strong gusting winds and rivers has long been a concern in the region. The area's natural resources include deposits of sodium sulphate and potassium sulphate, scattered oil pools, coal fields, and potash & salt resources.
Plant and animal species
The plant life surrounding Gladmar consists of shortgrass prairie species. These species grow in the driest parts of North America's grasslands and usually consist of a single plant layer made up mostly of shallow-rooted bunch grasses that grow between high.
Some plant species indigenous to the area include western wheatgrass (Pascopyrum smithii), snowberry (Symphoricarpos), and silver sage.
Animal species that can be found in the area include: golden eagle, pronghorn, prairie rattlesnake (Crotalus viridis), sage grouse (Centrocercus), prairie falcons, bobcats, and porcupines.
Local fish in the area include: lake trout, walleye, northern pike, and Arctic grayling.
Attractions
Gladmar has a small kids play park, community run grocery store, a shale covered baseball diamond, a local auto repair mechanic and the Gladmar regional school. Also the town has a municipal run campground called clear lake just 10 minutes south of Gladmar which has a lake that is boat accessible, a kids play park, and has powered campsites available to book.
Gladmar Regional School is gladmar and the surrounding area's public school from preschool to grade 12. Notable alumnus Andrew Walker (Sportscaster) used to host The Andrew Walker show at the school on Sportsnet 590 The Fan, broadcast out of Toronto weekdays between 1 and 4 PM Eastern time.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Gladmar had a population of 37 living in 18 of its 27 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 57. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Military history
Citizens of Gladmar answered the call and served for their country in each of the World Wars.
The names of those who served are listed below.
Education
Gladmar Regional School which operates within the South East Cornerstone Public School Division # 209 is located in Gladmar. The school teaches students from Preschool to Grade 12 and enrollment as of September 30, 2019 was 97 students.
Employment
Farming and ranching
The majority of work within Gladmar and the surrounding area takes place on family-owned farms and ranches.
Major crops in the area include barley, canola, durum, flax seed, oats, spring wheat, and winter wheat, with the most seeded acres dedicated to durum and spring wheat.
Local ranches raise various breeds of beef cattle.
Industry
In the town's early beginnings many of its citizens were employed by the town's coal mine.
After the coal mine was closed many people were employed at the sodium sulphate plant outside of town. It was eventually purchased by Saskatchewan Minerals in 1981 only to be closed in 1984 in response to a shift in market conditions.
At present, there is an oilfield owned and operated by Northrock Resources Ltd. to the southeast of Gladmar and a Class II Industrial Oilfield Waste Disposal Facility operated by GAP Disposal Ltd. to the South.
Some five trucking companies operate out of the Gladmar area servicing the surrounding region's agriculture and oil sectors.
See also
List of communities in Saskatchewan
Villages of Saskatchewan
References
Designated places in Saskatchewan
Former villages in Saskatchewan
Populated places disestablished in 2013
Special service areas in Saskatchewan
Division No. 2, Saskatchewan
Lorraine Desmarais C.M. (born August 15, 1956) is a French-Canadian jazz pianist and composer.
Early life and education
Born in Montreal, she earned a Bachelor of Music (1977) and Master of Music (1979) in classical piano at Université de Sherbrooke. She studied with Armas Maiste at McGill University in 1978 and 1979, and later took lessons from Kenny Barron in New York. She has also been influenced by Chick Corea and Oscar Peterson.
Career
Desmarais has recorded ten albums as a solo performer and musical director, including several with well-known artists such as Michel Cusson and Michel Donato (Vision), Tiger Okoshi (Lorraine Desmarais), Don Alias (Andiamo), André Moisan, Jean Gaudreault and Ted Baskin from the Montreal Symphony Orchestra and Michel Bettez from the Orchestre Métropolitain (Bleu Silence), in addition to her long-standing team of Frédéric Alarie (double bass) and Camil Bélisle (drums). She has composed a number of pieces for herself and for other performers, including Oliver Jones and Angèle Dubeau.
She has been teaching in colleges and universities since 1985, and is a jazz piano professor at the Cégep Saint-Laurent in Montreal.
Desmarais was appointed a member of the Order of Canada in 2012.
Discography
Trio Lorraine Desmarais (Radio Canada, 1985)
Andiamo (Radio Canada, 1986)
Pianissimo (Radio Canada, 1987)
Vision (Les Disques Scherzo, 1991)
Lorraine Desmarais (Select, 1991)
Bleu silence (Les Disques Scherzo, 1999)
Love (Les Disques Scherzo, 2002)
Jazz pour Noel / Jazz for Christmas with Jean-Pierre Zanella (Analekta, 2005)
Live Club Soda with Tiger Okoshi and Michel Cusson (Analekta, 2007)
Lorraine Desmarais Big Band (Analekta, 2009)
Couleurs de lune (Analekta, 2012)
Danses danzas dances (Analekta, 2016)
With Five Play
On the brink (Arbors Records, 1999)
References
Official website
1956 births
Living people
Canadian jazz pianists
Canadian women pianists
Canadian jazz composers
Members of the Order of Canada
Musicians from Montreal
21st-century Canadian pianists
21st-century Canadian women musicians
Jazz educators
Canadian women composers
Bassomatic (sometimes written as Bass-O-Matic) were a British band that recorded house music in the 1990s. A project of William Orbit, the band included vocalist Sharon Musgrave and rapper MC Inna Onestep amongst others. For the second album, singer Sindy Finn replaced Sharon Musgrave on vocals. Both albums were produced at Guerilla Studios, founded by William Orbit with Laurie Mayer and Grant Gilbert, and released by Virgin Records.
Their first album was 1990's Set the Controls for the Heart of the Bass, the title track derived from Pink Floyd's "Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun". This album was re-released in 1997. A subsequent album, Science and Melody, was released in 1991.
Bassomatic's biggest hit single was "Fascinating Rhythm" in 1990, which reached No. 9 in the UK Singles Chart, and performed well on the UK Dance Chart.
Discography
Albums
Set the Controls for the Heart of the Bass (1990) – UK No. 57
Science and Melody (1991)
Singles
References
External links
Bassomatic at Discogs
English house music groups
Alboin was the Lombard Duke of Spoleto from 757 to 758. He was chosen to be duke by the Spoletan nobility without the assent of the king.
While Pope Stephen II was working to give the kingdom into the hands of Desiderius, he also worked to give the homage of the Duchies of Benevento and Spoleto to King Pepin the Short of the Franks. Alboin and Liutprand of Benevento commended their duchies to the Frankish king, who did not ask for it. Desiderius marched on and destroyed Spoleto and Benevento and Alboin was captured; Liutprand fled. Desiderius himself took up the exercise of ducal power in Spoleto.
Sources
Hallenbeck, Jan T. "Pavia and Rome: The Lombard Monarchy and the Papacy in the Eighth Century." Transactions of the American Philosophical Society, New Ser., Vol. 72, No. 4. (1982), pp. 1–186.
8th-century deaths
8th-century dukes of Spoleto
Lombard warriors
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
St. Francis Xavier College is a 7–12 Catholic co-educational school in Victoria, Australia. As of 2021, it has over 3,000 students and 300 teaching staff. It has campuses in Berwick, Beaconsfield and Officer.
Campuses
St Francis Xavier College has three campuses:
Beaconsfield - Opened in 1978, the campus houses students years 10-12.
Berwick - The Berwick campus was opened in 2003. It serves students years 7-9.
Officer - Having opened in 2012, the newest campus accommodates students years 7-9.
Curriculum
St. Francis Xavier College offers it's senior students the Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE), the Victorian Certificate of Applied Learning (VCAL), and Vocational Education and Training (VET) programs.
Sport
St. Francis Xavier College is a member of the Southern Independent Schools (SIS).
SIS premierships
St. Francis Xavier College has won the following SIS senior premierships.
Combined:
Athletics (7) - 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2013
Boys:
Basketball (3) - 2003, 2009, 2019
Cricket (7) - 1999, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2010, 2015, 2016
Football (12) - 1999, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2019
Soccer (6) - 2008, 2011, 2014, 2015, 2019, 2020
Girls:
Basketball (8) - 2001, 2004, 2008, 2009, 2013, 2016, 2017, 2018
Football (5) - 2011, 2012, 2015, 2016, 2018
Netball (11) - 2000, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2016, 2019
Soccer (3) - 2015, 2016, 2020
Controversy
A 2020 article by Herald Sun Australia reported that a 13 year old female student of the school received injuries including a concussion, ripped out hair and bruising after being beaten and stomped by a group of Sudanese students in a schoolyard attack which had been filmed by another student and since went viral on social media.
Notable alumni
Steven Salopek, former AFL footballer for Port Adelaide.
Jake Aarts, AFL footballer for Richmond.
Tyanna Smith, AFLW footballer for St Kilda.
Georgia Gee, AFLW footballer for Essendon.
References
1978 establishments in Australia
Educational institutions established in 1978
Catholic secondary schools in Melbourne
Abano Calcio is an Italian football club based in Abano Terme, Veneto. Currently it plays in Italy's Serie D.
History
Foundation
The club was founded in 1950.
Serie D
The team has played in Serie D from 1977 to 1984 and was promoted again in the season 2013–14.
Colors and badge
The team's colors are black and green.
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Veneto
Carenum habile is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1892.
References
habile
Beetles described in 1892
Dennis Orcollo (born January 28, 1979), sometimes called Dennis Orcullo, is a Filipino professional pool player, nicknamed "Surigao" (after a province in the Philippines) and "RoboCop". He has been called "The Money-Game King".
Early life
Orcollo is the second of four brothers. His father was killed in a boating accident caused by a windstorm when he was young. He started practicing pool at 8 years of age through his grandfather's table. Because of financial problems, he gave up school at third grade, and focused on his sport.
Career
Orcollo began competing outside the Philippines in 2002. That year, he competed in the WPA World Nine-ball Championship where he finished 17th place.
In 2006, Orcollo began his campaign in the U.S. There he won a number of tournaments, including the Reno Open, the Hard Times Nine-ball Tournament and two events. Because his compatriots had entered a less prestigious event in Asia, Orcollo was the only player from the Philippines to compete in the inaugural World Straight Pool Championship. Also in 2006, Orcollo won the last edition of the World Pool League tournament against Niels Feijen.
In 2007, Orcollo reached the finals of the WPA World Eight-ball Championship only to be bested by countryman Ronato Alcano. He would again reach the finals of the same event in 2011, this time to win against Niels Feijen.
In 2016, Orcollo defeated Shane Van Boening, 200–121 to win the U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship, a tournament that has not been held previously for sixteen years.
In 2020, Orcollo recorded a 120–119 victory against Shane Van Boening to be crowned The Money Game King in a three-day one-on-one 9-ball tournament held at Bill's Bar and Billiards in Oklahoma City.
Orcollo was deported from the United States in January 2022 reportedly due to overstaying in the country. He is barred from going back to the United States for five years, consequentially making him unable to compete in US tournaments.
Titles and achievements
References
External links
Orcollo bio from Billiards Digest
Filipino pool players
1979 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
World champions in pool
Asian Games medalists in cue sports
Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Cue sports players at the 2010 Asian Games
World Games bronze medalists
Competitors at the 2013 World Games
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games bronze medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games medalists in cue sports
WPA World Eight-ball Champions
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
People deported from the United States
Bilanga is a department or commune of Gnagna Province in northern Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Bilanga.
Towns and villages
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Gnagna Province
Agriades pyrenaicus, the Gavarnie blue, is a Palearctic butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Asturias mountains of north-western Spain, the Pyrenees, the southern Balkan Peninsula, Turkey, the Caucasus and Armenia. The habitat consists of alpine grassy rocky meadows where it is found at altitudes ranging from 1,500 to 2,200 meters.
The wingspan is 22–28 mm. The wings are grey suffused with blue and the wings are bordered by a white line. On the upperside a grey discal spot centers each wing, on the underside the forewings are decorated with black dots circled in white and the hindwings have a sub-marginal line of white dots some centered yellow.
The larvae feed on Androsace species.
Subspecies
A. p. pyrenaicus (central Pyrenees)
A. p. asturiensis (Oberthür, 1910) (Picos de Europa)
A. p. dardanus (Freyer, 1844) - Balkan blue (Balkans, Asia Minor, Caucasus, Armenia) smaller than pyrenaicus, and the pale spots of the hindwing beneath with more distinct black centres.
A. p. ergane (Higgins, 1981) (Ukraine, Russia)
References
External links
Butterflies described in 1840
Agriades
Tembo Tabou, written by Franquin and Greg, drawn by Franquin and Jean Roba, is the twenty-fourth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the twentieth under Franquin's authorship. The story was initially serialised in Le Parisien Libéré in 1959, and later in Spirou magazine, before it was published, along with the Marsupilami story La Cage, as a hardcover album in 1974.
Story
In Tembo Tabou, Spirou and Fantasio find themselves on another expedition travelling upstream an African river, in search of vanished American author Oliver Gurgling Thirstywell. Events become increasingly stranger when they discover red elephants, befriend a pygmy tribe, learn of Marsupilami's love of eating warrior ants, and confront a gang of "protection racket" thugs who cultivate meat-eating plants.
The story The Cage chronicles an awful day at work for intrepid poacher Bring M. Backalive, obsessed with capturing a living sample of a baby Marsupilami, who learns the cost of angering a Marsupilami father.
Background
The title story of this album was produced in the period between the making of Spirou et les hommes-bulles and QRN sur Bretzelburg.
Trivia
In the 1970s, Swedish publishing house Carlsen Comics deemed the story's contents to be racially offensive, and the album was never published in Sweden. However, it was published in Denmark by Interpresse.
The story was later published in Sweden in book form, included in the collected series of Franquin's Spirou.
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
Footnotes
External links
Spirou official site album index
Franquin site album index
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1974 graphic novels
1974 in comics
Comics set in Africa
Works originally published in Le Parisien
Literature first published in serial form
Maysoon Pachachi (born 17 September 1947) is a film director, editor and producer of Iraqi origin. She was educated in Iraq, the U.S., Britain and can speak English, Arabic, French and Italian. She studied Philosophy at University College London (BA Hons) and Film under Thorold Dickinson at the Slade School of Art, where visiting lecturers included Jean Renoir and Gillo Pontecorvo. She has made documentaries in Iraq, Iran, Palestine, Egypt, Syria and Lebanon. Aside from making films, Maysoon has also taught film directing and editing in Britain, Iraq and Palestine (in Jerusalem, Gaza and at Birzeit University). She now lives in Britain where she co-founded Act Together: Women Against Sanctions and War on Iraq, a group of UK-based Iraqi and non-Iraqi women formed in 2000 to campaign against the economic sanctions on Iraq. They also campaigned against the invasion of Iraq. Now the group's focus is on the occupation and the support of independent grassroots women's initiatives in Iraq. She has also written articles on her work in Iraq and Palestine for the New Statesman and The Guardian among other publications.
Following the start of the Iraq War in 2004, she co-founded with her colleague, Kasim Abid, also a London-based Iraqi filmmaker, the Independent Film & Television College, a non-governmental free-of-charge film-training centre in Baghdad. Eight films produced by the college's students won prizes at Arab and international festivals. She currently serves as the chair on the board of trustees for the Shubbak festival of contemporary Arab culture.
She is the daughter of Iraqi politician Adnan Pachachi.
Filmography
Voices from Gaza (1989)
Iraqi Women: Voices from Exile (1994)
Iranian Journey (2000)
Living with the Past: People and Monuments in Medieval Cairo (2001)
Bitter Water (2003)
Return to the Land of Wonders (2004)
Life After the Fall (2008)
Our Feelings took the Pictures: Open Shutters Iraq (2008)
Also worked on television series “Minder” (1980s)
References
External links
Maysoon Pachachi "Women make movies"
Pachachi
Maysoon Pachachi, Iraqi filmmaker
Exiled in England with plans for Baghdad
1947 births
Living people
Iraqi film directors
Iraqi women film directors
Alumni of University College London
Alumni of the Slade School of Fine Art
Birzeit University faculty
Iraqi documentary filmmakers
Women documentary filmmakers
Alumni of the London Film School
Sithor Kandal District () is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.
References
Districts of Prey Veng province
Koman is a settlement in the former Temal municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania. At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Vau i Dejës. The Koman Hydroelectric Power Station has taken the name of the settlement.
The settlement takes its name from the Cumans. Koman also gave the name to the Koman culture, around which is built an important theory of the transition between Illyrians and Albanians.
References
External link
Populated places in Vau i Dejës
Villages in Shkodër County
The 1996 Paris–Tours was the 90th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 6 October 1996. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Nicola Minali of the Gewiss team.
General classification
References
1996 in French sport
1996
Paris-Tours
1996 in road cycling
October 1996 sports events in Europe
Quickstep is an album by pianist Kenny Barron which was recorded in 1991 and released on the German Enja label.
Reception
In his review on Allmusic, Stephen Cook noted "Barron displayed his considerable writing and playing skills in the company of top New York jazz musicians, refining the sound heard on classic '60s Blue Note releases ... A fine modern hard bop release".
Track listing
All compositions by Kenny Barron except where noted.
"Once upon a Time" (John Stubblefield) – 8:10
"I Wanted to Say" (Victor Lewis) – 8:23
"Until Then" - 7:36
"Hindsight" (Cedar Walton) – 7:51
"Quick Step" - 5:52
"Here and There" (John Stubblefield) – 7:26
"Big Girls" (Lewis) – 15:41
Personnel
Kenny Barron – piano
Eddie Henderson – trumpet
John Stubblefield – tenor saxophone
David Williams – bass
Victor Lewis – drums
References
Kenny Barron albums
1991 albums
Enja Records albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
I Heard That Song Before is a suspense novel by American author Mary Higgins Clark.
Synopsis
The daughter of a landscaper for the wealthy Carrington family, six-year-old Kay Lansing sneaks away from her father's side one morning, and overhears a woman blackmailing a man for money. When she tells him that this will be the last time, he caustically responds: "I heard that song before". That same night teenager Susan Althrop, the eldest son Peter Carrington‘s girlfriend, vanishes into thin air and is never seen again. Twenty-two years later, Peter, forty-two, now runs the family empire and has been widowed; his pregnant wife drowned in their swimming pool eight years ago. As fate would have it, Kay falls in love with Peter after she approaches him about hosting a literary luncheon, and the two promptly marry. However, his peculiar nocturnal habits soon set her teeth on edge, especially when he's unconsciously drawn to the place where the former Mrs. Carrington met her end...
Reception
The novel was a critical and commercial success, garnering the excellent reviews Clark has become accustomed to over the years.
Clark deftly keeps the finger of guilt pointed in many directions until the surprising conclusion. - Publishers Weekly
I Heard That Song Before once again dramatically reconfirms Mary Higgins Clark's worldwide reputation as a master storyteller. - Barnes & Noble
References
2007 American novels
Novels by Mary Higgins Clark
Westchester Stakes may refer to:
Westchester Stakes, former name of the defunct event Willard L. Proctor Memorial Stakes last held at Hollywood Park, California
Westchester Stakes (NYRA), a New York Racing Association event held at Belmont Park on Long Island, New York
Madhuri Bhattacharya is an Indian actress and former model who has appeared in Kannada and Bollywood films.
Early life
Born in Bangalore in a Bengali family, Bhattacharya studied at the Army Public School and later went to Mount Carmel College to study psychology and Ramaiah College to study law. She lived in R.T. Nagar, Bangalore with her parents, before moving to Mumbai to pursue modelling. She won several beauty contests including the Miss Bangalore title before embarking on her film career. She is now married to a businessman Anurag Arya.
Career
Bhattacharya started her film career by appearing in the Kannada films Khushi and Bisi Bisi. She also modelled for two videos of Sonu Nigam from his album Neene Bari Neene. She acted in Sahara One's television series Kuchh Love Kuchh Masti which was the Indian adaptation of the popular series Sex and the City. In 2009, she appeared in two Bollywood films, Bachelor Party and 3 Nights 4 Days. Her first full fledge role came in the 2010 comedy, Prem Kaa Game alongside Arbaaz Khan. In 2011, she featured in the popular item song "Tinku Jiya" alongside Dharmendra and Bobby Deol in the film Yamla Pagla Deewana. She has completed her third Kannada film Prasad, in which she plays the mother of a deaf-mute eight-year-old boy.
Filmography
See also
Unnati Davara
References
External links
Living people
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Indian film actresses
Indian voice actresses
Actresses in Kannada cinema
21st-century Indian actresses
Bengali people
Actresses from Bangalore
Actresses in Punjabi cinema
Female models from Bangalore
Year of birth missing (living people)
Central Suffolk and North Ipswich is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2010 by Dan Poulter, a Conservative.
History
The county constituency was formed for the 1997 general election, largely from eastern parts of the abolished constituency of Central Suffolk, including the north-western wards of the Borough of Ipswich. Also included western fringes of Suffolk Coastal.
Sir Michael Lord, knighted in 2001, who had held the predecessor seat of Central Suffolk, was the first MP who served the seat, from 1997 until 2010. The 2010 general election saw the fourth win for a Conservative with the election of Dan Poulter, who retained the seat at the 2015 and 2017 elections.
Constituency profile
Central Suffolk and North Ipswich is a safe seat for the Conservative Party, primarily made up of rural farming communities and retirement properties. The exception to this are the three wards from Ipswich Borough Council, which polarise support between the Conservatives and Labour, and Kesgrave, a new satellite town, which shows strong support for the Conservatives. The rural areas which make up the majority of the constituency, consistently return a majority of Conservative councillors. The local government make up of the seat, in respect of the number of borough and district councillors elected by party is 27 Conservative, 5 Labour, 4 Independent, 3 Liberal Democrat, and 2 Green. (Barking by-election 2016 was a Green gain).
Boundaries and boundary changes
1997–2010: The District of Mid Suffolk wards of Barham, Barking, Bramford, Claydon, Creeting, Debenham, Eye, Fressingfield, Helmingham, Hoxne, Mendlesham, Palgrave, Stonham, Stradbroke, Wetheringsett, Weybread, and Worlingworth, the District of Suffolk Coastal wards of Bealings, Dennington, Earl Soham, Framlingham, Glemham, Grundisburgh and Witnesham, Hasketon, Kesgrave, Otley, Rushmere, and Wickham Market, and the Borough of Ipswich wards of Broom Hill, Castle Hill, Whitehouse, and Whitton.
2010–present: The District of Mid Suffolk wards of Barking and Somersham, Bramford and Blakenham, Claydon and Barham, Debenham, Eye, Fressingfield, Helmingham and Coddenham, Hoxne, Mendlesham, Palgrave, Stradbroke and Laxfield, The Stonhams, Wetheringsett, and Worlingworth, the District of Suffolk Coastal wards of Earl Soham, Framlingham, Grundisburgh, Hacheston, Kesgrave East, Kesgrave West, Otley, Rushmere St Andrew, Wickham Market, and Witnesham, and the Borough of Ipswich wards of Castle Hill, Whitehouse, and Whitton.
Lost the Borough of Ipswich ward of Broom Hill which had been abolished by a revision of the borough wards; area covered by the ward now included in the borough constituency of Ipswich. Other marginal changes due to revision of local authority wards.
Members of Parliament
Elections
Elections in the 2010s
Elections in the 2000s
Elections in the 1990s
See also
List of parliamentary constituencies in Suffolk
Notes
References
External links
nomis Constituency Profile for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich — presenting data from the ONS annual population survey and other official statistics.
Parliamentary constituencies in Suffolk
Constituencies of the Parliament of the United Kingdom established in 1997
Politics of Ipswich
The San Juan Knights, also known as the San Juan Knights–GFG AICC and previously as the Andok's San Juan–Knights, are a professional basketball team in the Metropolitan Basketball Association from 1999 to 2001, Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League since 2018, and Filbasket since 2021. The team enjoyed considerable success, winning the MBA National Championship in 2000 and the MBA first phase conference in 2001. They played their home games at the PhilSports Arena in 1999 to early 2000, the San Juan Gym in 2000, and in the Filoil Flying V Centre since 2018.
History
The San Juan team, owned by former San Juan Mayor and Philippine senator Jinggoy Estrada and businessman Sandy Javier, was accepted in the league's second season in 1999, along with two others; Surigao and Nueva Ecija. San Juan was called Knights in reference to the concepts of gallantry and bravery. During the pre-season, the team was able to snare 6-9 man-mountain Bonel Balingit from the PBA, offering him a three-year, P16 million contract. They also acquired playmaker and last year's member of the MBA mythical five - Gherome Ejercito, who was released by the Pampanga Dragons since San Juan was owned by Gherome's cousin Jinggoy Estrada. The other Knights include Christian Calaguio, 1998 NCAA Most Valuable Player, and point guard Chito Victolero.
In April 2018, San Juan Knights returned to competitive basketball when it joined the Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League, a then-newly established regional basketball league. In addition, the Knights was also known as San Juan Knights-Go for Gold powered by Big J Sports due to their sponsorship with Powerball Marketing & Logistics Corporation and its Go for Gold program along with Big J Sports; Big J was also sponsored another MPBL team, Navotas Clutch, with PMLC also already owns the Go for Gold Scratchers basketball team in the PBA Developmental League.
Metropolitan Basketball Association (MBA)
MBA national championship
In the MBA's third season in 2000, the San Juan Knights captured the national title, they swept Laguna Lakers in the best-of-three semifinals and scored a 3–1 series victory over Manila Metrostars in the Northern Conference finals. For the national championship, the Knights defeated the Negros Slashers, four games to two, in the best-of-seven series. The fifth game had a debris-throwing incident at the University of St.La Salle Coliseum in Bacolod City. The Knights were way ahead, 87–65, with 11 minutes and 38 seconds left in the fourth quarter when play was stopped. The Negros Slashers conceded Game five, giving the San Juan Knights a 3–2 edge in the series with Game six to be held at San Juan's homecourt - San Juan Coliseum.
Head coaches
Philip Cezar
Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League (MPBL)
Current roster
Head coaches
Randy Alcantara (2018–present)
Notable players
MBA
Randy Alcantara
Bonel Balingit
Vilmer Banares
Chris Calaguio
Danny Capobres
Gilbert Castillo
Bruce Dacia
Rudy Distrito
Gherome Ejercito
Kalani Ferreria
Philip Newton
Michael Otto
Rafi Reavis
Omanzie Rodriguez
Chito Victolero
MPBL
Mark Cardona (2018–2020)
Jam Cortes (2018–2019)
Samboy de Leon (2018)
Larry Rodriguez (2018–present)
John Wilson (2018–present)
Filbasket
Rhenz Abando (2021)
Justin Gutang (2021-2022)
Season-by-season records
Records from the 2022-23 MPBL season:
References
Basketball teams established in 1999
1999 establishments in the Philippines
Sports teams in Metro Manila
Maharlika Pilipinas Basketball League teams
Metropolitan Basketball Association teams
Marcus Calventius Viator was a soldier and commander of Roman Emperor Hadrian's horse guards, the equites singulares Augusti, during the early 2nd century.
Viator served as a centurion in Legio IV Flavia Felix and was training officer (exercitator) of Gaius Avidius Nigrinus' horse guards (equites singulares). He made a dedication at the legionary base in northern Dacia at Apulum sometime between 110 and 118. In 118 Nigrinus was involved in a conspiracy with Lusius Quietus against Hadrian. It has been speculated that Viator may have implicated Nigrinus, given his later promotion under Hadrian. Viator was promoted to the emperor's horse guards sometime before 128, being attested at Zarai in Africa Province.
Notes
2nd-century Romans
Romans from unknown gentes
In the United States, college football has been played since the 1869 season when Princeton and Rutgers played the first game. In the early years of the game, Harvard University and McGill University developed a rivalry that is credited with the establishment of modern American football. The first game played outside the United States occurred on October 23, 1874, when the Crimson defeated McGill 3–0 at Montreal, Quebec. Several other games were played during the early years of the game in Canada until the differences between American and Canadian football became significant enough that Canadian and American universities ceased playing one-another. In addition to the early Canadian games, several teams competed in the Bacardi Bowl at Havana, Cuba until it was discontinued after the 1946 edition of the game.
Although not common, National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) rules allow for member institutions to compete in regular season games scheduled in foreign countries no more than once every four years. The first of these games occurred in 1976 when Grambling State defeated Morgan State in the Pioneer Bowl at Korakuen Stadium in Tokyo. After that initial game, a regular season game called the Mirage Bowl (later called the Coca-Cola Classic) was played in Tokyo from 1977 to 1993. Since 1977, regular season games have also been played in Australia, Bermuda, Germany, Ireland, Italy, and the United Kingdom.
In April 2006, the NCAA announced Toronto was awarded a postseason bowl game to be played at Rogers Centre. The International Bowl was the first bowl game played outside the United States since the Bacardi Bowl in 1937. However, the game was discontinued after its 2010 edition. Two international games were played as part of the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Penn State and UCF played their season opener in the Croke Park Classic at Dublin, and the Bahamas Bowl had its inaugural edition at Thomas Robinson Stadium in Nassau in December 2014 and its second edition on December 24, 2015. The Bahamas Bowl has continued as part of the bowl schedule ever since. Two regular-season games were scheduled for 2016: the first game of the season, with California and Hawaii playing at ANZ Stadium in Sydney, and a return to Dublin's Aviva Stadium, this time with Boston College playing Georgia Tech.
In addition to those played, several international games have been proposed from time-to-time that were never actually played. In 1989, USC and Illinois were scheduled to open their season in the Glasnost Bowl at Dynamo Stadium in Moscow. However, the game was canceled and moved to the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum due to the logistics of undertaking a college football game in the Soviet Union. In 1996, the Haka Bowl was scheduled for play at Auckland, New Zealand, but its certification was subsequently revoked by the NCAA due to financing concerns. In 2013, bowl games were proposed for both Dublin, Ireland and Dubai, United Arab Emirates, but neither was certified by the NCAA for play. In both 2020 and 2021, the Emerald Isle Classic played at Dublin, Ireland was canceled due to the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Ireland event returned for 2022, with a new sponsored name of Aer Lingus College Football Classic.
Games
Division I-A/FBS
Notes
References
General
Specific
Outside the United States
Games played outside the United States
Dicranoloma is a genus of mosses in the family Dicranaceae. The Dicranoloma mosses are distributed in the Southern Hemisphere, while the Dicranum mosses are found in the Northern Hemisphere. Species within this genus are dioicous. Another genus in this family is Campylopus. Example occurrences of the genus Dicranoloma is in the form of mats on beech/podocarp forest floors of New Zealand's northern South Island. Dicranoloma dicarpum has a wide distribution in both hemispheres.
References
C. Michael Hogan. 2009. Crown Fern: Blechnum discolor, Globaltwitcher.com, ed. N. Stromberg
New York Botanical Garden. 1913. North American flora, Published by New York Botanical Garden, v. 15, pts. 1-2
Line notes
Moss genera
Bodianus bathycapros, is a species of wrasse native to tropical and warm temperate waters of the Pacific Ocean, particularly the Hawaiian Islands. It is restricted to deeper waters and has been observed from submersibles at depths of around . It is an oviparous species in which the male and female form distinct pairs when spawning.
References
Further reading
Parenti, Paolo, and John E. Randall. "Checklist of the species of the families Labridaeand Scaridae: an update." (2011).
External links
bathycapros
Fish described in 2006
James or Jim Gordon may refer to:
Arts and entertainment
James Gordon (actor) (1871–1941), American actor
James Gordon (Canadian musician) (born 1955), Canadian singer-songwriter
James Gordon (journalist), British broadcast journalist and radio presenter
James Alexander Gordon (1936–2014), British radio presenter
Jim Gordon (musician) (born 1945), session drummer
Jim Gordon (sportscaster) (1927–2003), American sportscaster
Jim Gordon (bassist), bassist on Sordid Humor
Jim Gordon (jazz musician), on Home Plate
Military
James Gordon, 2nd Viscount Aboyne (1620–1649), Scottish royalist commander in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms
James Gordon (British Army officer, died 1783), British Army officer who fought in the American War of Independence
James Gordon (British Army officer, born 1957), British Army general
James Gordon (Royal Navy officer) (1782–1869), British admiral
James B. Gordon (1822–1864), Confederate general
James Willoughby Gordon (1772–1851), British Army general and long-serving Quartermaster-General to the Forces
James Gordon (Australian soldier) (1909–1986), awarded the Victoria Cross in 1941
Politics and law
James Gordon (Australian politician) (1845–1914), New South Wales politician
James Gordon (MP) (c. 1758–1822), Member of Parliament for Stockbridge, Truro, Clitheroe and Tregony
James Gordon (Mississippi politician) (1833–1912), American planter, U.S. Senator
James Gordon (New Brunswick politician) (born 1949), Canadian former politician
James Gordon (New York politician) (1739–1810), American Indian trader, U.S. Congressman
James Gordon (Upper Canada politician) (1786–1865), Upper Canada political figure
James D. Gordon III (born 1954), American legal academic
James Fleming Gordon (1918–1990), U.S. federal judge
James L. Gordon (1917–1967), American-Filipino politician
James Lindsay Gordon (1813-1877) attorney and member of the Virginia House of Delegates
James Lindsay Gordon (attorney) (1858-1904), American attorney and Virginia state senator, nephew of James Lindsay Gordon
James Thomas Gordon (1859–1919), Canadian politician, Manitoba
James Wright Gordon (J. Wright Gordon, 1809–1853), Whig politician from Michigan
Jim Gordon (politician) (born 1937), Canadian politician
Jim Gordon (American politician), American educator and politician
Religion
James Gordon (bishop of Jarrow) (1881–1938), Bishop of Jarrow in the Church of England
James Gordon (Jesuit) (1541–1620), Scottish Jesuit
James Gordon (missionary) (1832–1872), missionary to the New Hebrides
James Gordon (vicar apostolic) (1665–1746), Vicar Apostolic of Scotland
James Henry Hamilton-Gordon (1845–1868), prospective missionary, son of George Hamilton-Gordon, 5th Earl of Aberdeen
Other people
James Gordon (American football) (born 1991), American football player
James Gordon (athlete) (1908–1997), American Olympic sprinter
James Gordon, Baron Gordon of Strathblane (1936–2020), Scottish businessman
James Gordon (botanist) (1708–1780), gardener, nurseryman and seed merchant
James Davidson Gordon (1835–1889), British civil servant and administrator
J. E. Gordon (James Edward Gordon, 1913–1998), British professor of materials science and biomechanics
James Edward Henry Gordon (1852–1893), British engineer
James P. Gordon (1928–2013), American physicist and engineer
James Riely Gordon (1863–1937), American architect
James Samuel Gordon, American author and psychiatrist
Fictional people
James Gordon (character), fictional police commissioner of Gotham City in Batman comics
James Gordon Jr., a fictional supervillain in DC Comics and an enemy of Batman
James Gordon (Gotham), a fictional character in the Gotham television series, based on the Batman character of the same name
See also
Jay Gordon (disambiguation)
Jimmy Gordon (disambiguation)
The 2004–05 Munster Rugby season was Munster's fourth season competing in the Celtic League, alongside which they also competed in the Heineken Cup. It was Alan Gaffney's second and final season as head coach.
2004–05 squad
Pre-season
2004–05 Celtic League
2004–05 Celtic Cup
Quarter-final
Semi-final
Final
2004–05 Heineken Cup
Pool 4
Quarter-final
References
External links
2004–05 Munster Rugby season official site
2004–05
2004–05 in Irish rugby union
Pandemis sclerophylla is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Hugh Mackay (ca 1751 – January 28, 1848) was a judge and political figure in New Brunswick. He represented Charlotte in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1793 to 1795, from 1802 to 1809 and from 1817 to 1830.
Mackay served in the loyalist forces during the American Revolution, afterwards settling in St. George, New Brunswick. He served as a colonel in the militia there and was senior judge in the Court of Common Pleas for Charlotte County. Mackay died at the age of 97.
Military Service: Queen's Rangers, May 21, 1778
Death
He died on January 28, 1848 in the Parish of Saint George in the County of Charlotte and Province of New Brunswick. He was buried at the St. Mark's Cemetery in St. George. His tombstone epitaph reads:
"Sacred to the Memory of Hugh MacKay Esq.
Late of Suther Hall St. George.
Who Departed this Life 28th January A. D. 1848 in the 97th Year of his Age.
He was a Native of Sutherlandshire Scotland.
Served during the American Revolutionary War as an Officer in the Queen's American Rangers Regiment of Foot.
And was for many Years Colonel of the Charlotte County Militia.
And was Leading Member in the House of Assembly of the Province for the said County."
References
Year of birth uncertain
1848 deaths
Members of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
Colony of New Brunswick judges
Colony of New Brunswick people
United Empire Loyalists
Loyalist military personnel of the American Revolutionary War
American emigrants to pre-Confederation New Brunswick
Loyalists in the American Revolution from New York (state)
Kilton Viaduct was a railway viaduct that straddled Kilton Beck, near to Loftus, in North Yorkshire, England. The viaduct was opened to traffic in 1867, however in 1911, with the viaduct suffering subsidence from the nearby ironstone mining, the whole structure was encased in waste material from the mines creating an embankment which re-opened fully to traffic in 1913. The railway closed in 1963, but then in 1974, it re-opened as part of the freight line to Boulby Mine carrying potash traffic.
History
An Act of Parliament from 1865, authorised the construction of the Saltburn Extension Railway, which would connect the lines through to , and allow for the ironstone industry in the region to export its product by rail. Between Skinningrove and Loftus railway stations, the line crossed a ravine through which Kilton Beck flows. The line was opened to traffic in 1867. The viaduct, which was built to a design by Sir James Brunlees, was also sometimes known as Kilton Beck Viaduct.
When completed, the viaduct was (678 ft) long with twelve piers all apart and some above Kilton Beck. The width of the bridge section was , and eleven of the piers were in width. The thirteenth span, the most northerly, was built on a skew and was across to accommodate a line from Carlin How Junction, which formed a reverse headshunt underneath that arch of the viaduct. The span was deliberately wider than the other piers as it was built to accommodate three tracks side by side. The lines underneath the viaduct were built to allow access to ironstone mines and works at Skinningrove, which was below the viaduct. The main pier of the wider (thirteenth) span was a trapezoid shape at the bottom where it was rooted into the ground. Again, this was to enable the accommodation of the line on the curved viaduct. Although the viaduct was constructed with the correct width for two lines, only one line was ever laid or used. The bridge deck was constructed from a metal lattice-girder, and the piers were built of stone. This involved of wrought iron, and of freestone.
By 1908, subsidence was obvious, and so a speed limit of was enforced on trains passing over the viaduct. However, by 1911, the effects of the subsidence was so bad that action was taken to remedy the problem. The line closed to freight traffic, and a culvert across Kilton Beck was constructed to allow the free flow of water. This culvert is long, thick at the ceiling, deep for the water channel and at its widest point (normal water level). It was constructed from ferro-concrete and was re-inforced with Kahn steel bars. This was due to the loads involved on the structure, and to combat the possible future effects of subsidence from ironstone mining. Some ironstone waste from the Cargo Fleet Iron Company mine at Liverton, was poured through the lattice girders to create an embankment. However, the operation was halted for two weeks when one of the piers showed signs of stress (probably due to inaccurate pouring of the shale), but eventually, the embankment was opened to all traffic in 1913. Whilst the viaduct was closed completely for two weeks, passengers were conveyed between Skinningrove and Loftus railway stations by a motor char-à-banc. Freight traffic had to travel south to , and run up the Esk Valley Line to . The zig-zag line was amended so it ran alongside the embankment formation rather than through it, but at a lower level.
The railway south to Loftus across the embankment closed to passengers in 1960, and then completely in August 1963. However, the line between Skinningrove and Boulby re-opened in 1974 for potash traffic. Modern mapping shows the embankment as Kilton Viaduct and lists it as being long. Paths exist alongside the line across the embankment, with walkers and cyclists saying that the views are "fabulous". Although the line is now closed south of Boulby, the next viaduct south was the now dismantled Staithes Viaduct. Northwards it is Upleatham/Skelton/Saltburn Viaduct.
References
Sources
External links
Image of viaduct with a breakdown train on it after an accident
Railway viaducts in North Yorkshire
Former railway bridges in the United Kingdom
Buried viaducts
Rail transport in North Yorkshire
Bridges completed in 1867
The buff-streaked chat or buff-streaked bushchat, (Campicoloides bifasciatus) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae. It is found in Lesotho, South Africa, and Eswatini.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland.
References
External links
Buff-streaked chat - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
buff-streaked chat
Birds of Southern Africa
buff-streaked chat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bhupathiraju Vissam Raju (1920-2002) is an Indian industrialist, a former chairman of Raasi Cements and the Cement Corporation of India and one of the pioneers of Indian cement industry. He was the director of Sagi Ramakrishnam Raju Constructions and Prasad and Company Project Works Limited. He was also interested in ceramics and refractory industries and is the founder of the Padmasri Dr. B.V Raju Institute of Technology. The Government of India awarded him the fourth-highest Indian civilian award of Padma Shri in 1977 and followed it with the third-highest honour of Padma Bhushan in 2001.
References
Recipients of the Padma Shri in civil service
Recipients of the Padma Bhushan in trade and industry
Indian industrialists
Indian businesspeople in cement
1920 births
2002 deaths
People from West Godavari district
Businesspeople from Andhra Pradesh
In genetics, a morbid map is a chart or diagram of diseases and the chromosomal location of genes the diseases are associated with. A morbid map exists as an appendix of the Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) knowledgebase, listing chromosomes and the genes mapped to specific sites on those chromosomes, and this format most clearly reveals the relationship between gene and phenotype.
References
External links
Morbid map at OMIM
Further reading
Genetics
National Health Policy 2011 (NHP)
The Health Policy has 19 goals and objectives, 16 policy principles and 39 strategies.
Policy contents
The Bangladesh health policy document was published in 2011 and adheres to the following :
Health is defined as "A state of complete physical, mental and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity."
Every citizen has the basic right to adequate health care. The State and the government are constitutionally obliged to ensure health care for its citizens.
To ensure an effective health care system that responds to the need of a healthy nation, health policy provides the vision and mission for development.
Pursuit of such policy will fulfill the demands of the people of the country, while health service providers will be encouraged and inspired. People's physical well-being and free thought process have proved to be a precondition for the growth and intellectual enrichment in today's human society
Bangladesh expressed agreement on the following declarations:
The Alma Ata Declaration (1978)
The World Summit for Children (1990)
International Conference on Population and Development (1994)
Beijing Women's Conference (1995)
In the absence of a written and approved Health Policy, the national Annual Development Program and Five Year Plans substituted for policy principles. The problems in the health services multiplied in the absence of a clear policy. Bangladesh is a developing country with the world's highest population density.
History of the development of the policy
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare assembled a Committee in 1996 for the purpose of preparing a health policy, with members drawn from civil society and professional bodies, including technocrats and bureaucrats.
A further five sub-committees were formed to:
Evaluate the existing health services and determining the goals
Formulate policies to ensure essential services
Formulate policies to ensure hospital-based services
Design Strategies for HRD
Integrate NGOs and the Private Sector and plan for resources and utilisation of funds
The sub-committees worked for more than a year and submitted their efforts/recommendations. A working group was formed and entrusted with the responsibilities for compiling the recommendations contained in the reports. The working group also organised workshops in all six Divisions to elicit opinions of cross-section of the society on these reports. Finally the working group presented the proposals and recommendations to the National Health Policy Formulation Committee. A report on the health policy was thus formulated on the basis of consensus. The Cabinet on 14 Aug 2000 approved the National Health Policy.
Health care system
The health care is designated to meet the health needs of the community through the use of available knowledge and resources. The services provided should be comprehensive and community based. The resources must be distributed according to the needs of the community. The final outcome of good health care system is the changed health status or improve health status of the community which is expressed in terms of lives saved, death averted, disease prevented, disease treated, prolongation of life etc.
Health care delivery system in Bangladesh based on PHC concept has got various Level of service delivery:
Home and community level.
Union level,
Union sub centre (USC) or Health and family welfare centre; This is the first health facility level.
Thana level, Thana Health Complex (THC): This is the first referral level.
District Hospital: This is the secondary referral level.
National Level: This is the tertiary referral level.
A) Primary level health care is delivered though USC or HFWC with one in each union domiciliary level,
integrated health and family planning services through field workers for every 3000–4000 population and 31
bed capacities in hospitals.
B) The secondary level health care is provided through 500 bed capacities in district hospital. Facilities provide specialist services in internal medicine, general surgery, gynecology, paediatrics and obstetrics, eye clinical, pathology, blood transfusion and public health laboratories.
C) Tertiary Level health care is available at the medical college hospital, public health and medical institutes and other specialist hospitals at the national level where a mass wide range of specialised as well as better
laboratory facilities are available.
The referral system will be developed keeping in view the following.
1. A clearly spent-out linkage between the specialised national institutes, medical college and district hospitals
to ensure proper care and treatment of patients from the rural areas served by lower level facilities.
2. Patients from the rural areas referred by lower level facilities to district and medical college hospitals and
specialised institutions should get preferential treatment after admission
See also
Health in Bangladesh
Blood donation in Bangladesh
HIV/AIDS in Bangladesh
Water supply and sanitation in Bangladesh
References
Healthcare in Bangladesh
Health policy
The Confederation of Free Trade Unions (CMTU) is a national trade union center in Mongolia. It was the first alternative trade union centre in Mongolia, founded after the monopoly of the Confederation of Mongolian Trade Unions was broken in the late 1990s. The CFTU and other independent trade union have, however, not been able to challenge the dominance of CMTU in the Mongolian labour market.
References
Trade unions in Mongolia
Trade unions established in the 1990s
Aisea is a masculine given name that may refer to
Aisea Havili (born 1977), Tongan rugby union player
Aisea Katonivere (died 2013), Fijian chief and politician
Aisea Natoga (born 1990), Fijian rugby union player
Aisea Tohi (born 1987), Tongan sprint runner
Aisea Tuidraki (1916–1966), Fijian cricketer
Aisea Tuilevu (born 1972), Fijian rugby union player
Angeli may refer to:
Angeli, Finland, a village in Finnish Lapland
Angeli di Varano, a village near Ancona in central Italy
Angelica vestis, the monastic garment
The Italian word for "angels"
The Angeli–Rimini reaction
Angeli, a novel by Alessandro Defilippi
Surname
Alfredo Angeli (born 1927), Italian director and screenwriter
Alfredo de Angeli (born 1956), rural leader of the Federación Agraria Argentina of Entre Ríos
Alicia Gironella D'Angeli, Mexican chef
Amedeo Angeli (born 1911), Italian bobsledder
Angeli (cartoonist), Brazilian comic book writer and illustrator
Angelo Angeli (1864–1931), Italian chemist
Arnor Angeli (born 1991), Belgian footballer
Benedicto Antonio Angeli (born 1939), Brazilian football player
Edgar Angeli (1892–1945), Croatian rear admiral of Navy of Croatia
Ève Angeli (born 1980), French pop singer
Filippo d'Angeli (1600–1660), Italian painter of the Baroque period
Francesco degli Angeli (1567–1628), Italian Jesuit missionary to Ethiopia
Franco Angeli (1935-1988), Italian sculptor and painter
Giulio Cesare Angeli (1570–1630), Italian painter of the early Baroque
Giuseppe Angeli (1709–1798), Italian painter of the late-Baroque
Giuseppe Angeli (1931-2016), Italian politician
Heinrich von Angeli (1840–1925), Austrian painter
Jake Angeli (born 1988), American conspiracy theorist and activist
Jerome de Angelis (1567–1623), Italian Jesuit missionary to Japan
Jordan Angeli (born 1986), American soccer player from Lakewood, Colorado
Lou Angeli (1951–2013), American writer and filmmaker
Marguerite de Angeli (1889–1987), American writer and illustrator of children's books
Michael Angeli (born 1970), American writer and television produce
Pier Angeli (1932–1971), Italian-born television and film actress
Stefano degli Angeli (1623–1697), Italian mathematician
Virna De Angeli (Gravedona, 27 February 1976) is an Italian former sprinter
Given name
Angeli Bayani, Filipino actress
Angeli Gonzales (born 1994), Filipino teen actress
Angeli Nicole Sanoy (born 2001), Filipina child actress
Marco Angeli di Sartèna (1905–1985), politician from Corsica
Maria Angeli Tabaquero (born 1989), Filipino volleyball athlete
Angeli Vanlaanen (born 1985), American freestyle skier
See also
Angelic (disambiguation)
Angelis (disambiguation)
Angelo (disambiguation)
Italian-language surnames
Lucinda Whitty (born 9 November 1989) is an Australian sailor. She represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in sailing.
Personal
Nicknamed Lu, Whitty was born on 9 November 1989 in Sydney. Jeremy Whitty is her father and has competed in several sailing races. She has siblings and they are active in competitive sailing. She attended Lane Cove Public School before going to high school at SCEGGS Darlinghurst. She enrolled at the University of Technology, Sydney in 2008 and is enrolled as of 2012. She is working on a Bachelor of Business. , she lives in Sydney.
Whitty is tall and weighs .
Sailing
Whitty is a sailor, acting as a bowman. As a five-year-old, she started participating in the sport. The boat she competes in is Only Racing and is operated by teammate Olivia Price. Her primary training base is Sydney, with a secondary training base in Weymouth. She is a member of the Middle Harbour Yacht Club. She has a sailing scholarship from the Australian Institute of Sport and New South Wales Institute of Sport.
Whitty made her Australian national team debut at the 2007 Youth Olympic Festival. At the 2009 ISAF Women's Match Racing Championship, she came in first. She competed in the 2009 ISAF Match Racing World Championships with Nicky Souter, and came away with a first-place finish. In 2010, she was named the Australian Female of the Year Sailor. The same year, she earned the title of Australian University Female Sportswoman of the year and the 2010 Female Sailor of the Year.
In 2011, Whitty, Nina Curtis and Olivia Price formed their Elliott 6m team in response to an announcement that the class of boat would be an Olympic event in London. She competed in the Perth 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships. Her team finished eighth. At ISAF Nations Cup Grand Final in Sheboygan, her team finished third in match racing. At the 2011 Weymouth & Portland International Regatta in Weymouth, Great Britain, her team finished fifth in match racing. At the 2011 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland, her team finished seventh in match racing. At the 2012 ISAF Sailing World Cup in Weymouth, her team finished first. At the 2012 ISAF Sailing World Cup in Miami, her team finished second. At the 2012 ISAF Sailing World Cup in Spain, her team finished third. She competed in the 2012 ISAF Women's Match Racing World Championship in Gottenburg, Sweden. Going into the event, her team was ranked sixth in the world. With five wins and two losses, her team finished third in their group in the group stage. This was her team's final competition before the Olympics.
Whitty was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in sailing. She was named to the Elliott 6m team in June 2012. In the lead up to the Olympic Games, she participated at a national team training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport's Italian training centre. In the 2012 games, Whitty, Curtis and Price got a silver medal for Australia.
References
External links
Living people
1989 births
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Australian Institute of Sport sailors
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Elliott 6m
Olympic sailors of Australia
Australian sportswomen
Australian female sailors (sport)
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in sailing
New South Wales Institute of Sport alumni
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Sydney
Pholcus ancoralis is a species of spider of the genus Pholcus native to various island groups in the Pacific Ocean including the Ryukyu Islands of Japan, Hawaii, New Caledonia, French Polynesia, the Samoas, Marquesas and Cook Islands.
See also
List of Pholcidae species
References
Pholcidae
Spiders described in 1865
Radhika Sanghani is a writer and journalist for such publications as The Daily Telegraph and the author of such books as Virgin: A Novel and Not That Easy.
Education
Sanghani attended Haberdashers' Aske's School for Girls an independent school in Elstree, England and then went on to study English at University College London. Sanghani then did a Master of Arts in Newspaper journalism at City University.
Career
Sanghani was inspired to pursue a career in journalism by the example of Sue Lloyd-Roberts, particularly Roberts' work uncovering the restrictions on women's lives around the world. She worked as a graduate trainee for The Daily Telegraph in 2012 and continued to work for the publication as a features writer and columnist for five years. As of September 2017 she works as a freelance writer. Sanghani specialises in gender issues, social affairs and lifestyle feature writing.
In 2015, Sanghani made headlines by claiming that office air conditioning is sexist. This was met with reactions ranging from negative responses to outright mockery.
References
External links
Living people
British journalists
British women novelists
British people of Indian descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Strathnairn (Gaelic: Srath Narann) is an area of the Scottish Highlands approximately 8 miles southwest of Inverness, bordering the Monadhliath Mountains. The Strath's borders reach to the north where Clava cairn and the Battle of Culloden lie, following the River Nairn south through Daviot, Farr, Brin, Croachy, and finally ending near Dunmaglass.
References
Valleys of Highland (council area)
Charities Directorate of Canada is part of the Federal Ministry of National Revenue, and is responsible for reviewing the applications for charity registration, and auditing and maintaining accountability through education and responsible enforcement. They work to count and monitor the registered charities operating in Canada in the fairest way possible.
As of December 2014, there were 86 193 charities registered in the directorate.
The Directorate is located in Ottawa, in the Canadian Revenue Agency offices.
Charity status
Definition
To gain charity status, organizations must first register with the federal Canadian Revenue Agency under the Income Tax Act. To be eligible for charitable tax status, charities need to provide a public benefit, such as poverty relief or education, and they are limited in their business and political activities, including making profit or engaging in partisan behavior. These limitations are to ensure charities keep to their primary goals and don't abuse their special status.
Benefits
Charitable status grants organizations exemption from income tax and provides the power to issue donation receipts, eligibility to receive gifts from fellow registered charities, and exempts goods and services provided by the charity from sales tax.
Special donor status
Certain donees have the ability to issue their own donation receipts like the Registered Canadian Amateur athletic association (RCAAA), foreign charities accepting gifts from her Majesty the Queen, universities outside of Canada and the United Nations.
Obligations
Registered charities have obligations linked to the status: they must devote and maintain control and direction of all of their resources while keeping them aligned with their purpose, they must file their T3010 Registered Charity Information Return annually, keep reliable records and books of activities, and they must maintain their status as a Canadian legal entity.
Political action
There are limitations as to how registered charities can intervene in political affairs. Political activities must be coordinated or subordinate to the charity's purpose, in no way partisan, and they must provide records of expenses related to such activities in their T3010 forms. The Directorate defines political activities as encouraging and mobilizing the public to try to change specific public policy, law or government decisions, or to engage in partisan activities. Public awareness and education are considered acceptable by the Canada Revenue Agency, as long as the information is sound and the content is not overly emotive. Public policy dialogue and development activities by charities (PPDDAs) by poverty relief, education, or religious organizations reinforce the charity's purpose if they are related to its stated purpose and provide a benefit to the public (see Policy statement CPS-024, Guidelines for registering a charity: Meeting the public benefit test)”.
Legislation
Establishing Law
The Charities Directorate of the Canadian Revenue Agency is delegated authority by the Minister of National Revenue to enforce provisions on registered charities and qualified donees under the Canadian Income Tax Act.
Activities of the Directorate
Ensuring Compliance
The Charities Directorate is responsible for federal regulations on registered charities in Canada under the Income Tax Act, particularly compliance with information reporting requirements to maintain transparency and public accountability (Prime Minister mandate letter to relevant minister:. To enable compliance with the Income Tax Act, registered charities must issue donation receipts for individual and corporate donations and are required to file annual tax returns. Compliance measures include education letters; compliance agreements, sanctions, including financial penalties; suspension of charities' tax-receipting privileges as well as their status as qualified donees; and ultimately the revocation of charitable registration. The Directorate has the power to revoke the status of registered charities if they fail to file annual information returns, fail to spend their resources primarily on public benefit purposes, engage in partisan political activities, issue false gift receipts, or make gifts to other registered charities conditional on gifts in kind.
The Charities Directorate auditing program is intended to maintain public confidence in registered charities. Beginning in the 2000s, the Charities Directorate has increased its unofficial mandate to include education of charities on regulatory compliance although this is still minimal.
Information Collection
The main activity of the CRA is the collection of the T3010 annual information return which describes the activities of all registered charities over the year. The T3010 form also provides information to the public about registered charities' activities.
The T1236 form, Qualified Donees Worksheet, provides detailed information about the money given from one registered charity to another.
Information Publishing
As of 2019, the Canadian Revenue Agency website provides a search function to the public to check the status Canadian charities in order to help individuals' donation decision making. The contact information, activities, and financial information of all registered charities are available.
There has also been a wave of modernization through the use of open data as a means of accountability, published in 2018 in the report "OPENING CANADA'S T3010 CHARITY INFORMATION RETURN DATA".
As of 2013, the CRA has made efforts to be more transparent by making a data portal (https://open.canada.ca/en) available to Canadians, as a means for researchers to gather information on Canadian charities.
History and Recent Developments
In 1967, the first registration of charities with the government occurred through the Canadian Revenue Agency, this led to the creation of the branch that would later deal with the eligibility and regulation of registered charities.
On December 13, 2018, Bill C-86 received Royal Assent, which allows charities in the directorate to pursue political activities and policy-making as long as it is in line with the charities' purpose; except for direct or indirect action concerning political parties or public office candidates.
In 2013, the Director General released a statement giving an overview of how the Directorate works and recent statistics of efficiency. In 2014, the second update of the kind was released, covering new initiatives by the Directorate, along with an updated list of tools and statistics. In 2015, the last of these updates was posted. It presents an overview of legislative updates, auditing guidelines, specific limitations and staff changes.
In 2019, the CRA amended its definition of political activities; now only requesting if the organization had any public policy dialogue and development activities (PPDAs) and to explain them.
Recent controversy over the ability of U.S. donors to give to Canadian organizations could influence important crossborder issues, in particular oil pipelines, and has raised accusations of foreign intervention into Canadian affairs. Canadian federal tax legislation differentiates between Canadian nonprofit organizations and registered charities; Canadian nonprofit organizations (but not registered charities) can seek funding from US donors.
References
Sources
("OPENING CANADA'S T3010 CHARITY INFORMATION RETURN DATA Accountability of Charities through Open Data")
External links
Charities and giving
Canadian taxation government bodies
Charity in Canada
Charity regulators
Kancoona is a locality in northeast Victoria, Australia in the Kiewa Valley, northeast of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Kancoona had a population of 210.
Kancoona Post Office opened on 3 December 1923 and closed in 1968.
References
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Towns in Central Hume
Alpine Shire
Robert Wolverstone (1572/3–1624) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1614.
In 1614, Wolverstone was elected Member of Parliament for Cardigan.
Wolverstone was probably the father or brother of Captain Charles Wolverstone, Governor of Barbados from 1625 to 1629.
References
1570s births
1624 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
17th-century Welsh politicians
English MPs 1614
Kossisko Konan (1991/1992–present), known mononymously as Kossisko and formerly known as 100s, is an American singer/rapper and Grammy nominated songwriter from Berkeley, California. In 2012, Kossisko, as rapper 100s, released his debut mixtape Ice Cold Perm. He was signed to Fool's Gold Records in June 2013. Following the release of the single "Ten Freaky Hoes", it was announced that he would be releasing his second mixtape, an EP titled Ivry, which was released on March 7, 2014 via Fool's Gold. It featured a greater g-funk and disco influence than his debut mixtape. He is also well known for his song "Life of a Mack", which appeared on the soundtrack of the video game Grand Theft Auto V. At the start of 2015, he retired the 100s persona and now performs under the name Kossisko (which is his birth name). As Kossisko, he released his first single "This May Be Me" on February 17, 2015. The track was premiered by The Fader. Later that year, Kossisko released his debut EP, Red White N Cruel. In 2016, Kossisko launched a crowdfunding campaign to help fund his work on a short horror film titled '2037.'
Early life
Kossisko was born to a Jewish mother and African father. He was raised in Berkeley, California. At age 16, due to being accused of sexual assault , he was sent by his father to a remote boarding school in Abidjan, inside the Ivory Coast. Kossisko was told that the Africa trip was a vacation, but he was left at the school indefinitely. At the boarding school, he lived in a three-bedroom house with 15 people. He contracted malaria five times. At one point, Kossisko ran away from the boarding school and fled to the local American embassy. Despite his pleas, his parents refused to allow him to return to the U.S., and because he was under the age of 18, he had to remain in the Ivory Coast. After his attempt at escape, he was sent to the small town of Bouaflé where he lived with his uncle. Not long after, he and his uncle's family moved to Yamoussoukro. While in the Ivory Coast, he learned to speak French. Kossisko returned to the United States in late 2010.
Cultural influence
Marvel Comics honored the artistry of Kossisko as 100s by remixing the cover of IVRY as a marketing tool for the comic book studios the latest project.
Musical career
Kossisko wrote his first song in 2008 and recorded for the first time in early 2010. He began to take rapping seriously in 2011 at the age of 19. Following his stay in the Ivory Coast, Kossisko moved back to Berkeley where he began recording his debut mixtape as 100s titled, Ice Cold Perm. On September 5, 2012, 100s released Ice Cold Perm, which was produced largely by Joe Wax. The cover artwork was inspired by the cover of Snoop Dogg's Tha Doggfather, which he called a classic album. On the mixtape he also collaborated with Main Attrakionz and Ryan Hemsworth. Brandon Soderberg of Spin commented on it saying, "This is snarling, no-nonsense pimp-rap, celebrating exploitation and preemptively lashing out at everyone trying to get anything over on 100s, but it finds a way to complicate those regressive, retro sensibilities". On October 18, 2012, the Noisey subsidiary of Vice premiered the music video for "Brick Sell Phone".
In an interview with Vice later that month, Kossisko said his next project would be titled Sex Symbols, which he had already started recording. He described it as different saying, "It's more influenced by R&B. I've got some singers on there. It's going to be more funky, too. What I wanted to do, as best as I could, was have a fusion between [19]90s mack-rap and late [19]80s pop and soul. Something like Bobby Brown or Rick James." On January 23, 2013, Ice Cold Perm was released for digital download. In early 2013, he went on the Group Hug Tour with Kreayshawn, then performed five shows at 2013's SXSW.
On June 4, 2013, 100s released the music video for "1999". This was followed by the announcement of his signing to A-Trak's Fool's Gold Records later that week. The following month Complex named him a new rapper to watch out for. His song "Life of a Mack" was featured on the video game Grand Theft Auto V, on the station Radio Los Santos. Off the popularity it gained from appearing in the game, 100s released it on September 17, 2013, as his debut single. Around the same time he was featured in an iPhone 5c commercial. Then from October to December 11, 2013, 100s toured with ASAP Ferg on the Turnt x Burnt concert tour. While on tour he released "Keep a Bitch Broke", a new collaboration with Aston Matthews, Joey Fatts and Da$h. He was named one of the ten West Coast rappers to watch for during 2014 by The BoomBox.
On February 26, 2014, 100s released the song "Ten Freaky Hoes" and revealed that he would be releasing a free EP titled Ivry, replacing the previously announced Sex Symbols. "Ten Freaky Hoes" is a "melodic G-funk jam that adds a dose of Californian psychedelia to his formerly frozen atmospherics." Ivry was subsequently set for a March 2014 release. "Ten Freaky Hoes", is also most notably the song that ended the existence of 100s, with a short letter from the artist placed at the end of the music video saying, "To the 100s fans, I appreciate each and everyone of you but It's now time for me to count my journey. So this is goodbye. -Kossisko". The EP was then released on March 6, 2014, by Fool's Gold, being premiered by The Fader. It was met with positive reviews from music critics including writers for The Fader, The Washington Post, Stereogum and Fact. Writing for Now, Julia Leconte said "It will make you smile till your face hurts as you press repeat for the 16th time, but to steal one of his song titles, 100s isn't "fuckin around." He presents himself with sophistication, and you take him seriously as a legit mack rapper rather than a farcical Snoop Dogg type wearing ridiculous oversize velvet or fur." Nick Catucci of Entertainment Weekly credited him for bring back g-funk.
In a 2016 interview, Kossisko described feeling "reborn" after he retired the 100s character and reinvented himself as Kossisko. He also explained that his work as 100s was partially related to anger towards his mother after the traumatic experience of being sent to Africa.
Discography
as Kossisko
as 100s
Singles
As featured artist
Filmography
Television
References
External links
Website
Kossisko on Twitter
Kossisko on Instagram
Kossisko on YouTube
Kossisko on Facebook
Living people
1993 births
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century American rappers
African-American male rappers
Jewish American musicians
Jewish rappers
Musicians from Berkeley, California
Rappers from the San Francisco Bay Area
West Coast hip hop musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
21st-century American Jews
21st-century African-American men
Măldăeni is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Măldăeni.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The Leccino olive is one of the primary olive cultivars used in the production of Italian olive oil. Across Italy, it is one of the primary olive cultivars found in olive groves. It is believed to have originated in Tuscany, and it is now grown all over the world. Due to its delicate flavor, the olive oil it produces is commonly blended with Frantoio, Coratina, Moraiolo and Pendolino in order to create more flavor.
About the tree
The Leccino tree grows well in cooler climates, but is not as tolerant to heat as Spanish olive cultivars. The tree grows quickly and has a dense canopy. It tends to be highly productive in the right conditions and has a tendency to grow more like a tree than a bush, which is different from most olive trees. Average oil yield is 18-21% of the fruit. It is not self-pollinating and requires the presence of another cultivar, commonly Pendolino, in order to fruit.
Synonyms
Allorino (Leccino Pendulo), Allorino (Leccino Piangente), Grappuda, Prevoce Leccino, Colombina, Leccino LD (Leccino compact), Leccino LD (Leccino dwarf), Leccino 04, Leccino 13, Canneto Leccino (Leccino CLONE ISTEA 30), Leccino Collececco 22, Leccino di Belmonte, Leccino Ecotipo 2, Leccino Moricone, Leccino Pesciatino, Leccio, Lechino, Lucca, Toscano, and Verolana.
History
While it is unclear when the cultivar first appeared, written references can be found near the end of the Middle Ages, and the Leccino is generally one of the older cultivars from Italy. Leccino has made its appearance in other countries over the past 50 years with the growing popularity of olive oil. It is commonly grown in California, Chile and Australia among other olive oil growing regions.
References
Olive cultivars
Matthew Adams (died 1753) was a distinguished writer in Boston, Massachusetts, though a mechanic, or "tradesman," yet had a handsome collection of books and cultivated literature. Benjamin Franklin acknowledges his obligations for access to his library. He was one of the writers of the Essays in the New England Journal. He died poor, but with a reputation more durable than an estate, in 1753.
His son, John Adams
His son, Rev. John Adams, a graduate of 1745, was the minister of Durham, New Hampshire, from 1748 to 1778. By a grant of of land he was induced to remove to the small plantation of Washington or Newfield, county of York, Maine, having only 5 families, in February 1781.
Here he passed the remainder of his life, preaching and practicing medicine in Newfield, Limington, Parsonsfield, and Limerick, until his death, June 4, 1792, aged 60.
He was subject occasionally to a deep depression of feeling; and at other times was borne away by a sudden excitement, which gave animation to his preaching. A letter from Durham to the town of Boston in 1774, with a donation, was written by him.
References
Allen, William. An American Biographical and Historical Dictionary: Containing an Account of the Lives, Characters, and Writings of the Most Eminent Persons in North America From Its First Settlement, and a Summary of the History of the Several Colonies and of the United States. 2nd ed. Boston: Hyde, 1832.
Year of birth missing
1753 deaths
American essayists
American male essayists
People from colonial Boston
Writers from Boston
Ramsey Bethann Carpenter-Bearse (born December 15, 1990) is a registered sex offender and American beauty pageant titleholder, and former teacher. She was named Miss Kentucky 2014 on July 12, 2014. She competed for the title of Miss America 2015, where she won the preliminary talent competition and placed in the Top 12 as a semi-finalist. Her platform issue was multiple sclerosis awareness.
In July 2020, Carpenter-Bearse was sentenced to two years in prison for exchanging explicit photographs with a minor.
Education and music
Carpenter-Bearse is a graduate of the University of Kentucky with a Bachelor of Arts degree in special education with a focus on learning and behavior disorders. An accomplished bluegrass fiddle player, she participated in musical competitions at festivals and other venues while in high school and college. Known as "the girl with the green fiddle", she began playing the instrument at age 15.
Career
Carpenter-Bearse was named Miss Kentucky 2014 on July 12, 2014. She competed for the title of Miss America 2015, where she won the preliminary talent competition and placed in the Top 12 as a semi-finalist. Her platform issue was multiple sclerosis awareness. Diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2010, she has served as a spokeswoman for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.
After her beauty competition career, Carpenter-Bearse began teaching science at Andrew Jackson Middle School in Cross Lanes, West Virginia. On December 7, 2018, Carpenter-Bearse was arrested for allegedly sending topless photos to a 15-year-old boy, a former student of hers in the Kanawha County School District. She was charged with four felony counts of distribution or display of obscene matter to minors. A year later, she pleaded guilty to one felony count of possession of material depicting minors in sexually explicit conduct. In July 2020, she was sentenced to two years imprisonment, ten years supervised release, and registering as a lifetime sex offender.
References
1991 births
Living people
American beauty pageant winners
American bluegrass fiddlers
Bluegrass musicians from Kentucky
Country musicians from Kentucky
Miss America 2015 delegates
Miss America Preliminary Talent winners
Miss Kentucky participants
People from Hartford, Kentucky
People from Owensboro, Kentucky
People with multiple sclerosis
University of Kentucky alumni
Ein Vered (, lit. Rose Spring) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
Ein Vered was established in the southern Sharon in 1930, by South African Jewry on land purchased by the Jewish National Fund, and named after 'Ayun el Werdat, the wells serving the area. It was originally an intensive farming community. In 1947 it had a population of 450.
Citrus groves, field crops, beehives and flowers were the principal branches of agriculture.
References
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1930
Jewish villages in Mandatory Palestine
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1930 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
South African-Jewish culture in Israel
Elections to the Legislative Assembly of the Indian state of Travancore-Cochin were held on 15 February 1954. 265 candidates competed for the 106 constituencies in the Assembly. There were 11 two-member constituencies and 95 single-member constituencies. Out of these, one single member and one two-member constituency was reserved for SC. The main contest in the election was between the Indian National Congress (INC) and the United Front of Leftists (UFL). Travancore Tamil Nadu Congress was also significant in some Tamil - significant constituencies.
Results
Summary
!colspan=10|
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9; text-align:center;"
! class="unsortable" |
! Political party !! Flag !! Seats Contested !! Won !! Net Change in seats !! % of Seats
! Votes !! Vote % !! Change in vote %
|- style="background: #90EE90;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Indian National Congress
|
| 115 || 45 || 1 || 38.46 || 17,62,820 || 45.32 || 9.88
|-
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Communist Party of India
|
| 36 || 23 || New || 19.66 || 6,52,613 || 16.78 || New
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Praja Socialist Party
|
| 38 || 19 || New || 16.24 || 6,32,623 || 16.26 || New
|-
|
|
| 16 || 12 || 4 || 10.26 || 2,37,411 || 6.10 || 0.18
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Revolutionary Socialist Party
|
| 12 || 9 || 3 || 7.69 || 212354 || 5.46 || 1.98
|-
|
|
| 47 || 9 || 28 || 7.69 || 3,91,612 || 10.07 || N/A
|- class="unsortable" style="background-color:#E9E9E9"
! colspan = 3|
! style="text-align:center;" |Total seats !! 117 ( 9)!! style="text-align:center;" |Voters !! 52,51,560 !! style="text-align:center;" |Turnout !! colspan = 2|38,89,836 (74.07%)
|}
By constituency
State reorganization and merger
On 1 November 1956, under the States Reorganisation Act, 1956, Kerala was formed by the merger of Travancore-Cochin state with the Malabar district (including Fort Cochin and the Laccadive Islands) of Madras State, Kasaragod taluk of the South Canara district and the Amindive Islands. The southern part of Travancore-Cochin, the five taluks of Agastheeswaram, Thovala, Kalkulam, Vilavahcode and Shencotta, were transferred from Travancore-Cochin to the Madras State. After the reorganization, the assembly constituencies increased from 106 with 117 seats in 1954 to 114 with 126 seats in 1957.
See also
1954 elections in India
Travancore-Cochin
1952 Travancore-Cochin Legislative Assembly election
1952 Madras Legislative Assembly election in Malabar
1957 Kerala Legislative Assembly election
References
Travancore
State Assembly elections in Kerala
Travancore–Cochin
Catherine Margaret Corrigan (born 1972), often known as Cari Corrigan, is an American scientist best known as a curator of the meteorite collection at the Smithsonian Institution. She is a scientist in the Department of Mineral Science at the National Museum of Natural History.
Education
Corrigan obtained a Bachelor of Science in 1995 and a Master of Science in 1998, both in Geology at Michigan State University. Her master's thesis was titled The Composition of Impact Breccias from the Chicxulub Impact Crater, Yucatan Peninsula, Yucatan, Mexico. She later earned a Ph.D in Planetary Science at Case Western Reserve University in 2004 studying carbonate minerals in Martian meteorite Allan Hills 84001 which suggest the sample came from a surface on Mars that underwent multiple distinct exposures to liquid water, rather than long term exposure in a body of water.
Career
Field work
In 2001 and 2004, Corrigan travelled to Antarctica as a member of ANSMET (Antarctic Search for Meteorites) teams. She is a co-author of 35 seasons of U.S. Antarctic meteorites (1976-2010): a pictorial guide to the collection (2014) (OCLC Number: 879851951).
Research and curation
Cari Corrigan was a postdoctoral fellow at National Museum of Natural History and Applied Physics Lab.
In 2004, Corrigan was instrumental in the initial examination and classification of newly discovered Martian meteorite MIL03346, only the seventh known Nakhlite.
In early 2008, Corrigan was hired to classify meteorites and curate the meteorite collection for the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History. As a curator, she is responsible for classifying meteorite samples collected in Antarctica for the Antarctic Meteorite Newsletter.
Other professional work
Corrigan helps process and analyze images from the Mars Exploration Rover project's Opportunity rover.
Corrigan is a member of the science team working with Moon Zoo, a Zooniverse citizen science project. She is interested in linking lunar meteorites to impact craters on the lunar surface.
On behalf of the Meteoritical Society, Corrigan is editor of the society's contributions to Elements magazine.
Honors
The central main-belt asteroid 9924 Corrigan, discovered by American astronomer Schelte Bus at the Australian Siding Spring Observatory in 1981, was named after her on 13 April 2017 ().
References
American curators
American women curators
American women scientists
Case Western Reserve University alumni
Living people
Michigan State University alumni
Smithsonian Institution people
1972 births
21st-century women scientists
Planetary scientists
Women planetary scientists
21st-century American women
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Cacho Island, Snow Island
Calliope Beach, Snow Island
Camp Academia, Livingston Island
Canetti Peak, Livingston Island
Casanovas Peak, Livingston Island
Castellvi Peak, Livingston Island
Castra Martis Hill, Livingston Island
Castro Peak, Livingston Island
Catalunyan Saddle, Livingston Island
Cavarus Point, Oscar II Coast
Chakarov Island, Biscoe Islands
Chakarov Peak, Oscar II Coast
Chapanov Peak, Oscar II Coast
Chargan Ridge, Graham Coast
Charrúa Gap, Livingston Island
Chavdar Peninsula, Graham Land
Chavei Cove, Livingston Island
Chayka Passage, Trinity Island
Chelopech Hill, Trinity Peninsula
Chemish Ridge, Foyn Coast
Chepelare Peak, Livingston Island
Chepino Saddle, Sentinel Range
Chepra Cove, Graham Coast
Cherepish Ridge, Livingston Island
Cherkovna Point, Graham Coast
Chernomen Glacier, Graham Coast
Chernoochene Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Chernopeev Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Chertigrad Point, Loubet Coast
Cherven Peak, Rugged Island
Chichil Point, Clarence Island
Chintulov Ridge, Oscar II Coast
Chipev Nunatak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Chiprovtsi Point, Rugged Island
Chiren Heights, Graham Coast
Chirpan Peak, Livingston Island
Chochoveni Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Chorul Peninsula, Graham Coast
Christoff Cliff, Livingston Island
Chubra Peak, Davis Coast
Chuchuliga Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Chudomir Cove, Trinity Peninsula
Chukovezer Island, Anvers Island
Chumerna Glacier, Brabant Island
Chuprene Glacier, Smith Island
Churicheni Island, Robert Island
Chuypetlovo Knoll, Foyn Coast
Clio Bay, Lavoisier Island
Coburg Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Crates Bay, Graham Coast
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Ypsolopha barberella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona, Nevada and Utah.
The wingspan is 19–24 mm.
The antennae are dark fuscous with a few scattered white scales especially toward the apex. The labial are palpi black, mottled with light ochreous and white scales. The brush on the second joint is well developed but shorter than the terminal joint which is strongly roughened in front. The head and thorax are dark pepper and salt colored. The forewings have a light whitish steel-gray ground color, strongly overlaid with black and dark fuscous scales. The hindwings are shining dark fuscous, nearly black towards the edges. The abdomen is dark purplish fuscous and the legs are nearly black with a strong purple reflection.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
The Loser is the second studio album by the American hardcore punk band Gospel, released on May 13, 2022.
Upon its release, The Loser received positive reviews.
Track listing
Personnel
Personnel per liner notes.
Gospel
Adam Edward Dooling – vocals/guitar
Sean Edward Miller – bass guitar
Vincent Walter Roseboom – drums
Johnathan Andrew Pastir – keyboards/guitar
Production
Kurt Ballou – producer, recording
Magnus Lindeberg – mastering
References
2022 albums
Post-hardcore albums by American artists
Gospel (hardcore punk band)
Goro is a major mining settlement in South Province, New Caledonia. The Goro mine is one of the world's biggest nickel mines.
Climate
Goro has a tropical rainforest climate (Köppen climate classification Af). The average annual temperature in Goro is . The average annual rainfall is with March as the wettest month. The temperatures are the highest on average in February, at around , and lowest in August, at around . The highest temperature ever recorded in Goro was on 1 March 2020; the coldest temperature ever recorded was on 4 September 2017.
References
Populated places in New Caledonia
Mines in New Caledonia
Bernard David Gallagher (July 22, 1925 – October 1, 2003) was a farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Yorkton from 1960 to 1971 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal.
He was born in Yorkton, Saskatchewan, the son of Fergal Gallagher and Alberta O'Toole, both of Irish descent, and was educated in Yorkton. In 1949, he married Dorothy Jean Lang.
References
Saskatchewan Liberal Party MLAs
1925 births
2003 deaths
People from Yorkton
Corryocactus apiciflorus or is a species of columnar cactus found in Peru.
References
External links
apiciflorus
The 2011 Dunlop World Challenge was a professional tennis tournament played on carpet courts. It was the fourth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour and the 2011 ITF Women's Circuit. It took place in Toyota, Japan between 21 and 27 November 2011.
ATP entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of November 14, 2011.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Takeshi Endo
Takuto Niki
Arata Onozawa
Shota Tagawa
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Gao Wan
Lee Jea-moon
Masatoshi Miyazaki
Wang Chieh-fu
WTA entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of November 14, 2011.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Kanae Hisami
Ksenia Lykina
Makoto Ninomiya
Mari Tanaka
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Chan Chin-wei
Yuka Higuchi
Nudnida Luangnam
Ayumi Oka
The following players received entry by a lucky loser spot:
Shuko Aoyama
Champions
Men's singles
Tatsuma Ito def. Sebastian Rieschick, 6–4, 6–2
Women's singles
Tamarine Tanasugarn def. Kimiko Date-Krumm, 6–2, 7–5
Men's doubles
Hiroki Kondo / Yi Chu-huan vs. Gao Peng / Gao Wan, 6–4, 6–1
Women's doubles
Makoto Ninomiya / Riko Sawayanagi def. Caroline Garcia / Michaëlla Krajicek, Walkover
External links
Official Website
Men's ITF Search
Women's ITF Search
ATP official site
Dunlop World Challenge
Dunlop World Challenge
Dunlop World Challenge
Dunlop World Challenge
Dunlop World Challenge
A mechanical network is an abstract interconnection of mechanical elements along the lines of an electrical circuit diagram. Elements include rigid bodies, springs, dampers, transmissions, and actuators.
Network symbols
The symbols from left to right are: stiffness element (e.g. spring), mass (rigid body), mechanical resistance (e.g. damper), force generator, velocity generator. The symbols for generators depend on which mechanical–electrical analogy is being used. The symbols shown relate to the impedance analogy. In the mobility analogy the symbols are reversed, being respectively velocity and force generators.
See also
Multibody system
Machines
Pandemis griveaudi is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Robert Oakley Collins (1933 – 2008) was an American historian of East Africa and Sudan. He published numerous articles and thirty-five books, including Shadows in the Grass: Britain in the Southern Sudan (Yale, 1983), which was awarded the John Ben Snow Foundation prize for the best book in British History and the Social Sciences written by a North American. He worked as an adviser for Southern Sudan's High Executive Council (HEC) Regional Government in the early 1970s, Chevron Overseas Petroleum in 1981-1991, and the US Government. Collins authored many background papers on Sudan and the Middle East aimed at policymakers and, in 1981, he testified before the United States House Committee on Foreign Affairs. In 1980 he was awarded the Order of Sciences, Arts and Art, Gold Class, by Gaafar Nimeiry, the President of Sudan, for his long service to scholarship on the Upper Nile.
Robert O. Collins was Professor of History at the University of California, Santa Barbara, from 1965 to 1994. Among a wider public, he is probably best known for a book co-authored with J. Millard Burr, Alms for Jihad: Charity and Terrorism in the Islamic World (CUP, 2006). In 2007, to avoid a libel suit from the Saudi billionaire Khalid bin Mahfouz, Cambridge University Press agreed to remove Alms for Jihad from circulation in British libraries and to destroy existing copies.
Biography
Early life and education
Robert O. Collins was born in Waukegan, Illinois, in 1933. His father, William George Collins, was a ceramics engineer and worked for Johns Manville. His mother, Louise Van Horsen Jack, was a nurse. Robert's elder brother, Jack Gore Collins (1930-2010), was Assistant Attorney for the United States Department of Justice in Portland, Oregon. His younger brother, George William Collins II (1937-2013), was an astronomer who taught at Ohio State University and, later, Case Western Reserve University.
Robert entered Dartmouth College in 1950, where he developed an interest in African history while browsing in the library there. In 1954, he completed his senior history thesis, Emin Pasha in Equatoria, 1876-1889, and won a Marshall Scholarship for study at Oxford University. In 1955, while a Masters student at Balliol College, Oxford, he obtained a research grant from the Ford Foundation, which enabled him to undertake work on his thesis on the Equatoria Province. He first traveled to Sudan in 1956, arriving a few months after the county's independence, to carry out research in the National Records Office of Sudan. He obtained an MA in History at Oxford University during that year, and entered Yale in 1957. Collins was awarded a PhD in 1959. His dissertation, The Mahdist invasions of the Southern Sudan, 1883-1898 (1959) was based on his MA research and published "virtually unrevised" as The Southern Sudan, 1883-1898. A struggle for control by Yale University Press in 1962.
Academic career
After intervals at Williams College (1959-1965) and Columbia University (1962-1963), Collins moved to the University of California, Santa Barbara where he worked for the remainder of his career as a Professor of History (1965-1994). His colleagues there included C. Warren Hollister, Wilbur Jacobs, and Roderick Nash. He also served as Dean of UCSB's Graduate Division (1970-1980), the Director of the Center for Developing Nations (1968-1969), and the Director of the University of California's Washington Center in Washington, DC. (1992-1994). In 1972, Collins chaired the University of California Library Task Force and wrote the committee's report, which led to the establishment of the Division of Library Automation and the Melvyl system. He retired from the University of California Santa Barbara in 1994. He continued to teach, write, and mentor students after his retirement. Collins was an avid collector of documents, pamphlets, photographs, books, and other materials related to Sudan and East Africa; and, in 1997, he donated his substantial library and primary research materials to Durham University's Sudan Archive. Collin donated his diary relating to his work as a professor and university administrator to the library at the University of California, Santa Barbara. It describes the Isla Vista riots that followed the denial of tenure to Bill Allen, a popular Professor of Anthropology.
Southern Sudan historical retrieval project
Collins made an important contribution to the National Archives of South Sudan by providing an early inventory of district files and filing systems. Following the Addis Ababa Agreement (1972), Enoch Mading de Garang, the Regional Minister of Information, Culture, Youth and Sports in Southern Sudan's High Executive Council (HEC) government, began work on an archive of Southern Sudanese political movements. In 1976, Robert Collins traveled with his wife, Janyce, to southern Sudan, after being invited there by E.M. Garang to compile a report on ways to collect and preserve materials related to Southern Sudan's recent history as part of the Southern Sudan Historical Retrieval Project. Collins consulted scholars and officials, visited the proposed sites for the University of Juba and parliament buildings in Juba, and made an inspection of files in Juba, Yei, Maridi, Rumbek, Gogrial, Aweil, Tonj, Yirol, Wau, and Malakal. Robert and Janyce were forced to remain several weeks in Malakal by an outbreak of Ebola haemorrhagic fever in the Nzara cotton factory, which spread to other parts of southern Sudan. Upon his return to Juba, Collins recommended that E.M. Garang expand the archives to include Southern Sudan's administrative records.
Alms for Jihad controversy
Collins co-authored Alms for Jihad: Charity and Terrorism in the Islamic World (Cambridge University Press (CUP), 2006) with J. Millard Burr, a former State Department Officer who worked as a logistics coordinator for Operation Lifeline Sudan and, later, as a consultant for the U.S. Committee for Refugees (USCR). In 2007, to avoid a libel suit from the Saudi billionaire Khalid bin Mahfouz, Cambridge University Press agreed to remove Alms for Jihad from circulation in British libraries and to destroy existing copies. Khalid bin Mahfouz had threatened the suit on the grounds that the book falsely charged him with channeling money to al-Qaeda. Cambridge University Press sent letters to libraries around the world requesting that they destroy copies of the book or insert an errata sheet, pulped 2,340 copies of Alms for Jihad, issued a public apology to bin Mahfouz on its web site stating that claims against Mahfouz were "defamatory and false", and paid costs and damages. The actions of CUP attracted wide attention, contributing to the book's wide readership.
Many scholars have criticized the book for relying on tenuous evidence and an overly-broad and deeply political definition of "terrorism", which portrayed the entire Islamic charitable sector as a conduit or "golden chain" for terrorist financing.
Reception
Robert O. Collins work has been influential in the study of Sudanese and Middle East history. He was an immensely talented writer, raconteur, and a well-respected figure in the historiography of Sudan and southern Sudan. Contemporary scholars, who have turned their attention to South Sudan's interconnected regional histories, ordinary people, and the political-economic structures within which their lives unfold, often place Collins in the tradition of slightly older historians and authors like A.J. Arkell (1898-1980), Peter Holt (1918-2006) and Alan Moorehead (1910-1983), partly to imply that his approach to history is now a bit old-fashioned.
Collins worked closely with former British colonial officials and civil servants, and was "unabashed in his enthusiasm for the contributions that the British had made to the lives of colonial people." Describing the misconduct of Chevron's British contractors toward southern Sudanese, he wrote, nostalgically: "These are not the Gentlemen from Oxbridge with whom we associate the British."
Private life
Robert ("Bob") Collins owned a yellow Beetle. In 1972, he married Janyce Hutchins (1934-2005), a university administrator and "gifted astrologer." They traveled frequently together in Africa, the Middle East, and Europe.
Bibliography
Collins wrote 35 books, numerous encyclopedia entries, and more than one hundred scholarly articles and book chapters. He also frequently collaborated with other authors, most notably Francis Deng and J. Millard Burr.
Books
Co-Authored and co-edited books
Notes
References
British colonisation in Africa
British Empire
History of Africa
1933 births
2008 deaths
20th-century British historians
Dartmouth College alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Yale University alumni
History of South Sudan
Historians of Africa
Bohdan Levkiv (; 22 February 1950 – 25 November 2021) was a Ukrainian politician. He served as mayor of Ternopil from 2002 to 2006.
Levkiv died on 25 November 2021, at the age of 71.
See also
List of mayors of Ternopil
References
1950 births
2021 deaths
Mayors of places in Ukraine
Politicians from Ternopil
John Duthie (born in Leeds, Yorkshire) is a London-based English television director and creator of the television series called the European Poker Tour.
Film and television
As an assistant director he worked alongside directors such as Charles Sturridge, Lewis Gilbert and Bille August on projects including Longitude, Haunted and The House of the Spirits. Having worked as a second unit director on the TV serial Kavanagh QC, he moved on to become a full-time director on television serials: As If, Clocking Off and Silent Witness, which won an RTS award for Best Editing and a BAFTA Award for Best Drama Serial. He created and executive produced the European Poker Tour series of TV programmes now in its eleventh series.
Poker
He became a well-known figure on the poker circuit when he won the televised Poker A Million 2000 tournament on the Isle of Man, earning £1,000,000 ($1,426,330, at the time of winning) by outlasting a final table that included Tony Bloom and Barny Boatman.
He later made four appearances on the Late Night Poker television series. In one episode he outlasted a field including Surinder Sunar, Julian Gardner and Marcel Lüske to qualify for the Series 6 Grand Final. He eventually won Series 9 of LNP beating Phil Ivey Heads up to win $200,000.
He also had a second-place finish to Mike Sexton in the 2003 European Heads-Up Championships in Paris, France, and also a 2nd-place finish in the PokerStars Spring Championship of Online Poker $25,000 heads up tournament and 2nd Place in the WSOP $10,000 heads up tournament, both in 2009. He came 2nd in WCOOP No 1 on PokerStars in 2015 winning $145,000.
As of 2015, his total live tournament winnings exceeded $3,200,000.
As of Feb 2017 he is president of partypoker LIVE, partypoker.com's new live global poker tour
Personal life
Duthie is married and has two sons. He enjoys watching movies (his favourite film is On the Waterfront), and is very fond of the work of Al Alvarez. He recently revealed in an online interview that he rode bulls in Australia in 1976.
Notes
External links
PokerPages profile
Hendon Mob tournament results
Living people
English poker players
Poker commentators
European Poker Tour
English television directors
People from Leeds
Year of birth missing (living people)
Game players from Yorkshire
Captain Black is a brand of aromatic pipe tobaccos produced in Denmark and sold exclusively in the United States by Lane Limited which is a part of the Scandinavian Tobacco Group. A selection of cigars and cigarillos are also produced under the Captain Black name.
Varieties
Pipe tobacco
Available in 1.5oz pouches and 7oz tins.
White
Gold
Copper (Discontinued)
Royal
Light (Discontinued)
Cherry
Grape (Discontinued)
Round Taste (Discontinued)
Dark
Red Sky (Discontinued)
Midnight Gold (Discontinued)
The Black Sea (Discontinued)
Cigarillos
Available in singles, 3-packs, and 20-packs.
Classic
Dark
Sweet
Grape
Cherry
Switch
Tipped cigars
Available in singles and packs of 5.
Original filter tip
Vanilla filter tip
Cherry filter tip
References
External links
Captain Black Cigars
Image of Packets of Captain Black Pipe Tobacco
Aromatic Tobacco: Little Cigars
Cigar brands
Pipe tobacco brands
Marcus Scaurus may refer to:
Marcus Aemilius Scaurus (consul 115 BC)
Marcus Aemilius Scaurus (praetor 56 BC)
Marcus Aemilius Scaurus (son of Mucia)
Marcus Aurelius Scaurus
Jhansi Division is one of 18 divisions of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India. The city of Jhansi is the administrative center. The division is part of the historic Bundelkhand region, which includes a portion of southern Uttar Pradesh and extends into neighboring Madhya Pradesh state.
Jhansi Division is subdivided into three districts:
Jhansi District
Jalaun District
Lalitpur District
See also
Districts of Uttar Pradesh
Bundelkhand
Divisions of Uttar Pradesh
Jhansi division
The Monastery Immaculate Conception is a monastery in Ferdinand, Indiana. It is home to one of the largest communities of Benedictine women in the United States. It is located approximately fifteen minutes from St. Meinrad Archabbey.
Convent of the Immaculate Conception
Construction on the new monastery, locally known as "the Castle on the Hill", was begun in 1883 on a hill east of Ferdinand known as "Mount Tabor", and completed between 1886 and 1888. The first part of the monastery completed was the quadrangle, the sisters' residence. A large addition was added in 1903.
The monastery chapel was designed by St. Louis architect Viktor Klutho. Construction started in 1915. Work on the interior was not completed until 1924. The chapel's Gothic high altar was surmounted by statues imported from Munich representing the Immaculate Conception, Saint Benedict, and Saint Scholastica. Other large statues represent some of the noted saints of the order.
The pews were hand-carved by German artisans. The Stations of the Cross were carved in Munich, as were the 47 stained glass windows. Eighty-nine angels adorn the church, in stained glass, statues, and carvings.
Conservation
In 1983, the Monastery and other outbuildings and structures were added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Convent Immaculate Conception Historic District. The complex includes the main building constructed in 1883–1887. A major expansion to the complex began in 1915 and includes the Romanesque Revival style convent chapel.
Sisters of St. Benedict of Ferdinand, Indiana
In 1861 Fr. Chrysostom Foffa, OSB, assumed the duties of pastor of St Ferdinand Church. He persuaded the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods to teach in the parish school, but they did not have sufficient German-speaking sisters to meet the needs of the parish. He then approached the St. Walburg Monastery in Covington, Kentucky. Four sisters arrived in August 1867. As the sisters community grew, they also took up teaching in the parish school at Fulda and Saint Meinrad. In 1870, they opened Academy Immaculate Conception, later renamed Marian Heights Academy, a boarding school for girls. (Marian Heights Academy closed in 2000.)
In 1871, the Benedictine Sisters of Ferdinand became an independent congregation.
In 1872, the sisters purchased sixty-four acres of farmland adjoining the convent grounds to provide some necessities. In 1878, four sisters from Ferdinand established a mission at Standing Rock Indian Reservation in South Dakota. The chief occupation of the sisters was teaching; in each parish, they also had charge of the vestry and altar linens. The sisters were engaged in the preparation of church vestments and skilled in silk and gold embroidery. The motherhouse published a monthly newsletter, Die Taube to keep sisters at various missions in touch and informed. Up until the First World War, German was the language commonly spoken at the monastery. Proud of their German heritage, some German phrases are still found in common use there. In 1914 St. Benedict Normal College was founded to train teachers. Eventually sisters taught in more than seventy-five schools in twelve states and five countries. In 1956, St. Benedict admitted laywomen and in 1960, the college began admitting men but ultimately closed in the spring of 1970.
Our Lady of Grace Monastery in Beech Grove, Indiana was founded as a daughter house of Immaculate Conception.
Although the abbey faced declining numbers in the late 20th century, this trend has since reversed. The Benedictine Hospitality Center is located at the Monastery of the Immaculate Conception. In 2016, Benet Hall, on the monastery grounds, was converted into fifteen affordable, senior citizen apartments. The apartment building serves persons 55 and over that meet certain income requirements. The sisters' "Simply Divine Bakery" produces a variety of baked goods according to traditional German recipes; these are sold in the monastery gift shop. There is also a kitchen garden. The academy's former art building was rented to the privately owned St. Benedict's Brew Works which opened in August 2015.
As of 2019, there were 134 members of the congregation. Their apostolates include teaching, serving in parishes, offering retreats, providing health care, counseling, working with immigrant populations, and helping the homeless, the poor, and those recovering from addictions.
References
External links
Convent website
Jasper, Indiana micropolitan area
Benedictine monasteries in the United States
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Romanesque Revival architecture in Indiana
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1887
Churches in Dubois County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Dubois County, Indiana
American Benedictines
German Benedictines
Immaculate Conception
Religious organizations established in 1852
"Love Zone" is the title track from Billy Ocean's 1986 album. In the US, The ballad hit number one on the Billboard R&B chart and was his third single to hit the top spot. "Love Zone" also reached number ten on the Billboard Hot 100 and number five on the Adult Contemporary chart.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Popular Culture
The song was used for the characters of Tina Lord and Cord Roberts on the American soap opera One Life to Live.
References
1986 singles
1986 songs
Billy Ocean songs
Funk songs
Jive Records singles
Lindsay Phillip Butterfield (1869–1948) was a British textile and wallpaper designer. According to the V&A, he was "one of the most successful freelance designers of patterns who worked in the Arts and Crafts style."
He trained at Lambeth School of Art in 1887 to 1888, then briefly studied architecture under his cousin Philip Johnstone, before spending three years at the National Art Training School in South Kensington, London.
His uncle was the London church architect William Butterfield (1814-1900), and his godfather was John Belcher, also an architect.
In 1922, he published Floral forms in historic design for B. T. Batsford Ltd.
In 1930, he was a founder member of the Society of Industrial Designers, now the Chartered Society of Designers.
His work is in the permanent collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum, London.
References
1869 births
1948 deaths
British textile designers
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
SMS Camäleon was the lead ship of the of steam-powered gunboats of the Prussian Navy (later the Imperial German Navy) that was launched in 1860. A small vessel, armed with only three light guns, Camäleon saw little active use. She served during the Second Schleswig War of 1864 and the Franco-Prussian War of 1870–1871, but saw no action in either conflict. Her peacetime career was limited to survey work in 1865 and limited tender duties in and around Kiel in 1867–1868. In poor condition by 1872, she was stricken from the naval register and used as a storage hulk in Kiel. She was broken up for scrap some time after 1878.
Design
Camäleon was long, with a beam of and a draft of . She displaced at full load. The ship's crew consisted of 4 officers and 67 enlisted men. She was powered by a single marine steam engine that drove one 3-bladed screw propeller, with steam provided by two coal-fired trunk boilers, which gave her a top speed of at . As built, she was equipped with a three-masted schooner rig. The ship was armed with a battery of one rifled 24-pounder muzzle-loading gun and two rifled 12-pounder muzzle-loading guns.
Service history
The keel for Camäleon was laid down in September 1859 at the Königliche Werft (Royal Shiypard) in Danzig, and she was officially named on 18 October. The ship was launched on 4 August 1860, the first member of her class. Since the initial sea trials that were conducted by the shipyard proved to be unsatisfactory, commissioning of the ship was delayed from the originally scheduled date of 23 June 1861 to 6 August. After entering service, she joined her sister ship and the Jäger-class gunboats , , , and for a visit to Skagen in Denmark and the free imperial cities of Hamburg and Bremen. The tour was commanded by Korvettenkapitän (Corvette Captain) Hans Kuhn, who flew his flag in Camäleon. After the stop in Skagen, the corvette and the schooner Hela joined the flotilla of gunboats. While on their way back to Prussia in September, they stopped in Lübeck. After arriving back in Danzig, Camäleon was decommissioned. The ship had not been able to reach her designed speed on the cruise, so AG Vulcan had to make modifications to the engine at its own expense.
Camäleon remained laid up until the outbreak of the Second Schleswig War in February 1864, when she was mobilized into the coastal defense flotilla. She saw no action during the war, and in April was transferred to the Reserve Division, along with her sisters Comet, , and . In August and September, Camäleon and much of the Prussian fleet visited the Baltic Sea ports of the conquered territories of Schleswig and Holstein; at the end of September, she began a survey of the Holstein coast that lasted into October. Camäleon was employed in the area of Hörup Haff and Alsen. At the end of March 1865, the Reserve Division was dissolved. Camäleon was sent to assist the corvette , which had run aground in the Fehmarn Belt, but Camäleon herself ran aground off Friedrichsort while en route. After being pulled free, she was transferred to the Jade Bay to conduct survey work with Comet and the aviso . In September, Camäleon was assigned to the gunnery school along with the old frigate . Camäleon served in the gunnery school briefly, before being decommissioned at Dänholm on 1 December. At some point in 1865, the boat's 24-pounder was replaced with a rifled 68-pounder gun.
The ship remained out of service during the Austro-Prussian War of 1866, and next saw active duty in 1867, when she was recommissioned on 12 March for service as a tender in Kiel. On 15 October, she retrieved the main anchor from the corvette , which had been lost during an emergency anchoring. Camäleon remained in Kiel through 1868. During this period, she towed the steamer and carried a 75-pounder gun to the coastal fortification on Friedrichsort on 30 March. On 16 April and 25 May, Prince Adalbert of Prussia came aboard to visit the ship. She carried Prince Friedrich Karl of Prussia to Sonderburg on 15–16 June. A boiler explosion that destroyed one of her boilers forced her decommissioning on 26 August for repairs. She remained laid up until the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian War in July 1870. She was stationed as a guard ship off Friedrichsort for the duration of the conflict. On 1 April 1871, with the war all but over, Camäleon was decommissioned again. She was stricken from the naval register on 19 March 1872, owing to her poor condition. The ship was used as a harbor vessel in Kiel, and later converted into a coal storage hulk. While in Kiel, parts of the ship were removed for use in the reconstruction of her sister Cyclop. Camäleon was broken up for scrap some time after 1878, but the exact date is not known.
Notes
References
1860 ships
Camäleon-class gunboats
Ships built in Danzig
Sidney "Sid" Devereux Little OBE ( – 27 July 2017) was an English rugby union and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s. He played representative level rugby union (RU) for Cumberland, and at club level for Harlequin F.C., as a prop, i.e. number 1 or 3, and representative level rugby league (RL) for Great Britain and Cumberland, and at club level for Oldham, as a , or , ie number 8 or10, or, 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums. Little is an Oldham Hall Of Fame Inductee.
Background
Little was born in Kirkbride, Cumberland, and grew up in the nearby village Burgh by Sands.
Playing career
Oldham
About Little's time, there was Oldham's 2-12 defeat by Barrow in the 1954 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1954–55 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 23 October 1954, the 10-3 victory over St. Helens in the 1956 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1956–57 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 20 October 1956, and the 12-2 victory over St. Helens in the 1958 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1958–59 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 25 October 1958, he played right-, i.e. number 12, in Oldham's 13-8 victory over Wigan in the 1957 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1957–58 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 19 October 1957.
Little retired towards the end of the 1958–59 season. In 2005, Little was among the nine players inducted into Oldham's Hall of Fame.
Representative career
In rugby union, Little won caps for Cumberland (RU) while at Harlequin F.C.
In rugby league, Little won 10 caps for Great Britain while at Oldham between 1956 and 1958. He made his début against Australia on 15 December 1956, scoring one try in a 19–0 victory over the Kangaroos. He played in all three matches for Great Britain at the 1957 Rugby League World Cup. He also won caps at county level for Cumberland.
Military career
Little joined the RAF in 1970, and was appointed an OBE for services to the Air Training Corps in the 1982 New Year Honours list.
References
External links
!Great Britain Statistics at englandrl.co.uk (statistics currently missing due to not having appeared for both Great Britain, and England)
(archived by web.archive.org) Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
Photograph "Another Championship Final at Odsal - Denis Ayres of Oldham goes over in this Championship Final of 1957. Oldham won the game, beating Hull 15-14. - Date: 01/01/1957" at rlhp.co.uk
1930 births
2017 deaths
Cumberland rugby league team players
English rugby league players
English rugby union players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Harlequin F.C. players
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Oldham R.L.F.C. players
People from Burgh by Sands
Rugby league players from Wigton
Rugby league props
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby union players from Wigton
Rugby union props
Clan Gregor or Clan MacGregor () is a Highland Scottish clan that claims an origin in the early 800s. The clan's most famous member is Rob Roy MacGregor of the late 17th and early 18th centuries. The Clan is also known to have been among the first families of Scotland to begin playing the bagpipes in the early 17th century.
History
Origins of the clan
The Clan Gregor held lands in Glen Orchy, Glenlochy and Glenstrae. According to Iain Moncreiffe the MacGregors were descended from an ancient Celtic royal family, through the Abbots of Glendochart. This is alluded to in the clan's motto: "Royal is my race". There is also a tradition that Gregor was the brother of Kenneth MacAlpin. Though there is little evidence to support this tradition, it is supported by the Scottish historian, William Skene. It is possible that the eponymous Gregor from whom the family derives may have been Griogair, son of Dungal, who was allegedly co-ruler of Alba.
Most modern historians agree that the first chief of Clan Gregor was Gregor of the golden bridles. His son was Iain Camm One eye, who succeeded as the second chief sometime before 1390.
The barony of Loch Awe which included much of the MacGregor lands was granted to the chief of Clan Campbell by Robert the Bruce. The Campbells had already built Kilchurn Castle which controlled the gateway to the western Highlands and they harried the MacGregors who were forced to retire deeper into their lands until they were restricted to Glenstrae.
16th century and clan conflicts
Iain of Glenstrae died in 1519 with no direct heirs. He was the second of his house to be called the Black. The succession of Eian was supported by the Campbells, and he married a daughter of Sir Colin Campbell of Glenorchy. In 1547 Eian's son, Alistair, fought against the English at the Battle of Pinkie Cleugh but died shortly after.
Colin Campbell refused to recognize the claim of Gregor Roy MacGregor to the estates, and for ten years Gregor waged a war against the Campbells. He was an outlaw who raided cattle and sheltered in the high glens. However, in 1570, he was captured and murdered by the Campbells. The chiefship was claimed by his son, Alistair, but he was unable to stem the Campbell's persecution of his kinsmen, who over time became known as the Children of the Mist, a name associated with the MacGregors due to the extent of their losses.
Additionally, John Drummond, of Clan Drummond was the king's forester and was subsequently killed after hanging a number of MacGregors for poaching. The chief took responsibility for the killing and it was condemned by the Privy Council.
17th century, clan conflicts and civil war
In response to the execution of two MacGregor clansmen in the year 1603, Alasdair MacGregor marched into Colquhoun territory with a force of over four hundred men. The chief of Clan Colquhoun, in response, had been granted a royal commission to suppress the MacGregors. Colquhoun assembled a force of five hundred foot and three hundred horse and advanced to Glen Fruin to repel the Highland raiders. MacGregor split his force in two and while the main MacGregor force and the Colquhouns engaged in combat, the second MacGregor force attacked the Colquhouns from the rear. The Colquhouns were driven into the Moss of Auchingaich where their cavalry was useless and over two hundred Colquhouns were killed. At the end of the eighteenth century, in an act of good will, the chiefs of the two clans met and shook hands on the very site of the former slaughter.
In April 1603 James VI of Scotland issued an edict that proclaimed the name of MacGregor as "altogidder abolisheed". This meant that anyone who bore the name must renounce it or suffer death. In 1604, MacGregor and eleven of his chieftains were hanged at Mercat Cross, Edinburgh. As a result, the Clan Gregor was scattered, with many taking other names such as Murray or Grant. They were hunted like animals and flushed out of the heather by bloodhounds.
An Edinburgh burgess, Robert Birrel, who kept a diary of events at the time, described the episode thus,
An Act of the Scottish Parliament from 1617 stated (translated into modern English):
Clan Lamont of Cowal defied this and provided aid and refuge for fleeing MacGregors in their lands in the wake of the persecution. Despite the savage treatment of the MacGregors, they had nevertheless fought for the king during the Scottish Civil War. Two hundred men of the Clan Gregor fought for the Earl of Glencairn in what was known as Glencairn's rising, against the Commonwealth. In recognition of this, Charles II of England repealed the proscription of the name, but William of Orange reimposed it when Charles's brother James VII was deposed.
18th century and Jacobite risings
Rob Roy MacGregor was born in 1671, a younger son of MacGregor of Glengyle. (However, given the circumstances, he had been forced to assume his mother's surname of Campbell). The adventures of Rob Roy MacGregor have been immortalized and romanticized by Sir Walter Scott in his novel Rob Roy. Rob Roy was undoubtedly a thorn in the flesh of the government until he died in 1734. He supported the Jacobite cause in 1715 and after the Battle of Sheriffmuir he set out plundering at will. In one such raid on Dumbarton, the town was put into panic and Dumbarton Castle was forced to open fire with its cannon. He also led Clan Gregor at the Battle of Glen Shiel in 1719. He is buried in Balquhidder churchyard.
During the 1745 uprising, some Clan Gregor fought at the Battle of Prestonpans with the Jacobite army under the Duke of Perth. Some Clan Gregor were among the Jacobite force that was defeated at the Battle of Littleferry in 1746 in Sutherland, and therefore missed the Battle of Culloden that took place the next day and which they would have been too late. After the rising, when the MacGregors were returning home, no-one ventured to interfere with them when they strode across Atholl, with their flying colours they strode passed Finlairg Castle where according to one source the Clan Campbell militia "durst not move more than pussies", and the MacGregors defying in broad daylight the outposts which Lord Campbell of Glenorchy had established in the passes.
Persecution of the MacGregors did not end until 1774, when the laws against them were repealed.
19th century and restored clan
To restore pride in the clan, the chiefs needed to be re-established. Eight hundred and twenty six MacGregors subscribed to a petition declaring General John Murray of Lanrick to be the true chief. Murray was in fact a MacGregor who was descended from Duncan MacGregor of Ardchoille, who had died in 1552. His son was Sir Evan, who played a part in the visit of George IV to Scotland in 1822, where he and his clansmen were given the tremendous honour of guarding the Honours of Scotland, better known as the Scottish Regalia and the oldest set of crown jewels in the British Isles.
Clan chief
The current chief of Clan Gregor is Sir Malcolm Gregor Charles MacGregor of MacGregor, 7th Bt, of Lanrick and Balquhidder, 24th Chief of Clan Gregor. His Gaelic designation is An t-Ailpeanach, a name which bears testimony to the clan's traditional descent from Siol Alpin.
Clan profile
Crest badge: The crest badge suitable for members of Clan Gregor to wear consists of the chief's heraldic crest and slogan. The chief's crest is: a lion's head erased Proper, crowned with an antique crown Or. The chief's slogan within the crest badge is (), which translates from Scottish Gaelic to "Royal is my race".
Plant badge: The clan badge or plant badge of Clan Gregor is Scots pine.
Signet and seal in Iowa
Descendants of Rob Roy MacGregor settled around McGregor, Iowa, and in 1849, it was reported that the original MacGregor seal and signet was owned by Alex McGregor of Iowa. The Scottish Gaelic clan seal was inscribed, "Triogal Ma Dh'ream/Een dhn bait spair nocht", which was interpreted as "I am of royal descent/Slay and spare not". The signet was a bloodstone from Loch Lomond, and was sketched by William Williams. (The "E'en do but spair nocht" bit is Scots.)
Tartans
Many tartans are associated with the name MacGregor. However, only the following are recognized as "clan tartans" by the current chief of Clan Gregor:
Septs
The following table lists clan names and sept names recognized by the Clan Gregor Society. The society states that people who bear the following surnames, or who descend from a woman with one of the following surnames, is eligible for membership. The prefixes M''', Mc and Mac are considered interchangeable, and other spelling variations are also omitted from this list.
Alpin
Fletcher
Greer
Gregg
Graig
Gregor
Gregorson
Gregory
Gregson
Greig
Grewer
Grier
Grierson
Grigg(s)
Grigor
Gruer
Hubberd
King
Lawrence
MacAdam
Macaldowie || Macara ||Macaree || MacChoiter
McGehee
MacConachie
MacCrowther
MacEan
MacEwin
MacGregor
MacGrigor
MacGrowther
MacGruder
Macilduy
MacLeister
MacLiver
MacNee
MacNeice
MacNeish
MacNie
MacPeter(s)
MacPetrie
Magruder
Malloch
Neish
Patullo/Pittillow
Peter
Petrie
Gragg
The following names are documented aliases of MacGregor from the proscription. Membership is available for individuals who can show evidence of descent or a family tradition of MacGregor connection.
Bain
Beachley
Black
Bowers
Bowie
Coleman
Comrie
Dochart
Dunn
Lakie
Landless
Lawrence
Leckie
Lockie
Mor
Roy
Skinner
White
Whyte
Willox
The following names are traditional aliases of MacGregor with little documented evidence. Membership is available for individuals who can show evidence of descent or a family tradition of MacGregor connection.
Argyl
Arrowsmith
Begland
Brewer
Caird
Callander
Clark
Craigdallie
Crerar
Crowther
Denison
Docherty
Dorward
Dowie
Fisher
Gair
Goodsir
Grayson
Gudger
Guinness
Kirkwood
Leishman
MacAndrew
MacAngus
MacCanish
MacGeach
Macgehee
Macghee
MacGill
MacGrew
Macnocaird
Macnucator
Nelson
Neilson
Nucator
Orr
Paterson
Peat
Peet
Peterson
Shankland
Stringer
Tainsh
Telfer
Telford
Tossach
Walker
Weliver
The following names are other clan names that are known to have been used by the MacGregors. People with the names from this list are properly the domain of other Clan and Family societies, however the MacGregor clan welcomes inquiries from persons bearing these names who can show their descent from a MacGregor who adopted the name as an alias.
Balfour
Buchannan
Campbell
Cunningham
Donald
Dougal
Douglas
Drummond
Erskine
Ferguson
Gordon
Graham
Grant
Hay
Johnson
Johnston
Livingston
MacAlastair
MacDonald
MacDougal
MacEwan
MacFarlane
MacIan
MacInnes
MacLaren
MacNeil
MacNicol
MacPherson
Menzies
Murray
Ramsay
Stewart
Stirling
Williams
Wilson
See also
Clan Gregor Society Pipe Band
Siol Alpin, clans traditionally thought to descend from the brood of Alpin and thus Cináed, the first accepted King of the Scots.
Greig (Russian nobility), Russian noble family of Scottish origin.
Edvard Grieg, Norwegian composer descended from the clan
Greigia, a genus of the botanical family Bromeliaceae named after Samuel Greig in 1864 by Eduard August von Regel (a director of the St Petersburg Botanical Garden) Tulipa greigii'', a species of tulip named by Regel after Samuel Greig due to Greig once being president of the Russian Horticultural Society
Niau, an atoll in French Polynesia, named Greig after Aleksey Greig by Russian admiral Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen in 1820
Notes
References
External links
Clan Gregor Society
American Clan Gregor Society
Gregor
Mozăceni is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Babaroaga, Mozăceni and Zidurile.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The Niš Symphony Orchestra (Serbian: Нишки симфонијски оркестар / Niški simfonijski orkestar) is an orchestra based in the city of Niš, Serbia. It was the first orchestra to be based outside of the capital Belgrade and is therefore highly valued.
External links
Official website
Serbian orchestras
Culture in Niš
Musical groups established in 1953
Zaruiyeh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Zārū'īyeh-ye 'Olyā; also known as Zārū'īyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 11 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Zavarak (, also Romanized as Zavārak) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 352, in 97 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Civil Order of Alfonso X the Wise () is a Spanish civil order established in 1939, recognising activities in the fields of education, science, culture, higher education and research.
The order was created on 23 May 1902 by Royal decree as the Order of Alfonso XII. In 1988 the order was reformed and given its current name. The main innovation of the 1988 reform was to discontinue the previous award's practice of distinguishing male and female achievements, thereby eliminating explicit sexual discrimination.
Grades
The Civil order of Alfonso X, the Wise is divided into the following grades:
Collar. Awarded to heads of state or government, heads of high state institutions, and heads of international organizations. This grade is awarded by Royal Decree with the proposal of the Minister of Education, the Order's Grand Chancellor. Holders of the collar are granted the honorific The Most Excellent. It is limited to six recipients.
Grand Cross. Awarded for exceptional and evident degree of achievement in education, science, culture, teaching or research. This grade is awarded by Royal Decree with the proposal of the Minister of Education. Holders of the grand cross are granted the honorific The Most Excellent (Excelentísimo señor o señora). It is limited to 500 recipients.
Commander with Plaque. This grade and the remaining grades are awarded based on the merits of the recipients in their field. Holders of the Commander with star are granted the honorific The Illustrious (Ilustrísimo señor o señora). It is limited to 750 recipients.
Commander.
Cross (formerly Knight's Cross 1939–1988).
Lazo (1955–1988) Knight's Cross suspended from a bow for wear by female recipients.
Medal (1939–1988).
Organizations and other legal entities may be honored with the following:
Corbata. Awarded by royal decree, displayed on the flag of the organization. It is limited to 350 recipients.
Placa de Honor.
Insignia
See also
List of Civil Order of Alfonso X, the Wise recipients
References
External links
Orders, decorations, and medals of Spain
Spanish awards
Awards established in 1902
1902 establishments in Spain
The is an annual half marathon road running competition held in May in Gifu, Japan.
First held in 2011, the race is also called the , named after Naoko Takahashi, the retired local runner who won the marathon at the 2000 Sydney Olympics and broke the marathon world record in 2001, becoming the first woman to complete the distance in under two hours and twenty minutes. The first edition featured top level and popular sections for the half marathon as well as a shorter 3-kilometre fun run. All the funds raised during the event went towards the reconstruction effort following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. Some 9000 people took part in the inaugural event including elite Kenyan runners Martin Mathathi and Catherine Ndereba.
The 2012 edition of the race attracted greater numbers of elite runners, both international and Japanese. Mathathi won for a second time while South Africa's René Kalmer won the women's race. In 2013 the race gained IAAF Bronze Label status and attracted six-time World Half Marathon champion Zersenay Tadese, who set a course record of 60:31 minutes to dethrone Mathathi. Mestawet Tufa knocked three minutes of the women's course record with her run of 70:03 minutes. In 2015 Eunice Kirwa improved the women's course record to 69:37 minutes.
The course for the competition starts and finishes at the Gifu Nagaragawa Stadium. It has a single-looped format and mainly follows the Nagara River in the north and central parts of the city. The first section of the race heads south for 4 km, passing through the Yanagase shopping district, until it reaches the Golden Statue of Oda Nobunaga beside Gifu Station. The course then returns north and, upon reaching the river, takes a 6 km-long route going east alongside the river, passing Mount Kinka and Gifu Castle. The course then crosses Tidori Bridge into the Nagara-Furutsu district and heads back west before finally ending up at the stadium.
The 2020 edition was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Past winners
Key:
See also
Kagawa Marugame Half Marathon
Sapporo Half Marathon
References
External links
Official website in English
Official website
Half marathons
Road running competitions in Japan
Recurring sporting events established in 2011
Sport in Gifu Prefecture
Annual sporting events in Japan
2011 establishments in Japan
A police escort, also known as a law enforcement escort, is a feature offered by most law enforcement agencies to assist in transporting important individuals.
This is done by means of assigning police vehicles, primarily cars or motorcycles, to precede, surround, and/or follow a vehicle, or group of vehicles. Other government departments also provide escort services, such as Secret Service and Military police.
An escort can range widely in size, beginning with a single vehicle. They almost always assist with motorcades for the transportation of senior public officials, such as heads of state or heads of government, or can be hired by celebrities, professional athletes, or for funerals.
A police escort, contrary to popular belief, does not need to be side by side to those being escorted. The purpose of the police escort is to ensure those who are being escorted get to their destination in a safe manner.
Some examples are:
The president from the united states (1)
Police officers on motorcycles escorted Queen Elizabeth II in Berlin during a state visit to Germany, in 2015 (2)
Footnotes
Law enforcement
Escorts Near Main Road
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in New Hampshire, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1788, New Hampshire has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Elections from 1788-89 to 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed. The popular vote was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President. The sole electoral vote against Monroe came from William Plumer, an elector from New Hampshire and former United States senator and New Hampshire governor. Plumer cast his electoral ballot for Secretary of State John Quincy Adams. While some accounts claim incorrectly that this was to ensure that George Washington would remain the only American president unanimously chosen by the Electoral College, that was not Plumer's goal. In fact, Plumer simply thought that Monroe was a mediocre president and that Adams would be a better one. Plumer also refused to vote for Tompkins for Vice President as "grossly intemperate", not having "that weight of character which his office requires," and "because he grossly neglected his duty" in his "only" official role as President of the Senate by being "absent nearly three-fourths of the time"; Plumer instead voted for Richard Rush.
See also
Elections in New Hampshire
Notes
References
The pole vault at the World Championships in Athletics has been contested by men since 1983 and women since 1999.
The championship records for the event are 6.05 for men, set by Dmitri Markov in 2001, and 5.01 m for women, set by Yelena Isinbayeva in 2005.
Age records
All information from IAAF
Medalists
Men
Multiple medalists
Medals by country
Women
Multiple medalists
Medals by country
See also
Pole vault
Pole vaults at the Olympics
References
Bibliography
External links
Official IAAF website
World Championships in Athletics
Events at the World Athletics Championships
Serge Sandberg (1879–1981) was a French film producer. Born in Kaunas, then part of the Russian Empire, he emigrated to France in 1900 and initially found work with Pathe. He later went into production for himself, working for Eclair. In 1921 he and his business partner Louis Nalpas established their own Victorine Studios in Nice. In the 1930s he produced several of the hit comedies directed by and starring Sacha Guitry.
He was also involved in the re-establishment of the Pasdeloup Orchestra after the First World War.
Selected filmography
Mathias Sandorf (1921)
A Foolish Maiden (1929)
Napoleon at Saint Helena (1929)
Confessions of a Cheat (1936)
Let's Make a Dream (1936)
The New Testament (1936)
My Father Was Right (1936)
The Pearls of the Crown (1937)
Désiré (1937)
References
Bibliography
Barton, Ruth. Rex Ingram: Visionary Director of the Silent Screen. University Press of Kentucky, 2014.
External links
1879 births
1981 deaths
French film producers
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to France
Ross Bain (born 25 November 1975) is a Scottish professional golfer.
Bain played college golf in the United States at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, before turning professional in 1998. He spent one unsuccessful season on the Challenge Tour before relocating to Asia. He joined the Asian Tour for 1999, and established himself on tour in 2001, finishing runner-up behind Thongchai Jaidee in the Wills Indian Open.
In 2007, Bain played in his first major at the 2007 Open Championship. He made the cut and finished as low Scot at T45.
In 2011, Bain enjoyed his most successful season to date on the Asian Tour, finishing 38th in the Order of Merit. It was the first time he had finished in the top 60, who automatically regain their cards, since 2001.
Results in major championships
Note: Bain only played in The Open Championship.
"T" = tied
References
External links
Scottish male golfers
North Carolina Tar Heels men's golfers
European Tour golfers
Asian Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Dubai
1975 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sand Creek (Wapishana: Suburun Tao) is a village in the Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo Region of Guyana. Sand Creek is inhabited by Wapishana Amerindians. It is located on the Rupununi River. The main language spoken in the village is Wapishana with English as secondary language.
Overview
The economy of Sand Creek is based on livestock ranching and subsistence farming. The village has a primary and secondary school as well as a health centre.
The village is known for the Sand Creek Rodeo which takes place every Easter Monday. The rodeo started in the 1980s as a pass time for the villagers, but has turned into a professional rodeo attracting visitors from all over the country.
The beaches near the village are used by the yellow-spotted river turtle to lay their eggs. Traditionally both the turtles and eggs were considered a delicacy. The SRDC (South Rupununi District Council) embarked on a wildlife conservation program in Sand Creek. On 11 September 2021, the first turtle festival was held, releasing more than 200 turtles into the wild. The SRDC plans to make the festival an annual event.
In May 2021, the Rupununi River flooded effecting 114 houses and many hectares of farm land.
Transport
Sand Creek is served by the Sand Creek Airport. The village can be accessed by road from Lethem, however a stream has to be forded.
References
External links
Facebook page of Sand Creek
Indigenous villages in Guyana
Populated places in Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo
Graphium leechi is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in China and Vietnam. Very little is known about this species.
Subspecies
G. l. leechi
G. l. yunnana C.L. Lee, 1985
G. l. aprilis (gen. vernalis) Bang-Haas, 1934
References
External links
Butterfly corner Images from Naturhistorisches Museum Vienna
Global Butterfly Information System Images, type details
leechi
Butterflies of Indochina
Butterflies of Asia
Insects of Vietnam
Butterflies described in 1895
Cobar was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales which was named after the town of Cobar. It was first created in 1894 and abolished in 1920. Cobar was recreated in 1930 and abolished in 1968.
History
Prior to 1894 the town of Cobar was part of the district of Bourke which returned three members. Multi-member constituencies were abolished in the 1893 redistribution, resulting in the creation of 76 new districts, including Cobar. Bourke was reduced in size and parts were given to the new districts of Cobar and The Barwon. Cobar also absorbed parts of the abolished districts of The Bogan and Forbes. The electoral district included all of the counties of Canbelego, Robinson and Yanda as well as parts of the surrounding counties of Booroondarra, Cowper, Flinders, Gregory, Oxley, Rankin, Werunda and Woore. Cobar's economy was centered around copper mining, and the district also included Nyngan which was established in 1883 as a stop on the Main Western railway line on its way to Bourke.
At its establishment in 1894 Cobar had 1,646 enrolled voters, slightly less than the average of 2,046. In 1904 the number of enrolled voters nearly doubled as women were given the right to vote while the number of members of the Legislative Assembly was reduced from 125 to 90 as a result of the 1903 New South Wales referendum. Cobar absorbed parts of The Lachlan and parts of the abolished seats of The Barwon, Condoublin and Wilcannia. The combined effect of the changes meant that the number of enrolled voters in Cobar went from 3,501, to 6,488, an increase of 185%. The district was significantly expanded in 1913, absorbing most of The Darling, including the town of Bourke.
Cobar was abolished in 1920, with the introduction of proportional representation, and was absorbed by the expanded district of Sturt, along with Willyama to create a three-member electorate covering most of the Western Division of New South Wales. Proportional representation was abolished in 1927, with Bourke going to the re-created district of Namoi, while Cobar and Nyngan were in the re-created district of Lachlan.
Cobar was re-created in 1930, and comprised part of the districts of Sturt, Lachlan and Namoi, including the towns of Cobar, Bourke, Brewarrina, Byrock, Wilcannia, White Cliffs and part of Broken Hill.
The 1949 redistribution saw Cobar absorb the entire district of Sturt, but lost Bourke and Nyngan to Castlereagh and South Broken Hill and Menindee to the re-constituted Sturt.
Cobar, along with Sturt were abolished as a result of the 1966 redistribution, replaced by the new district of Broken Hill, which included all of the town, and the district extended from the border with Victoria on the Murray River to the Queensland border in the north, including the towns of Wentworth and Wilcannia. The town of Cobar was absorbed by Castlereagh, which moved west, while south western part of the district was absorbed by the district of Temora.
Members for Cobar
Election results
Notes
References
Former electoral districts of New South Wales
Constituencies established in 1894
Constituencies disestablished in 1920
Constituencies established in 1930
Constituencies disestablished in 1968
1894 establishments in Australia
1920 disestablishments in Australia
1930 establishments in Australia
1968 disestablishments in Australia
Dropped may refer to:
Dropped (Consolidated album), 1998
Dropped (Mind Funk album), 1993
Dropped (TV series), a 2015 French reality series
See also
Drop (disambiguation)
David Noble Harpp is a Canadian chemist, science communicator and award-winning university teacher. He holds the Tomlinson Chair in Science Education at McGill University.
Harpp published more than 230 chemistry articles in peer-reviewed publications, his main research interest being organosulfur and selenium molecules. In addition, 20 of his articles on teaching innovation were published. He was appointed as Tomlinson Chair in Science Education in 2013, with the mandate to "advance the understanding and practice of science education".
With Joseph Schwarcz and Ariel Fenster, Harpp is a founding member of the Office for Science and Society.
Harpp experimented throughout his teaching career with various visual media, from photographic slides to 8mm movies. With his colleagues at the Office for Science and Society, he pioneered the McGill COurses ONline initiative. A proponent of massive open online courses, Harpp thinks students can benefit from having access these academic opportunities: "What if the best organic chemistry course, anywhere, was put on by somebody from, say, the University of Illinois, why shouldn't we [assign it at our university]?"
Harpp is also interested in academic integrity. He followed up on his research on the prevalence of cheating by university students by inventing (with others) a computer program that spots cheating in multiple-answer exams. Use of the software, with the introduction of multiple versions of each exam, is credited to practically eliminating this type of cheating at McGill's: "I think 90 per cent of the students who tend to cheat will [look at all the obstacles] and say, 'Nah.'"
Harpp did his Bachelor of Arts at Middlebury College (1959), his Masters at Wesleyan University (1962) and his Ph.D. at the University of North Carolina (1965).
Selected awards
References
Canadian chemists
Canadian skeptics
Living people
Anglophone Quebec people
McGill University faculty
Science communicators
Year of birth missing (living people)
St. Richard's Church is a Gothic Revival former Catholic church located in Columbia Falls, Montana, United States, in the Diocese of Helena.
St. Richard's was the first church in Northwestern Montana upon its completion in 1891. The clay used to make the bricks was sourced from the banks of the nearby Flathead River.
The building served as Columbia Falls' first public school during the weekdays. After World War II the parish outgrew the church and moved to a larger building. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Today the building is privately owned.
See also
Columbia Falls, Montana
National Register of Historic Places in Flathead County
References
Roman Catholic churches in Montana
National Register of Historic Places in Flathead County, Montana
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
1891 establishments in Montana
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1891
Roman Catholic Diocese of Helena
"I Don't Want to See You Again" is a song by Paul McCartney credited to Lennon–McCartney, that was released by Peter and Gordon in 1964 as a single. It failed to chart in the UK, but reached #16 on the Billboard Hot 100.
References
1964 singles
Songs written by Lennon–McCartney
Peter and Gordon songs
Columbia Graphophone Company singles
Capitol Records singles
1964 songs
Song recordings produced by John Burgess
T. bidentata may refer to:
Tanaocheles bidentata, a crab in which the genital openings are on the sternum in females, but on the legs in males
Trapezia bidentata, a guard crab
Turneria bidentata, an ant with a single petiole
Typhlolabia bidentata, a two-pronged bristletail
Silta (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kudalinsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 257 as of 2010.
Geography
Silta is located 18 km east of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Bardakuli River. Salta and Kudali are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Radical 58 or radical snout () meaning "pig snout" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 25 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 50 indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China. Two associated indexing components, and , are affiliated to the principal indexing component .
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5F50
058
050
The cardinal myzomela (Myzomela cardinalis) is a species of bird in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae. It is named for the scarlet color of the male. It is found in American Samoa, New Caledonia, Samoa, Solomon Islands, and Vanuatu, as well as some islands in Micronesia such as Yap. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical mangrove forest. It frequents areas with flowers, such as gardens. This is a small, active bird, measuring about from bill to tail. Males are red and black in coloration, females are grayish-olive, sometimes with a red cap or red head. Its long, curved bill is especially adapted for reaching into flowers for nectar. Cardinal myzomela populations have vanished from the island of Guam since the invasion of the brown tree snake.
References
cardinal myzomela
Birds of Samoa
Birds of American Samoa
Birds of the Solomon Islands
Birds of Vanuatu
Birds of New Caledonia
cardinal myzomela
cardinal myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The University of Health Sciences, Lahore (UHS Lahore) () is a graduate, affiliating public university located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
Overview
University of health sciences, Lahore is an internationally recognized, student centered research university with a mission of improvement of health care delivery to the populace. It regulates and coordinates the activities of medical education, training and research institutions throughout the Punjab. It also conducts Medical and Dental College Admission Test (also known as MDCAT) every year for admission in MBBS and BDS degree programs in public and private medical and dental colleges of the Punjab.
It was placed second in Higher Education Commission (Pakistan)'s national university rankings for 2012 in medical and health sciences universities and eighth in 'Overall Top Ten Higher Education Institutions' category of universities in Pakistan.
Courses offered
The university offers graduate level courses in medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, nursing, allied health sciences and biomedical engineering. Undergraduate level courses in medicine and dentistry are offered in affiliating campuses only. No private university or degree awarding institute (DAI) in the Punjab is allowed to offer the undergraduate degrees in medicine (MBBS) and dentistry (BDS) without affiliation to the University of Health Sciences, Lahore.
Status
University of Health Sciences, Lahore was inaugurated by General Pervaiz Musharraf, former president of Pakistan on October 2, 2002. At this university, worldwide-recognized edges and disciplines are offered similar to that in Europe and United States. Degrees awarded are recognized by the Higher Education Commission (HEC) and accredited by the professional councils such as Pakistan Medical and Dental Council (PMDC), Pakistan Nursing Council (PNC) and Pharmacy Council of Pakistan (PCP). Postgraduate training in medicine and dentistry is affiliated with the College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan (CPSP).
It was awarded “Best Educational Institute in Healthcare” by World Education Congress Asia.
Research
University of Health Sciences, Lahore is a research-intensive university. Its ethos from its beginning has been to produce highly relevant research that solves real health problems and improve people's quality of life.
At present, extensive on-campus research is going on in 183 areas including Asthma, Diabetes, Tuberculosis, Typhoid, Infertility, Environmental Pollution, various types of Cancer, Genetic Disorders, Consanguinity, DNA Analysis, Developmental Abnormalities, Metabolic Syndromes, Hepatitis B and C, Liver and Renal Disorders.
A high-tech resource lab and an experimental research lab (Animal House) have been established for research purposes.
Library
The university library acts as a resource center. Latest editions of medical books are acquired to cater the information needs of students and faculty with access to HEC digital library with more than 23,000 online journals with full text/abstracts and 40,000 online books. A reference service is provided to students especially using MEDLINE and MEDLAR databases.
International collaboration
Within a short time of its formation, university has developed collaboration with several international institutes. Prominent among them are Duke University, University of Texas Houston, University of Pittsburgh, Center of Disease Control (CDC) United States, University of Liverpool, University of Glasgow, University of Nottingham, University of Reims Champagne-Ardenne and University of Münster.
In July 2019, Javed Akram, Vice Chancellor of University of Health Sciences, Lahore signed the 'Kunming Declaration' to become founder member of 'South and Southeast Asian Medical Education and Service Alliance (SSAMESA).
Controversy
In 2017, it came under severe criticism when its entry test MDCAT got leaked. According to Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) report, some of the staff members were involved in the paper leakage and had been doing it for the past several years. Lahore High Court ordered for retake of the test.
See also
King Edward Medical University, Lahore
Fatima Jinnah Medical University, Lahore
Faisalabad Medical University
Rawalpindi Medical University
Nishtar Medical University, Multan
Dow University of Health Sciences, Karachi
List of medical schools in Pakistan
List of universities in Pakistan
References
External links
University of Health Sciences official website
Medical colleges in Punjab, Pakistan
Universities and colleges in Lahore
Public universities and colleges in Punjab, Pakistan
2002 establishments in Pakistan
Educational institutions established in 2002
Where's That Fire? is a 1940 British comedy film, produced by Twentieth Century Fox, directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Will Hay, Moore Marriott and Graham Moffatt. It was the last film Will Hay made with his most famous comic foils, Moore Marriott and Graham Moffatt.
Synopsis
Will Hay plays the incompetent Fire Captain Viking who fails to find a large fire, gets lost in the process and ends up on a newspaper headline as 'The engine that never made it'. Finally upon arriving at the location of the fire (discovering it's been put out) he hears that his local town hall is on fire.
After failing to appear before the town hall burns down, Fire Captain Viking is told to put out a fire successfully or else he and his men face the sack. Viking and his crew, Albert and Harbottle, proceed to London to gain more experience of an efficient fire station, with Albert and Harbottle "knocking-off" several items.
Shortly after embarking on a series of dangerous exploits to improve the efficiency of his fire department including automated turn out equipment and destroying public property with a fireman's pole, Captain Viking accidentally creates a new form of firefighting foam that he wishes to demonstrate in London, the London fire department begins to assess the formula for the foam and intends to get in touch with them shortly after.
Meanwhile a group of criminals having seen Vikings fire engine in the newspaper wish to hire it for what Viking and his crew believe to be a film, Viking initially refuses but promises they can borrow the engine after his foam has been demonstrated in London, (Also after the criminals offer a £30 bribe to him and his crew). The criminals intent then being revealed to be the theft of the Crown jewels from the Tower of London as Vikings engine is almost identical to the Tower fire engine.
Harbottle becomes impatient waiting for his money and decides to start a large fire at a Petrol Station to allow the foam to be demonstrated and for the news to reach London, with Albert reminding them if they fail to put out this fire they will be sacked. After failing to turn out for nearly half-an-hour thanks to Vikings automated turn out equipment they arrive at the fire, after a series of problems with hoses they start spraying the blaze only to discover that their hose is hooked up to a petrol pump, the result being the entire petrol station burning to the ground.
Now facing the sack Viking and his crew enjoy a brief reprieve when the Mayors house catches fire, however upon returning to their fire station they discover their engine and horse are both missing, the engine having been stolen by the criminals and their horse simply following it.
Realizing they will now be sacked they hear that their horse has been found in the London borough of Wapping, whilst packing Viking finds a letter from the London fire brigade wishing him and his crew to demonstrate their firefighting foam in London the next day. Viking and his crew now proceed to London to recover their engine full of foam.
They eventually trace their engine to the Tower of London where the criminals are setting a fake fire to distract the Guards and gain access to the jewel tower. When Viking finds his engine and believes this to be an actual fire he sprays the entire area with his firefighting foam, stopping the criminals in the process. Shortly after this the London fire brigade and Police turn up to deal with the fire and criminals, the criminals complaining that they would have pulled off the heist had it not been for the foam, the fire brigade chief wishes to know who is responsible when Viking, Albert and Harbottle appear wearing the Crown Jewels.
Cast
Will Hay as Captain Viking
Moore Marriott as Jeremiah Harbottle
Graham Moffatt as Albert
Peter Gawthorne as Fire Chief
Eric Clavering as Hank Sullivan
Hugh McDermott as Jim Baker
Charles Hawtrey as Woodley
Dave O'Toole as Postman
Production
The location of the fire station (external shots only) is the former Angel and Crown pub overlooking the village pond, by the junction of Milespit Hill and High St, Mill Hill, London NW7. The pub was demolished in 2015.
Preservation status
Although Where's That Fire? has never been officially released on home video, the British Film Institute has several prints, including a 35mm duplicating positive, in their possession since 1939. The film is copyrighted until 2076, the 2006 death of co-writer Val Guest plus 70 years. However the film is available on YouTube.
In April 2019, a 35 mm print of the film was screened by Warwick Student Cinema in collaboration with the Will Hay Appreciation Society.
See also
List of firefighting films
External links
References
1940 comedy films
1940 films
British comedy films
Films about firefighting
British black-and-white films
Films directed by Marcel Varnel
Films set in London
Films with screenplays by Marriott Edgar
1940s British films
The Joint Navigation Warfare Center (JNWC) is a subordinate center of the United States Space Command's Combined Force Space Component Command. It is responsible for planning and coordinating navigation warfare operations. The JNWC is located at Kirtland Air Force Base.
Mission
The Joint Navigation Warfare Center plans, tasks, integrates, provides C2, and supports integrated Navigation Warfare (NAVWAR) worldwide.
Navigation warfare means the use of the "Air Force Global Positioning System satellite navigation system by the Department of Defense and its allies, and attempts to disrupt the system by adversaries."
Command and control is conducted day-to-day, through reachback capabilities and deployable subject-matter experts, in support of combatant commanders (CCDRs). Assistance is provided via the JNWC NAVWAR support cell, coordination cells, and deployable theater coordination cells. CCDR requests for NAVWAR capabilities are supported by United States Space Command components after deconfliction and prioritization of ongoing missions.
History
Established on 1 October 2004, the Joint Navigation Warfare Center was initially under the office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Networks and Information Integration, but in October 2007 was moved under the Joint Functional Component Command for Space, which evolved into the United States Space Command.
References
Joint military units and formations of the United States
Space units and formations of the United States
Centers of the U.S. Department of Defense
Military units and formations established in 2004
Schenley Park () is a large municipal park located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, between the neighborhoods of Oakland, Greenfield, and Squirrel Hill. It is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district. In 2011, the park was named one of "America's Coolest City Parks" by Travel + Leisure.
The park is made up of donated by Mary Schenley in 1889 and another that the city subsequently purchased from her. Another were acquired at a later date, bringing the park's total size to , and making it the second largest municipal park in Pittsburgh, behind Frick Park.
The park borders the campuses of Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh, and technically Carnegie Mellon University is actually within Schenley Park.
Facilities
Schenley Park features a grand entrance, Schenley Plaza, and several miles of hiking trails and a large pond in Panther Hollow. Across from the Phipps Conservatory is Flagstaff Hill, a popular place to watch outdoor movies in the summer.
In the early days of Schenley Park, the area known as "The Oval" was used for horse racing. Today, it has 13 tennis courts, an all weather running track, and a soccer field. There is also an ice skating rink, public swimming pool, and an 18-hole disc golf course nearby.
Schenley Park also contains the Bob O'Connor Golf Course. The golf course includes an indoor practice facility where golfers can play a "virtual" round on Pebble Beach and other famous courses.
Cross-country running meets are held in the park. It is the home course for the Carnegie Mellon University men's and women's cross-country teams. The 1921 USA Cross Country Championships were held in the park.
Annual events
Since 1983, Schenley Park has been home to a vintage motor sports car race, the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix, that takes place annually in mid-July. Additionally, since 1993, the park has been home to the Komen Pittsburgh Race for the Cure, an annual fundraising event for breast cancer and Mother's Day tradition with more than 35,000 participants. Carnegie Mellon University's annual Spring Carnival contests its Sweepstakes, a buggy race, on Tech Avenue, Schenley Drive, and Frew Street.
History
In 1842, Mary Elizabeth Croghan of Pittsburgh, who was 15 at the time, eloped with 43-year-old Captain Edward Schenley. The couple moved to England. Mary's father attempted to terminate her inheritance in a lawsuit, but was unsuccessful. Mary's maternal grandfather, General James O'Hara, bequeathed to her a parcel of land known as the "Mt. Airy Tract."
Mary's wealth attracted the attention of several land developers in the Pittsburgh area as well as Edward Bigelow, the Director of the Department of Public Works in Pittsburgh. In 1889, Bigelow learned that the agent of a land developer planned to travel to London to attempt to purchase the land from Mary. Bigelow sent an East Liberty lawyer by train to New York City where he then boarded a steamer bound for England. The lawyer beat the real estate agent by two days.
After negotiations with Mary, Bigelow's lawyer entered into an agreement to give of the Mt. Airy Tract to the city of Pittsburgh with an option to purchase more, under the conditions that the park be named after her and never be sold. The city agreed and immediately purchased the additional land.
Bigelow began to develop the newly renamed Schenley Park for recreational uses. He hired William Falconer to lead the Phipps Conservatory & Botanical Gardens which was built in 1893. In 1895, Andrew Carnegie built the Carnegie Museum and Music Hall, establishing Oakland and Schenley Park as a cultural icon.
Forbes Field, the home field of the Pittsburgh Pirates, was adjacent to Schenley Park during its lifespan (1909–1970).
Recent developments
In 2001, after extensive renovations, the Schenley Park Visitor Center opened in one of the park's original buildings. The building had previously served as a tool shed, the home of the Pittsburgh Civic Garden Center, and a nature museum, until closing in the late 1980s.
In spring 2006, the Schenley Plaza area was converted to its original use as a grand entrance to Schenley Park. Although it was originally designed as a grand entrance, it had been used as a parking lot for many years. The new park area features a carousel and several small food stands.
Gallery
See also
Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh
List of Pittsburgh neighborhoods
Panther Hollow Bridge
Phipps Conservatory & Botanical Gardens
Neill Log House
Notes
References
Patricia Lowry (2006). Schenley Plaza Dedication: story by Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. Retrieved June 4, 2006.
Ben Muessig (2006). Sk8er (un)appreciation: story by Pittsburgh Tribune-Review. Retrieved February 17, 2007.
External links
Schenley Park Map
Tour of the Schenley Park's bridges
Carnegie Mellon Tartans
College cross-country courses in the United States
Cross-country running courses in Pennsylvania
Defunct college football venues
Disc golf courses in Pennsylvania
Historic American Buildings Survey in Pennsylvania
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Motorsport venues in Pennsylvania
Parks in Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks
Pittsburgh Panthers football
Urban forests in the United States
Urban public parks
Works Progress Administration in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Pittsburgh
1889 establishments in Pennsylvania
Protected areas established in 1889
A cutlass is a short, broad sabre or slashing sword, with a straight or slightly curved blade sharpened on the cutting edge, and a hilt often featuring a solid cupped or basket-shaped guard. It was a common naval weapon during the early Age of Sail.
Etymology
The word "cutlass" developed from the 17th-century English use of "coutelas", a 16th-century French word for a machete-like mid-length single-edged blade (the modern French for "knife", in general, is "couteau"; in 17th- and 18th-century English the word was often spelled "cuttoe"). The French word "coutelas" may be a convergent development from a Latin root, along with the Italian "coltellaccio" or "cortelazo"; meaning "large knife".
In Italy, the "cortelazo" was a similar short, broad-bladed sabre popular during the 16th century.
The root "coltello", for "knife", derived ultimately from the Latin "cultellus" meaning "smaller knife"; which is the common Latin root for both the Italian and French words.
In the English-speaking Caribbean, the word "cutlass" is also used as a word for machete.<ref>John Klein, "What Is a Machete, Anyway?", "The Atlantic, Oct 21, 2013 (accessed Jan 25 2015)</ref>
History and use
Origin
The cutlass is a 17th-century descendant of the edged short sword exemplified by the medieval falchion.
Woodsmen and soldiers in the 17th and 18th centuries used a similar short and broad backsword called a hanger, or in German a messer, meaning "knife". Often occurring with the full tang (i.e. slab tang) more typical of daggers than swords in Europe, these blades may ultimately derive through the falchion (facon, falcon) from the seax.
In England about 1685 the rather long straight-bladed sword formerly in use began to be superseded by the "hanger". This weapon had a short and more or less curved single-edged blade with a brass hilt of a rather flat double-shell and knuckle-bow. The grip was generally of wood, bound with wire, but some specimens show a brass grip with spiral grooves. These are probably early models. The length of the blade is usually about 24 inches.
History
Although also used on land, the cutlass is best known as the sailor's weapon of choice. A naval side-arm, its popularity was likely because it was not only robust enough to hack through heavy ropes, canvas, and wood, but short enough to use in relatively close quarters, such as during boarding actions, in the rigging, or below decks. Another advantage to the cutlass was its simplicity of use. Employing it effectively required less training than that required to master a rapier or small sword, and it was more effective as a close-combat weapon than a full-sized sword would be on a cramped ship.
Cutlasses are famous for being used by pirates, although there is no reason to believe that Caribbean buccaneers invented them, as has occasionally been claimed. However, the subsequent use of cutlasses by pirates is well documented in contemporary sources, notably by the pirate crews of William Fly, William Kidd, and Stede Bonnet. French historian Alexandre Exquemelin reports the buccaneer François l'Ollonais using a cutlass as early as 1667. Pirates used these weapons for intimidation as much as for combat, often needing no more than to grip their hilts to induce a crew to surrender, or beating captives with the flat of the blade to force their compliance or responsiveness to interrogation.
Owing to its versatility, the cutlass was as often an agricultural implement and tool as it was as a weapon (cf. machete, to which the same comment applies) that was used commonly in rain forest and sugarcane areas, such as the Caribbean and Central America. In their most simplified form they are held to have become the machete of the Caribbean.
Modern history
In 1830, after a constable of the London Metropolitan Police was shot and stabbed while on duty, the Home Secretary ordered that police officers in the force "should be issued with a cutlass for his defence"; training in their use was provided at Wellington Barracks. Initially carried while on night duty, they were soon relegated to being kept in the local inspector's office for use in an emergency. Provincial police forces sometimes deployed cutlasses during public disorder, using the hilts and flat edges of the blades to strike rioters, but there is no record of anyone being killed with one. The last recorded issue of police cutlasses was during the Tottenham Outrage, an armed robbery in 1909.
In 1936 the British Royal Navy announced that from then on cutlasses would be carried only for ceremonial duties and not used in landing parties. The last recorded use of cutlasses by the Royal Navy is often said to be on 16 February 1940 during the boarding action known as the Altmark Incident. However, this is disbelieved by the majority of the HMS Cossack Association (Cossack was the ship that boarded Altmark) and the authors of British Naval Swords and Swordsmanship''. The authors point to another claim, a boarding by HMS Armada in 1952, but disbelieve this one too. In their view, the last use of cutlasses by the Royal Navy was by a shore party in China in 1900. Cutlasses continue to be worn in the Royal Navy by a Chief Petty Officer escorting the White Ensign and by Senior or Leading Ratings in an escort at a court martial.
The cutlass remained an official weapon in United States Navy stores until 1949, though seldom used in training after the early 1930s. The last new model of cutlass adopted by the U.S. Navy was the Model 1917; although cutlasses made during World War II were called the Model 1941, they were only a slightly modified variant of the Model 1917. A United States Marine Corps engineer NCO is reported to have killed an enemy with a Model 1941 cutlass at Inchon during the Korean War. A cutlass is still carried by the recruit designated as the Recruit Chief Petty Officer for each recruit division while at the US Navy Recruit Training Command. In a message released 31 March 2010, the US Navy approved optional wear of a ceremonial cutlass as part of the Chief Petty Officer dress uniform, pending final design approval. That approval came in January 2011, and the cutlass was made available for ceremonial wear by Chief Petty Officers in August of that year.
See also
Elgin pistol
Chinese butterfly sword
Sources and references
References
Single-edged swords
Early Modern European swords
American Civil War weapons
Piracy
18th-century weapons
19th-century weapons
Victorian-era weapons of the United Kingdom
The Philadelphia Force was a women's professional softball team based in Allentown, Pennsylvania. From 2006 to 2009, it played as a member of National Pro Fastpitch (NPF) league until a failed sale in September 2009 put an end to the team on hiatus and ultimately ended its participation in the NPF. Their home games took place at ECTB Stadium at Bicentennial Park.
History
The Philadelphia Force's inaugural season was in 2006. Two years later, the Force played in the National Pro Fastpitch championship, but were defeated by the Chicago Bandits.
One of the most prominent veterans of the Force was Natasha Watley, who also played in international competition with the United States women's national softball team. She joined the team in 2006, but her time with the Force was limited by national team commitments.
The Philadelphia Force's last season was 2009.
References
External links
Philadelphia Force
National Pro Fastpitch
Sports in Philadelphia
Sports in Allentown, Pennsylvania
Defunct softball teams in the United States
Defunct National Pro Fastpitch teams
2006 establishments in Pennsylvania
2009 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Sport clubs established in 2006
Sport clubs disestablished in 2009
Defunct sports teams in Pennsylvania
Philadelphia Force
Women in Pennsylvania
Tor Eckhoff (22 November 1964 – 27 November 2021), also known as Apetor (), was a Norwegian industrial worker and YouTuber known primarily for his videos where he drank vodka while performing daring activities on frozen waters, like ice skating, swimming in ice holes and diving. He died in 2021 after he fell through the ice of a lake west of Kongsberg, Norway, while recording a video. At the time of his death, he lived in Sandefjord where he worked in a paint factory run by the chemicals company Jotun.
His YouTube career lasted from 2006 until his death in 2021, though his channel first started gaining popularity in 2011. His videos, in which he remained mostly silent, were popular worldwide, especially in Poland. The ones he recorded during the winter were his most well-known, though also being controversial in nature due to their perceived dangerdrinking alcohol before swimming near-naked in below-freezing temperaturesbut some also characterised them as artistic for their presentation and content. Despite his success, he did not make a living out of his videos, creating them primarily for his own enjoyment.
Personal life
Tor Eckhoff was born in Kristiansund, Norway, on 22 November 1964, and moved to Sandefjord at the age of 6. He studied history, philosophy, and nordic literature at the University of Bergen, graduating in 1993 with a cand.mag. According to his YouTube page, he worked at a paint factory in Sandefjord, which was run by the chemicals company Jotun. This would remain his long-term place of employment from 2008 until his death in 2021. He had one child with his long-time partner, Tove Skjerven, who he lived with for 30 years.
Eckhoff was highly interested in evolutionary biology, having a great fascination with the close genetic relationship between humans and apes. He had an affinity for the outdoors, often going camping during the summer, along with mountain climbing, especially around Jotunheimen. He was fond of the Volvo 240 and 142 series of cars, owning a 1968 model of the latter. Despite the frequent appearance of winter swimming in his videos, he rarely did it in his spare time, nor did he drink alcohol often outside of his videos.
In June 2013, Eckhoff reported that he had been robbed of his recording and camping equipment after he left them at a quay to moor his boat. He suspected two men piloting a large motorboat of the theft, noting that their boat had run full throttle into the port when he was gone. He reported the incident to the police, though he did not notice the brand of the boat. A few days later, he wrote on Facebook that his belongings had been returned, and that they had been taken unintentionally by someone from Kongsberg.
In November 2018, Eckhoff uploaded a video to YouTube revealing that he had been diagnosed with colorectal cancer in March of that year, and underwent surgery later in June. He clarified in the video that it was not due to lifestyle choices, but from chronic inflammatory bowel disease. After the surgery, he had to use a colostomy bag. He was focused on enjoying the small things in life through his videos, a feeling reinforced by his survival from cancer.
YouTube career
Eckhoff joined YouTube on 10 October 2006 and posted his first video a day later. The moniker he used online, Apetor, consisting of the word ape and his given name Tor, stemmed from his aforementioned interest in the close relationship between humans and apes. He used his channel to document his trips, sharing footage of wildlife and scenic views, both domestically and abroad. At first, his videos were filmed with a compact camera, before upgrading to a higher quality video camera in 2009, when he also started editing his videos in an effort to get more views. He stated that other people were not present during the filming of his videos, despite people being worried for his safety. The software he used to edit his videos was the free Apple-developed application iMovie.
His first breakthrough video, uploaded in 2011, was "On Thin Sea Ice 2", acquiring over one million views in the span of a week. It featured him ice skating, drinking vodka, diving through sea ice, and making seal-like sounds with his mouth. For parts of it he had other people present acting as helpers, but was completely alone when he went under the ice. Despite claims that he had not done extreme sport or winter swimming before the video, he had filmed himself practicing falling through frozen waters safely before. Following the strong positive reactions to the video, he was encouraged to upload more videos like it. He established the business Apetor Film in March 2011 to facilitate the "production of film, video, and television programmes." The follow-up, "On Thin Sea Ice 3", featured him supposedly swimming to a ferry to buy alcohol in the middle of winter. In the fourth "On Thin Ice" video, he continued by cutting a hole in the ice with a chainsaw before dunking his head in it and diving into it, in addition to cutting out an ice doughnut and wearing it around his neck. He would end up uploading a total of thirteen videos in the "On Thin Ice" series, many of which gaining millions of views, with "On Thin Ice 4", for instance, earning 351,000 views in a single day after appearing on the front page of Reddit in 2013, at that point having reached 4 million views in under three years.
The most popular video on his channel was "The First Snow 4", acquiring over 94 million views before his death. Part of the annual "First Snow" videos started in 2014, it featured him submerging himself in a frozen bathtub while drinking vodka. In a similar video, "A day in November", uploaded in 2014 after a year-long break, he also got into an icy bath, earning 610,000 views in 5 days. Another popular series on his channel was the Christmas videos, where he performed various stunts of similar calibre to his "On Thin Ice" series, like skating across ice using a chainsaw. His vodka of choice, Vikingfjord, made frequent appearances on his channel, though he claimed that he had no connection to the brand, and that he had never been in touch with the company that produces it.
He collaborated with of the Norwegian state-sponsored entertainment YouTube channel in late 2019, when they went swimming together in winter conditions. In a 2021 interview, Fredriksen attributed much of Eckhoff's international success to him not speaking often in his content beside making strange noises, and to what Fredriksen deemed to be the absurdist humour present in his videos. Despite this success, Eckhoff remained humble, and did not make a living off his videos, earning a few hundred dollars a month in 2015. He expressed that he only made videos for fun, and that he had not been trying to impart any messages with them. His video production was, by his own words, a continuation of his interest in photography, which he developed in the 1980s.
Reception
Eckhoff's videos were popular internationally, with the largest sections of his viewership being from European countries like Poland and Russia, but also in the United States; in 2016, Eckhoff recounted the story of how two Polish fans arrived at his home in the rural village of Kodal, where they bathed in a bathtub featured on his channel after enquiring about it. He posited that his popularity in Poland in particular was due to their cultural tendencies of vodka-drinking and winter swimming. He became the first Norwegian YouTuber over the age of 50 to acquire one million subscribers, which alongside his subscriber count of 1.2 million by the time of his death, made him one of the most popular YouTubers in Norway. In spite of his international success, only 1.5 percent of his views came from his own country.
Clips of his videos have appeared on major television channels in Norway and internationally, including on the Norwegian news channel TV 2, on the American network G4, and on the American news network CBS, all in 2011, in addition to an appearance on the Australian breakfast show programme Sunrise in 2016. On a 2012 episode of the Norwegian entertainment programme , he talked about several TV stations getting into contact with him, notably the British TV show Rude Tube, alongside several other unspecified American, French and Japanese ones.
Eckhoff has remarked on the ability of his content to affect the global perception of Norway: "[H]ere the tourism industry is, working to bring tourists here, and then I arrive tearing the whole thing down. It's become a bit like "polar bears in the streets" because of it all. Do they really believe all Norwegians do these kinds of things?" Others have corroborated these thoughts, like Kåre Gåsholt of Sandefjords Blad, referring to him as the likely biggest private disseminator of nature in Norway. Tourism in Sandefjord, the town he lived in, experienced a surge due to his channel. In 2018, for example, a group of 16 tourists arrived from Szczecin, Poland, to swim in the waters, with Eckhoff showing up to greet them. Many of the tourists also made recurrent visits to the town.
The unique content featured in Eckhoff's videos has been labelled artistic, with of noting his ability to "strike a nerve that crosses borders" with his videos. He continued that Eckhoff's humour will "live long across the entire world". Writing on his silent, yet humorous demeanor, Rafał Krause of compared him to Mr. Bean, adding further that his dynamic editing, with frequent changes of perspective, was akin to avant-garde cinema. On a similar note, his video "On Thin Sea Ice 2" was featured at the 37th annual Banff Mountain Film Festival in 2013 under the tagline "Slide away with simple pleasures: skating, bathing, and a little vodka!" Out of the 380 films entered, it was one of 28 to be screened at the festival, which took place in 285 locations in 30 countries, for example at the Arlington Theatre in California, and the Queenstown Memorial Centre in Queenstown, New Zealand.
Danger
For all their popularity, his stunts had not been without criticism, with some comparing them to Russian roulette. Analysts on Discovery Channel, for example, stated that his alcohol intake mixed with extreme cold to be deadly, concluding that the reason he was able to resist the cold as well as he could while swimming was due to being intoxicated, after noting the diminishing amount of alcohol left in the bottle between video takes. Eckhoff refuted their comments, stating that they were "inventing facts" about the circumstances. He explained that he had only drunk a few sips, adding that the decreasing alcohol level was due to him filming on separate days with different bottles.
In February 2021, after the production of a video at lake Eikern, Eckhoff described being scolded after clambering out of the lake by someone concerned for his safety. Although frequently acquiring scrapes and cuts in the video process, he disagreed with the sentiments that the stunts he performed were dangerous, saying "Many regard falling through ice as life-threatening, but if you know what you're doing and have ice claws, then it's usually fine." He further added with a smile: "I shouldn't be cocky, I could very well die out here someday." On previous occasions he had mentioned rehearsing falling through ice adequately enough to justify his activities. This was in light of a near-fatal ice-skating accident he experienced in 2007, when he fell through the ice at lake Goksjø at night, after which he became determined to practice "going into the water, and getting back out again".
Other ventures
In May 2020, the video service Memmo, an online platform offering personalised video messages from celebrities, launched its Norwegian branch, with Eckhoff being one of the many taking parts. By December, he had created and sent 263 videos to buyers, with a large portion being birthday and Christmas greetings, for apiece. He noted that he only made around from each video due having to pay income tax on profits, and the platform taking 25%.
In an August 2021 video uploaded to his YouTube channel, Eckhoff revealed that he would partake in the 2022 Harald Zwart film Lange Flate Ballær 3, the sequel to and Lange Flate Ballær 2, with him playing a villain. Later the same month, he was pictured by press at a shooting of the film in Fredrikstad. The following month, he uploaded a teaser for the film to his channel. Premiering in theatres on 1 April 2022, Eckhoff starred among Samantha Fox, Ulrikke Brandstorp, and Harald Rønneberg, among others.
Death
On 26 November 2021, Eckhoff fell through the ice at Jakobs dam, a lake west of Kongsberg, while recording a video for his YouTube channel. After a witness reported hearing him calling for help, he was rescued by divers who performed CPR, before he was flown to Ullevål University Hospital by air ambulance. He died on 27 November at the hospital despite resuscitation attempts. The police reported that a hole had been cut into the ice of the lake, that he was alone at the scene of the accident, and that foul play was not suspected. His identity as the victim of the drowning was not disclosed until 28 November, when police reported on his death in a press release, with his family aware that his death was to be made public. At the time of his death, his channel had 1.2 million subscribers.
His last video, entitled "I am Not Dead, I am 57 Today", was uploaded on 22 November 2021, five days before his death. He had been uploading similar videos since 2017, celebrating his birthday every year. In the comment section of the video, he received an outpouring of support after his death, including comments from the aforementioned 4ETG, and from notable individuals like musicians Alan Walker and PelleK. Similar sentiments of grief were expressed in the comments of his other videos for several days after his death, in addition to various other social media platforms, including Facebook, Reddit, and the Polish Wykop, where internet users conveyed how their holidays would be sad in his absence. Candles were also lit in his memory by fans outside the , Czechia.
His funeral was held at in Sandefjord on 7 December.
Selected videography
Notes
References
1964 births
2021 deaths
Deaths by drowning in Norway
Norwegian YouTubers
People from Kristiansund
People from Sandefjord
University of Bergen alumni
21st-century Norwegian male actors
Male YouTubers
Joan Hohl (June 13, 1935 – June 16, 2017) was an American writer of over 60 romance novels starting in 1980. She signed her novels as Paula Roberts and Amii Lorin. She was a recipient of the RITA Award.
Biography
Joan Hohl was born in the United States, June 13, 1935. She worked at several jobs, some sales clerking, but primarily factory work.
At 40, she began writing, and three years later she published her first novel. She is considered by many in the business a trailblazer in sensuous romance writing, and having been one of the first, if not the first, author to write male point of view in category romance novels.
Joan lived in eastern Pennsylvania, with her husband Marv; they had two daughters, Lori and Amy, and two grandchildren, Erica and Cammeron. She died June 16, 2017 in Pennsylvania.
Awards
Much Needed Holiday: 1986 Rita Awards Best Novel winner
Bibliography
As Paula Roberts
Single novels
Come Home to Love (1980)
As Amii Lorin
Single novels
Morning Rose, Evening Savage (1980)
The Tawny Gold Man (1980)
Game is Played (1981)
Morgan Wade's Woman (1981)
Breeze off the Ocean (1981)
Snowbound Weekend (1982)
Gambler's Love (1982)
While the Fire Rages (1984)
Candleglow (1984)
Power and Seduction (1985)
Night Striker (1986)
Collections
Snowbound Weekend / Gambler's Love (1994)
Breeze Off the Ocean / Morgan Wade's Woman (1994)
Omnibus In Collaboration
Tale of Love / Power and Seduction (1992) (with Lori Copeland)
As Joan Hohl
Thorne's Series
Thorne's Way (1983)
Thorne's Wife (1989)
Single novels
A Taste for Rich Things (1984)
Much Needed Holiday (1985)
The Scent of Lilacs (1985)
Someone Waiting (1985)
Nevada Silver (1986)
Texas Gold (1986)
California Copper (1986)
Falcon's Flight (1987)
Lady Ice (1987)
One Tough Hombre (1987)
Forever Spring (1988)
Moments Harsh, Moments Gentle (1988)
Window on Yesterday (1988)
Silhouette Summer Sizzlers (1988)
Christmas Stranger (1989)
Breeze Off the Ocean (1990)
Convenient Husband (1992)
Silver Thunder (1992)
Lyon's Cub (1992)
Compromises (1995)
Another Spring (1996)
Compromise (1997)
Ever After (1999)
Maybe Tomorrow (1999)
Something Special (2000)
Come Home to Love (2000)
My Own (2000)
Shadow's Kiss (2001)
Irresistible (2002)
More Than Anything (2002)
Simply Wonderful (2003)
Someday Soon (2004)
Cutting Through (2005)
Maverick (2007)
Born in the USA Series Multi-Author
Thorne's Wife (1989)
Windows Series
Window on Today (1989)
Window on Tomorrow (1989)
Branson Brothers Series
The Gentleman Insists (1989)
Handsome Devil (1990)
Men at Work Series Multi-Author
Handsome Devil (1990)
Big, Bad Wolfe Series
Wolfe Waiting (1993)
Wolfe Watching (1994)
Wolfe Wanting (1994)
Wolfe Wedding (1995)
Wolfe Winter (1998)
Big Bad Wolfe: Ready to Wed? (collection) (1999)
Big, Bad Wolfe, At the Altar! (collection) (2000)
Double Wolfe: Wolfe Winter / Wolfe Wonder (2004)
Grainger Series
A Memorable Man (1996)
The Dakota Man (2000)
A Man Apart (2005)
Collections
The Best of Joan Hohl: Tawny Gold Man / Morning Rose, Evening Savage (1989)
The Best of Joan Hohl: While the Fire Rages / The Game Is Played (1989)
Snowbound Weekend / Gambler's Love (1994)
I Do (2001)
Never Say Never (2002)
Omnibus In Collaboration
Christmas Classics (1989) (with Emilie Richards)
A Christmas Collection (1992) (with Stella Cameron, Loretta Chase and Linda Lael Miller) (The Greatest Gift / Falling Stars / Scent of Snow / Footsteps in the Snow)
Love Beyond Time (1994) (with Bobby Hutchinson, Evelyn Rogers and Bobbi Smith)
A Family Christmas (1997) (with Elizabeth Bevarly and Marilyn Pappano)
A Daddy Again (1998) (with Dixie Browning and Dorothy Glenn)
Carried Away (2000) (with Kasey Michaels)
Tempting the Boss (2001) (with Leanne Banks)
Winter Loving (2001) (with Diana Palmer)
Delivered by Christmas (2002) (with Linda Howard and Sandra Steffen) (Bluebird Winter / Gift of Joy / Christmas to Treasure)
Winter Nights (2002) (with Rebecca Brandewyne, Ginna Gray and Ann Major)
Double Exposure / Playing Games / The Gift of Joy (2005) (with Dianne Drake and Vicki Lewis Thompson)
A Man Apart / Hot to the Touch (2006) (with Jennifer Greene)
Men Made in America Vol 6 (with Cheryl St. John, Barbara Bretton, Allison Leigh and Marisa Carroll)
References
External links
Joan Hohl's Webpage in Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
Joan Hohl's Webpage and Amii Lorin's Webpage in Fantastic Fiction's Website
1935 births
2017 deaths
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
American romantic fiction writers
American women novelists
Miroslav Štěpán (5 August 1945 – 23 March 2014) was a Czechoslovak politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia. He was the Secretary of the Municipal Party Committee in Prague and member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia. He was born in Louny.
Štěpán died on 23 March 2014 from cancer in Prague, aged 68.
References
1945 births
2014 deaths
Deaths from cancer in the Czech Republic
Czech communists
Czechoslovak communists
Czechoslovak politicians
The Rakes were an English post-punk band formed in London in 2003. Their first album Capture/Release released in 2005, received a nine out of ten review in the NME and was rated 13th best album of the year in the same paper. The band cited in their influences the Specials, Siouxsie and the Banshees and Pulp.
The band disbanded in October 2009, after six years.
History
The Rakes formed in 2002. Their debut album, Capture/Release, spawned the singles "22 Grand Job", "Work, Work, Work (Pub, Club, Sleep)", and "Retreat". Several of their singles appeared in the Top 40 of the UK Singles Chart and Capture/Release reached No. 32 in the UK Albums Chart. The final single release from Capture/Release, "All Too Human", was released in the UK on 27 February 2006 and reached their best chart position (No. 22).
The Rakes' second album, Ten New Messages, was released by V2 Records on 19 March 2007. This album was produced by Jim Abiss (who has also worked with Arctic Monkeys, Editors and Kasabian) and Brendan Lynch (who has worked with Primal Scream). It was recorded in Mayfair Studios in London during the autumn of 2006.
The band's third album, Klang, was recorded at Karl-Marx-Allee in Berlin in a studio that was the former East German government's centre for radio broadcasts.
The Rakes supported Franz Ferdinand on their You Could Have It So Much Better... tour during the winter of 2005. They toured the UK throughout January and February 2006, supported by White Rose Movement, Duels, Young Knives, Switches and Klaxons. They also completed their first tour of the UK since the release of Ten New Messages, including their biggest headline concert, a sold out show at Brixton Academy.
On 22 October 2009, The Rakes announced that the band was to split with immediate effect: "The Rakes have always been very adamant and proud of the fact that we give 100% to every gig we've ever played. If we can't give it everything then we won't do it. That was the rule we set ourselves from day one". In 2015 lead singer Alan Donohoe told NME "Being in The Rakes was an insane rollercoaster, but singing the same songs for seven years got boring in the end. And if you're doing something just because you can't imagine an alternative then you're not really living."
Drummer Lasse Petersen has since joined Wolf Gang.
Donohoe started a new solo project titled The Champagne Campaign and released the video for single Denis and Margaret in April 2013 before releasing the single for digital download on 13 May. However, the official website and Twitter account for The Champagne Campaign has since been taken down and the future of the project is uncertain. As of September 2015, Donohoe works for a Brighton-based company as a software developer.
Discography
Albums
Capture/Release (2005)
Ten New Messages (2007)
Klang (2009)
EPs
Retreat (2005)
References
External links
The Rakes interview on CC
First listen to The Rakes - 1989
Alan Donohoe interview
PopMatters interview (November 2005)
The Rakes Fuel TV interview
English indie rock groups
Musical groups from London
Post-punk revival music groups
Musical groups established in 2004
Musical groups disestablished in 2009
V2 Records artists
Dim Mak Records artists
Cardiospondylocarpofacial syndrome is a very rare genetic disorder which is characterized by cardiac, digital, osseous anomalies with facial dysmorphisms
Signs and symptoms
The following is a list of the symptoms most commonly exhibited:
Variable vertebral anomalies
Brachydactyly
Conductive hearing loss
High palate
Mitral regurgitation
Mitral valve prolapse
Short stature, nearing dwarfism
Short palms
Carpal bone synostosis
Less common symptoms include:
Failure for permanent teeth to erupt
Teeth misalignment
Horseshoe kidney
Dentition anomalies
Ocular anomalies
Nostril anteversion
Epiphysis in the shape of a cone
Congenital hearing loss
Decresed testes size (males)
Skeletal maturation delay
Feeding difficulties
Freckles
Apple cheeks
Gastroesophageal reflux
Hypertelorism
Joint hypermobility
Long philtrum
Rotated ears
Pseudoepiphyses
High frequency of middle ear infections
Rib synostosis
Scoliosis
Small foot
Strabismus
Tarsal synostosis
Telecanthus
Upslanted parpebral fissures
Broad nasal bridge
Vesicoureteral reflux
Causes
It is caused by autosomal dominant mutations of the MAP3K7 gene in the long arm of chromosome 6.
Epidemiology
Only 12 cases worldwide have been described in medical literature.
References
Genetic diseases and disorders
Moazzam Jah, Walashan Shahzada Nawab Mir Sir Shuja'at ‘Ali Khan Siddiqui Bahadur, KCIE (21 December 1907 – 15 September 1987), was the son of the last Nizam of Hyderabad, Osman Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VII and his first wife Dulhan Pasha Begum.
He first married Princess Niloufer (4 January 1916 – 12 June 1989), one of the last princesses of the Ottoman empire. He later had two other wives, Anwari Begum Saheba and Razia Begum Saheba. In 1947, he was granted the personal style of Highness by the King-Emperor George VI.
He was a poetry enthusiast who had close ties with the poet Najm Afandi after the latter moved from Agra to Hyderabad State. The Prince also wrote poetry under the pen name Shahji.
Jah stayed at the Hill Fort Palace, Hyderabad.
The popular Moazzam Jahi Market of Hyderabad is named after him.
Early life
Jah was born as Mir Shujaat Ali Khan on 2 January 1908. His father was Mir Osman Ali Khan, the last Nizam of Hyderabad State of British India. Jah's mother Dulhan Pasha Begum was the first wife of Osman Ali Khan. Jah had an elder brother Azam Jah.
During his youth, Jah was popularly known as Junior Prince. He received an annual grant from his father, the Nizam.
Poet
Jah composed Urdu poems and ghazals under the pseudonym "Shahji". He set up his own court of poetry in the Hill Fort Palace in which around 30 Urdu poets from as far as Lucknow and Delhi. The poets used to arrive at his court during the evening. A dinner was held at midnight. Jah used to recite the poems composed by himself at the court. After him, the other poets used to recite their own. It continued until the adhan (Islamic call to prayer) of the Fajr prayer.
Personal life
On 12 November 1931, Jah married Niloufer, aged 15, a princess of the Ottoman Empire at Nice in France. On the same day, Jah's elder brother Azam Jah married Niloufer's cousin Durru Shehvar. These weddings were held as "union of two great dynasties" by contemporary records. Niloufer's inability to bear any child strained their marriage. In 1952, after 21 years of marriage, they officially divorced.
In 1948, Jah married for a second time to Razia Begum, after separation from Princess Niloufer. Prince Moazzam Jah has a grandson Himayat Ali Mirza who was also involved in handing over of Nizam's jewels to the Government of India in the 1990s.
Titles
1907-1929: Moazzam Jah, Walashan Shahzada Nawab Mir Shuja'at ‘Ali Khan Bahadur
1929-1945: Colonel Moazzam Jah, Walashan Shahzada Nawab Mir Shuja'at ‘Ali Khan Bahadur
1945-1946: General Moazzam Jah, Walashan Shahzada Nawab Mir Shuja'at ‘Ali Khan Bahadur
1946-1947: General Moazzam Jah, Walashan Shahzada Nawab Mir Sir Shuja'at ‘Ali Khan Bahadur, KCIE
1947-1987: General His Highness Moazzam Jah, Walashan Shahzada Nawab Mir Sir Shuja'at ‘Ali Khan Bahadur, KCIE
Honours
(ribbon bar, as it would look today; incomplete)
King George V Silver Jubilee Medal-1935
King George VI Coronation Medal-1937
Nizam Silver Jubilee Medal (mil.)-1937
Tunis Victory Medal-1942
Hyderabad War Medal-1945
Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire (KCIE)-1946
References
External links
TIME magazine feature
People from Hyderabad State
Indian knights
20th-century Indian royalty
1907 births
1987 deaths
Knights Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire
Asaf Jahi dynasty
Frederick Franklin Schrader (27 October 1857 Hamburg, Germany - 1943) was an American journalist and dramatist.
Biography
He was the son of a United States citizen, and came to the United States with his parents in 1869. He was educated in public schools in Davenport, Iowa, and St. Joseph, Missouri, and received academic training in Hamburg.
Throughout his life, Schrader held the following positions: managing editor of the Denver Republican, 1879–1881; of the St. Joseph Herald, 1882–1884; manager of Tootle's Opera House of St. Joseph, 1884–1886; Pope's Theatre of St. Louis, 1886–1887; secretary of the Board of Trade of St. Joseph, 1887–1891; Washington correspondent of the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, 1891–1894; assistant and acting secretary, Republican Congressional Committee, 1896–1900; author of Republican Text Book, 1898; political writer Washington Post, 1894–1896, and then dramatic editor, 1901–1906; correspondent for the Kansas City Journal after 1896; on the literary staff of David Belasco, 1906–1909; dramatic editor of the New York Globe, 1909–1910; editor of the New York Dramatic Mirror; president of a publishing company, 19 August 1912 to 9 September 1916; co-founder with George S. Viereck of The Fatherland, August 1914; and for some time associate editor and later editor of Issues and Events.
In December 1918, before a Senate committee, Schrader denied ever profiting from, or even being aware of, the $100,000 which Deputy Attorney General Alfred Becker alleged the German government paid to The Fatherland.
Family
On June 6, 1879, he married Anna McNulty. She died on February 16, 1894, and on November 6, 1895, he married Marie R. Bailey.
Works
Plays
At the French Ball (Fanny Rice)
The Man from Texas
Proposal by Proxy
Hawkeye
Checkmate
The Modern Lady Godiva
At the French Ball
Nicolette, comic opera, music by Irenée Bergé, translated into Bohemian and produced in New York, 25 December 1915
Corsica, music drama in one act, music by Irenée Bergé, produced in 1910
He was the lyricist for Baron Trenck, produced in London (1911) and New York City (1912).
Books
Handbook; Political, Statistical and Sociological, for German Americans and All Other Americans Who Have Not Forgotten the History and Traditions of Their Country and Who Believe in the Principles of Washington, Jefferson and Lincoln, (New York, 1916)
1683-1920. The Fourteen Points and What Became of Them; Foreign Propaganda in the Public Schools; Rewriting the History of the United States; the Espionage Act and How it Worked ... (etc. etc.) and a Thousand Other Topics, New York: Concord Publishing Co., 1920.
Prussia and the United States: Frederick the Great's influence on the American Revolution, Hoboken, New Jersey: The Concord Society, 1923.
The Germans in the making of America (with a foreword by Edward F. McSweeney), Stratford Company, 1924; new edition: Dodo Press (March 2007)
The Concordat of 1933 between Holy See and German State (pamphlet), 1933
Translations
Max Nordau, Freie Liebe (Paris Sketches)
Otto Ruppius, José, a novel
References
1857 births
1943 deaths
American dramatists and playwrights
American translators
American male journalists
German emigrants to the United States
St. Louis Globe-Democrat people
American male dramatists and playwrights
Japan competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016. The country qualified athletes in cycling, goalball, judo, sailing, and wheelchair basketball.
While the first-ever (and only) failure to score Gold in Summer Paralympics was disappointing, resulting in a 64th rank, the number of total medals ranked 17th. Despite this, Tokyo will be the host city of the 2020 Summer Paralympics, a Japanese segment was performed during the closing ceremony.
Support
In September 2015, a representative from the country attended the Rio 2016 Paralympic Games Chef de Mission seminar as part of the country's preparation efforts for the 2016 Games.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Japan qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Equestrian
Through the Para Equestrian Individual Ranking List Allocation method, the country earned a pair of slots at the Rio Games for their two highest ranked equestrian competitors. These slots were irrespective of class ranking.
Goalball
The Japan women's national goalball team qualified for the Rio Games after finishing first at the 2015 IBSA Goalball Asian-Pacific Championships. Japan's women enter the tournament ranked 3rd in the world.
Judo
In total judoka representing Japan won one silver medal and three bronze medals.
Sailing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top seven finish at the 2015 Combined World Championships in a medal event where the country had nor already qualified through via the 2014 IFDS Sailing World Championships. Japan qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the Sonar event with a sixteenth-place finish overall and the seventh country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships. The boat was crewed by Shin'ya Yamamoto (sailor), Junichi Ohnuma and Koji Ishii.
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting at the Rio Games took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl. Shooters earned spots for their NPC. Japan earned a qualifying spot at this event in the R5 – 10m Air Rifle Mixed Prone SH2 event as a result of the performance Akiko Sega. It was the only qualification spot Japan earned at the event.
Swimming
The top two finishers in each Rio medal event at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships earned a qualifying spot for their country for Rio. Yasuhiro Tanaka earned Japan a spot after winning silver in the Men's 100m Breaststroke SB14.
Wheelchair basketball
The Japan men's national wheelchair basketball team has qualified for the 2016 Rio Paralympics.
Wheelchair rugby
Japan entered the tournament ranked number three in the world.
Preliminary round
Semifinals
Bronze Medal Match
Wheelchair tennis
Shingo Kunieda is expected to represent Japan in wheelchair tennis. He would go to Rio as the defending 2008 and 2012 Paralympic gold medalist. Shingo Kunieda, Takuya Miki, Satoshi Saida, Takashi Sanada all qualified in the men's singles event via the standard qualification route. Japan qualified three players in the women's singles event. Kanako Domori, Yui Kamiji and Miho Nijo all qualified via the standard qualification route.
See also
Japan at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Japanese sport
This is a list of episodes of the Chinese variety show Running Man China special episodes. The show airs on ZRTG: Zhejiang Television.
Episodes
Special Episodes
Notes
References
Running Man China
The Rural Municipality of Enniskillen No. 3 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 1 and Division No. 1. Located in the southeast portion of the province, it is adjacent to the United States border, neighbouring Burke County and Renville County both in North Dakota.
History
The RM of Enniskillen No. 3 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 13, 1909. Sam McKnight came to the area from Durham County, Ontario, and served as chairman of the organizing committee for the RM. He seemed to have had his heart set on a northern Irish name, since his committee proposed Enniskillen, Derry, Antrim, Boyne, Alma, Fermanagh and Waterloo. The government selected the first name on the list which honours Enniskillen (inis Ceithleann, "Ceithle's island"), the country town of Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Towns
Oxbow
Villages
Glen Ewen
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Localities
Boscurvis
Elcott
Northgate
Openshaw
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Enniskillen No. 3 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Enniskillen No. 3 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Government
The RM of Enniskillen No. 3 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Tuesday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Trevor Walls while its administrator is Pamela Bartlett. The RM's office is located in Oxbow.
See also
List of rural municipalities in Saskatchewan
References
E
Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
Summer Spectacular in Shiodome was the first Summer Spectacular professional wrestling event produced by Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW). The event took place on August 4, 1990, in the Shiodome in Tokyo, Japan. It was aired as a television special on Samurai! TV. The event was a counterpart to World Wrestling Federation's SummerSlam event in August.
Seven matches were contested at the event. In the main event, Atsushi Onita successfully defended the WWA World Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship against Tarzan Goto in the first-ever no ropes exploding barbed wire deathmatch. Other predominant matches on the card featured the team of Katsuji Ueda, Mr. Pogo and Ricky Fuji defeating Kim Hyun Han, Lee Gak Soo and Sambo Asako, and Noriyo Toyoda defeating her former Outbreakers partner Megumi Kudo in a street fight.
Background
Atsushi Onita was the top star of FMW since the promotion came to existence in 1989 and Tarzan Goto was his right-hand man and frequent ally. Goto grew irate at Onita as he felt that Onita was toning down professional wrestling by teaming with karate fighter Lee Gak-soo against Sambo Asako and Mitsuteru Tokuda on June 2. Goto responded by bringing in Mr. Pogo to FMW on the same show during his match against Ricky Fuji, which angered Onita. Onita and Goto began feuding with each other, resulting in Goto turning heel, setting up a match between Onita and Goto for Onita's WWA World Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship at Summer Spectacular. Their first match against each other was an empty arena match, which took place on June 24, which Onita won. The popularity of street fights and barbed wire deathmatches led Onita to introduce a new speciality in his title match with Goto, which was adding explosives in the barbed wire, in which if a wrestler was sent into the wire then explosions would be set off to spark crowd interest.
Megumi Kudo, Noriyo Toyoda and Reuben Amada were trainees of the 1986 badge of All Japan Women's Pro-Wrestling and worked for the promotion for a few while before leaving it in 1988. The three were brought into FMW by Atsushi Onita in 1990 as they debuted in FMW on March 8, 1990, as a villainous team called The Outbreakers. They attacked Miwa Sato and Yuki Morimatsu before their match and Kudo and Toyoda delivered a spike piledriver to Sato to make an impact. They declared war on FMW's women's division and continued their impact until Kudo began showing signs of a transition as a fan favorite on May 19 after not joining Amada and Toyoda in cutting Morimatsu's hair after Kudo and Amada had defeated Sato and Morimatsu in a hair vs. hair match. This created dissension within Outbreakers. On July 16, Kudo and Toyoda lost a match to Sato and Morimatsu and Kudo once again refused to join Amada and Toyoda in double-teaming Sato and Morimatsu, which led to Toyoda and Amada attacking Kudo and kicking her out of Outbreakers to complete her face turn.
Event
Preliminary matches
Ryo Miyake defeated Akihito Ichihara in the first match.
Yuki Morimatsu defeated Kumiko Matsuda in the first joshi match of the event.
Mascarita Sagrada and Ultraman defeated Pirata Morgan and Yukihide Ueno when Ultraman performed a Frankensteiner on Morgan.
Magnificent Mimi defended her All Europe Women's Championship against Miwa Sato. Mimi performed a diving bodypress on Sato to retain the title.
The former Outbreakers teammates Megumi Kudo and Noriyo Toyoda competed against each other in a street fight. They brawled with each other at the ringside area and Kudo managed to make Toyoda bleed but Toyoda overpowered her opponent and performed a Thunder Fire Powerbomb on Kudo to win the match.
A six-man tag team match was next, in which the team of Kim Hyun Han, Lee Gak Soo and Sambo Asako took on Katsuji Ueda, Mr. Pogo and Ricky Fuji. Ueda performed a right punch to Han to knock him out for the win.
Main event match
Atsushi Onita defended his WWA World Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship against Tarzan Goto in the main event of Summer Spectacular, the first-ever no ropes exploding barbed wire deathmatch, in which electricity was put into the barbed wire and an explosion would be set off every time a wrestler would be sent into the barbed wire. After a back and forth match, Onita performed a Thunder Fire Powerbomb to knock out Goto and retain the title.
Aftermath
Noriyo Toyoda received a major push after her street fight win over Megumi Kudo and Atsushi Onita repackaged her as "Combat Toyoda" due to her willingness to take pain in street fights. Toyoda was pushed as the company's top female and defeated Beastie the Road Warrior for the first WWA World Women's Championship at the 1st Anniversary Show. Megumi Kudo would move on to feud with the other Outbreakers member Reuben Amada, whom she defeated at the 1st Anniversary Show.
Atsushi Onita and Tarzan Goto made peace after Summer Spectacular and Goto turned face. Ricky Fuji followed suit and they became united to feud with Mr. Pogo, who replaced Goto as the top villain. Onita defeated Pogo in a street fight on August 25, which was the first singles encounter between the duo. At 1st Anniversary Show, Onita defeated Pogo in a Texas Deathmatch to retain the WWA World Brass Knuckles Heavyweight Championship.
Results
See also
1990 in professional wrestling
References
1990 in professional wrestling
1990
Events in Tokyo
1990 in Tokyo
August 1990 events in Asia
Professional wrestling in Tokyo
Wesley Uniting Church is a heritage-listed Uniting church at Cobalt Street, Broken Hill, City of Broken Hill, New South Wales, Australia. It was designed by Frederick William Dancker and built from 1885 to 1888 by Messrs. Walter and Morris. It is also known as Wesley Uniting Church and Hall Group, Wesleyan Uniting Church Group, Wesley Church and Wesley Hall. The property is owned by the Uniting Church in Australia. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 23 April 2010 and on the (now defunct) Australian Register of the National Estate.
History
Wiljakali (Wilyagali) land
There were some fifteen groups of Aboriginal people traditionally living in the huge area bisected by the Darling River in the western plains of NSW. The principal group around Broken Hill was the Wiljakali. Their occupation of the area is thought to have been intermittent due to the scarcity of water. The same scarcity of water made the area unattractive for European occupiers and traditional Aboriginal ways of life continued longer there than in many other parts of NSW, into the 1870s. As Aboriginal people were increasingly deprived of the full range of their traditional options, they were obliged to come into stations or missions in times of drought to avoid starvation. By the 1880s many Aboriginal people were working on stations or within the mining industry. Some people ended up living in reservations created under the Aborigines' Protection Act of 1909. The influenza epidemic of 1919 had a further significant impact upon the indigenous population, as did the twentieth century federal government policy of removing Aboriginal children from their families.
Mining history in Broken Hill
The term Broken Hill was first used by the early British explorer Charles Sturt in his diaries during his search for an inland sea in 1844. Western plains towns far away from the major rivers, such as Broken Hill, owe their existence to the mineral discoveries made in the decade after 1875, when spectacular deposits of gold, silver, copper and opal were found. The township of Broken Hill was developed in the "Broken Hill Paddock" which was part of Mount Gipps Station. George McCulloch, the station manager employed many men; it was in 1883 that three of his workers pegged the first mineral lease on his property, they were Charles Rasp, David James and James Poole. The Syndicate of Seven was formed, and consisted of: George McCulloch, Charles Rasp, David James, James Poole, George Urquhart and George Lind. These men pegged out the remaining six mineral leases which are now known as the Line of Lode. It was the seventh member of the Syndicate, Philip Charley, who found the first amount of silver in 1885. A township was soon surveyed and Broken Hill was initially known as a shanty town with an entire suburb named "Canvas Town" for its temporary buildings.
This syndicate floated a company in 1883, the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, or BHP as it is known today and a township was soon surveyed. Broken Hill was initially a shanty town with an entire suburb named "Canvas Town" for its temporary buildings. The streets in the centre of the town were named after minerals, Argent (i.e. Silver) and Chloride being important cross streets. The living and working conditions of the miners were harsh, largely due to the climatic extremes of the outback. Photographs of the township of Broken Hill and the mining activities were exhibited in London at the 1908 Franco-British exhibition.
Wesleyan Church and Hall
The Church was designed by architect Frederick William Dancker of Adelaide and it has the capacity to accommodate 880 people. The building contractors were Walter & Morris of Adelaide and Broken Hill. The Foundation stone was laid for the Wesleyan Church on the corner of Sulphide and Cobalt Streets, Broken Hill on 31 July 1888. Those involved in the laying ceremony were Mrs Charles Drew, who laid the foundations stone, Rev. S. Rossiter and Rev. A. S. J. Fry. Mr Hebbard, secretary to the trustees, placed a glass jar with documents pertaining to the building underneath the foundation stone.
A little more than four months later, on 9 December 1888, the Rev. James Haslam, Chairman of the South Australian Methodist Conference, officially opened the church. The building measuring had a ceiling height of and a spire high. The original design had provision for a gallery, however, the seating capacity at the time of building was already 600 people. In October 1889 the large stone lecture hall behind the Wesleyan Church was officially opened. The total cost of the church and hall was A£6,000, including the buildings, church furnishings and vestments.
The first Willyama High School commenced instruction in the Wesleyan Hall and continued there for five years. In 1895-6 the hall was used as the first primary school while the Burke Ward school was being built.
During the 1920s the short gallery fronting the choir loft in the church was removed along with pews in the body of the church to allow for the choir to be held in the body of the church.
In 1963 for its 75th anniversary, the church had works done at a cost of A£1,200. This included installation of a wooden cross in length. It is assumed that at this time the choir loft was bricked in to make the place where the new cross was hung.
In June 1981 regular worship services at Wesley Uniting Church were ceased.
From November 1986 to December 1987 some restorations were carried out on the buildings. These included the removal of the bricked in archway to expose the original choir loft. These works were designed to bring the group back as close as possible with the original layout of the buildings.
In 1988 the interior of the Wesleyan Church Hall featured in a commercial in which the famous artist of Broken Hill, Pro Hart, slapped food onto a carpet to create a painting of a dragonfly (which in the narrative of the commercial was successfully wiped off by a cleaning lady). This has been described as "one of the most popular TV commercials ever made in Australia" (Groves). A slap of blue paint remains on the exterior brick work of the hall near its entrance to Sulphide Street.
Although on 31 July 1988, on the anniversary of its centenary, the Wesley Uniting Church was rededicated, by 20 August 1995 the last Wesleyan service was held there. Two months later, in October 1996, worship at the Broken Hill Uniting Church was transferred to the church, which was renamed the "Wesleyan Uniting Church". The church and its hall remains in religious use by the Uniting Church.
Description
The Wesleyan Uniting Church Group consists of the Wesley Hall and Wesley Church. With the church's founding stone laid in 1888, the group is historically important for its close connection with Broken Hill's early history, dating only from the commencement of mining operations by BHP in 1885. The church and its hall are built in rough hewn stone with brick trim. Located on a corner site near the centre of town, the group is a key streetscape element and local landmark.
The Wesley Church is designed in a Victorian Gothic Revival style based on a symmetrical cruciform plan modified to form an octagon in the centre. This central structure is supported internally on four trefoil iron columns with foliate columns at the crossing. The walls are built of local rough hewn stone with brick trim, in this case brick buttresses and brick surrounds to openings. There is a string course running across the walls at middle height. In keeping with the Gothic style the church has parapetted gables and its windows have pointed arch heads. The roof is clad with corrugated iron. A feature of the building is a slender, octagonal spire with ventilated shaft. Internal walls are plastered and the ceiling is timber boarded.
The Wesley Hall's design incorporates simple Gothic forms and also some Romanesque influence. Like the adjacent church it is constructed of rough hewn stone with brick trim; the trim is in the form of brick quoins and brick surrounds to doors and windows. There is a central gabled section flanked by a skillion roofed section to either side. The roof is clad with corrugated iron, as are the gable apex and the vertical roof steps between the gable roof and the skillions. On the main facade there are two doors with flanking windows to their outer sides, together with a central window placed higher on the gabled wall. All these openings are of the pointed arch type. The side walls have rounded arch windows, and above these are four paned clerestory windows. Internally, posts with curved brackets support the gabled section of the roof. The internal side of the roof is lined with timber. There is a modest, recent extension housing a kitchen at the rear of the hall.
There is a stone, brick and iron fence along part of the street frontage to Cobalt and Sulphide Streets and a church sign. A narrow block of land beside the church on Cobalt Street was recently purchased, allowing space for a driveway to the rear of the property.
The church was reported to be in good physical condition as at 11 August 2004.
Heritage listing
Dating from 1888, just three years after the founding of Broken Hill as a mining settlement in 1885, the Wesley Uniting Church and Hall Group is of State significance for its associations with the pioneering days of Broken Hill. It demonstrates the early appearance of Methodism and provides evidence of the strong temperance movement of the late nineteenth century in contrast with the town's "reputation for boisterousness, heavy drinking [and] militant unionism". The Wesley Church is also of State aesthetic significance for its austere and intact Victorian Gothic design, being built of rough hewn stone with a tall central spire, a key streetscape element and local landmark.
Wesley Uniting Church was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 23 April 2010 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the course, or pattern, of cultural or natural history in New South Wales.
The Wesley Uniting Church and Hall are of State significance as some of the earliest church buildings to be constructed west of the Darling River. Dating from 1888, just three years after mining operations commenced on the "broken hill" or Line of Lode in Broken Hill, the site is closely associated with the early history of this major mining centre. It provides evidence of the strong temperance movement of the late nineteenth century, which contrasted with the town's "reputation for boisterousness, heavy drinking [and] militant unionism"
The place has a strong or special association with a person, or group of persons, of importance of cultural or natural history of New South Wales's history.
The presence of the Wesley Uniting Church and Hall is of local significance for demonstrating the early and substantial appearance of Methodism in Broken Hill within three years of the commencement of mining operations in 1885. Methodism may be associated with the large numbers of Cornish miners attracted to the town from South Australia and other mining areas in the Barrier Ranges.
The place is important in demonstrating aesthetic characteristics and/or a high degree of creative or technical achievement in New South Wales.
The Wesley Church and Wesley Hall are of State aesthetic significance for their Victorian Gothic design, built of rough hewn stone with brick trim, a form of construction more commonly found in the arid localities of South Australia than in NSW. The slender octagonal spire and distinctive stonework help make this a key streetscape element and local landmark, situated opposite the town's main recreational park.
The place has strong or special association with a particular community or cultural group in New South Wales for social, cultural or spiritual reasons.
Wesley Uniting Church Group is of local social significance to the people of Broken Hill as the seat of Methodism in the Barrier region and secondly a venue for many social activities. The Church Group has been a part of the broader community of Broken Hill and remains today a functioning church. The hall is of social significance to people who fondly remember the Pro Hart carpet commercial of 1988, which was filmed inside.
The place has potential to yield information that will contribute to an understanding of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
Wesley Uniting Church Group is of local significance for its research potential to demonstrate the techniques of stone and brick walling and for its complexity of design and structure with the vernacular materials used.
The place possesses uncommon, rare or endangered aspects of the cultural or natural history of New South Wales.
Wesley Uniting Church Group is of State significance for its rarity as one of the earliest groups of church buildings to be erected west of the Darling River, dating from 1888, and for the rarity of its construction materials featuring rough hewn stone with brick trim.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of cultural or natural places/environments in New South Wales.
Wesley Uniting Church Group is of State significance for its representative qualities as a pioneering church in the far west of New South Wales.
See also
List of Uniting churches in New South Wales
References
Bibliography
Attribution
External links
Broken Hill
Buildings and structures in Broken Hill, New South Wales
Broken Hill
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
1888 establishments in Australia
Churches completed in 1888
New South Wales places listed on the defunct Register of the National Estate
Victorian architecture in New South Wales
Gothic Revival architecture in New South Wales
Gothic Revival church buildings in Australia
Nagle's algorithm is a means of improving the efficiency of TCP/IP networks by reducing the number of packets that need to be sent over the network. It was defined by John Nagle while working for Ford Aerospace. It was published in 1984 as a Request for Comments (RFC) with title Congestion Control in IP/TCP Internetworks in .
The RFC describes what he called the "small-packet problem", where an application repeatedly emits data in small chunks, frequently only 1 byte in size. Since TCP packets have a 40-byte header (20 bytes for TCP, 20 bytes for IPv4), this results in a 41-byte packet for 1 byte of useful information, a huge overhead. This situation often occurs in Telnet sessions, where most keypresses generate a single byte of data that is transmitted immediately. Worse, over slow links, many such packets can be in transit at the same time, potentially leading to congestion collapse.
Nagle's algorithm works by combining a number of small outgoing messages and sending them all at once. Specifically, as long as there is a sent packet for which the sender has received no acknowledgment, the sender should keep buffering its output until it has a full packet's worth of output, thus allowing output to be sent all at once.
Algorithm
The RFC defines the algorithm as
inhibit the sending of new TCP segments when new outgoing data arrives from the user if any previously transmitted data on the connection remains unacknowledged.
Where MSS is the maximum segment size, the largest segment that can be sent on this connection, and the window size is the currently acceptable window of unacknowledged data, this can be written in pseudocode as
if there is new data to send then
if the window size ≥ MSS and available data is ≥ MSS then
send complete MSS segment now
else
if there is unconfirmed data still in the pipe then
enqueue data in the buffer until an acknowledgment is received
else
send data immediately
end if
end if
end if
Interaction with delayed ACK
This algorithm interacts badly with TCP delayed acknowledgments (delayed ACK), a feature introduced into TCP at roughly the same time in the early 1980s, but by a different group. With both algorithms enabled, applications that do two successive writes to a TCP connection, followed by a read that will not be fulfilled until after the data from the second write has reached the destination, experience a constant delay of up to 500 milliseconds, the "ACK delay". It is recommended to disable either, although traditionally it's easier to disable Nagle, since such a switch already exists for real-time applications.
A solution recommended by Nagle is to avoid the algorithm sending premature packets by buffering up application writes and then flushing the buffer:
The user-level solution is to avoid write–write–read sequences on sockets. Write–read–write–read is fine. Write–write–write is fine. But write–write–read is a killer. So, if you can, buffer up your little writes to TCP and send them all at once. Using the standard UNIX I/O package and flushing write before each read usually works.
Nagle considers delayed ACKs a "bad idea", since the application layer does not usually respond within the time window. For typical use cases, he recommends disabling "delayed ACK" instead of his algorithm, as "quick" ACKs do not incur as much overhead as many small packets do.
Disabling either Nagle or delayed ACK
TCP implementations usually provide applications with an interface to disable the Nagle algorithm. This is typically called the TCP_NODELAY option. On Microsoft Windows the TcpNoDelay registry switch decides the default. TCP_NODELAY is present since the TCP/IP stack in 4.2BSD of 1983, a stack with many descendents.
The interface for disabling delayed ACK is not consistent among systems. The flag is available on Linux since 2001 (2.4.4) and potentially on Windows, where the official interface is . Setting TcpAckFrequency to 1 in the Windows registry turns off delayed ACK by default.
Negative effect on larger writes
The Nagle algorithm applies to data writes of any size. If the data in a single write spans 2n packets, where there are 2n-1 full-sized TCP segments followed by a partial TCP segment, the original Nagle algorithm would withhold the last packet, waiting for either more data to send (to fill the packet), or the ACK for the previous packet (indicating that all the previous packets have left the network).
In any non-pipelined stop-and-wait request-response application protocol where request data can be larger than a packet, this can artificially impose a few hundred milliseconds latency between the requester and the responder. Originally this was not felt to be a problem, since any non-pipelined stop-and-wait protocol is probably not designed to achieve high performance in the first place, so a few hundred milliseconds extra delay should make little difference. A later refinement to Nagle's algorithm, called Minshall's Modification, solved this problem with stop-and-wait protocols that send one short message and then wait for an acknowledgement before sending the next, removing the incentive for them to disable Nagle's algorithm (though such protocols will still be limited by their design to one message exchange per network round-trip time).
In general, since Nagle's algorithm is only a defense against careless applications, disabling Nagle's algorithm will not benefit most carefully written applications that take proper care of buffering. Disabling Nagle's algorithm will enable the application to have many small packets in flight on the network at once, instead of a smaller number of large packets, which may increase load on the network, and may or may not benefit the application performance.
Interactions with real-time systems
Applications that expect real-time responses and low latency can react poorly with Nagle's algorithm. Applications such as networked multiplayer video games or the movement of the mouse in a remotely controlled operating system, expect that actions are sent immediately, while the algorithm purposefully delays transmission, increasing bandwidth efficiency at the expense of latency. For this reason applications with low-bandwidth time-sensitive transmissions typically use TCP_NODELAY to bypass the Nagle-delayed ACK delay.
Another option is to use UDP instead.
Operating systems implementation
Most modern operating systems implement Nagle's algorithms. In AIX, Linux, and Windows it is enabled by default and can be disabled on a per-socket basis using the TCP_NODELAY option.
References
External links
Nagle delays in Nagle's Algorithm
Nagle's algorithm
TCP Performance problems caused by interaction between Nagle's Algorithm and Delayed ACK
Design issues - Sending small data segments over TCP with Winsock
Networking algorithms
Transmission Control Protocol
The West Coast Expressway (E32) is an interstate controlled-access highway running along the west coast of Peninsular Malaysia. The expressway is currently under construction, with several sections open for public use. Once completed, the expressway will run between :Changkat Jering, :Perak and :Banting, :Selangor, following federal routes 5 and 60 for most of its route. The expressway will operate in three sections, with sections of federal route 5 completing the missing connections; these sections will be upgraded to limited-access roads. The expressway is expected to be fully completed by the end of 2024, except for a 10 km stretch from Section 7B which is expected to be completed by June 2026.
The expressway is being built by Konsortium Lebuhraya Pantai Barat. Approval was given by the government for the construction, which was to begin from 20 December 2013 and was to be completed within five years. It originally was given route code E28 but later changed to E32, and E28 was used by Sultan Abdul Halim Muadzam Shah Bridge. The project was delayed and actual construction began in May 2014. Currently, a segment between Kapar and Bukit Raja, a segment from Hutan Melintang to Teluk Intan and a segment from Lekir to Beruas are opened to traffic.
Once the expressway is completed, it will be the fourth longest in Peninsular Malaysia, after the North-South Expressway Northern Route, the East Coast Expressway and the North-South Expressway Southern Route.
Overview
Construction of the expressway is divided into eleven packages. Works for the first five packages commenced in May 2014, of which three packages are in Selangor while the other two are in Perak. The stretches between Tanjung Karang to Hutan Melintang and Teluk Intan to Kampung Lekir are using the existing stretches of federal route 5, both of which are currently being upgraded. As a result, the expressway will consist of three non-contiguous stretches of controlled-access expressway (JKR R6), i.e. from Banting to Tanjung Karang, Hutan Melintang to Teluk Intan and Lekir to Changkat Jering while the two stretches on federal route 5 are partial access highways (JKR R5) featuring grade-separated interchanges at major junctions, left-in/left-out junctions and at-grade U-Turns.
A spur link from Changkat Keruing to Siputeh (near Ipoh) in Perak which will be connected via an interchange with the main link is also in the plan. Construction of the spur link is however deferred. The spur link will consist of a controlled-access expressway (JKR R6) stretch from Changkat Keruing to Parit while the stretch between Parit to Siputeh will use the existing stretch of federal route 73 will be similarly upgraded like the two federal route 5 stretches of the main link package has been awarded to Gedeihen Engineering Sdn Bhd.
The controlled-access expressway stretches will use a closed toll system like the North–South Expressway. Toll collection has started at all opened stretches of the expressway. The stretches on existing federal roads will remain toll-free.
The highway will cost about RM 4.6 billion, where RM3.6 billion will be construction costs. The concessionaire company is planning to issue bonds in 2009.
On 25 May 2014, the construction of the expressway began. The groundbreaking ceremony for the new expressway was held near the Teluk Intan interchange in Teluk Intan, Perak.
Five interchanges (sections 4–5, 8–10) were expected to be opened in time for Eid al-Fitr in 2019 but a burst water pipe on 5 May 2019 delayed the opening of sections 4–5.
On 31 May 2019, section 8 between Hutan Melintang and Teluk Intan in Perak was opened to traffic. The opening ceremony was officiated by the Deputy Minister of Works, Mohd. Anuar Tahir. This followed by the opening of sections 9 and 10 between Lekir and Beruas, also in Perak on 23 September 2019 and officiated by Works Ministry secretary-general Datuk Dr Syed Omar Sharifuddin Syed Ikhsan. The first section to open in Selangor was section 5 between Kapar and Bukit Raja and officiated by Malaysian Highway Authority director-general Datuk Mohd Shuhaimi Hassan. This stretch was opened to public on 10 December 2019.
As of 10 December 2019, the expressway is 71% completed with section 4 (Federal Highway 2–Bandar Bukit Raja (North)) slated to be opened in Q1 2020 followed by sections 1–3 (Banting–Federal Highway 2) & section 6 (Kapar–Assam Jaya) in early 2021. Land acquisition issues and alignment changes causing delay of the construction of section 7 (Assam Jawa–Tanjung Karang), which will be completed by 2024 along with section 11 (Beruas–Taiping South).
WCE group has the first right of refusal for Section 12 (Siputeh – Segari) which will cost RM600 million with 41 km stretch. There is a plan to extend the expressway all the way to Penang if it is feasible.
Route background
The northern terminus of the expressway will be located at Changkat Jering on the North–South Expressway Northern Route. The southern terminus will be located at Banting on Federal Route 31. The expressway will have interchanges to Trong, Beruas, Changkat Cermin, Sitiawan, Lekir, Teluk Intan, Hutan Melintang, Sabak Bernam, Sungai Besar, Sekinchan, Tanjung Karang, Kuala Lumpur–Kuala Selangor Expressway at Assam Jawa, Kapar, New North Klang Straits Bypass, New Klang Valley Expressway at Bukit Raja, Federal Highway at Klang, Sri Andalas, Shah Alam Expressway near Jalan Kebun and South Klang Valley Expressway.
12 sites have been identified as rest and services area with each area will have 2 petrol stations.
Junction list
References
External links
West Coast Expressway (WCE) Sdn Bhd
2019 establishments in Malaysia
Expressways in Malaysia
Proposed roads in Malaysia
