Night Shift (), is a 2015 crime thriller television series produced by Hong Kong Television Network. The entire series was filmed at night.
Plot
The story links together the experiences of several EU assault team members working different night shifts. During their shifts, they already encounter all kinds of unfathomable dangers and challenges, but the true test of their endurance lies in the endless temptations that they face in the darkness of the night. With their willpower slowly weakening as the night wears on, their self-protection and restraint are also in danger of suffering serious blows.
Cast
Emergency Unit
Frankie Lam as Heman
Dominic Lam as Bao Kuk
Kwok Fung as Tai Sir
Luvin Ho as Kit
Sin Ho-ying as Kai Yet
Wu Kwing-lung as Tsui Tsai
Kong Fai as Wong Tze-hang
Night club
Kathy Yuen as Aka
Rachel Lam as Leslie
Lena Wong as Rainbow
Ruby Lau as Nana
Jan Tse as Suki
Jacky Yeung as Mark
Benji Chiang as manager of the Bar
Gregory Wong as guy in the Bar
Triads
Bryant Mak as 6 Luck
Philip Keung as Tai Dan
Felix Lok as Che Ding
Bond Chan as Tin Kau
Ambulance Unit
Chow Tsz-lung as Yau Yung
Wong Man-piu as Master Kai
Jason Lam as Brother Kin
7-Eleven
Crystal Leung as Ah Fa
Oscar Chan as Jason
Annie Chong as Sandy
Social worker
Tong Chun-ming as Alan
Bonnie Wong as Grandma 7
Peter Lai as Tang Bak
Other cast
Yetta Tse as Yan
Alan Luk as Fat Kee
Deon Cheung as Edwin
Mizz Eva as Eva
Ann Ho as Rene
Anita Chan as Carman
Cherry Pau as Ho Ying, (episode 7 & 11)
Production
Filming started on 8 September 2013 and ended on 26 November 2013.
Release
A behind the scenes video clip was posted on YouTube on 30 November 2013. The first trailer was released on HKTV's YouTube channel on 26 October 2014. A 9-minute preview was released on HKTV's YouTube channel on 11 August 2015.
References
External links
Official website
Hong Kong Television Network original programming
2015 Hong Kong television series debuts
2010s Hong Kong television series
Englewood Federal Detention Center is a federal detention center that is part of a complex of federal prisons in Englewood, Colorado. The complex also includes Englewood FCI and the Englewood Federal Prison Camp. The FDC consists of two units, A and B, each of which has a capacity of about 100 inmates. Inmates are kept physically separated from those in the other unit and are not allowed to communicate with them. This facility has a psychiatric staff that conducts mental health evaluations of defendants who are temporarily transferred in from all over the country pursuant to the United States federal laws governing offenders with mental diseases or defects. Nathan Johnson was housed in this facility pending trial for his role in the 2008 Barack Obama assassination scare in Denver.
Buildings and structures in Arapahoe County, Colorado
Prisons in Colorado
John Gorman "Jack" Keane (July 3, 1930 – October 24, 2019) was an American business executive, government official, and academic, who served as the 18th Director of the United States Census Bureau from 1984 to 1989.
Early life and education
Keane was born to William G. and Esther (Centlivre) Keane, in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Except for military and government service, he lived almost all of his life in the Midwest. He earned degrees from Syracuse University (A.B.), University of Notre Dame (B.S.), Indiana University (M.B.A.), and the University of Pittsburgh (Ph.D.). During the Korean War, Keene served in military intelligence in the U.S. Air Force.
Career
Beginning his career at U.S. Steel, Keene worked for J. Walter Thompson and Booz Allen Hamilton. He later founded Managing Change, Inc., a consulting firm.
Keane was appointed by President Ronald Reagan to serve as the 18th Director of the United States Census Bureau. He served from 1984 to 1989, during which time he testified before Congress 43 times and oversaw the Census Bureau's significant collaboration with the World Bank, International Monetary Fund, and the U.S. Agency for International Development.
After leaving government service, Keane served as Gillen Dean and Korth Professor of Strategic Management in the Notre Dame College of Business Administration from 1989 to 1997 and as Korth Professor of Strategic Management until 2010.
Personal life
Keene married Rosemarie Halloran on June 20, 1959, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. They had two daughters and one son. Keene was a member of the Knights of Malta and served one term as president of the American Marketing Association. He loved to play sports including basketball and softball.
References
Oral History: John G. Keane, U.S. Bureau of the Census
Obituary: John "Jack" Gorman Keane, Kaniewski Funeral Home
Notre Dame News
1930 births
2019 deaths
Directors of the United States Census Bureau
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
People from Fort Wayne, Indiana
Reagan administration personnel
Syracuse University alumni
University of Notre Dame alumni
University of Pittsburgh alumni
United States Air Force personnel of the Korean War
Brendan Peyper (born in Bloemfontein, South Africa in 1996) is an Afrikaans singer. He released his debut album Stop, wag, bly nog 'n bietjie in 2015 and then a follow-up album Hy Loop Oop in 2017.
Career
Brendan Peyper was born in Bloemfontein in a farming family. He studied at Hoërskool Jim Fouché with plans to study sound engineering. He started playing guitar at the age of five and began his professional career in music at age 14. He attracted audiences early on with sincere, infectious lyrics.
His first single, Stop, wag, bly nog 'n bietjie, was a success with Channel 24 dubbing it the hottest music video. He followed it up with Tafelberg vir Twee light accompanied by a new music video with good following.
Discography
Album
Singles
2015: "Stop, wag, bly nog 'n bietjie"
2015: "Tafelberg vir twee"
2015: "Die perfekte een vir my"
2017: "Twee is beter as een"
2017: "Vanaand sê ek net ja"
2018: "We Got Forever"
2018: "Klim Jou Everest"
2018: "Jy Laat Dit Maklik Lyk"
2018: "Maak Die Perde Los"
2018: "Like a River Flows"
2020: "Sterk Soos 'n Leeu"
2020: "Lekkerder Op My Trekker"
2021: "Dik en dun"
2021: "Op jou spoor"
2021: "Warm nog op"
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official website
1996 births
Living people
Afrikaner people
South African pop singers
Afrikaans-language singers
Lew Palter (born November 3, 1928) is an American film, stage and television actor. He is perhaps best known for playing "Isidor Straus" in the 1997 film Titanic, with also being known for playing Justice Benjamin Halperin in the 1981 film First Monday in October.
Born in New York. Palter attended at Northwestern University, where he earned his Doctor of Philosophy degree on theatre. He appeared in productions such as The Madwoman of Chaillot and An Enemy of the People, in New York. Palter also appeared in the Broadway play A Thousand of Clowns, in which had an eight-week performance at the Pittsburgh Playhouse. He also directed for Off-Broadway plays including Let Man Live, Overruled and The Trial of Lucullus. In 1965, Palter directed and produced with Robert L. Hobbs at the Millbrook Playhouse.
Palter acted and directed on summer stock theaters. He later began to appear in film and television programs in 1967, where he first appeared in the television series Run for Your Life, playing the role of the "1st Trucker". Palter guest-starred in television programs including The A-Team, Day by Day, Charlie's Angels, Baretta, The Virginian, Columbo, The High Chaparral, Gunsmoke, Mission: Impossible, The Six Million Dollar Man, Kojak, The Brady Bunch and The Flying Nun. He also played Det. Clark on seven episodes of the American drama television series Delvecchio, with also guest-starring on The Doris Day Show, where he played Waiter Luigi. Palter appeared on three films such as The Steagle, First Monday in October and Titanic, where he played the role of the co-owner of Macy's department store "Isidor Straus", the husband of "Ida Straus" (Elsa Raven).
References
External links
Rotten Tomatoes profile
1928 births
Living people
People from New York (state)
Male actors from New York (state)
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male stage actors
20th-century American male actors
American theatre directors
Theatre managers and producers
Northwestern University alumni
Umbral is derived from the Latin umbra, meaning "shadow". It is also the Spanish and Portuguese word for "threshold", and sometimes used as a surname in that language.
Umbral may also refer to:
Umbral calculus, the surprising similarity between seemingly unrelated polynomial equations and certain shadowy techniques used to 'prove' them
Umbral moonshine, a mysterious connection between Niemeier lattices and Ramanujan's mock theta functions
Francisco Umbral (1932–2007), a Spanish journalist, novelist, biographer and essayist
Joel Ngebany Mumbongo (born 9 January 1999) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a striker for EFL League Two club Tranmere Rovers. Mumbongo is a former Swedish national youth team player, most recently plays for U19 team.
Early life
Mumbongo was born in Gothenburg, Sweden to parents of Congolese descent, Jonathan and Marie. He has a younger sister Charité who plays elite handball for Kungälv HK. He spent his early days in Biskopsgården before the family moved to Nödinge-Nol when he was 10 years-old. He started playing youth football for Lundby IF, IF Warta and Nödinge SK. At the age of twelve he used to train with Gothenburg club Örgryte IS after his parents had contacted the youth coach requesting for a trial. He was also a gifted sprinter during his teenage years and was ranked as one of the best in his region.
Club career
Early career
Whilst at Örgryte IS a number of European clubs were beginning to show an interest in Mumbongo. English Premier League side Chelsea contacted his father with the offer of taking Mumbongo on trial, but the trial never materialised. At the age of 15 he went on trial at Manchester City after a Swedish scout had recommended him and was included in an under-16 squad for a tournament in Salzburg. He scored a few goals despite not starting every match but the interest stalled. He subsequently had a short trial at Everton but Mumbongo's father decided that it would be best for his son to finish his studies and play for a top flight club in Sweden.
BK Häcken
At the age of 16, in the summer of 2015, he left Örgryte to join Häcken. He continued his development in the youth side earning international honours and attracted interest from English clubs again, going on trial with Stoke City and Southampton. He never made a first team appearance for Häcken despite making the bench twice in the Allsvenskan and training with the side.
Utsiktens BK
He decided to drop down two divisions in February 2018 so he could play regularly, when the opportunity arose to sign for Division 1 side Utsiktens BK. He had an impressive goal scoring record in his six months with side, scoring 7 goals in 15 matches. This goal scoring form alerted EFL Championship side Birmingham City who invited him to train with the side. He was all set to sign a contract with all the paperwork completed when the English Football League placed Birmingham under a transfer embargo and the deal was blocked.
Hellas Verona
Mumbongo later signed a one-year deal for Italian side Hellas Verona in August 2018, who had recently been relegated to Serie B. A Hellas Verona scout had spotted Munbongo in
a UEFA European Under-19 Championship qualifier against Italy the year previous. He played a number of games in the under-19 Primavera side before sustaining an anterior cruciate ligament injury in a match in October 2018, which kept him out of action for four months. He never made an appearance for the first team as the side were promoted back to Serie A via the play-offs and he returned to Sweden for rehabilitation as a free agent at the end of his contract.
Burnley
In the summer of 2019 he was spotted on LinkedIn by Jon Pepper, head of the academy at Premier League side Burnley. Pepper contacted Mumbongo's agent asking for his CV and clips of him in action. Pepper liaised with the under-23 manager Steve Stone, and they both agreed to invite him for a trial. He joined the under-23 side for their pre-season trip to Poland and played in a number of games. Burnley were reluctant to sign him immediately as he had not fully recovered from his injury sustained at Verona. Three months after he had finished his rehabilitation back to full fitness, he was rewarded with a contract until the end of the season in October 2019. After getting more consistent regular minutes at under-23 level he was offered a new 18-month contract in January 2020. In December 2020 he was nominated for the Premier League 2 player of the month award for November after scoring 4 goals in 5 games. Around a month later, on 9 January 2021, he made his first team debut in a third-round FA Cup tie against Milton Keynes Dons at Turf Moor. He came on as a late substitute with the side 1–0 down, eventually providing the assist for Matěj Vydra in stoppage time to level the tie. Burnley went on to win the tie on penalties after extra time. On 31 January 2021, he made his Premier League debut as a substitute for Robbie Brady in a 2–0 away defeat by Chelsea.
Loan to Accrington Stanley
On 1 July 2021, Mumbongo joined League One side Accrington Stanley on a season-long loan deal. He scored his first goal for the club in their 1-0 win over Shrewsbury Town. On June 10 Burnley announced that Mumbongo would leave the club at the end of June when his contract expired.
Tranmere Rovers
On 28 July 2022, Mumbongo joined League Two club Tranmere Rovers on a one-year contract.
International career
He is a youth international for Sweden and has represented them at under-17 and under-19 level. He featured 6 times in the qualifiers for the 2018 UEFA European Under-19 Championship, scoring once in a 3–2 defeat to Serbia. Sweden qualified for the final tournament in Finland but Mumbongo wasn't selected in the squad for the Championships.
Career statistics
References
External links
SvenskFotboll Profile
Burnley Profile
Accrington Stanley Profile
1999 births
Living people
Footballers from Gothenburg
Swedish footballers
Association football forwards
Sweden youth international footballers
Swedish people of Democratic Republic of the Congo descent
Swedish sportspeople of African descent
European sportspeople of Democratic Republic of the Congo descent
BK Häcken players
Utsiktens BK players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
Burnley F.C. players
Accrington Stanley F.C. players
Tranmere Rovers F.C. players
Premier League players
English Football League players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Swedish expatriates in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Swedish expatriates in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Bear Creek is a stream in eastern Sonoma County, California, United States, a tributary of Sonoma Creek.
Course
The stream originates near the Sonoma–Napa county line, about north of the northern Bald Mountain summit. It descends first to the west and then to the south, emptying into Sonoma Creek just west of Sugarloaf Ridge State Park.
Habitat and pollution
As of 2000, Bear Creek supported steelhead trout.
See also
Graham Creek
List of watercourses in the San Francisco Bay Area
Yulupa Creek
References
Rivers of Sonoma County, California
Rivers of Northern California
Tributaries of Sonoma Creek
St. Helena, California
Christopher L. Relf (born May 26, 1989) is an American football quarterback. He played college football for the Mississippi State University Bulldogs.
High school
Relf passed for 1,400 yards and 13 touchdowns at Carver High School in Montgomery, Alabama, as a junior.
College career
Statistics
Had a breakout performance against Ole Miss in the season finale of the 2009 season. In the 2011 Progressive Gator Bowl against the University of Michigan Wolverines, Relf completed 18 of his 23 passes for 281 yards and 3 touchdowns. He also ran for 49 yards and 1 touchdown and was named the MVP of the game. As a senior, he led Mississippi State to the Music City Bowl where they defeated Wake Forest 23–17, marking the first back to back bowl appearances for the Bulldogs since the 1999–2000 seasons.
Relf's 3,297 passing yards are 10th in school history. His 28 passing touchdowns place him 7th.
References
1989 births
Living people
Players of American football from Montgomery, Alabama
American football quarterbacks
Mississippi State Bulldogs football players
FC Pune City (R) was FC Pune City's reserve team that participanted in the I-League 2nd Division. FC Pune City Academy was the youth setup of FC Pune City. They participated in Youth League U18 and U15, as well as Pune Football League.
History
Formation
On 26 August 2016, it was announced that FC Pune City had purchased the Pune F.C. Academy and rebranded it under their name. At the same time, the team unveiled their youth development plans which included fielding teams in Youth League U18 and U15, as well as Subroto Cup and Pune Football League.
Shut down
FC Pune City Reserves and Academy got dissolved in 2019, soon after their first team FC Pune City shut down its operations due financial and technical difficulties. The club's ownership was sold. The franchise rights was bought by Hyderabad-based IT entrepreneur Vijay Madduri and former Kerala Blasters FC CEO Varun Tripuneni. They subsequently launched a new club, Hyderabad FC.
Last squad
Honours
IFA Shield
Winners (1): 2017
Bandodkar Gold Trophy
Winners (1): 2016
References
External links
Official Website
Academy
Football academies in India
Indian reserve football teams
2016 establishments in Maharashtra
Youth League U18
"Come Follow Me (To the Greenwood Tree) " is an English language nursery rhyme and a popular children's song. It can be an "ask a question" nursery song. Asking where shall thee follow.
Lyrics
The most common modern version is often sung as a round for four voice parts. A possible arrangement for SATB is as follows:
{| class="wikitable"
!Soprano
!Alto
!Tenor
!Bass
|-
|Come, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow me,
|
|
|
|-
|Where shall I follow, follow, follow.
|Come, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow me.
|
|
|-
|Where shall I follow, follow, thee.
|Where shall I follow, follow, follow, follow.
|Come follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, me.
|
|-
|To the greenwood, to the redwood, to the redwood, redwood tree.
|Where shall I follow, follow, thee
|Where shall I follow, follow, follow.
|Come follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, me.
|-
|
|To the greenwood, to the redwood, to the redwood, redwood tree..
|Where shall I follow, follow, thee.
|Where shall I follow, follow, follow.
|-
|
|
|To the greenwood, to the redwood, to the redwood, redwood tree.
|Where shall I follow, follow,
|-
|
|
|
|To the greenwood, to the redwood, to the redwood, redwood tree.
|} The text above is often sung multiple times in succession to allow for the different voices to interweave with each other, forming four-part harmony.
Pop Culture
The song was featured in an animated insert on Sesame Street, in which the three turtle kids teach their Uncle Edgar (the banjo playing turtle) about round singing).
References
American nursery rhymes
English children's songs
American folk songs
Songs about trees
Traditional children's songs
Rounds (music)
Year of song unknown
Songwriter unknown
John Bond Reid (February 25, 1896 – December 21, 1963) was an American football player and coach of football, basketball, and baseball. He served as head football coach at North Texas State Teachers College, now the University of North Texas, from 1925 to 1928, compiling a record of 16–18–3. Reid was also the head basketball coach at North Texas State Teachers from 1924 to 1929 and at Texas A&M University from 1929 to 1935, amassing a career college basketball record of 144–84. In addition, he was the head baseball coach at North Texas State Teachers College from 1925 to 1926, tallying a mark 7–11. He died of prostate cancer in 1963. He is interred at Magnolia Cemetery in Woodville.
Head coaching record
Football
References
External links
1896 births
1963 deaths
Basketball coaches from Texas
Baylor Bears football players
Deaths from cancer in Texas
Deaths from prostate cancer
North Texas Mean Green baseball coaches
North Texas Mean Green football coaches
North Texas Mean Green men's basketball coaches
People from Woodville, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
Texas A&M Aggies men's basketball coaches
The enzyme D-cysteine desulfhydrase (EC 4.4.1.15) catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-cysteine + H2O sulfide + NH3 + pyruvate
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically the class of carbon-sulfur lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is D-cysteine sulfide-lyase (deaminating; pyruvate-forming). Other names in common use include D-cysteine lyase, and D-cysteine sulfide-lyase (deaminating). This enzyme participates in cysteine metabolism.
References
EC 4.4.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
The Sound of Your Heart (; also known as The Sound of Your heart, Sound of Heart) is a South Korean webtoon series written and illustrated by Jo Seok. The webtoon was first released on the Naver WEBTOON internet portal in 2006. In 2007, the first print volume was released and The Sound of Your Heart was adapted into a TV series of the same name in 2015. It was completed in July 2020.
Development
Jo Seok graduated from Jeonju University with a major in video cultural studies in 2002, and wanted to infuse an interest in cartoons to those who haven't been fans of graphic novels. Jo began posting The Sound of Heart on Naver Webtoon in September 2006, and by 2014 it was the longest running webtoon on the platform. On December 17, 2015, the 1,000th episode of The Sound of Heart was posted on Naver. Since Jo started posting his webcomic on Naver, views averaged 5 million per update, a total of over 5 billion views.
When Jo got married in 2014, he did not have a wedding ceremony or honeymoon trip because he did not want a lapse in his update schedule. In 2015, Jo earned about ₩78,000,000 per month (approximately ₩936,000,000 per year).
Jo published other webcomics on Naver Webtoon during the run of The Sound of Heart, such as Jo's Area and Moon You. The Sound of Heart concluded in July 2020, after running for 14 years. Jo said he felt "lucky to be able to feel 'done' with the comic." During its run, the webtoon accumulated nearly 7 billion views and 15 million comments. 500 episodes had been translated into English by the time The Sound of Heart concluded.
Characters
In The Sound of Heart, most characters are based on people in the author's life.
Main
Jo Seok: The author himself in his comic.
Choi Ae-bong: Jo's girlfriend, and, since June 2014, wife.
Jo Joon: Jo's brother.
Jo Cheol-wang: Jo's father. He was a rugby player and owner of a chicken restaurant.
Kwon Jeong-kwon: Jo's mother.
Jo Yool-bong: Jo and Ae-bong's daughter.
Choi Ko-bong, Ae-bong's younger brother. Internet instructor and police officer.
Dogs
Sensation, Jo's pet dog
Hengbong, Jo's pet dog
Sol and Taeyang, dogs raised at Ae-bong's house.
Kobongi, Ae-bong's pet dog
Jo's Friends
Kim Joongoo: General editor of Naver Webtoon.
Buwook, Flower human.
Seouldae(Seoul National University in Korean), Buwook's elder brother.
Other media
On 7 November 2016, airline carrier Air Seoul announced that it had collaborated with Naver Webtoon to produce pre-flight safety video. Characters from The Sound of Heart were featured in the video, alongside characters from webtoons such as Denma and Noblesse.
Animated series
On September 20, 2018, the first animated short series based on The Sound of Heart was released on Naver WEBTOON YouTube Channel.
Television series
KBS had been planning a TV series involving The Sound of Heart since 2015. Lee Kwang-soo was cast to portray Jo Seok, and Jung So-min is cast to portray Choi Ae-bong. The series was also picked up by Netflix and was broadcast on both channels simultaneously on February 24, 2017.
Netflix ran another series titled The Sound of Your Heart - Reboot, produced by Kross Pictures. This series began airing in October 2018 and ran for two seasons. In this adaptation, Cho Seok was portrayed by Sung Hoon and Lee Ae-bong was portrayed by Girls' Generation's Kwon Yuri.
Mobile game
Korean mobile game company Neowiz Games produced a mobile video game adaption of The Sound of Heart, launched on Google Play in April 2016. The fee is free and includes some paid item payment features. The latest update is on April 24, 2019 and is a game of RPG personality.
References
External links
Official website on Naver WEBTOON
English translation on WEBTOON
Manhwa titles
Naver Comics titles
2006 webtoon debuts
South Korean webtoons
Comedy webtoons
Slice of life comics
Comics adapted into television series
2000s webtoons
Webtoons in print
The Sound of Heart
Great Barn is an historic building in the English village of Hoghton, Lancashire. Built in 1692 just west of Hoghton Tower, it is now a Grade I listed building.
Side view
See also
Grade I listed buildings in Lancashire
Listed buildings in Hoghton
References
1692 establishments in England
Grade I listed barns
Amilcare Canevari (9 June 1905 – 1 August 1987) was an Italian rower. He competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's eight where they were eliminated in the quarter-final.
References
1905 births
1987 deaths
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Piacenza
European Rowing Championships medalists
Tupkaragan District () is a district of Mangystau Region in south-western Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Fort-Shevchenko. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Mangystau Region
William Halsey Kinne (April 22, 1846 – March 16, 1943) was an American merchant and politician from New York.
Life
Kinne was born on April 22, 1846 in Romulus, New York. His parents, Mr. and Mrs. Silas Kinne, were pioneer settlers of south Seneca County.
Kinne attended Ovid Academy. He then moved to Ovid and worked as a coal and lumber dealer. He was a member of the Kinne Bros. firm, dealers of lumber, coal, builders' supplies, and farm machinery.
In 1891, Kinne was elected to the New York State Assembly as a Democrat, representing Seneca County. He served in the Assembly in 1892 and 1896. In 1913, he was appointed postmaster for the village of Ovid.
Kinne was married to Elnora Blaine. Their children were Mrs. John G. Gordon, Mrs. S. E. Mekell, Charles, and James B. For the last several years of his life, he lived with his son Charles in Waterloo.
Kinne died on March 16, 1943 at his son Charles' home in Waterloo. He was buried in the Ovid Union Cemetery.
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
19th-century American politicians
New York (state) Democrats
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) postmasters
1846 births
1943 deaths
People from Romulus, New York
People from Ovid, New York
People from Waterloo, New York
Burials in New York (state)
is a Japanese cinematographer. His work has mostly been in the action genre, but his first feature film was as an assistant on The Pornographers by Shohei Imamura. He worked on early Takashi Miike straight-to-video films such as Lady Hunter and A Human Murder Weapon, and then resumed working with Imamura as chief cinematographer for some of his last films such as Unagi and Dr. Akagi. He also did the cinematography for the 2013 TV series Neko Zamurai starring Kazuki Kitamura.
Awards
He received a Japan Film Technical Award (Nihon Eiga Gijutsushō) from the Motion Picture and Television Engineering Society of Japan for the cinematography for Unagi in 1997, and won the Japan Movie Critics Award for best cinematography in 2008 for Koi suru tomato.
Filmography
References
External links
Japanese cinematographers
1949 births
Living people
"Mme Pavoshko" is a song by Black M from his 2014 studio album Les Yeux plus gros que le monde. The song was also released as a single.
Writing and composition
The song was written by Renaud Rebillaud and Black M.
Track listing
Promo digital single (2014) – Wati B / Jive (Sony)
"Mme Pavoshko" (4:15)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2014 songs
2014 singles
Black M songs
French songs
Jive Records singles
Songs written by Renaud Rebillaud
The phrase "the disciple whom Jesus loved" (, ) or, in John 20:2; "the other disciple whom Jesus loved" (, ), is used six times in the Gospel of John, but in no other New Testament accounts of Jesus. states that the Gospel of John is based on the written testimony of this disciple.
Since the end of the first century, the Beloved Disciple has been commonly identified with John the Evangelist. Scholars have debated the authorship of Johannine literature (the Gospel of John, Epistles of John, and the Book of Revelation) since at least the third century, but especially since the Enlightenment. The authorship by John the Apostle is rejected by many modern scholars, but not entirely. There is a consensus among Johannine scholars that the Beloved Disciple was a real historical person, but there is no consensus on whom the beloved disciple was.
Sources
The disciple whom Jesus loved is referred to, specifically, six times in the Gospel of John:
It is this disciple who, while reclining beside Jesus at the Last Supper, asks Jesus who it is that will betray him, after being requested by Peter to do so.
Later at the crucifixion, Jesus tells his mother, "Woman, here is your son", and to the Beloved Disciple he says, "Here is your mother."
When Mary Magdalene discovers the empty tomb, she runs to tell the Beloved Disciple and Peter. The two men rush to the empty tomb and the Beloved Disciple is the first to reach it. However, Peter is the first to enter.
In John 21, the last chapter of the Gospel of John, the Beloved Disciple is one of seven fishermen involved in the miraculous catch of 153 fish.
Also in the book's final chapter, after Jesus implies the manner in which Peter will die, Peter sees the Beloved Disciple following them and asks, "What about him?" Jesus answers, "If I want him to remain until I come, what is that to you? You follow Me."
Again in the Gospel's last chapter, it states that the very book itself is based on the written testimony of the disciple whom Jesus loved.
The other Gospels do not mention anyone in parallel circumstances who could be directly linked to the Beloved Disciple. For example, in Luke 24:12, Peter runs to the tomb. Matthew, Mark, and Luke do not mention any one of the 12 disciples having witnessed the crucifixion.
Also, the New Testament makes two references to an unnamed "other disciple" in John 1:35-40 and John 18:15-16, which may be to the same person based on the wording in John 20:2.
Identity
John the Apostle
The closing words of the Gospel of John state explicitly concerning the Beloved Disciple that "It is this disciple who testifies to these things and has written them, and we know that his testimony is true."
Eusebius, writing in the fourth century, recorded in his Church History a letter which he believed to have been written by Polycrates of Ephesus () in the second century. Polycrates believed that John was the one "who reclined upon the bosom of the Lord"; suggesting an identification with the Beloved Disciple:
Augustine of Hippo (354 – 430 AD) also believed that John was the Beloved Disciple, in his Tractates on the Gospel of John.
The assumption that the Beloved Disciple was one of the Apostles is based on the observation that he was apparently present at the Last Supper, and Matthew and Mark state that Jesus ate with the Twelve. Thus, the most frequent identification is with John the Apostle, who would then be the same as John the Evangelist. Merril F. Unger presents a case for this by a process of elimination.
Nevertheless, while some modern academics continue to share the view of Augustine and Polycrates, a growing number do not believe that John the Apostle wrote the Gospel of John or indeed any of the other New Testament works traditionally ascribed to him, making this linkage of a 'John' to the beloved disciple difficult to sustain.
Some scholars have additionally suggested a homoerotic interpretation of Christ's relationship with the Beloved Disciple, although such a scriptural reading is disputed by others. Tilborg suggests that the portrait in the Gospel of John is "positively attuned to the development of possibly homosexual behaviour". However, he cautions that "in the code ... such imaginary homosexual behaviour is not an expression of homosexuality." Meanwhile, theologian Ismo Dunderberg has also explored the issue and argues that the absence of accepted Greek terms for "lover" and "beloved" discounts an erotic reading.
The relationship between Christ and John was certainly interpreted by some as being of a physical erotic nature as early as the 16th century (albeit in a heretical context) - documented, for example, in the trial for blasphemy of Christopher Marlowe, who was accused of claiming that "St. John the Evangelist was bedfellow to Christ and leaned always in his bosom, that he used him as the sinners of Sodoma". In accusing Marlowe of the "sinful nature" of homosexual acts, James I of England inevitably invited comparisons to his own erotic relationship with the Duke of Buckingham which he also compared with that of the Beloved Disciple. Finally, Francesco Calcagno, a friar of Venice faced trial and was executed in 1550 for claiming that "St. John was Christ's catamite".
Wayne Dynes also makes a link to the modern day where in the 1970s New York a popular religious group was established called the "Church of the Beloved Disciple", with the intention of giving a positive reading of the relationship to support respect for same-sex love.
Lazarus
The Beloved Disciple has also been identified with Lazarus of Bethany, based on : "Now Jesus loved Martha and her sister and Lazarus", and "Therefore his sisters sent unto him, saying, Lord, behold, he whom thou lovest is sick."
Also relevant according to Ben Witherington III is the fact that the character of the Beloved Disciple is not mentioned before the raising of Lazarus (Lazarus being raised in John 11, while the Beloved Disciple is first mentioned in John 13).
Frederick Baltz asserts that the Lazarus identification, the evidence suggesting that the Beloved Disciple was a priest, and the ancient John tradition are all correct. Baltz says the family of the children of Boethus, known from Josephus and rabbinic literature, is the same family we meet in the 11th chapter of the Gospel: Lazarus, Martha, and Mary of Bethany. This is a beloved family, according to . The historical Lazarus was Eleazar son of Boethus, who was once Israel's high priest, and from a clan that produced several high priests. The Gospel's author, John, was not a member of the Twelve, but the son of Martha (Sukkah 52b). He closely matches the description given by Bishop Polycrates in his letter, a sacrificing priest who wore the petalon (i.e., emblem of the high priest). This John "the Elder" was a follower of Jesus referred to by Papias of Hierapolis, and an eyewitness to his ministry. He was the right age to have lived until the time of Trajan (according to Irenaeus). Baltz says John is probably the disciple ον ηγαπα ο Ιησους, and Eleazar is the disciple ον εφιλει ο Ιησους in the Gospel.
Mary Magdalene
Ramon K. Jusino (1998) proposed that the Beloved Disciple in the Gospel of John really was originally Mary Magdalene. But as Matkin and others note Mary and the Beloved Disciple appear in the same scene in John 20.
To make this claim and maintain consistency with scripture, the theory is suggested that Mary's separate existence in the two common scenes with the Beloved Disciple and is due to later modifications, hastily done to authorize the Gospel in the late 2nd century ( in particular, as the Beloved Disciple's presence at the foot of the cross is mentioned only immediately after Mary Magdalene is named among the list of women also present and not prior, nor is he listed accompanying Jesus's mother at the cross prior to the listed women; only upon being acknowledged and commissioned by Jesus to look after his mother is the Beloved Disciple's presence established). Both scenes are claimed to have inconsistencies both internally and in reference to the synoptic Gospels. So, then, this rough editing might have been done to make Mary Magdalene and the Beloved Disciple appear as different persons.
In the Gospel of Mary, part of the New Testament apocrypha — specifically the Nag Hammadi library — a certain Mary who is commonly identified as Mary Magdalene is constantly referred to as being loved by Jesus more than the others. In the Gospel of Philip, another Gnostic Nag Hammadi text, the same is specifically said about Mary Magdalene.
Unknown priest or disciple
Brian J. Capper argues that the Beloved Disciple was a priestly member of a quasimonastic, mystical, and ascetic Jewish aristocracy, located on Jerusalem's prestigious southwest hill, who had hosted Jesus's last supper in that location, citing the scholar D.E.H. Whiteley, who deduced that the Beloved Disciple was the host at the last supper. Capper suggests, to explain the largely distinctive designation of the Beloved Disciple as one loved by Jesus, that the language of 'love' was particularly related to Jewish groups which revealed the distinctive social characteristics of 'virtuoso religion' in ascetic communities. The British scholar Richard Bauckham reaches the similar conclusion that the beloved disciple, who also authored the gospel attributed to John, was probably a literarily sophisticated member of the surprisingly extensive high priestly family clan.
Gerd Theissen and Annette Merz suggest the testimony may have come from a lesser known disciple, perhaps from Jerusalem.
James, brother of Jesus
James D. Tabor argues that the Beloved Disciple is James, brother of Jesus (the type of relative to Jesus, brother or cousin, depends on how one translates the word). One of several pieces of evidence Tabor offers is a literal interpretation of , "Then when Jesus saw His mother and the disciple whom He loved standing by, He said to His mother, Woman, behold your son." However, elsewhere in that gospel, the beloved disciple refers to the risen Jesus as "the Lord" rather than as "my brother".
Tabor also cites a passage of Jesus referring to James as "my beloved" (twice) in the apocryphal Second Apocalypse of James as indicating James to be the Beloved Disciple. This passage reads:
And Jesus kissed my mouth. He took hold of me saying: 'My beloved! Behold, I shall reveal to you those things that the heavens nor the angels have known. Behold, I shall reveal to you everything, my beloved. Behold, I shall reveal to you what is hidden. But now, stretch out your hand. Now, take hold of me'.
Reasons for concealing the identity by name
Theories about the reference usually include an attempt to explain why this anonymizing idiom is used at all, rather than stating an identity.
Suggestions accounting for this are numerous. One common proposal is that the author concealed his name due simply to modesty. Another is that concealment served political or security reasons, made necessary by the threat of persecution or embarrassment during the time of the gospel's publication. The author may have been a highly placed person in Jerusalem who was hiding his affiliation with Christianity, or the anonymity may have been appropriate for one living the withdrawn life of an ascetic, and one of the many unnamed disciples in the Gospel may have been either the Beloved Disciple himself or others under his guidance, who out of the humility of their ascetic commitment hid their identity or subsumed their witness under that of their spiritual master.
Martin L. Smith, a member of the Society of St. John the Evangelist, writes that the author of the Gospel of John may have deliberately obscured the identity of the Beloved Disciple so readers of the gospel may better identify with the disciple's relationship with Jesus:
Art
In art, the Beloved Disciple is often portrayed as a beardless youth, usually as one of the Twelve Apostles at the Last Supper or with Mary at the crucifixion. In some medieval art, the Beloved Disciple is portrayed with his head in Christ's lap. Many artists have given different interpretations of which has the disciple whom Jesus loved "reclining next to Jesus" (v. 23; more literally, "on/at his breast/bosom," en to kolpo).
References
Further reading
Baltz, Frederick W. The Mystery of the Beloved Disciple: New Evidence, Complete Answer. Infinity Publishing, 2010. .
Charlesworth, James H. The Beloved Disciple: Whose Witness Validates the Gospel of John?. Trinity Press, 1995. .
Smith, Edward R. The Disciple Whom Jesus Loved: Unveiling the Author of John's Gospel. Steiner Books/Anthroposophic Press, 2000. .
Sayings of Jesus
Followers of Jesus
New Testament words and phrases
Biblical phrases
Gospel of John
John the Apostle
Unnamed people of the Bible
James, brother of Jesus
Mary Magdalene
Batik is an Indonesian and Javanese textile coloring technique.
Batik may also refer to:
Batik (software), a graphics library
Batik Air, airline in Indonesia
Batik Island, Malaysia
Batik cake, a Malaysian dessert
Batik, the Tagalog word for Philippine tattoos as well as similar designs in textiles and art
See also
Batic (disambiguation)
Acrocercops tripolis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Indonesia (Java).
Original description
Wingspan 7 mm. Head white, collar pale ochreous-yellowish. Palpi somewhat roughened anteriorly, white, with rings of dark fuscous speckling at apex of second joint and middle of terminal. Basal joint of antennae with anterior tuft of scales. Thorax pale ochreous-yellowish, posterior third white. Abdomen whitish. Forewings very narrow, moderately pointed, acute; white, with some minute scattered fuscous specks; a costal dot of black irroration almost at base; moderate slightly oblique light ochreous-yellowish fasciae edged with some fuscous specks near base, before middle, and at 2 /3, third narrower; small blackish opposite spots on margins at 5/6, and a third in disc just before these; apex slightly yellowish-tinged: cilia grey-whitish, round apex finely speckled with grey. Hindwings light grey; cilia whitish-grey. Java, Pekalongan (van Deventer); one specimen.
References
tripolis
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1921
Nikitinka () is a rural locality () in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
The European Data Protection Board (EDPB) is a European Union independent body with juridical personality whose purpose is to ensure consistent application of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and to promote cooperation among the EU's data protection authorities. On 25 May 2018, the EDPB replaced the Article 29 Working Party.
Tasks
The EDPB remit includes issuing guidelines and recommendations, identifying best practices related to the interpretation and application of the GDPR, advising the European Commission on matters related to the protection of personal data in the European Economic Area (EEA), and adopting opinions to ensure the consistency of application of the GDPR by the national supervisory authorities, in particular on decisions having cross-border effects. Additionally, the EDPB is tasked with acting as a dispute resolution body in case of dispute between the national authorities cooperating on enforcement in the context of cross-border cases, encouraging the development of codes of conduct and establishing certification mechanisms in the field of data protection, and promoting cooperation and effective exchange of information and good practices among national supervisory authorities.
Chairmanship
The European Data Protection Board is represented by its Chair who is elected from the members of the Board by simple majority for a five-year term, renewable once. The same election procedure and term of office apply to the two deputy chairs.
Currently, the Chairmanship of the Board is held by:
Andrea Jelinek, Chair,
Ventsislav Karadjov, Deputy Chair
Aleid Wolfsen, Deputy Chair
EDPB Members
The Board is composed of representatives of the 27 EU and 3 EEA EFTA national data protection authorities and the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS).
External links
EDPB official website
European Commission website on the EDPB
European Union official website, EDPB
References
European Union law
Information privacy
Gareth Howell (born 6 January 1981) is a British racing driver, and multiple British Touring Car Championship race winner from 2000 to 2008.
Career
Howell drove his first kart aged 4 and began his racing career aged 8. He is a former British karting champion and European Cup winner, who finished 8th in the World Finals in 1995 from 35th on the grid setting the fastest lap on the way. During his karting career he raced alongside Jenson Button, Dan Wheldon, and his Zip Kart teammates Anthony Davidson and Gary Paffett.
At the age of 10, he told a TV programme that he wanted to race in the BTCC (not mentioning Formula One, which is a bigger draw for most star-struck youngsters).
At age 16 he graduated to the Fiesta si Championship and in 1998 moved up to the BTCC supporting Ford Credit Fiesta Championship. In 1998 he became the youngest race winner in the 20-year history of the Championship aged just 18. He was then runner-up in the 2000 championship and winner of the Junior Cup. His prize involved a test for the works Ford Mondeo BTCC super touring team, where he recorded a faster laptime that his Fiesta peers. He made occasional appearances in the 2000 season for GR Motorsport in a Ford Focus, running in the Production class, which was known as Class B at the time. 2001 was his first full season, being part of a four-car GR Motorsport entry into the Production Class. He finished fifth overall in his class, having taken a race win in round 16 of the series at Snetterton.
In 2002 he graduated to the main division of the championship, driving an MG ZS for Team Atomic Kitten run by established touring car outfit West Surrey Racing joined by fellow debutant Colin Turkington.
Despite outperforming and outscoring Turkington, at the end of the season he was dropped from the MG program because of funding, and found himself without a full-time drive for the 2003 season. He managed to secure a number of outings during the year, including at Silverstone as team-mate to Gavin Pyper at GA Motorsport, piloting a Vauxhall Astra Coupé. He completed the final 4 two-race rounds of the championship for Team Dynamics, also in a Vauxhall, scoring 2 Independents Cup wins.
He was planned to race for Dynamics in 2004, but after Vic Lee's team closed, Dan Eaves and his Halfords sponsorship replaced him. Howell sat out the 2004 and much of the 2005 seasons due to a lack of finance. Keen to remain with the team, he held Dan's pitboard for most of 2004.
He finally made his series return at Knockhill for Team Dynamics towards the end of 2005. He drove the team's third Honda Integra DC05 in three race weekends alongside the team's existing drivers Matt Neal and Eaves, setting pole position and taking his debut BTCC win at Silverstone, where he also set the fastest lap (and holds the lap record on the National Circuit. He had hoped to continue for Team Dynamics into 2006, but because of lack of funding he instead only raced in the final four rounds of the season.
At the final meeting of 2006 on the Silverstone National Circuit, Howell qualified on pole, and won the first race, before battling through the field in the third race for another victory.
For 2007, Howell wanted a full-time drive. He signed to drive a SEAT Toledo for Motorbase Performance, scoring the team's best result in finishing 5th in a 3-year-old car. He left the team mid-season, explaining that "It's a vicious circle. We needed to develop the car through testing to get further towards the front and out of the midfield melee, but we came back from each round with so much damage that then took all the time between races to repair. We'd then go out and experience the same problem all over again."
He started 2008 without a drive, but joined BTC Racing as their test and reserve driver early in the season. He races at Thruxton and Oulton Park in place of regular driver Stuart Oliver, in the same SEAT as he drove in 2007, however he scored no points and was eliminated from both meetings before the final races.
In 2008, Howell worked with Lipscomb Abarth racing an Abarth 500.
On Saturday 3 April 2008 at Oulton Park, Howell won the first ever Zing Trofeo Abarth 500 GB with a gap of 2.693 seconds.
Away from racing, from 2010-2020 Howell has worked as a test driver for McLaren Automotive, developing their supercar range. He now works as Chief Test Driver for Gordon Murray Automotive.
He is married to Laura, has a daughter called Lily, and a son called Josh.
Racing record
Complete British Touring Car Championship results
(key) Races in bold indicate pole position (1 point awarded 2000–2002 all races, 2003–present just for first race, 2000–2001 in class) Races in italics indicate the fastest lap (1 point awarded – 2001–present all races, 2000–2001 in class) * signifies that driver lead race for at least one lap (1 point given 2001–2002 just for feature race, 2003–present all races, 2001 for leading in class)
Britcar 24 Hour results
References
External links
Official website
Profile at BTCCPages.com
Profile
Gareth Howell and Lipscomb win first Zing Trofeo Abarth Race
Gareth Howell's blog
British Touring Car Championship drivers
1981 births
British racing drivers
Living people
Porsche Carrera Cup GB drivers
Candler County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 10,998. The county seat is Metter. The county was founded in 1914 and named for Allen D. Candler, the 56th governor of Georgia.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.3%) is water.
The majority of Candler County is located in the Canoochee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin. The western edge of the county, west of State Route 57, is located in the Ohoopee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Major highways
Interstate 16
State Route 23
State Route 46
State Route 57
State Route 121
State Route 129
State Route 404 (unsigned designation for I-16)
Adjacent counties
Bulloch County (east)
Evans County (southeast)
Tattnall County (south)
Emanuel County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 9,577 people, 3,375 households, and 2,426 families living in the county. The population density was 39 people per square mile (15/km2). There were 3,893 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 65.45% White, 27.08% Black or African American, 0.19% Native American, 0.28% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 6.16% from other races, and 0.81% from two or more races. 9.21% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,375 households, out of which 33.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.80% were married couples living together, 14.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.10% were non-families. 23.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.17.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.80% under the age of 18, 9.40% from 18 to 24, 26.10% from 25 to 44, 22.50% from 45 to 64, and 15.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 100.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,022, and the median income for a family was $30,705. Males had a median income of $24,482 versus $18,750 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,958. About 21.40% of families and 26.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 36.90% of those under age 18 and 22.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 10,998 people, 4,041 households, and 2,793 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,761 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 65.9% white, 24.4% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 8.0% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 11.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 10.6% were Irish, 9.4% were English, 8.2% were German, and 4.6% were American.
Of the 4,041 households, 35.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were married couples living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.9% were non-families, and 25.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.15. The median age was 37.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,828 and the median income for a family was $39,105. Males had a median income of $31,348 versus $23,044 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,068. About 18.5% of families and 22.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.7% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 10,981 people, 4,013 households, and 2,775 families residing in the county.
Education
Communities
City
Metter (county seat)
Town
Pulaski
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Candler County, Georgia
References
External links
Candler County
Candler County historical marker
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1914 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1914
Batman: The Ride is an inverted roller coaster based on the DC Comics character Batman and found at seven Six Flags theme parks in the United States. Built by consulting engineers Bolliger & Mabillard, it rises to a height of between and reaches top speeds of . The original roller coaster at Six Flags Great America was partially devised by the park's general manager Jim Wintrode. Batman: The Ride was the world's first inverted roller coaster when it opened in 1992, and has since been awarded Coaster Landmark status by the American Coaster Enthusiasts. Clones of the ride exist at amusement parks around the world.
History
The concept of an inverted roller coaster with inversions was developed by Jim Wintrode, the general manager of Six Flags Great America, in the early 1990s. To develop the idea for the park, Wintrode worked with Walter Bolliger and Claude Mabillard – from Swiss roller coaster manufacturer Bolliger & Mabillard – and engineer Robert Mampe. The ride soft opened to the public on May 2, 1992, with an official opening one week later on May 9. The ride cost 7 million dollars to build. At the time, it was the single biggest investment made by Six Flags Great America on one attraction.
Following the ride's success, then-parent company Time Warner devised an expansion plan to install clones of the original at the rest of the US parks in the Six Flags chain throughout the 1990s. In 1992, Six Flags Great Adventure announced the addition of Batman: The Ride in place of Lightnin' Loops. It opened to the general public on May 1, 1993. Six Flags Magic Mountain opened their installation on March 26, 1994.
On September 7, 1994, Six Flags St. Louis announced that they would be receiving their installation of Batman: The Ride. The attraction opened on April 22, 1995 and was the first location to feature a unique queue line. Six Flags Over Georgia announced the ride in 1996 as part of a new Gotham City section, which became the largest investment in 30 years for the park. It opened for the first time on May 3, 1997.
Six Flags Over Texas announced a copy of Batman: The Ride on November 4, 1998. The ride would sit next to Mr. Freeze, being located towards the back of the park in a new Gotham City area. Batman: The Ride made its debut at Six Flags Over Texas on May 26, 1999. This location features a unique loading station themed as the Wayne Foundation Industrial Park, unlike the others which are labeled Gotham Public Works. As new Batman films were being released, Six Flags St. Louis opened their installation to coincide with 1995's Batman Forever, while Six Flags Over Georgia debuted theirs to coincide with 1997's Batman & Robin.
In 2002, La Ronde in Montreal opened a mirror clone of the ride under the name Le Vampire (The Vampire). The name was the result of La Ronde, which is not a branded Six Flags park, lacking the necessary brand licensing agreement with Warner Bros. and DC Comics. It was expected to receive the Batman label when the park was scheduled to be converted to a Six Flags park in the mid-2000s, however, the plans were abandoned. Also in 2002, Warner Bros. Movie World Madrid opened another clone named Batman: La Fuga (Batman: The Escape).
The final installation was constructed at Six Flags New Orleans in 2003, which was formerly located at Japanese amusement park Thrill Valley, where it operated as Gambit from 1995 to 2002. In 2005, the effects of Hurricane Katrina resulted in Six Flags abandoning the New Orleans park. The coaster remained abandoned for two years and was then relocated to Six Flags Fiesta Texas, where it was refurbished and repainted. The ride reopened as Goliath on April 18, 2008.
From 2013 to 2015, the Batman: The Ride coasters at five locations operated backwards at different times throughout the three years. On February 1, 2018, it was announced that the St. Louis location would run backwards for the first half of the 2018 season.
Installations
Characteristics
Structure
The original installation of the ride at Six Flags Great America features a maximum height of , while the installations to follow reached . Each installation of Batman: The Ride has a track length of approximately . The rides reach a top speed of and exert up to four times the force of gravity. There are five inversions, which are two vertical loops, a zero-g roll and two corkscrews.
Batman: The Ride clones operate with two steel and fiberglass trains, each containing eight cars. Each car seats four riders in a single row for a total of 32 riders per train.
The ride's original layout was specifically designed to fit in the Yankee Harbor (now DC Universe) themed area at Six Flags Great America, on the space previously occupied by Tidal Wave. The layout for each successive attraction is either identical or a mirror image of the original.
Color scheme
While some later Batman: The Ride clones opened with dark blue track and supports, the originals were all black. Over the years there have been modifications in Batman: The Ride color schemes, with more incorporating yellows, blues and purples. The original ride at Six Flags Great America retained the original black color scheme until 2004, when the track was painted yellow and supports dark purple. Six Flags Great Adventure's originally featured a black color scheme with yellow rails until 2004, when the track was repainted yellow. For the 2010 season, the clone at Six Flags Magic Mountain was repainted medium blue with black supports. As of 2019, the only installation of Batman: The Ride to retain its all-black color scheme is Six Flags St. Louis.
Ride experience
Queue
The decorative theme of Batman: The Ride attempts to capture the spirit of the fictional Gotham City for those queuing to board the ride. As the queue moves through Gotham City Park, the theme transitions from bright and peaceful, to dark and ominous. Modeled after Nigel Phelps' award-winning art direction on the 1989 film Batman, the atmosphere indicates a crime-ridden and dirty environment, with discarded pieces of equipment, crumbling concrete, and in some versions, a Gotham City Police Department car riddled with bullet holes. After the outside queue, guests enter the ride structure through an entrance themed after access to a storm drain. The ride passenger loading area is modeled after Batman's Batcave and features a replica of the Batsuit from the 1989 film.
Layout
Batman: The Ride begins with the track floor in the station descending. The train moves out of the station and up a chain lift hill. At the top of the hill, the train dips down through a Bolliger & Mabillard pre-drop, coasts down a 190-degree swoop to the left and drops into the first vertical loop. It then flips through a Heartline Spin (zero-G roll), followed by another vertical loop. The train then travels upward around a tight spiral to the left, then through a wider turn to the right, drops slightly and quickly turns through the first corkscrew (referred to as a "flatspin" by the manufacturer). Following this is a tight right turn and another flatspin, then a tight left turnaround before the train enters the final brake run.
Incidents
On May 26, 2002, a 58-year-old park employee working in the roller coaster's restricted area at Six Flags Over Georgia was killed after being struck in the head by the dangling leg of a 14-year-old girl riding in the front. The girl was hospitalized with a leg injury.
On June 28, 2008, a 17-year-old South Carolina teenager was decapitated after being struck by the Batman roller coaster at Six Flags Over Georgia. The teen, who was on a trip to the park with his church's youth group, scaled two fences with a friend into a restricted area and walked into the ride's path. Although witnesses stated he was trying to retrieve his hat, a Cobb County police spokesman reported the teens were attempting to take a shortcut into the park.
Reception
Batman: The Ride has generally received positive reviews. The Dallas Morning News stated the ride "is proof that new thrills on the cutting edge of technology generate excitement". They also praise the theme of the "smooth-riding coaster" stating "the mysterious crime-fighter is a proven crowd-pleaser". American Coaster Enthusiasts have also praised the ride, awarding it Coaster Landmark status in 2005. They describe the ride as a "revolutionary design" which offers "unprecedented intensity, while maintaining remarkable smoothness, comfort, and pacing". Ultimate Rollercoaster describes Batman: The Ride as "the ride of your life". They state "the sensation created by an inverted coaster is very different from that of traditional roller coasters. It is a sensation that every coaster fan must experience".
Awards
In Amusement Todays Golden Ticket Awards for Best Steel Roller Coasters, Batman: The Ride ranked in the late 1990s before dropping off the poll and returning once in 2005. The original installation at Six Flags Great America was ranked 23 and 25 in 1998 and 1999, before returning in 2005 at position 45. In 1998, the Six Flags Great Adventure and Six Flags St. Louis installations ranked 19 and 21, respectively.
Notes
References
External links
Official website for first installation, Six Flags Great America
Steel roller coasters
Inverted roller coasters
Mass-produced roller coasters
Roller coasters in Illinois
Roller coasters in New Jersey
Roller coasters in California
Roller coasters in Missouri
Roller coasters in Georgia (U.S. state)
Roller coasters in Texas
Former roller coasters in Louisiana
Roller coasters introduced in 1992
Roller coasters introduced in 1993
Roller coasters introduced in 1994
Roller coasters introduced in 1995
Roller coasters introduced in 1997
Roller coasters introduced in 1999
Roller coasters introduced in 2003
Amusement rides that closed in 2005
Roller coasters operated by Six Flags
Amusement rides based on film franchises
Amusement rides based on television franchises
Six Flags Great America
Six Flags Great Adventure
Six Flags Magic Mountain
Six Flags New Orleans
Six Flags Over Georgia
Six Flags Over Texas
Six Flags St. Louis
Batman in amusement parks
Warner Bros. Global Brands and Experiences attractions
Inverted roller coasters manufactured by Bolliger & Mabillard
Slastnichikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 7 as of 2002.
Geography
Slastnichikha is located 31 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Konyukhovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Oregon Ballot Measure 59 was an initiated state statute ballot measure sponsored by Bill Sizemore that appeared on the November 4, 2008 general election ballot in Oregon, United States. If it had passed, Oregon would have joined Alabama, Iowa, and Louisiana as the only states to allow federal income taxes to be fully deducted on state income tax returns.
Background
Official Ballot Title
The official ballot title is: Creates an unlimited deduction for federal income taxes on individual taxpayers' Oregon income-tax returns.
History
This is the third time Sizemore has put a similar measure on the ballot. In 2000, he qualified Measure 91, which would have made federal income taxes fully deductible on state taxes. It lost 55–45, but a legislative referral that increased limited state deductions of federal taxes passed. In 2007, the limit on federal deductions was $5,600 — it increases each year indexed to inflation.
In 2006, Sizemore associate Russ Walker introduced Measure 41, which would have allowed "income tax deduction equal to federal exemptions deduction to substitute for state exemption credit." It failed 63–37.
Along with Measures 60 and 64, Measure 59 is one of the three initiatives on the 2008 ballot that Sizemore has brought to the ballot in the past.
Newspaper Endorsements
Here is how Oregon's major newspapers have endorsed on Measure 59:
No Oregon newspapers have endorsed a yes vote on Measure 59.
Specific provisions of the initiative
The ballot title is "An Act to Prohibit Double Taxation". Specific provisions include:
Adding Section 1 to the Oregon Revised Statutes. Prohibition on Double Taxation. Whereas it is unjust for one government to impose an income tax on money a taxpayer has been required to pay to another government as an income tax; therefore, for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2010, no Oregon taxpayer shall be required to pay to the state, a local government, or other taxing district, an income tax of any kind on money paid to the federal government as federal income taxes. All money paid to the federal government to satisfy, wholly or in part, a taxpayer's federal income tax obligation for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2010 shall be fully deductible against income on the taxpayer's Oregon income tax return. This section applies only to (i) federal income taxes paid on income subject to tax in Oregon, and (ii) federal income taxes, including capital gains taxes, paid by individuals. This section does not apply to corporate income taxes or corporate excise taxes.
Adding Section 2 to the Oregon Revised Statutes. This 2008 Act supersedes any existing law or rule with which it conflicts. If any phrase, clause or part of this 2008 Act is determined to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining phrases, clauses, and parts shall remain in full force and effect.
Estimated fiscal impact
The state's Financial Estimate Committee prepares estimated fiscal impact statements for any ballot measures that will appear on the ballot. The estimate prepared by this committee for Measure 58 says:
Measure 59 would benefit about a quarter of Oregon taxpayers.
It would lower state revenues by $1.3 billion in the 2009-2011 biennium and $2.4 billion in the 2011-2013 biennium.
The state budget would have to make up those reduced revenues in its general fund which pays for education, health care for children, the elderly, and the disabled, and public safety.
Other fiscal estimates
The Oregon Center for Public Policy (OCPP) issued a separate financial impact study. Features of their report:
OCPP says the overall cost would be $1.1 billion rather than the $1.3 billion estimate provided by the government.
22 percent of Oregon's taxpayers would see a savings from Measure 59.
Households with annual incomes exceeding $82,200 would receive 97% of the savings under the plan.
Proponents
Bill Sizemore, Timothy R. Trickey and R. Russell Walker are the measure's chief petitioners.
The committee that put Measure 59 on the ballot was called "Stop the Double Tax". There is no committee currently supporting the ballot measure.
Arguments Supporting Measure 59
This measure would save taxpayers over $1.3 billion over the next two years.
Tax cuts allow families and business to keep more of their own money, which reduces the need for government program spending.
Donors supporting Measure 59
The Oregonian reported in September 2007 that Nevada millionaire Loren Parks was the leading contributor to the effort to put Measure 59 and other measures on the ballot. According to the newspaper, Parks gave money directly to the signature gathering firm, rather than to Sizemore directly. A court injunction stemming from a 2000 fraud case prevents Sizemore from spending money directly on politics, although he told Oregon Public Broadcasting in May 2008 that he "found a way to put the measures on the ballot and give voters those choices without me actually handling the money. And so I'm still able to put measures on the ballot, I just have to do it in a sort of round-about way."
Opponents
Measure 59 is opposed by the Defend Oregon, which includes the American Heart Association, 1000 Friends of Oregon, AARP Oregon, Children First for Oregon, and others.
Arguments against Measure 59
Notable arguments that have been made against Measure 59 include:
"There are many good wealthy folks who will not suffer with the failure of Measure 59. Society as a whole, however, will suffer mightily if it passes", said Gary Stutzman of the Hillsboro Argus.
Because the measure would reduce overall tax revenues for the state, it would reduce the amount of money available for the state's most vulnerable populations, who rely on government programs for various types of assistance.
For the same reason, state spending on public safety programs would likely have to be reduced.
The $1.1 billion (or $1.3 billion) cost estimate is equivalent to the total funding that Oregon's public universities will receive from the state in the current biennium or to cutting the salaries of all Oregon K-12 public school teachers by 70 percent.
In addition to not benefiting a majority of taxpayers, Measure 59 actually increases taxes on about 120,000 people, mostly retirees, according to the Oregon Center for Public Policy.
Donors opposing Measure 59
Defend Oregon, as a committee, is fighting seven different ballot measures, and supporting two others. As a result, it is not possible to discern how much of its campaign spending is going specifically to defeat Measure 58. Altogether, the group has raised $9 million in 2008.
Major donations to the Defend Oregon group as of October 23 include:
$5.2 million from the Oregon Education Association.,
$1.2 million from SEIU.
$450,000, American Federation of Teachers
$600,000, AFSCME.
$100,000 from School Employees Exercising Democracy (SEED)
$100,000 from the AFL-CIO.
$50,000 from Oregon AFSCME Council 75.
Petition drive history
The office of the Oregon Secretary of State announced on June 16, 2008 that its unofficial signature verification process showed that the initiative's supporters had turned in 83,136 valid signatures, versus a requirement of 82,769 signatures. This represented a validity rate of 64.76% calculated over the 128,380 signatures turned in. The measure formally qualified for the ballot on August 2.,
A union-funded watchdog group asked the Oregon Secretary of State to conduct an investigation into how some of the signatures on the measure were collected. Bill Bradbury, the Secretary of State has said, ""...most all of the initiatives Oregon voters will decide this fall got there through practices that are now illegal. But those practices were legal at the time most of the signatures were submitted." The state's Election Division is investigating the charges.
Further reading
Effects of Measure 59 would harm Oregon
Oregon income tax measure could impact many
Notes
External links
Note:: ''This article was taken from Ballotpedia's article about Oregon Ballot Measure 59
Basic information
Oregon Voters' Pamphlet for Measure 59 includes Financial Estimate Summary
2008 General Election Measures: Voter Guide
Initiative details and status from the Secretary of State
Supporters
Bill Sizemore's official website
Opponents
Website for the Defend Oregon Coalition
2008 Oregon ballot measures
Taxation in Oregon
Initiatives in the United States
Frances Helen Manners, Dowager Duchess of Rutland (née Sweeny; born 1937), is a British peeress and the widow of Charles Manners, 10th Duke of Rutland. Following her husband's death in 1999, she has been known as The Dowager Duchess of Rutland.
Early life and family
Frances Helen Sweeny was born in 1937 in Marylebone Lane, London, to American amateur golfer, socialite and businessman Charles Francis Sweeny and his wife, debutante Margaret Whigham. Her mother had suffered eight miscarriages and given birth to a stillborn daughter prior to her birth. She was baptised in the Roman Catholic Church on 21 July 1937 at the Brompton Oratory. She had one younger brother, Brian Charles (born 1940 who died on 21 October 2021).
Her parents divorced in 1947 and her mother subsequently married The 11th Duke of Argyll in 1951.
Marriage and family
On 15 May 1958, Sweeny married Charles Manners, 10th Duke of Rutland at Caxton Hall. They had four children:
David Charles Robert Manners, 11th Duke of Rutland (b. 8 May 1959), married Emma Watkins, and has issue
Lord Robert George Manners (18 June 1961 – 28 February 1964)
Lady Helen Theresa Margaret Manners (b. 11 November 1962), married Dr. John Chipman, and had issue
Lord Edward John Francis Manners (b. 29 May 1965), married Gabrielle Ross, and had issue
The Duchess was widowed in 1999.
References
1937 births
English socialites
English duchesses by marriage
English Roman Catholics
English people of Scottish descent
English people of American descent
People from Marylebone
Living people
Cora is a large genus of basidiolichens in the family Hygrophoraceae. Modern molecular phylogenetics research has revealed a rich biodiversity in this largely tropical genus.
Taxonomy
Cora was originally circumscribed by the Swedish "Father of Mycology", Elias Magnus Fries, in 1825. He included a single species, until then known as Thelephora pavonia . Until relatively recently, Cora was thought to contain one species, or was placed into synonymy with Dictyonema. Cora was recognized as an independent genus separate from Dictyonema in 2013. Molecular phylogenetic analysis using DNA barcoding of the internal transcribed spacer region has revealed the existence of almost 200 species in the genus, and about 450 species are predicted to exist.
Habitat and distribution
Mexico and (at least formerly) Florida are the northernmost distribution points for the genus Cora, while its southernmost locale is southern Chile. It has its highest biodiversity in the northern Andes. Biogeographic data suggests that Cora originated in South America and expanded eastward. The vast majority (95%) of the known species are found in the Americas, but the genus has also been recorded from tropical Africa, tropical Asia, and South Atlantic islands. Twelve species and subspecies have been described from Mexico; the only species known to have occurred north of Mexico is the possibly extinct Cora timucua, which is known to have formerly existed in Florida.
Species
, Species Fungorum accepts 90 species in genus Cora.
Cora accipiter – northern Andes, South America
Cora applanata – northern Andes, South America
Cora arachnodavidea – Colombia
Cora arachnoidea – northern Andes; Costa Rican Cordilleras
Cora arborescens – Costa Rica
Cora arcabucana – Colombia
Cora aspera – Costa Rica; Colombia; Ecuador; Bolivia; Peru
Cora aturucoa – Colombia
Cora auriculeslia – Ecuador
Cora barbifera – Colombia
Cora barbulata
Cora benitoana – Oaxaca, Mexico
Cora boleslia – central Andes, Bolivia
Cora buapana – Oaxaca, Mexico
Cora byssoidea – Colombia
Cora caliginosa – Peru
Cora campestris – Brazil
Cora canari – Ecuador
Cora caraana – Brazil
Cora casanarensis – Colombia
Cora casasolana – Oaxaca, Mexico
Cora caucensis – Colombia
Cora celestinoa – Colombian Andes
Cora ciferrii
Cora comaltepeca – Oaxaca, Mexico
Cora corani – Bolivia
Cora corelleslia – Colombia
Cora crispoleslia – northern Andes (Colombia, Ecuador)
Cora cuzcoensis – Peru
Cora cyphellifera – Ecuador
Cora dalehana – Colombia
Cora davibogotana – Colombia
Cora davicrinita – northern Andes (Colombia, Ecuador)
Cora davidia – northern Andes (Colombia and Ecuador)
Cora dewisanti – northern Andes (Venezuela to Ecuador)
Cora dulcis – Oaxaca, Mexico
Cora elephas – Colombia; Ecuador
Cora fimbriata – Colombia
Cora fuscodavidiana – Colombia
Cora galapagoensis – Galapagos Islands
Cora garagoa – Colombia
Cora gigantea – Colombia
Cora glabrata
Cora gomeziana – Costa Rica
Cora guajalitensis – Ecuador
Cora guzmaniana – Oaxaca, Mexico
Cora hafecesweorthensis – Colombia
Cora haledana – Costa Rica
Cora hawksworthiana – Chile; Colombia; Costa Rica
Cora hirsuta
Cora hochesuordensis – Bolivia
Cora hymenocarpa – Costa Rica
Cora imi – Costa Rica
Cora inversa – Colombia
Cora itabaiana – Brazil
Cora ixtlanensis – Oaxaca, Mexico
Cora lawreyana – Veracruz, Mexico
Cora leslactuca – Colombia
Cora marusae – Oaxaca, Mexico
Cora maxima – Bolivia
Cora minor
Cora minutula – Ecuador
Cora palaeotropica – Sri Lanka
Cora palustris – Costa Rica
Cora parabovei – Bolivia
Cora paraciferrii – northern Andes (Colombia and Venezuela)
Cora paraminor – Costa Rica
Cora pastorum – Colombia
Cora pavonia
Cora pichinchensis – Ecuadorian Andes
Cora pikynasa – Colombia
Cora pseudobovei – Bolivia
Cora pseudocorani – Bolivia
Cora putumayensis – Colombia
Cora quillacinga – Colombia
Cora rothesiorum – Colombia
Cora rubrosanguinea – Ecuador
Cora sanctae-helenae – Saint Helena
Cora santacruzensis – Galapagos, Ecuador
Cora schizophylloides – Colombia
Cora setosa – Colombia
Cora smaragdina – Costa Rica
Cora soredavidia – Costa Rica
Cora squamiformis – Ecuadorian and Bolivian high Andes
Cora strigosa – Peru
Cora subdavicrinita – northern Andes (Colombia, Ecuador)
Cora suturifera – Ecuador
Cora terrestris – Costa Rica
Cora terricoleslia – Bolivia
Cora timucua – Florida, United States (possibly extinct)
Cora totonacorum – Veracruz, Mexico
Cora trindadensis – Ilha da Trindade (Brazil)
Cora udebeceana – Colombia
Cora undulata – Colombia
Cora urceolata – Colombia
Cora verjonensis – Colombia
Cora viliewoa – Costa Rica; Colombia; Ecuador
Cora yukiboa – Puerto Rico
Cora zapotecorum – Oaxaca, Mexico
References
Cited literature
Agaricales genera
Lichen genera
Taxa named by Elias Magnus Fries
Taxa described in 1825
Basidiolichens
Quite Contrary is the seventh studio album, ninth album overall, by American queercore band Pansy Division, it was released on September 9, 2016 by Alternative Tentacles.
Track listing
Personnel
Pansy Division
Jon Ginoli – guitar, vocals
Chris Freeman – bass, vocals
Luis Illades – drums, percussion
Joel Reader – lead guitar, vocals
2016 albums
Pansy Division albums
Thamanya Sayadaw U Vinaya () was a prominent and influential Burmese Buddhist monk of Pa-O descent, best known for his doctrinal emphasis on metta.
He was first ordained as a novice at the age of 13 and received higher ordination on 3 June 1932 at the age of 20. He established a monastery and meditation retreat near his hometown, on Thamanya Hill, where he taught meditation and discourses. The area around his monastery was declared a sanctuary () where nonviolence and vegetarianism were practiced. By the mid-1980s, followers established a thriving community around Thamanya Hill, comprising 5,000 households in the late 1990s, as the Sayadaw doled out free land tracts around his monastery.
In 1991, the Burmese government conferred him the title "Abhidhaja Agga Maha Saddhamma Jotika" for his charity and missionary works. He was known for his education and infrastructure projects, including the construction of the Thanlwin Bridge, a road that connects Myawaddy to Mae Sot and his sponsorship of local schools. However, he publicly criticized the ruling State Law and Order Restoration Council, refused its patronage and invitations to visit Yangon, while he publicly expressed support for Aung San Suu Kyi.
He died on 29 November 2003 and had suffered from diabetes and heart problems. On 2 April 2008, his corpse was mysteriously removed from tomb. Four days later, the unknown perpetrators notified monks that the corpse had been burnt, and was found at the site of a small stupa in Kawkada village. This act was widely considered a yadaya ritual.
References
1910 births
2003 deaths
Buddhist abbots
Burmese Buddhist monks
People from Kayin State
20th-century Buddhist monks
21st-century Buddhist monks
20th-century Burmese people
21st-century Burmese people
White Township is a township in Benton County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
White Township was formed on November 12, 1838, taking its name from Judge William White, one of the first settlers, and then county judge.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Benton County, Missouri
Northwest Science Museum is a creationist museum in Idaho. It opened on June 14, 2014. The museum's directors plan to create a 350,000 square foot facility including a full-scale model of Noah's Ark near Boise, Idaho, replacing the museum's current "Vision Center" near the state capitol in Boise. The museum's founders say that their collection of Ica stones offer proof that humans and dinosaurs coexisted, that out-of-place artifacts constitute "damaging evidences [sic] against evolution", and they can show with other evidence the Earth is 6,000 years old and it was physically possible for Noah to bring dinosaurs on board the Ark.
Inspiration
Fundraising documents published by the founders cite the Creation Museum in Kentucky as establishing the viability of a similar concern in Idaho.
Collection
The museum's collection includes petrified wood, fossil dinosaur eggs, the Ica stones mentioned above and a replica of the "Lone Star" mastodon skull. They present the fossils as having been formed about 4,500 years ago in the Biblical Flood.
Criticism
Almost three years before the museum opened, Hemant Mehta said "this place is going to be ripe for mockery...misnamed twice over — it's not science and it's hardly a museum". The Raw Story called Northwest Science Museum's Ica stones "fraudulent" and "a favorite artifact of many conspiracy theorists". London's The Independent newspaper filed the museum's opening under "weird news". A Salon.com editorial called it "beyond frustrating [n]ot just because of the pseudo-science dribbling out, but the fact that young children are being fed nonsense under the guise of 'true science'". Salon also found "much to take issue with — right down to the organization's misleading use of the terms 'science' and 'museum.'"
References
Further reading
External links
(November 22, 2014)
Creationist museums in the United States
Museums in Boise, Idaho
Museums established in 2014
2014 establishments in Idaho
Sean Phillips is a special effects artist. He was nominated at the 83rd Academy Awards in the category of Best Visual Effects, for the film Alice in Wonderland, along with Ken Ralston, David Schaub and Carey Villegas.
Selected filmography
Outbreak (1995)
Stuart Little 2 (2002)
Bad Boys II (2003)
Alice in Wonderland (2010)
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Special effects people
During George H. W. Bush's term in office as the president of the United States of America, he nominated 11 individuals for 10 different federal appellate judgeships who were not processed by the Democratic-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee. The Republicans claim that Senate Democrats of the 102nd Congress on purpose tried to keep open particular judgeships as a political maneuver to allow a future Democratic president to fill them. All 10 of the judgeships were eventually filled with Clinton nominees, although one nominee, Roger Gregory, was nominated by Clinton and then renominated by President George W. Bush. None of the nominees were nominated after July 1, 1992, the traditional start date of the unofficial Thurmond Rule during a presidential election year. Senator Orrin Hatch, the Republican leader of the Senate Judiciary Committee during the 106th Congress mentioned the controversy over President George H.W. Bush's court of appeals nominees during the following controversy involving the confirmation of any more Democratic court of appeals nominees during the last two years of President Bill Clinton's second term.
List of unsuccessful federal judicial nominations
Bush made 56 nominations for federal judgeships that were not confirmed by the Senate. All 56 expired at an adjournment of the Senate, including 53 that were pending at the close of the 102nd Congress. Twenty of his unsuccessful nominees were subsequently nominated to federal judgeships by other presidents, and 18 of them were confirmed.
Failed appellate nominees
United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
Pennsylvania seat - Franklin Stuart Van Antwerpen (judgeship later filled by Clinton nominee Theodore McKee) (Van Antwerpen later was nominated to a different Third Circuit seat by President George W. Bush in 2003, confirmed in 2004 and assumed senior status in 2006)
Pennsylvania seat - Jay Waldman (judgeship later filled by Clinton nominee H. Lee Sarokin)
United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
North Carolina seat - Terrence Boyle (judgeship later filled by Clinton nominee Roger Gregory of Virginia after being renominated by Bush in 2001) (Boyle was renominated to a different seat on the Fourth Circuit by President George W. Bush but was never confirmed)
Virginia seat - Lillian BeVier (judgeship later filled by Clinton nominee Diana Jane Gribbon Motz)
United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
Texas seat - Sidney A. Fitzwater (judgeship later filled by Clinton nominee Fortunato Benavides)
United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
Michigan seat - John Smietanka (judgeship later filled by Clinton nominee Martha Craig Daughtrey of Tennessee)
Ohio seat - Justin Wilson of Tennessee (judgeship later filled by Clinton nominee Karen Nelson Moore of Ohio, while the then-vacant and newly created Tennessee seat was eventually filled by Clinton nominee Martha Craig Daughtrey)
United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
Oklahoma seat - Frank Keating (judgeship later filled by Clinton nominee Robert Harlan Henry)
United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit
Florida seat - Kenneth Ryskamp, followed by Federico A. Moreno (judgeship later filled by Clinton nominee Rosemary Barkett)
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
John Roberts (judgeship later filled by Clinton nominee Judith Ann Wilson Rogers) (Roberts was renominated and confirmed to a different seat on the D.C. Circuit under President George W. Bush; later, he was nominated and confirmed as the Chief Justice of the United States under George W. Bush)
See also
George H. W. Bush Supreme Court candidates
United States federal judge
Judicial appointment history for the United States federal courts
Deaths of the United States federal judges in active service
References
judicial appointments
Bush, George H. W.
Typhistes is a genus of sheet weavers that was first described by Eugène Louis Simon in 1894.
Species
it contains four species:
Typhistes antilope Simon, 1894 – Sri Lanka
Typhistes comatus Simon, 1894 (type) – Sri Lanka
Typhistes elephas Berland, 1922 – Ethiopia
Typhistes gloriosus Jocqué, 1984 – South Africa
See also
List of Linyphiidae species (Q–Z)
References
Araneomorphae genera
Linyphiidae
Spiders of Africa
Spiders of Asia
The Telegraph Fire is a wildfire that started near Superior, Arizona on June 4, 2021. The fire burned and was fully contained on July 3, 2021. It was the largest wildfire in the United States of the 2021 wildfire season until being surpassed by the Bootleg Fire in Oregon on July 13, 2021.
Events
June
The Telegraph Fire was first reported at around 1:30 pm MST on June 4, 2021.
Cause
The fire is believed to be human-caused, but it is still under further investigation.
Containment
On July 3, 2021, the Telegraph Fire reached 100% containment.
Aftermath
Impact
Closures and Evacuations
The Telegraph Fire has led to a number of closures and evacuations.
On June 6, 2021, residents in Top-of-the-World and the Oaks Mobile Home and RV Park were ordered to evacuate. Later that same day, all Miami residents west of the Miami town limits were ordered to evacuate. On June 14, 2021, residents of El Capitan, Arizona were ordered to evacuate.
State Route 77 is closed in both directions between the State Route 177 junction in Winkelman and US 70. State Route 177 is closed between US 60 in Superior and State Route 77 in Winkelman.
Damage
As of June 19, 2021, 51 structures have been destroyed by the fire, including 22 buildings in El Capitan.
See also
2021 Arizona wildfires
List of Arizona wildfires
Mescal Fire, another large wildfire burning near the Telegraph Fire
References
Wildfires in Arizona
2021 North American wildfires
June 2021 events in the United States
Baramura also known as Hatai Kotor is a hill range in Tripura, India. Baramura also known for its great Hornbill. The 8 National Highway(Assam-Agartala road) cross through the Baramura hill range. Baramura has a gas thermal and power plant.
Park
Baramura Eco-Park, is an Eco-Park 40 Kilometers far away from Agartala the capital of Tripura.
References
Mountains of Tripura
Val-des-Lacs (meaning "Valley of Lakes") is a municipality in the Laurentides region of Quebec, Canada, part of the Les Laurentides Regional County Municipality.
Demographics
Population trend:
Population in 2011: 721 (2006 to 2011 population change: -7.3%)
Population in 2006: 778
Population in 2001: 685
Population in 1996: 627
Population in 1991: 495
Private dwellings occupied by usual residents: 349 (total dwellings: 805)
Mother tongue:
English as first language: 9%
French as first language: 89.7%
English and French as first language: 0%
Other as first language: 1.3%
Education
Sainte Agathe Academy (of the Sir Wilfrid Laurier School Board) in Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts serves English-speaking students in this community for both elementary and secondary levels.
References
External links
Incorporated places in Laurentides
Municipalities in Quebec
Anne or Ann Evans may also refer to:
Ann Evans (midwife) (1840–1916), New Zealand nurse
Anne Evans (poet) (1820–1870), English poet and composer
Anne Evans (arts patron) (1871–1941), art patron in Colorado
Anne Evans (born 1941), British operatic soprano
Anne Evans Estabrook, American real estate developer
See also
Mary Ann Evans, writer better known as George Eliot
Mary Anne Evans, wife of Disraeli
Evans (surname)
Braxy is an infectious disease which causes sudden death in sheep. It is caused by the bacterium Clostridium septicum.
Braxy generally occurs in winter, when sheep eat frosted root crops, or frosted grass. The frozen feed damages the mucosa (lining) of the abomasum, allowing C. septicum to enter, causing abomasitis and a fatal bacteremia.
Young sheep not protected with a vaccine are most commonly affected. If sheep are not found dead, signs include abdominal pain and recumbency. There is no treatment, and sheep usually die within 36 hours of the onset of signs. The carcass of sheep which died of braxy will often decompose more rapidly than expected.
Historically, the mutton of affected sheep was also referred to as braxy.
A vaccine against braxy was developed at the Moredun Research Institute in Scotland.
Braxy has been reported in Europe (particularly in Iceland, Norway and the UK), Australia and the United States.
References
Sheep and goat diseases
New York State Route 278 (NY 278) is a state highway in Rensselaer County, New York, in the United States. The route, in length, is located in a rural section of the town of Brunswick. It climbs uphill from a southern terminus at NY 2 in the hamlet of Clums Corners to its northern end at NY 7. The road was taken over by the state of New York in 1905 and designated NY 278 .
Route description
NY 278 begins at an intersection with NY 2 in the hamlet of Clums Corners, located within a valley in eastern Brunswick. The highway progresses northwestward, intersecting with County Route 129 (CR 129, Tamarac Road) before ascending in elevation and continuing out of Clums Corners as Brick Church Road. NY 278 passes some farms and buildings as it traverses several small hills and intersects with the northern terminus of CR 133 (Moonlawn Road). The route descends slightly from here, passing some more farms and the namesake brick church before terminating at an intersection with NY 7 (Hoosick Street) northeast of Brunswick Center.
History
On June 13, 1904, the state of New York let a contract improve what is now NY 278 and a rough stretch of modern NY 2 to state highway standards. The project cost just over $33,440 (equivalent to $ in ) and was completed by mid-1905. The of highway improved by the project were added to the state highway system on August 25, 1905, and internally designated as State Highway 197 (SH 197). The segment of SH 197 northwest of Clums Corner did not receive a posted designation until , when it was designated as NY 278.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
278
Transportation in Rensselaer County, New York|
BarberShop (Music From the Motion Picture) is the soundtrack to Tim Story's 2002 comedy film Barbershop. It was released on August 27, 2002 through Epic Records and consists of hip hop and R&B music. The album peaked at #29 on the Billboard 200, at #9 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at #1 on the Top Soundtracks. Its lead single. "Stingy" by Ginuwine, made it to #33 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #7 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
2002 soundtrack albums
2000s film soundtrack albums
Hip hop soundtracks
Epic Records soundtracks
Albums produced by Al Bell
Albums produced by Eddie F
Albums produced by DJ Clue?
Albums produced by Bryan-Michael Cox
Albums produced by Bink (record producer)
Albums produced by Troy Taylor (record producer)
Albums produced by the Underdogs (production team)
Barbershop (franchise)
Comedy film soundtracks
Mallakent (; Kaitag: Маллаккент) is a rural locality (a selo) in Yangikentsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 264 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Mallakent is located 13 km northwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Chumli and Yangikent are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Roy Kitchin (6 December 1926 – 1997) was a British sculptor and art educator who worked primarily with steel. He was lecturer in Sculpture at Newcastle University. He co-founded the Open Air Museum of Steel Sculpture in Shropshire, England.
Early life
Kitchin was born in Peterborough. When his father's confectionery business collapsed in 1936, the family relocated to Birmingham in the industrial West Midlands.
Kitchin completed his secondary education in the Quinton area of Birmingham and at the age of fourteen became an apprentice to the woodwork trade, specialising in joinery, constructing ammunitions boxes and correcting those of others that did not meet the stringent standards of the Ministry of Defence. It was whilst working as a joiner that he made his first attempts at carving the human figure. Reflecting on this early desire to carve, Kitchin has described how he chanced upon images of sculpture in the pages of the Encyclopædia Britannica his mother had bought for him to look at pictures of aircraft.
At the age of eighteen, with the Second World War in full momentum, Kitchin was conscripted to work in the coalmines as a ‘Bevin Boy'. Conditions in the mines proved particularly harsh and within only three days he went absent without leave. Following his eventual arrest and deportation to Ireland, Kitchin re-conscripted, putting his skills to use with the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers with whom he served three years from 1945-48.
Beginnings as a sculptor
Later, reflecting on this period of his life with the R.E.M.E., Kitchin acknowledged it had not been entirely wasted. He had learnt many skills and techniques that would prove useful for his sculpture. Following his military discharge in 1948 Kitchin became a student of sculpture at Birmingham School of Art and Design, lasting only until the end of the first term. In that short period at college the Head of Sculpture William Bloye was so impressed by Kitchin's abilities that he asked him to become his full-time assistant. Without the means to pay for the course Kitchin accepted the role. With Bloye, Kitchin gained experience working on large-scale sculptures and neo-classical architectural decoration.
In 1952 Kitchin re-enrolled to the Sculpture Department at Birmingham College of Art, paying his way through by completing small commissions from Bloye. Here he was encouraged to produce sculptures of figures from the Greek canon. Graduating in 1954, Kitchin soon found work as a freelance architectural sculptor, gaining several larger important commissions, including the complete re-carving of the decoration on Birmingham Cathedral Tower. The next six years proved particularly formative for Kitchin's practice. Seeing for the first time the work of Cubist sculptors such as Jacques Lipchitz and Ossip Zadkine demonstrated the creative possibilities of working in new and unfamiliar materials. Kitchin also recognised the efforts of Jacob Epstein to free artists from the control of patronage that, he felt, had historically restricted individual expressivity. Kitchin's figurative work in stone and clay gave way to a series of richly organic anthropomorphic sculptures in bronze.
In 1961 Kitchin was invited by the architectural stone carver Tom Wright to begin teaching in the sculpture department at Wolverhampton School of Art. At around this time Kitchin's work underwent a notable change: he began to use production techniques of heavy industrial technology and the first steel sculptures appeared. It was here too, three years later, in 1964 that Kitchin met his lifelong partner the sculptor Pam Brown. He would stay at Wolverhampton School of Art a further ten years.
In 1971 Kitchin and Brown relocated to the Fine Arts Department at Newcastle upon Tyne University. Soon he began to produce much large steel sculptures that were exhibited widely in open-air shows. In 1983 Kitchin's one-man exhibition, titled in his name, opened at the Yorkshire Sculpture Park.
In the early eighties Kitchin wished to find a permanent site for his sculptures. He wanted to know how the landscape and the sculpture's 'dialogue' would be affected by permanence.
In 1983 Kitchin left Newcastle to realise this ideal site for his sculpture: the Ironbridge Open Air Museum of Steel Sculpture at Coalbrookdale in Shropshire.
Open Air Museum of Steel Sculpture
For three years prior to this dramatic change Kitchin and Brown had invested considerable time in writing to organisations known to hold stocks of underused land. The letter proposed a simple exchange: use of the land in return for its upgrading and future maintenance. Encouraged by the positive responses received they decided to narrow the search to concentrate on the area of Shropshire known as the birthplace of the industrial revolution – Ironbridge. In 1986 Ironbridge Gorge was recognised by UNESCO for its ‘outstanding universal value' and became a ‘World Heritage Site'.
This decision to concentrate on the Ironbridge area brought the couple into negotiation with Telford Development Corporation, a government body established to build the new town of Telford, who were then the biggest landowners in the district. Following four years of visiting sites to no avail, the perfect location was found in 1984. It was the right size parcel of land with suitable topographical features and a clearly defined boundary. Formerly, the site had been home to the Cherry Tree Hill Brick and Tile works, owned by Abraham Darby I's Coalbrookdale Company until it folded in 1905.
Development of the site was delayed somewhat by construction of the Ironbridge Bypass on its north side. In the intervening period, however, the requisite planning approvals were obtained from the Department of the Environment, several old on-site mine shafts were capped and the museum was registered as a charitable trust. The necessary legal contracts between Telford Development Corporation and the Museum Trust were drawn and finally signed on 8 May 1989. Planning permissions were also granted to build a new house/studio, designed by Brown, on site.
The couple's view was that before any sculpture be installed it was necessary to see the site throughout the seasons in order to understand where best to locate works. In June 1991 the Ironbridge Open Air Museum of Steel Sculpture opened to the public, displaying 43 sculptures throughout its 10-acre setting, including work by Pam Brown, Rob Ward, Sarah Neville, Michael Lyons, Charles Hewlings, Harry Seager, Brian Thompson, Owen Cunningham and Brian Fell.
The collection continued to grow and the Museum housed over eighty sculptures by over thirty artists.
In the mid-2010s the museum was moved to the British Ironwork Centre at Aston near Oswestry on the A5 though still in Shropshire. A number of sculptures, in danger of being sold for scrap were saved by the Save a Sculpture program and are now located at the Sculpture Trails Outdoor Museum in Solsberry, Indiana, USA.
Solo shows
Minories Gallery, Colchester (outdoor), 1988
The Drawing Schools, Eton College, 1986
Stoke-on-Trent Art Gallery (indoor and outdoor), 1986
Margam Sculpture Park (indoor and outdoor), 1986
Spacex, Exeter (indoor and outdoor), 1984
Sutton Manor, Winchester (outdoor), 1984
Yorkshire Sculpture Park (outdoor), 1983
Cooper Gallery, Barnsley, 1983
Whitworth Gallery, Manchester (outdoor), 1980
Wolverhampton Art Gallery, 1980
Newcastle University (outdoor), 1979
Cannon Hill Park, Birmingham (outdoor), 1979
Hatton Gallery, Newcastle University, 1976 and 1978
Wolverhampton College of Art, 1968
Publications
Roy Kitchin with Pamela Brown, ‘The Scunthorpe Project', Leonardo, Vol,19, No.2, 1986
Roy Kitchin with Pamela Brown, ‘On my Sculpture Influenced by the Industrial Revolution', Leonardo, Vol.12, No.3, 1979
References
Sarah Jane Checkland, ‘Feature', The Times, 19 July 1985
Graham Hughes, ‘Open Air Sculptures', Arts Review, 14 September 1984
William Varley, ‘Roy Kitchin Interview', Aspects, No.27, 1984
Irene McManus, ‘Roy Kitchin', The Guardian, 8 July 1983
Gilbert Ward, ‘Roy Kitchin', Aspects, No. 24, 1983
Peter Murray, ‘Roy Kitchin', Aspects, No. 13, 1980
Timothy Neat, ‘Sculpture in the Highlands' catalogue, Scottish Sculpture Trust, 1980
David Nicholson, ‘Roy Kitchin's Recent Sculpture', Artscribe, No. 26, 1980
Robert Waterhouse, ‘Roy Kitchin', The Guardian, 1 November 1980
William Varley, ‘Roy Kitchin'. The Guardian, 3 April 1978
English sculptors
English male sculptors
Bevin Boys
1997 deaths
1926 births
20th-century British sculptors
Beyg Nazar (, also Romanized as Beyg Naz̧ar and Beyk Naz̧ar) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 969, in 228 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Quchan County
The Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 is a law, signed into effect by President Obama, that expands the punitive abilities of tribal courts across the nation. The law allows tribal courts operating in Indian country to increase jail sentences handed down in criminal cases. This was a major step toward improving enforcement and justice in Indian country.
Before this law, tribal courts were limited in the scope of punishment they could hand down in criminal cases, giving them the impression of a lower, less serious court. They now possess the power under the Tribal Law and Order Act to pass increased sentences at the court's discretion.
Justice issues on Indian reservations
Once individual Indian Reservations began creating and operating Tribal Courts they were faced with multiple issues including jurisdictional questions, length of sentences that could be imposed, and sentencing guidelines to name a few. These newly formed Tribal Courts also found themselves dealing with a very large domestic violence problem on their Reservations. This problem became such an issue that it caught the attention of the United States Department of Justice.
Passage of the Act
In 2007, the National Congress of American Indians passed a resolution at its Midyear conference in Anchorage, Alaska, calling for Congress to redirect the law enforcement priorities of the Department of Justice on Indian reservations, and to empower tribal government law enforcement. Scholars, such as Kevin Washburn, had written extensively about the problem and the lack of tribal involvement in federal criminal justice on Indian reservations in 2007. In 2008, Denver Post reporter Michael Riley published a four-part series of articles called "Lawless Lands; The Crisis in Indian Country" drawing attention to the problem. The reporter later won the American Bar Association's Silver Gavel Award for the legal reporting, further drawing attention to the issue. This attention was followed by several years of hearings and legislative drafting in the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs.
In 2009, Attorney General Eric Holder made it a Department of Justice priority to increase engagement, coordination and action on public safety in Indian Country. Beginning with a Tribal Nations Listening Tour in October 2009, Attorney General Holder and other Department officials met with tribal leaders to engage in a dialogue on public safety and law enforcement issues critical to tribal communities. The Justice officials heard from tribal leaders about the pressing need for federal legislation and financial resources to help tribal public safety officials better address the problems facing their communities. They learned about the disproportionate rates of violence and victimization in tribal communities, and about the need to improve government-to-government collaboration and provide improved access to law enforcement and justice resources. Finally, Attorney General Holder and the Justice Department brought this message to Capitol Hill and worked in concert with members of the House and Senate to pass the Tribal Law and Order Act.
Provisions
The Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 (Pub.L. 111–211, H.R. 725, 124 Stat. 2258, enacted July 29, 2010) enacts a United States law aimed at strengthening tribal law enforcement in order to remedy what some considered lax law enforcement on Indian reservations. The purposes of the Tribal Law and Order Act are: Clarify the responsibilities of the federal, state, tribal, and local governments with respect to crimes in Indian Country; increase coordination and communication among federal, state, tribal, and local law enforcement agencies; empower tribal governments with the authority, resources, and information necessary to safely and effectively provide public safety in Indian Country; reduce the prevalence of violent crime in Indian Country and to combat sexual and domestic violence against Alaska Native and Native American women; prevent drug trafficking and reduce rates of alcohol and drug addiction in Indian Country; and increase and standardize the collection of criminal data to and the sharing of criminal history information among federal, state, tribal, and local officials responsible for responding to and investigating crimes in Indian Country. TLOA authorizes expanded sentencing authority for tribal justice systems, clarifies jurisdiction in "PL 280 states," requires enhanced information sharing, authorizes liaisons within each U.S. Attorney's Office and encourages more intergovernmental collaboration between tribal, federal, state, and local governments.
In addition, the law provides funding for preventative programs for alcohol and substance abuse treatments and programs for at-risk youth.
Reports
On May 30, 2013 the first report of statistics gathered under the act was released by the Department of Justice. It covered 2011 and 2012 and showed a 54% increase in prosecutions in 2012 as compared to 2008. However, substantial problems remained with prosecution being declined in 60% of reported crimes due to lack of evidence.
Indian tribes using the Act
On a more local level, in August 2012, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians in Cherokee, NC became the second Indian Tribe to enact the TLOA. This passage allows the Cherokee Tribal Court to begin enhanced sentencing of defendants under their jurisdiction. In March 2011, the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation became the first tribe in the nation to implement felony sentencing authority under TLOA.
References
External links
Indian Arts and Crafts Amendments Act of 2010 (PDF/details) as amended in the GPO Statute Compilations collection — Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 is title II
United States federal Native American legislation
Acts of the 111th United States Congress
The 1923 TCU Horned Frogs football team represented Texas Christian University (TCU) as a member of the Southwest Conference (SWC) during the 1923 college football season. Led by first-year head coach Matty Bell, the Horned Frogs compiled an overall 4–5 record with a conference mark of 2–1, placing third in their inaugural year as members of the Southwest Conference. TCU played their home games at Panther Park in Fort Worth, Texas. The team's captain was Blair Cherry, who played end.
Schedule
References
TCU
TCU Horned Frogs football seasons
TCU Horned Frogs football
Babette van Teunenbroek (born 1960) is a Dutch former cricketer who played as a right-handed batter. She appeared in nine One Day Internationals for the Netherlands between 1984 and 1989, and one One Day Internationals for International XI at the 1982 World Cup. She played club cricket for the Amsterdamsche Cricket Club (ACC) and the Haarlemsche Cricket Club Rood en Wit (R&W).
Van Teunenbroek debuted for the Netherlands on its 1981 tour of England, although the team faced only regional sides on that tour. The following year, she was one of two Dutchwomen (alongside Ingrid van der Elst) to be selected in the International XI squad for the 1982 World Cup in New Zealand, a composite team featuring players from several different countries. However, despite playing in two warm-up games, she was only selected for the last game of the tournament, against India. On her ODI debut, she scored 16 runs from tenth in the batting order, featuring in a 39-run ninth-wicket partnership with Australian Lynley Hamilton. Van Teunenbroek again toured England with the Netherlands in 1982, and the following year she made her international debut, appearing against Denmark, Ireland, and a "Young Netherlands" side in the one-off Centenary Tournament at Utrecht's Sportpark Maarschalkerweerd. Her best performance there was 38* against Ireland.
In 1984, the Dutch team played its first ODI, a one-off game against New Zealand for the 50th anniversary of the Nederlandse Dames Cricket Bond. The only Netherlands player with prior ODI experience, van Teunenbroek scored 14 runs batting third in the Dutch innings of 117/9. She did not play ODIs again until 1988, but did feature in a European quadrangular tournament in Dublin in 1986, scoring a half-century against Ireland. At the 1988 World Cup in Australia, van Teunenbroek featured in six of her side's eight matches, but like the rest of the batting line-up, struggled immensely. She finished with only 40 runs from her six innings, and passed double figures only once, with 17 against England. Van Teunenbroek played her final ODIs at the 1989 European Championship in Denmark.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Dutch women cricketers
Netherlands women One Day International cricketers
International XI women One Day International cricketers
20th-century Dutch women
21st-century Dutch women
Dinu Adameșteanu (Toporu, 25 March 1913 – Policoro, 2 January 2004) was a Romanian-Italian archaeologist, a pioneer and promoter of the use of aerial photography and aerial survey in archaeology. From 1958 to 1964, he was director of Aerofototeca for the Italian Ministry of Public Education, he was a professor of Etruscology, Italian antiquities, and the topography of ancient Italy at the University of Lecce. At the same university, he was also director of the Institute of Archaeology, of the Department of Scholarship on Antiquity, and of the school of classical and medieval archaeology.
As a civil servant, in charge of the of Basilicata and Apulia, he was notable for his protection of the archaeological sites within the territory under his control, for the creation of a national network of museums, and for advocating the display of archaeological discoveries near the location of their original discovery.
Biography
The fifth of ten sons of a priest of the Romanian Orthodox Church, Adameșteanu received an education similar to that of his siblings: his brother, the veterinarian Ion Adameșteanu was one of the founders of the Romanian veterinary school. His niece, Gabriela Adameșteanu (b. 1942), daughter of Mircea (third of the ten brothers) is a noted Romanian author.
He attended primary school in his native village, followed by the central seminary and Saint Sava National College in Bucharest. From 1933 to 1938, he studied at the University of Bucharest's literature faculty, where one of his professors was Victor Papacostea.<ref>Marius Porumb, "Dinu Adameșteanu", in Transylvanian Review', vol. X, no. 1 (Spring, 2001), p. 117</ref>
Early career in Romania
Adameșteanu took part in his first excavations in 1935 on the Black Sea, on the site of Istria, a Greek colony of Miletus, under the direction of Scarlat Lambrino, a noted Romanian epigrapher and historian, university professor and corresponding member of the Romanian Academy, who directed the excavations at Istria from 1928 until 1940 and was director of the National Museum of Antiquities of Bucharest (1938-1940). Because of the absence of archaeological remains on the surface, his work even at this time, took advantage of aerial photography to identify remains, a method which he would later apply in Italy and in campaigns conducted between 1959 and 1960 in Afghanistan, Israel (Caesarea Maritima) and other parts of the Middle East with the Istituto Italiano per il Medio ed Estremo Oriente (Is.M.E.O, now the Is.I.A.O - Istituto Italiano per l'Africa e l'Oriente).Aerofototeca. Storia
Career in Italy
Adameșteanu relocated from Romania to Italy in 1939, where he was a member (1940-1942) and then librarian (1943-1946) of the Romanian School in Rome.
In Rome he received a degree along with Gaetano De Sanctis and began a long friendship with the numismatist Attilio Stazio.
The outbreak of the Second World War and the institution of a communist regime in Romania after the war had a dramatic impact on his life. With the loss of his Romanian citizenship, he became a stateless refugee. At this time he first met Mario Napoli (like him a future archaeologist), whom he met at the refugee camp in Bagnoli.
Sicily
At the end of 1949, in a semi-clandestine fashion on account of his statelessness, Adameșteanu was able to continue his research activities, thanks only to the support and assistance of his friends and colleagues, who asked him to participate in archaeological research in Sicily. Professor Luigi Bernabò Brea, archaeological superintendent for the province of Syracuse, invited him to participate in the exploration of the sites of Syracuse and Leontini. At the latter site, a series of soundages allowed them to identify and then bring to light the city's fortifications, with twenty metre thick walls on the hill of San Mauro which culminated in the south with the "Syracusan Gate," mentioned by Polybius, which was also excavated at this time.
In Sicily, at the invitation of Piero Griffo, superintendent of Agrigento, Adameșteanu directed the excavation of Butera and Gela, where he collaborated closely with Pietro Orlandini, between 1951 and 1961, advancing research of ancient Sicilian forticiations in particular.
In this period, Adameșteanu adopted a theme which had already been advocated passionately by Vasile Pârvan, who had emphasised the imporance of interaction between Greek colonists and indigenous populations in his Getica; this would subsequently become a major focus of historical and archaeological research
He published the results of his research in Sicily, together with Orlandini, in three volumes dedicated to the fortifications of Gela and to the ancient territory of the city, in the Accademia dei Lincei's Notizie degli Scavi, and in other journals, including Revue Archeologique, Archeologia Classica, and Bollettino d'Arte.
Aerial survey and Aerofototeca at the Ministry of Public Education
In this period, Adameșteanu continued his pioneering use of aerial survey. His attentive and patient comparison between surface and aerial photographic evidence allowed him to identify "a large number of ancient sites, some known only through literary sources and some otherwise entirely unknown.
He also deployed these techniques for the study of ancient urban and rural structures of Spina and its hinterland in the Po delta. But even more important was his use of aerial photographic techniques for the protection of archaeological sites: he used it to identify areas where large scale construction projects impacted on sites of archaeological interest. He worked to promote the potential offered by the integration of aerial photography into traditional archaeological research, through demonstrations in Italy and abroad.
Owing to his personal qualities and achievements, he received Italian citizenship for scientific merit in 1954. In 1958 he was entrusted with the creation of Aerofototeca, a subdivision of the National Photographic Office of the Ministry of Public Education, which he directed from 1959 to 1990.
This institute, the only one of its kind in Europe or America, collected aerial photographs, plans and stereocopic photographs of Italian territory taken during the Second World War by the Regia Aeronautica, the United States Army Air Forces, the Royal Air Force and the German Luftwaffe, and used them for the reconstruction of ancient topography. These images were supplemented by the activities of the Istituto Geografico Militare and of the Florentine .
Soprintendente in Basilicata and Puglia
In 1964, Adameșteanu was posted to Potenza in Lucania with his appointment as the head of the newly created archaeological sovrintendenza of Basilicata. He was involved in excavations during this period at Metapontum, Policoro, Matera, Melfi, and Heraclea Lucania, either personally or in a supporting capacity. The results of the work carried out by him along the coast of the Ionian Sea in collaboration with an international team of archaeologists, was published in the work, La Basilicata Antica.After this, for the few months between the end of 1977 and April 1978, he had a brief stint as archaeological sovrintendente of Apulia, where he worked to protect some Messapian sites.
From 1971 to 1983, Adameșteanu was also a professor of Etruscology, Italian antiquities, and the topography of ancient Italy at the University of Lecce. He was also director of the Institute of Archaeology, of the Department of Scholarship on Antiquity, and of the school of classical and medieval archaeology at the same university.
Museum advocacy
One of Dinu Adameșteanu's main preoccupations was the creation, maintenance and development of museums located near archaeological sites. This had positive results for a large number of regional museums: at Metaponto, for example, his intervention in the local "Antiquarium" led to its transformation into a , the ; at Policoro, his advocacy laid the foundations for a new museum, which also achieved national status, the . At Melfi, the was established inside the Norman castle.
Academic affiliations and honours
Dinu Adameșteanu was a member of a large number of academic organisations. He received the Feltrinelli Prize from the Accademia dei Lincei in 1975, the "Basilicata prize" for non-fiction in 1975, the gold medal with diploma of the first class of merit in education, culture and the arts from the Ministry for Cultural Assets and Environments in 1982, the "A Life for Lucania" prize in 1986, the LucaniaGold prize for culture from the commune of Pomarico in 1987, the "Carlo Levi" literary prize in 2000, membership of the French Légion d'honneur, and the Order of the Star of Romania in 2003.
He was a corresponding member of the Pontificia accademia romana di archeologia, the Accademia di Archeologia Italiana and the German Archaeological Institute, as well as an Honorary Fellow of the British School of Rome and the Romanian Academy.
Death
On 21 January 2004, professor Dinu Adameșteanu died at his home in Policoro. On 20 May 2005, the in Potenza, was officially opened and named "Dinu Adameșteanu" in his honour.
References
Bibliography
Liliana Giardino, Omaggio a Dinu Adameșteanu, on the website of the Aerofototeca Nazionale-ICCD
, "Dinu," in Enciclopedia Italiana - VI Appendice (2000), , (online)
, Addio ad Adameșteanu. Fece rinascere Heraclea on La Repubblica (22 January 2004), p. 11.
Other sources
AA.VV., Attività archeologica in Basilicata 1964-1977. Scritti in onore di Dinu Adameșteanu, Matera, 1980
AA.VV., Studi in onore di Dinu Adameșteanu, Galatina, 1983.
External links
In memory of Dinu Adameșteanu''
1913 births
2004 deaths
People from Giurgiu County
Members of the Romanian Orthodox Church
Saint Sava National College alumni
University of Bucharest alumni
Romanian archaeologists
Italian archaeologists
Recipients of the Italian Order of Merit for Culture and Art
Grand Officers of the Order of the Star of Romania
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
Romanian emigrants to Italy
University of Salento faculty
20th-century archaeologists
Three Wolf Moon is a T-shirt featuring three wolves howling at the Moon. The numerous satirical reviews for this on Amazon.com have become an Internet phenomenon. The T-shirt was designed by artist Antonia Neshev.
Origin
The Three Wolf Moon T-shirt, created by The Mountain Corporation, gained popularity after attracting sarcastic reviews on Amazon.com attributing great power to it, such as making the wearer irresistible to women, striking fear into other males, and having magical healing abilities. Brian Govern, a law student at Rutgers University, was searching for a school book on Amazon and was led to the Three Wolf Moon T-shirt by an Amazon recommendation which had been targeted at students purchasing college semester books. He decided to write a review of the shirt on a whim as he did not actually own the shirt. His faux-serious review as "Bee-Dot-Govern" in November 2008 concluded:
Since this original review was posted, more than 2,300 similar reviews have been posted. Some reviewers have uploaded images showing famous people wearing the shirt.
The shirt attracted further interest when it became popular on networking sites such as Digg and Facebook and was then lauded in conventional media as an Internet phenomenon. German scholar Melvin Haack considers it to be a notable example of a redneck joke. The reviews have been included in studies of such online sarcasm. Such sarcasm tends to confound analysis of customer reviews and so the texts have been analysed to determine which elements might identify sarcasm. One common example found in n-gram analysis was "alpha male".
Sales
The T-shirt is manufactured by The Mountain Corporation, a wholesale clothing company in Keene, New Hampshire, United States. Their art director, Michael McGloin, said that they were making many more shirts in response to the great demand which had made it the top-selling item in Amazon's clothing store. Due to the success of the shirt, the New Hampshire Division of Economic Development made it their "official New Hampshire T-shirt of economic development" and awarded it as a prize for innovation.
Parodies and attributions
A similar shirt featuring Keyboard Cats instead of wolves has been produced at the T-shirt design site Threadless. In July 2009, this was the most highly rated design there.
Capcom prepared a limited run through iam8bit of a "Three Wolf God Sun" shirt for the 2010 San Diego Comic-Con International, featuring images of the wolf gods Shiranui, Amaterasu and Chibiterasu from their video games Ōkami and Ōkamiden.
Minecraft parodied the design in its merchandise, replacing the wolves with "creepers", an enemy featured in the game.
Georgetown University created a parody of the "Three Wolf Moon" shirt using images of their mascot Jack the Bulldog as a promotion for students attending a 2015 basketball game.
References
External links
Artist's website
T-shirts
Internet memes
Canines in popular culture
Wolves
Amazon (company)
Moon in culture
Bungaban is a rural locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Bungaban had a population of 52 people.
History
In the , Bungaban had a population of 52 people.
Road infrastructure
The Leichhardt Highway runs past the western extremity.
References
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Bishan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Bishan, Singapore. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium was constructed in 1998 and is managed by Sport Singapore.
The public can use the facilities from 4:30 am to 8:30 pm daily unless it is exclusively booked for a sporting event. An indoor sports hall with facilities for badminton, table tennis and gymnastics lies adjacent to the stadium.
Location
Situated in the central part of Singapore, Bishan Stadium is part of the Bishan Sports and Recreation Centre, which includes the Bishan Sports Hall and the Bishan Swimming Complex.
History
Since its opening in 1998, Bishan Stadium has been the ground of Home United Football Club, a professional football club in Singapore. From 2004 to 2006, the Stadium was used for the team's home matches in the Asian Football Confederation Cup tournament.
The Australian national team also used the Stadium as its training base for two weeks in June 2007 before it left for the Asian Cup.
Transport
Mass Rapid Transit (MRT)
The stadium is located near Bishan MRT station on the North South line.
Bus
Buses 53, 410G/W arrives at the bus stop opposite at the stadium.
Events
In September 2006, Bishan Stadium was one of two venues for the Asian Football Confederation U-17 championship hosted by Singapore.
Bishan Stadium was used as the athletics venue of the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics.
The Stadium was also the venue for the 35th Singapore Junior Athletics Championships 2009, which was held in May of that year.
In 2015, when Singapore hosted the 2015 Southeast Asian Games, it was the venue for the group stage matches of the football event.
In 2018, it hosted two international football matches on 7 and 11 September, with Singapore facing the national football teams of Mauritius and Fiji respectively.
In 2021, Bishan was one of the two venues to be used for the 2020 AFF Championship and hosted most of the matches in Group B.
See also
List of stadiums in Singapore
References
External links
Bishan Stadium (Facebook Page)
Buildings and structures in Bishan, Singapore
Football venues in Singapore
Multi-purpose stadiums in Singapore
Sports venues in Singapore
Venues of the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
Lion City Sailors FC
Singapore Premier League venues
Tourist attractions in Central Region, Singapore
Sports venues completed in 1998
1998 establishments in Singapore
The 2016 IFAGG World Cup series in Aesthetic Group Gymnastics is a series of competitions officially organized and promoted by the International Federation of Aesthetic Group Gymnastics.
Formats
Medal winners
World Cup
Challenge Cup
Final ranking
World Cup
Challenge Cup
Note: Only three best results count.
Overall medal table
References
External links
Official Site
Aesthetic Group Gymnastics World Cup
2016 in gymnastics
Batrachedra scapulata is a species of moth in the family Batrachedridae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1917 and is found in Sri Lanka.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moths described in 1917
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of Sri Lanka
Fritz Röll (16 March 1879 – 1 August 1956) was a German sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1879 births
1956 deaths
20th-century German sculptors
20th-century German male artists
German male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Schmalkalden-Meiningen
An M-sequence may refer to:
Regular sequence, which is an important topic in commutative algebra.
A maximum length sequence, which is a type of pseudorandom binary sequence.
A Godspot is an effect used in stage lighting for the theatre.
The effect is created using a powerful spotlight (usually a beam projector, Fresnel, or ERS) placed directly above the stage at an angle of less than 10 degrees from vertical, i.e. almost straight down. The light has no color gel, and is usually directed downwards to hit a single actor or a huddled group of actors with a bright white light.
The effect is meant to evoke an understanding that God is present and directly watching the scenes proceeding below. Use of the godspot in this fashion often foreshadows a deus ex machina ending. The godspot can also be used at times to suggest an angelic nature of a particular character.
Sometimes this effect is used to simulate an alien abduction.
This is used in the science fiction TV shows Stargate SG-1 and Stargate Atlantis as part of the Asgard transporter effect.
Stage lighting
Stage lighting instruments
The International Youth Congress (, IJK) is the largest annual meeting of young Esperantists in the world. The participants come from all over the world for one week, and they usually number around 300, although there has been a congress with more than 1000 attendees before. The congress takes place in a different country every year and is organized by the World Esperanto Youth Organization (, TEJO), the youth wing of the Universal Esperanto Association (, UEA). Both the IJK and the World Esperanto Congress take place each summer, usually in consecutive weeks but rarely in the same country.
List of congresses
Statistics
Countries
Countries by number of times as host:
Continents
Of the 74 congresses that have happened so far, 60 were hosted in Europe, 7 in Asia, 4 in North America, 2 in South America, 1 in Africa and none in Oceania.
Cities
Five cities have hosted the event twice:
Groet (1938, 1948)
Rotterdam (1960, 1967)
Vraca (1963, 1993)
Sarajevo (1972, 2006)
Hanoi (2007, 2012)
See also
Internacia Junulara Festivalo
Notes
References
External links
Official TEJO Website
IJK Website - Global information and form to join
Esperanto meetings
Argos most often refers to:
Argos, Peloponnese, a city in Argolis, Greece
Ancient Argos, the ancient city
Argos (retailer), a catalogue retailer operating in the United Kingdom and Ireland
Argos or ARGOS may also refer to:
Businesses
Argos Comunicación, a Mexican television and film company
Argos Energies, a Dutch oil and gas company
Grupo Argos, a Colombian cement and energy conglomerate
Places
Argos-Mykines, a municipality in Argolis, Greece
Argos (Nisyros), an ancient settlement on Nisyros island, Greece
Amphilochian Argos, an ancient settlement in Amphilochia, Greece
Argos Orestiko, a town in the southwest-central part of Kastoria, Greece
Argos Pelasgikon, an ancient settlement in Thessaly, Greece
Argos (river), a river in Spain
Argos, Indiana, a town in the United States
Fictional
Argos (Conan), a fictional nation in the world of Conan the Barbarian
Argos (Stargate), a fictional planet in the Stargate SG-1 universe
Science and technology
Argos (EGFR Inhibitor), a secreted protein in Drosophila melanogaster
ARGOS (optics system), a multi-star optics system
ARGOS (satellite), an American research and development space mission
Argos (satellite system), a satellite-based system for environmental data collection
ARGOS DSS, a decision support system for crisis management
BRM Argos, a Portuguese microlight aircraft
Other uses
Argus (Greek myth), several characters in Greek mythology
Argos (dog), Odysseus' faithful dog in Homer's Odyssey
Argos (radio program), a Dutch documentary series
Argos-class patrol boat, a ship class of the Portuguese Navy
Argos-Shimano, a former cycling team
Renault Argos, a concept car
Task Force Argos, a branch of the Queensland Police Service
Toronto Argonauts or Argos, a Canadian Football League team
Minister Argos, a villain from the manga and anime Great Mazinger
People with the surname
Eddie Argos (born 1979), lead singer of English indie rock band Art Brut
See also
Agros (disambiguation)
Argo (disambiguation)
Argos Hill (disambiguation)
Argosy (disambiguation)
Argus (disambiguation)
Zhelezin (, ) is a district of Pavlodar Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Zhelezinka. Population:
Elmira Abdrazakova, born in the above Kazakh district, was crowned Miss Russia 2013, representing her adopted country at the Miss World and Miss Universe pageants that took place the same year.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Pavlodar Region
On December 11, 2017, a pipe bomb partially detonated in the subway station adjoining the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, injuring four people including the bomber. Mayor Bill de Blasio described the incident as "an attempted terrorist attack". The bomber was identified by police as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, a Salafi Muslim immigrant from Bangladesh; he was convicted in 2018 and sentenced to life in prison in 2021.
Bombing
At approximately 7:20 a.m., during morning rush hour, a pipe bomb partially detonated in the New York City Subway's Times Square–42nd Street/Port Authority Bus Terminal station, within the underground passageway between the Seventh and Eighth Avenue subway lines. There were four non-life-threatening injuries.
The suspected bomber was taken to Bellevue Hospital for treatment. According to the city's fire department commissioner, the suspect suffered burns to his hands and torso while three bystanders had "ringing ears and headaches". The bombing severely disrupted subway service for several hours, leading to lower-than-normal ridership that day.
Perpetrator
After the incident, the Port Authority Police Department (PAPD) arrested a "would-be suicide bomber" armed with a pipe bomb (which was filled with sugar and Christmas tree lights) and a battery pack. The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Brooklyn resident Akayed Ullah.
Ullah is a permanent U.S. resident. His uncle won a diversity visa lottery which enabled him to bring Ullah to the United States under the family reunification provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965. He was a licensed cab driver from March 2012 to March 2015.
One year after he arrived in the U.S., his father died. He subsequently converted to Salafism and pressured his family to pray regularly and adopt conservative religious beliefs. Ullah's wife and child live in Bangladesh, where he kept books by Muhammad Jasimuddin Rahmani, the spiritual leader of extremist group Ansarullah Bangla Team which is linked to the terror group al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent. Ullah had at times frequented the Masjid Nur Al Islam, a mosque in Kensington, Brooklyn, which was placed on the NYPD Intelligence Division's "Mosques of Interest" list in 2004. Four members of the mosque are also on the NYPD's "Most Dangerous" list. He wrote handwritten notes on his passport, including "O AMERICA, DIE IN YOUR RAGE." He had posted a warning on Facebook, "Trump you failed to protect your nation", before the attack. Prosecutors allege he told police after the blast "I did it for the Islamic State."
After being questioned, Ullah reportedly said he was "following ISIS on the internet and reading Inspire magazine". Through online instructions, he learned how to make the explosive device. A law enforcement source told CNN that Ullah said he carried out the attack in response to recent Israeli actions in Gaza over Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
The Associated Press, however, reported law enforcement sources told them he was retaliating against U.S. military aggression. Authorities believed he also sought reprisal for American air attacks on Muslims in Syria and elsewhere. According to statements by law enforcement officials, reported in The New York Times, he chose the Times Square area because of its Christmas-themed advertising. During court proceedings, Ullah denied being an ISIS sympathizer, saying he "was angry with Donald Trump because he said he will bomb the Middle East and protect his nation".
Legal proceedings
Ullah was charged with possessing a criminal weapon, making terroristic threats and supporting an act of terrorism. In early November 2018, he was found guilty on all counts. He was scheduled to be sentenced on April 5, 2019. His sentencing was delayed to April 22, 2021, when he was sentenced to life imprisonment plus 30 years.
Reaction
President Donald Trump said, "There have now been two terrorist attacks in New York City in recent weeks carried out by foreign nationals here on green cards. The first attacker came through the visa lottery, the second came through chain migration. We're going to end both of them." He called for the end of the Diversity Immigrant Visa and chain migration after this attack, and had made a similar statement following the October 31, 2017, truck attack in Lower Manhattan.
The Bangladeshi consulate in New York City condemned the attack and reiterated the Bangladeshi government policy of zero tolerance against terrorism. Bangladeshi-Americans in New York City denounced the attack, as well as President Trump's suggestion to end chain migration. Bangladesh's Counterterrorism Police stated that they did not find a link between Ullah and domestic terrorist groups in Bangladesh. The counterterrorism police also said that they had placed his family members under surveillance after the attack.
See also
List of terrorist incidents in December 2017
List of terrorist incidents in New York City
References
2017 crimes in New York City
2010s in Manhattan
Attacks on railway stations
Building bombings in the United States
Crimes in Manhattan
December 2017 crimes in the United States
Explosions in 2017
Failed terrorist attempts in New York City
Filmed improvised explosive device bombings
Islamic terrorism in New York (state)
Islamic terrorist incidents in 2017
New York City Subway crimes
Terrorist incidents in the United States in 2017
Times Square
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C24H31N3O2}}
The molecular formula C24H31N3O2 (molar mass: 393.52 g/mol, exact mass: 393.2416 u) may refer to:
Adamantyl-THPINACA
1B-LSD
1P-ETH-LAD
Polyidus of Thessaly (also Polyides, Polydus; , , English translation: "much beauty", from polus, "many, much" and eidos, "form, appearance, beauty") was an ancient Greek military engineer of Philip, who made improvements in the covered battering-ram (testudo arietaria, poliorceticus krios) during Philip's siege of Byzantium in 340 BC. His students were Diades of Pella and Charias, who served in the campaigns of Alexander the Great. Polyidus was the inventor of Helepolis.
References
Sources
Vitruvius. x. 19. s. 13. §3.
Campbell, Duncan B. Greek and Roman Siege Machinery 399 BC-AD 363. Osprey Publishing, 2003.
Ancient Greek engineers
Ancient Greek military engineers
Ancient Thessalians
Hellenistic military engineers
4th-century BC Greek people
Philip II of Macedon
North Lindsey may refer to:
North Lindsey College, college in Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire, England
North Lindsey Light Railway, light railway in North Lincolnshire, England
North Lindsey Township, Benton County, Missouri, US
The Carlton Academy is a secondary school in Nottinghamshire, previously known as The Wheldon School and Sports Academy. The school is sponsored by the Redhill Academy Trust, and was judged as being a good school by OFSTED in 2013. This was confirmed in 2017.
The Academy has 800 students across years 7 to 11 and a sixth form of 100 students. In September 2014, students from the local Sherwood E-Act Academy which was to close, were moved to the academy. Students in Years 7 and 8 at Sherwood would not have been able to continue their education there and were integrated into Carlton.
Academics
Virtually all maintained schools and academies follow the National Curriculum, and are inspected by Ofsted on how well they succeed in delivering a 'broad and balanced curriculum'. Schools endeavour to get all students to achieve the English Baccalaureate qualification – this must include core subjects a modern or ancient foreign language, and either History or Geography.
The school operates a two-year, Key Stage 3 where all the core National Curriculum subjects are taught. Year 7 and Year 8 study core subjects: English, Mathematics, Science with PE, and Philosophy, Religion & Ethics. The following subjects are taught: Modern Languages, History, Geography, Art, Design Technology, Drama, Music and Computing. Teaching can be mixed ability or setted.
The Academy runs a 3 year Key Stage 4 to allow students more time to study their preferred subjects to examination level. English, Mathematics, Science, PE, and Philosophy, Religion & Ethics are continued, with four options to form an individual pathway for each student.
Students all sit the Philosophy, Religion & Ethics GCSE and one option in Year 10- freeing time to consolidate maths and English in Year 11. This is known as the Year 10 Option, the subjects offered include GCSE Dramam BTEC Sport, Digital Information Technology, Creative Media Production, GCSE Photography, Child Development & Care, Hospitalityand Catering, GCSE Design & Technology, and Enterprise.
The second option is choosing between History, Geography, Spanish and French. They then can select two subjects from a pool.
The pool contains:
Triple Science, Geography, History, French, Spanish, PE, Sport, Fine Art, Art Graphics, Photography, Business Studies, Computer Science, Digital IT, eCreative Media, Engineering, Food and Nutrition, Hospitalityand Catering, Design &Technology, Sociology, Psychology, Child Development & Car, Drama, and Music.
The sixth form, Key Stage 5, offers A levels in Mathematics, Further Mathematics, Physics, Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Design Technology, English Language, English Literature, Art Photography, Fine Art, Media Studies, Graphic Communication, Music, Drama, Geography, History, Politics, Psychology, Sociology, French and Spanish.
Level 3 BTECs in Applied Science, Business, Health & Social Care, IT, Sports. With Physical Education, Philosophy, Religion and Ethics (PRE).
Visits
In 2014, students were visited by the local MP Vernon Coaker.
Notable alumnus
TommyInnit, YouTuber and Twitch streamer
References
External links
Carlton Academy website
Carlton Academy prospectus
Nottingham Post Comparisons
2011 establishments in England
Academies in Nottinghamshire
Educational institutions established in 2011
Secondary schools in Nottinghamshire
Ashton Bell is a Canadian ice hockey player, currently playing for the Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs of the NCAA Division I.
Career
During high school, she played for the Western Wildcats of the Manitoba AAA Female Midget Hockey League, twice winning the league's Most Valuable Player Award.
In 2017, she began attending the University of Minnesota-Duluth, playing for the university's women's ice hockey programme. She had originally committed to the University of North Dakota, but was forced to change plans after UND eliminated its women's hockey programme. She scored 23 points in 35 games in her rookie NCAA year, good for second on her team in scoring. Ahead of the 2019–20 season, she was moved from forward to defence. She posted a career-high 32 points in 36 games that year, leading all Western Collegiate Hockey Association defenders in scoring and being named to the All-WCHA First Team. She was then named team captain for the 2020–21 season. She was named Western Collegiate Hockey Association Player of the Month in November 2020.
International career
Bell represented Canada at the 2016 and 2017 IIHF World Women's U18 Championship, scoring a total of eight points in ten games and winning silver twice. In 2017, she served as the Canadian team captain. She was one of 28 players invited to Hockey Canada's Centralization Camp, which represents the seletion process for the Canadian women's team that shall compete in Ice hockey at the 2022 Winter Olympics.
On January 11, 2022, Bell was named to Canada's 2022 Olympic team.
Personal life
Bell studies biology at the University of Minnesota-Duluth. She previously graduated from Deloraine High School in Manitoba, competing in the Manitoba High School Rodeo Association alongside her hockey play.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Canadian women's ice hockey forwards
Minnesota Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey people in the United States
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
The heart-spotted woodpecker (Hemicircus canente) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family. It has a contrasting black and white plumage, a distinctively stubby body and a large wedge-shaped head making it easy to identify while its frequent calling make it easy to detect as it forage for invertebrates under the bark of the slender outer branches of trees. They move about in pairs or small groups and are often found in mixed-species foraging flocks. They have a wide distribution across Asia with populations in the forests of southwestern and central India which are slightly separated from their ranges in the Himalayas and Southeast Asia.
Taxonomy
The heart-spotted woodpecker was described in 1832 by the French naturalist René Lesson from a specimen collected from Bago in Myanmar. He coined the binomial name Picus canente. The specific name is from Roman mythology: Canens was a sweet-voiced nymph, her husband was Picus. The species is now placed in the genus Hemicircus that was introduced in 1837 by the English naturalist William John Swainson. The species is monotypic: no subspecies are recognised.
Description
A small, uniquely shaped, black and buff woodpecker with a large crest making the head look large for the short body and tail. Both males and females are predominantly black with heart-shaped black spots on white shoulders with broad white scapular patches and barring of flight feathers. The female has the forehead and crown buffy white while it is black on males. The throat is whitish and the underparts are dark olive grey. A tuft of feathers on the back are specialized and are lipid rich which causes the feathers to stick together in preserved specimens. These special feathers or "fat quills" sometimes make the rump feathers appear buff and may be a form of "cosmetic colouration" and the secretion is said to have a pleasant smell but the functional significance is unknown.
Habitat and distribution
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. They are found in the Himalayan forests of India, and extend into Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam. Within India, they are also found in the Western Ghats and the forests of central India. A subspecies cordatus based on the description by Thomas C. Jerdon from a specimen from the Western Ghats is not considered distinct and the populations differ slightly in plumage colour and vary clinally in size (the northern birds being larger than those closer to the equator).
Behaviour and ecology
These woodpeckers forage in pairs, sometimes joining mixed-species foraging flocks. They fly from tree to tree in a sharply bounding flight giving a head-heavy appearance. They forage on thin branches and call often. They feed mainly on insects under bark but have been known to peck the pods of Cassia fistula to obtain insect larvae. The calls include a sharp twee-twee-twee (duet call) sometimes leading to a trill of several notes, a nasal ki-yeew and repeated su-sie calls. They drum infrequently during the breeding season, mainly during winter and before the Monsoons. The nest is bored in a dead branch with a narrow 3 to 4 cm diameter opening and the tunnel going down obliquely about 20 cm before widening into a chamber. Nests may sometimes be built in fence posts. The usual clutch is 2 or 3 eggs, which are unmarked white. Ticks of the species Haemaphysalis spinigera have been noted on these birds.
References
Other sources
Menon, G.K. (1985) On the source of 'resin' in the plumage of heart spotted woodpecker, Hemicircus canente. Pavo 23(1&2), 107–109.
Neelakantan, K.K. (1965) The nesting of the Heartspotted Woodpecker. Newsletter for Birdwatchers . 5(3), 6–8.
External links
Photographs, calls and videos
heart-spotted woodpecker
Birds of India
Birds of Indochina
heart-spotted woodpecker
Taxa named by René Lesson
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Factory 25 is a Brooklyn-based independent film distribution and production company, founded by Matt Grady in 2009.
History
Grady founded Factory 25 in 2009 after leaving a position as director of production at Plexifilm. The name Factory 25 is from "the manufacturing home of the famous 1909 Honus Wagner tobacco card".
The company's first release, Frownland, was the film that inspired Grady to create his own distribution company, as he believed no other company would distribute the film.
, Grady remained the company's sole employee.
Releases
The films that Factory 25 produces and distributes are often microbudget features with nontraditional narratives. Factory 25 largely focuses on physical releases such as DVDs, Blu-Rays, VHS Tapes, CDs and Vinyl LPs. , a typical production run consisted of 1,000 DVD-LP pairs (movie and soundtrack), where sale of 40% of the production run would be the break-even point. The company's physical releases often include objects such as 16mm film strips, drawings and written essays. Matt Grady has expressed a desire to make the company's physical releases collectible and appealing, "like a fetish item". The company has worked and distributed films alongside notable distribution companies such as Oscilloscope Laboratories and streaming services such as Fandor.
Filmography
Distributed By Factory 25:
Produced By Factory 25:
Music Releases
Accolades
Factory 25 was named "Best Distributor" by The L Magazine in their "Best of Brooklyn 2013: Film" article.
References
Further reading
Founder Grady appears on this list:
Founder Grady presenting at SXSW 2016:
Interviews
External links
Factory 25 Website FACTORY 25 - Home
American companies established in 2009
Entertainment companies established in 2009
Danièle Watts is an American actress, best known for her appearances in the television show Weeds, and as a main cast member on the FX television series Partners.
Early life and education
Danièle Watts was born in California. In middle school, she lived in Orlando, Florida, and in high school, she lived in Atlanta, where she attended the North Springs Charter School of Arts and Sciences. She later attended the University of Southern California in Los Angeles and the British American Drama Academy in London.
Career
On television, she has appeared in singular episodes of How I Met Your Mother, Greek, Cold Case, Detroit 1-8-7, Criminal Minds, Private Practice, 90210, Castle, Melissa & Joey, as well as episodes of Weeds. In 2014, she appeared as a main cast member of the TV series Partners, acting as Martin Lawrence's daughter.
Controversy
In September 2014, Watts and boyfriend Brian Lucas were accused of having sex in a car on a public street. The police were called for a "citizen complaint of indecent exposure" and loud noises. During and after her arrest, Watts claimed she was the subject of racial profiling, due to her boyfriend being white, as she was accused of being a prostitute, and handcuffs leaving her wrist bloodied. The police initially did not charge the couple, but following social media complaints by the couple and the release of audio of the arrest by the police, witnesses stepped forward, alleging lewd conduct. In May 2015, the couple pled no contest to charges of disturbing the peace in exchange for the lewd conduct charges being dropped, and were sentenced to 15 days of community labor and ordered to write apology letters to the police officers involved in the stop, and to office workers who witnessed a fully clothed Watts sitting on Lucas' lap. After Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Christine Ewell found Watts' letter to the arresting officer to be "insincere", Watts was ordered to write a second letter.
Filmography
Films
Magic Al and the Mind Factory (2000, as Ruth)
Something Like a Business (2010, as Chlamydia)
Starter Home (2010, as Adalie)
All Ages (2010, as Jodi)
Before Dawn Breaks (2011)
The Strange Thing About the Johnsons (2011, as Marianne)
Biggz (2011, as Megan)
The Rhythm Is Gonna Get You (2012, as Danielle)
Dulce (2012, as Homeless Woman)
Django Unchained (2012, as Coco)
You Are What I Want (2012, as Whitney Hinds)
Straight Down Low (2013, as Amber Adams)
420 Gentlemen: Rastafari Jamaican (2013)
Room in LA (2013, as Daniele)
Wingman Inc. (2013, as Amy)
The Bloody Indulgent (2014, as Drugged Girl #2)
ColorLines (2014, as Terri)
Wave (2014, as Gemma)
Muted (2014, as Crystal Gladwell)
Untitled Morgan Krantz Project (2015, filming)
We Are Family (2015, announced)
Scratch (2017, as Samantha)
Television
How I Met Your Mother (2008, 1 episode, as Lori)
Greek (2009, 1 episode, as Girl)
Cold Case (2009, 1 episode, as Donalyn Sullivan '91)
Detroit 1-8-7 (2010, 1 episode, as Shawna Johnson)
Criminal Minds (2010, 1 episode, as Tracy Anderson)
Private Practice (2010, 1 episode, as Lola)
Conan (2011, 1 episode, as Hubbard Daughter in the segment "Tyler Perry's Row 11")
90210 (2011, 1 episode, as Hannah)
Castle (2011, 1 episode, as Rebecca Montgomery)
Melissa & Joey (2011, 1 episode, as Jessie)
Weeds (2012, 8 episodes, as Angela Mullen)
Film Lab Presents (2014, 1 episode, as Mrs. Parks)
Partners (2014, 10 episodes, as Laura Jackson)
References
External links
Living people
Actresses from Atlanta
Year of birth missing (living people)
USC School of Dramatic Arts alumni
African-American actresses
Actresses from California
21st-century American actresses
20th-century American actresses
American film actresses
American television actresses
Alumni of the British American Drama Academy
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
Mann Lake is the largest of the shallow playa lakes in the northern part of the Alvord Valley in Harney County in the U.S. state of Oregon. The lake is a remnant of a larger Pleistocene lake that covered much of the valley, east of Steens Mountain. Fields–Denio Road runs along the east side of the lake.
Inflow to Mann Lake comes from small, intermittent streams, mainly from Steens Mountain. The lake, which has no outlet, but loses water by evaporation, is hypereutrophic. An influx of cattle waste from nearby rangelands adds to the lake's natural eutrophic state. Large concentrations of Cladophora algae are common.
The Bureau of Land Management operates the Mann Lake Recreation Site, about southeast of Burns by highway and unpaved road. The site has vault restrooms and boat ramps, but no other amenities. Recreation at or near the site includes fishing, camping, hiking, wildlife viewing, and amateur geology.
Mann Lake, stocked with Lahontan cutthroat trout, has been called "one of the premiere trout fisheries in southeast Oregon". Trout in the lake range in length from . Fishing is restricted to artificial flies and lures.
A large population of goldfish, introduced illegally, have at times multiplied in Mann Lake and competed for food with the smaller trout. In 2010, the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife treated the lake with rotenone, a piscicide, killing around 200,000 goldfish and fathead minnows while sparing nearly all the trout.
See also
List of lakes in Oregon
References
External links
Mann Lake Campground – Public Lands Information Center
Lakes of Oregon
Lakes of Harney County, Oregon
Endorheic lakes of Oregon
The men's middleweight (75 kg/165 lb) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the fifth heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments involving fifteen fighters. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules.
As there were too few fighters for a tournament designed for sixteen, one of the participants received a bye into the quarter finals. The tournament gold medal was won by Russian Ibragim Tamazaev who defeated Serbian Dragan Mićić in the final by unanimous decision. It was Tamazaev's second gold at W.A.K.O. in Low-Kick as he was the defending world champion from Agadir 2005. Defeated semi finalists Leszek Koltun from Poland and Stelian Angelov from Bulgaria won bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 (Skopje)
Sradha () is a 2000 Indian Malayalam language action film directed by I. V. Sasi and written by T. Damodaran and Dr. Rajendrababu. The film stars Mohanlal, Arun Pandian, Abhirami, Sangeetha, Indraja and Shobhana. It features a musical score and soundtrack composed by Bharathwaj. The plot follows the investigations of a police squad led by Ganga Prasad (Mohanlal) for a terrorist threat in the city. The film was released on 7 July 2000, and ended up as a critical and commercial failure. It was dubbed and released in Tamil titled Dhool Police and in Telugu as Abhi.
Plot
Ganga Prasad IPS (Mohanlal) is a police officer of the Anti Terrorist Wing of the State Police. He has a wife, Suma (Shobhana) and son Abi. A girl Swapna (Abhirami), who is attracted to Prasad, falls in love with him. Meanwhile, a group of hard-core terrorists led by Lucifer Munna (Arun Pandian) and Janisha (Sangeetha) wreak havoc at various parts of the city. How Gangaprasad resolves the terrorist attack forms the climax of the movie.
Cast
Mohanlal as Gangaprasad IPS, Director-Anti Terrorist Wing
Arun Pandian as Dr. Lucifer Munna
Abhirami as Swapna
Sangeetha as Janeesha
Indraja as Sudha CI, of Police
Shobhana as Suma Gangaprasad, wife of Gangaprasad
Seema as Nandhini Balachandran, Family friend of Gangaprasad, who conducts a play school for children
Vijayakumar as Narendran IPS, Anti Terrorist Wing officer
Devan as Dr. Balachandran, Nandhini's husband
Kozhikode Narayanan Nair as Sukumaran, Ganga Prasad's father
Janardhanan as Ayyappan, Swapna's father
Kunchan as Chandrappan
Mayuri Kango
V. K. Sreeraman as Jayadevan IPS Commissioner of Police
Spadikam George as DGP Karunakaran
Major Ravi as Fernandaz, IB Officer
Reshmi Soman as Beena
Anu Anand as Shaju
Bindu Ramakrishnan as Ganga Prasad's mother
Lekshmi Rattan
Sidharaj as S.P Rajashekharan IPS
Yamuna as SI
Mini Agustine
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by Bharathwaj and released by the label Satyam Audios.
References
External links
Malayalachalachithram.com
Malayalasangeetham.com
2000 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Indian action thriller films
Films about terrorism in India
Indian police films
Films scored by Bharadwaj (composer)
Fictional portrayals of the Kerala Police
2000 action thriller films
2000s police films
Films directed by I. V. Sasi
Events in the year 2021 in Senegal.
Incumbents
President: Macky Sall (since 2012)
Prime Minister: Mahammed Dionne
Events
Ongoing – COVID-19 pandemic in Senegal
January and February
January 7 – Diary Sow, 20, a student at Paris's Lycée Louis-le-Grand and known as "Senegal's best pupil," is reported missing. She apologized for her disappearance on January 22.
January 8 – An outbreak of H5N1 (bird flu) is reported on a farm in Thiès. 58,000 of the 100,000 flocks have been killed and the others culled.
January 9 – COVID-19 pandemic: Health Minister Ousseynou Badiane says Senegal does not have sufficient cold storage facilities for either the Pfizer–BioNTech or Moderna COVID-19 vaccine, and the country is awaiting vaccines through the World Health Organization-backed global COVAX scheme.
January 13 – Police used tear gas to break up a demonstration in Ngor, Dakar after President Macky Sall declared a 9 p.m.–5 a.m. curfew in Dakar and Thiès Region. Other demonstrations took place in Medina and Yoff areas and suburban Pikine, Guédiawaye, and Thiaroye.
January 23 – Hundreds of dead pelicans are found in the Djoudj National Bird Sanctuary.
January 27 – Three teenagers are arrested in a 2020 arson in Denver that killed five Senegalese immigrants to the United States.
February 8 – Supporters of opposition leader Ousmane Sonko clash with police in Dakar on Monday after is accused of rape.
February 11 – The army seizes several hectares of marijuana cultivation and a rebel base in Casamance.
February 25 – Senegal is one of four countries added to the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) list of places that are only partially in compliance with international efforts against financing terrorism and money laundering.
March and April
March 3 – Ousmane Sonko, opposition leader, is arrested on charges of disturbing the public order. He has also been accused of rape.
March 4
Supporters of Ousmane Sonko clash with police in Dakar and one person is killed in Bignona, Ziguinchor Region. Services of two private television stations are suspended.
Senegalese in New York protest Sonko's arrest in front of the United Nations.
March 5 – The death toll in the pro-Sonko demonstrations reaches four.
March 6 – A 17-year-old boy is shot during a demonstration in Vélingara Department. ECOWAS calls for calm and freedom to demonstrate.
March 8 – Ousmane Sonko is released from custody, but two more people are killed when police fire tear gas and rubber bullets at crowds in Dakar.
Scheduled and predicted events
Culture
Deaths
February 3 – Abdoul Aziz Mbaye, 66, diplomat and politician, Minister of Culture (since 2012); COVID-19.
March 14 – Thione Seck, 66, singer and musician in the mbalakh genre (Raam Daam)
See also
2021 in West Africa
COVID-19 pandemic in Africa
2020s
2020s in political history
Politics of Senegal
National Assembly (Senegal)
Economic Community of West African States
African Union
Community of Sahel–Saharan States
References
External links
'My brother died fighting for Senegal's youth' (BBC News, March 25, 2021)
2020s in Senegal
Years of the 21st century in Senegal
Senegal
Senegal
Zhambyl District may also refer to:
Zhambyl District, Almaty Province, a district of Almaty Province in Kazakhstan.
Zhambyl District, North Kazakhstan Province, a district of North Kazakhstan Province in Kazakhstan.
Zhambyl District, Zhambyl Province, a district of Zhambyl Province in Kazakhstan.
WFC Donchanka, also known as Donchanka TsPOR for sponsorship reasons, is a Ukrainian women's football club from Donetsk. Founded in 1992 as Tekstilshchik Donetsk, it was renamed as Donetsk-Ros in 1994 before taking its current name in 1997. Donchanka was the leading Ukrainian team for much of the 1990s, winning five championships and four national cups between 1994 and 1999. In 1999, the club lost its sponsors and leading players, and the shift was made to young talented players. It was third in the 2012 championship, its best result since 2003.
Titles
Ukrainian League
Winners (5): 1994, 1995, 1996, 1998, 1999
Runners-up (2): 2000, 2001
Third place (5):, 1997, 2002, 2003, 2012, 2013
Ukrainian Cup (4)
Winners (4): 1994, 1996, 1998, 1999
Runners-up (4): 1995, 1997, 1999, 2012
2012 squad
As of 20 December 2012, according to the club's website
References
Association football clubs established in 1992
Football clubs in Donetsk
Ukrainian Women's League clubs
1992 establishments in Ukraine
Women's football clubs in Ukraine
John C. Crabbe, Jr. is an American neuroscientist and behavior geneticist. He is a professor of behavioral neuroscience at the Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU) School of Medicine, where he has worked since 1979. He is also a senior research career scientist at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Portland, Oregon. He is also the former director of OHSU's Portland Alcohol Research Center.
Crabbe is known for his research using mouse models to study the pharmacogenetics of alcoholism. He is also known for a 1999 study he and his colleagues published documenting significant variations in certain mouse behaviors across different labs, even when they all tried to follow the same protocols. In 2011, he was chosen by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism to give the 16th annual Mark Keller Honorary Lecture.
Crabbe is a member of the editorial board of Genes, Brain and Behavior.
References
Living people
American neuroscientists
Behavior geneticists
Oregon Health & Science University faculty
Stanford University alumni
University of Colorado Boulder alumni
Researchers in alcohol abuse
Year of birth missing (living people)
Scientists from Portland, Oregon
Budhinanda Municipality (Nepali: बुढीनन्दा नगरपालिका) is the newly formed municipality in Bajura District in the Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal. It was formed in March 2017 in line with the Constitution of Nepal 2015 as per the requirement of Ministry of Federal Affairs and General Administration. The name of this municipality is originated after the name of temple and pound Budhinanda.
History
It is formed by merging previous VDCs named Kolti, Kotila, Pandusain, ward no. 8 & 9 of Baddhu VDC and ward no. 9 of Jagannath VDC.
Budhinanda municipality has an area of and the population of this municipality is 18,363. It is the second biggest municipality in terms of population and area of Bajura District. It is divided into 10 wards and the headquarters of this newly formed municipality is situated at Kolti. It is only municipality in Bajura which has an airport.
References
Bajura District
Municipalities of Nepal
Nepal municipalities established in 2017
Municipalities in Bajura District
This is a list of headphone manufacturers. A headphone is a pair of small loudspeakers that are designed to be held in place close to a user's ears. They are also known as earspeakers, earphones or, colloquially, cans. The alternative in-ear versions are known as earbuds or earphones. In the context of telecommunication, a headset is a combination of headphone and microphone. Headphones either have wires for connection to a signal source such as an audio amplifier, radio, CD player, portable media player, mobile phone, video game consoles, electronic musical instrument, or have a wireless device, which is used to pick up signal without using a cable.
Headphone manufacturers
AKG
Allen & Heath
Alesis
Amkette
Andrea Electronics
Apple Inc.
Arctic
Astell & Kern
Asus
AudioQuest
Audio-Technica
Bang & Olufsen
Beats Electronics
Behringer
Beyerdynamic
Boombotix
Bose Corporation
Bowers & Wilkins
Bush
Corsair
Creative
Denon
Devialet
Edifier
Encore Data Products
Fender Musical Instruments Corporation
Fiio
Focal
Focusrite
Fostex
Goji Electronics
Grado Labs
Happy Plugs
Harman Kardon
HiFiMAN Electronics
iBall
iFrogz
Jabra
JBL
JH Audio
JLab Audio
JVC
KEF
Klipsch Audio Technologies
Koss Corporation
Kygo Life AS
Logitech
LG
M-Audio
Marshall Amplification
Master & Dynamic
McIntosh
Meizu
Meze Audio
Microsoft
Monoprice
Monster
Nakamichi
Onkyo
OPPO Digital
Panasonic
Parrot SA
Phiaton
Philips
Pioneer (Pioneer DJ line)
Plantronics Gamecom
PSB
Razer
RHA Audio
Roland
Samsung
Sennheiser
Shure
Skullcandy
SMS Audio
Sol Republic
Sony
Stax Ltd
SteelSeries
Technics
Thinksound
Turtle Beach Systems
Ultimate Ears
Ultrasone
Underwater Audio
Urbanears
V-MODA
Velodyne
Vox (musical equipment)
Westone
Xiaomi
Yamaha
See also
Consumer electronics
List of microphone manufacturers
List of loudspeaker manufacturers
References
Headphone manufacturers
Yves Landry (born 13 April 1947) is a former Canadian cyclist. He competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Canadian male cyclists
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Canada
Sportspeople from Trois-Rivières
John Frederic Murray (June 8, 1927 – March 24, 2020) was an American pulmonologist best known for his work on acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), which was responsible for his death after he fell ill with COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Murray, the son of cartoonist and former Olympic hurdler Frederick “Feg” Murray, and his wife, Dorothy (née Hanna) was born in Mineola, New York. After his father moved the family to Los Angeles and after a period of wartime national service in the US navy as a radar engineer, Murray entered Stanford University and then the Stanford University Medical School, graduating in 1953. He was a Professor of Medicine emeritus at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) School of Medicine and Chief of Pulmonary and Critical Care at San Francisco General Hospital from 1966 to 1989. After retiring from his full-time positions, he lived part-time in France with his wife, the writer Diane Johnson, where he died in Paris after being infected by COVID-19.
Works
Murray and Nadel's Textbook of Respiratory Medicine
References
1927 births
2020 deaths
People from Mineola, New York
American pulmonologists
Stanford University alumni
Stanford Medical School alumni
UCSF School of Medicine faculty
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in France
The Kentucky Mountain Holiness Association (KMHA) is a Christian denomination in eastern Kentucky aligned with Holiness Methodist beliefs. The Association was begun in 1925 by Lela G. McConnell, a deaconess in the Methodist Episcopal Church. The Association maintains a Wesleyan-Holiness doctrine with a strong emphasis on sanctification. The association maintains an elementary school, a high school, a four-year Bible college, two radio stations, a district of churches, and a farm. Philip Speas is the current association president.
Although the Kentucky Mountain Holiness Association has 12 member churches, it does not consider itself to be a "denomination," and many of its member churches list themselves as "non-denominational." The Kentucky Mountain Holiness Association joined the National Holiness Association as a member (now known as the Christian Holiness Partnership), though many of its members are present at the Interchurch Holiness Convention as well.
History
The first organization, the Mount Carmel Church and School, was established by Dr. Lela G. McConnell in 1925. The first groundbreaking was on 10 March 1925. The Kentucky Mountain Holiness Association was formally incorporated in February 1931, and the Vancleve Bible School, known as the Kentucky Mountain Bible Institute (later Kentucky Mountain Bible College) was opened in October of the same year. A second grade school was opened in Lee City in 1935. A 100-acre farm was purchased for $4500 on July 3, 1942. The radio station was added by private donations, and went on the air July 23, 1948.
Effect
In 1946, Breathitt County voted to become a dry county. In 1957 a big brewery man visited all business places in Jackson. He asked, "Don't you want to vote again on the liquor issue?" All but two of the businessmen said, "No, our jail is practically empty. Before Local Option, the jail was overflowing most of the time. The brewery man said, "I'll be back later. Can't do anything now."
In May 1951, the judge of a certain county said to Miss McConnell, "The Circuit Court meets twice a year. This is the first time in 132 years that we have not had a murder case on the docket in this county."
One man in Lee County who used to ride horseback through a community to take his "turn of corn" to the mill, told us he often heard cursing, fighting and shooting along the creek. He said, "Now, since you have had two revivals there, all I ever hear is singing, 'Amazing Grace that saved a wretch like me' or 'Jesus, Lover of My soul.' If you had done nothing more than change that community, it is worth all your prayers, tears, and labors.
Member organizations
Schools
Kentucky Mountain Bible College, Vancleve, KY
Mount Carmel Schools, Vancleve, KY
Radio stations
The KMHA operates a Moody-affiliate radio station. It features both local, Southern Gospel programming and DJs, as well as syndicated shows and SRN news.
WMTC-FM 99.9 FM, Vancleve, Kentucky
Churches
Bear Pen Worship Center, Campton, KY
Burning Fork Community Church, Salyersville, KY
Five Mile Community Church, Vancleve, KY
Index Community Church, West Liberty, KY
Lakeview Community Church, Salt Lick, KY
London Community Church, London, KY
Old Time Religion Chapel, Campton, KY
Red River Community Church, Hazel Green, KY
Spencer Fork Community Church, Booneville, KY
Tallega Community Church, Beattyville, KY
Wide Creek Community Church, Lee County, KY
Woodsbend Community Church, West Liberty, KY
Farm
KMHA Farms, Vancleve, KY
References
Holiness denominations
Christian denominations established in the 20th century
1925 establishments in Kentucky
Christian organizations established in 1925
Electrophaes corylata, the broken-barred carpet, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Carl Peter Thunberg in 1792.
The distribution area ranges from Spain over western and central Europe and through the East Palearctic to Japan. In the north the expansion extends to Fennoscandia, in the south to Italy and the Balkans. It is absent in Portugal and Greece. Beech, birch, bog, and mixed bushy forest edges, orchards and semi-dry grasslands are preferred.
The wingspan is 22–30 mm. The ground colour of the front wings is variously dark brown, white and reddish brown. Olive colours prevail in some specimens. The median band is narrowed and can be sometimes interrupted. The outer cross line limited the midfield is much serrated. The margin field is obscured and is crossed by a strongly toothed white wavy line. There is a bright spot at the apex. The hind wings shimmer grey and have a dark cross line and a central spot.
The moths fly in one generation from May to June..
The larvae feed on a wide range of trees and bushes.
References
Notes
The flight season refers to the British Isles. This may vary in other parts of the range.
External links
Broken-barred carpet at UKMoths
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum e.V.
De Vlinderstichting
Cidariini
Moths of Japan
Moths of Europe
Moths described in 1792
Taxa named by Carl Peter Thunberg
Elections to the National Assembly of France were held in Algeria on 10 November 1946. The election was held with two colleges, citizens and non-citizens. Republican Rally and Algerian Unity won the most seats in the first college, whilst the Movement for the Triumph of Democratic Liberties won the most seats in the second college.
Results
First college
Second college
References
Elections in Algeria
1946-11
1946 in Algeria
1946 elections in Africa
1946 elections in France
Phymanthidae is a family of sea anemones belonging to the order Actiniaria.
Genera:
Epicystes Ehrenberg, 1834
Heteranthus Klunzinger, 1877
Phymanthus Milne Edwards & Haime, 1851
References
Actinioidea
Cnidarian families
Xiao Hua (萧华 or 肖华; January 21, 1916 – August 12, 1985), also known as Xiao Yizun (), was a general of the Chinese People's Liberation Army. He was a Hakka from Xingguo County, Jiangxi Province.
1916 births
1985 deaths
People's Liberation Army generals from Jiangxi
People from Xingguo County
Vice Chairpersons of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Oberländer's ground thrush (Geokichla oberlaenderi), also known as the forest ground-thrush, is a species of bird in the thrush family, Turdidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
Taxonomy
This species was described as Geocichla gurneyi oberlaenderi by Sassi in 1914. It was formerly considered a race of the orange ground thrush and the Abyssinian ground thrush. It is monotypic. The species is named after Philipp von Oberländer.
Distribution and habitat
There have been records of the species in the Ituri Forest, the Semliki Valley and the Itombwe Mountains in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and the Bwamba Forest and Bwindi Impenetrable Forest in Uganda, but it may have become locally extinct in some areas. In Uganda, the species is only known to still exist in Bwindi Impenetrable National Park. The size of its range is estimated at . Its habitat is riparian forests at elevations of .
Description
Its length is , and it weighs . The sexes are alike. The forehead and cheeks are deep rufous-chestnut. The back is rufous or orange-brown. The tail is brown. The median coverts have white spots, and the greater coverts are olive-black. The flight feathers are dark brown. On the underwings, the axillaries are whitish, the coverts are grey-brown, and there is a white band on the primaries and secondaries. The throat and breast are deep rufous-orange. The vent and undertail coverts are white. The legs are pinkish to whitish. The beak is black. There is a broken white eye-ring. The immature has a darker crown, dark patches on its face and a horn-brown beak, and its breast and upper belly have mottles or spots.
Behavior
It is not migratory, but may move locally. Its song is loud, mellow phrases, going up and down the scale. It forages on the ground, eating insects and slugs. Little is known about its breeding. Its eggs are undescribed. The breeding season is probably the rainy season and the late dry season. A nest made of dry grasses and strips and fibres of plants was found in Bwindi Impenetrable Forest in 1998. Squirrels later destroyed the nest. In 2007, a cup-shaped nest made of liverworts and ferns was found in Bwindi Impenetrable Forest. It was built on a branch of a tree and contained three nestlings.
Status
The population size of Oberländer's ground thrush is not known but may be very small. It is declining because of habitat loss. The species is threatened by forest degradation and deforestation. The IUCN Red List has listed the species as near threatened because it has a small, threatened range and possibly a very small population.
References
Oberländer's ground thrush
Birds of Central Africa
Oberländer's ground thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Clara de Hirsch Home for Working Girls was a non-sectarian teenage girls' home in New York City, New York, US, located at 225 East 63rd Street. Incorporated in 1897, it was supported by endowment. Clara de Hirsch donated $200,000. Participating girls were between the ages of fourteen and eighteen years. They paid $3.00 to $6.00 a week for board and lodging. The Hirsch Home's mission was improved the girls' mental, moral, and physical condition; and to train them for self-support. It maintained trade classes in hand sewing, machine operating, dressmaking, and millinery. Mrs. Oscar S. Strauss served as president, Carrie Wise was secretary, and Rose Sommerfield, was the resident director. In 1960, the board of directors sold the building and in the following year, the organization merged with the 92nd Street YMHA.
See also
List of condominiums and housing cooperatives in New York
References
1897 establishments in New York City
1961 disestablishments in New York (state)
Organizations established in 1897
Organizations disestablished in 1961
Student housing cooperatives in the United States
History of women in New York City
Women's organizations based in the United States
Defunct organizations based in New York City
Guy Willy Razanamasy (19 December 1928 – 18 May 2011) was a Malagasy politician who served as Prime Minister of Madagascar from 1991 to 1993.
Born in Antananarivo, Razanamasy worked as a pharmacist and drug manufacturer before becoming the director of pharmacological society of "cofarma" and entering politics. He was elected Mayor of Antananarivo in the 1980s.
President of Madagascar Didier Ratsiraka came under intense pressure in August 1991. Facing a general strike, a rival government formed by the Committee of Active Forces (FV) and led by Jean Rakotoharison, and an army reluctant to obey his orders, he replaced Prime Minister of Madagascar Victor Ramahatra with Razanamasy. Razanamasy called on the FV to join his government, and was able to persuade a few individuals to enter his first cabinet, then in October was able to sign an accord with the opposition to form a transitional government for a maximum of eighteen months. Although all real power was removed from Ratsiraka, Razanamasy remained in position and members of the FV joined his expanded cabinet. He retained the post until 1993.
In 1994, Razanamasy again became Mayor of Antananarivo, serving out his five-year term. He stood in the 1996 presidential election as the candidate of the Confederation of Civil Societies for Development, but took only 1.2% of the total votes cast and was eliminated in the first round.
References
1928 births
2011 deaths
Merina people
Prime Ministers of Madagascar
Mayors of Antananarivo
Malagasy pharmacists
Place of death missing
Emily Huntington (January 3, 1841 – December 5, 1909) was an American author and home economics educator. She is credited as the originator of the phrase 'kitchen-garden' which was used by early home economics groups.
Early life
Huntington was born in Lebanon, Connecticut on January 3, 1841 the second of four children of Dan and Emily (Wilson) Huntington. Her father was also from Lebanon and was a dry goods merchant. Her mother was born in Jewett City, Connecticut. Emily attended Wheaton Seminary in Norton, Massachusetts from 1856 to 1858 but did not graduate. In 1872 she moved to New York City.
Career
In New York she became matron of the Wilson Industrial School for Girls where she worked with poor, largely immigrant families living in the east side tenement district of the city. Concerned with her charges inability to perform even domestic tasks, she sought to make her lessons instructive and enjoyable.
Huntington took Friedrich Fröbel's concept of the kindergarten and applied it to the teaching of domestic skills in what she coined the "kitchen-garden system." Using this approach, Huntington wrote several books aimed at adults who hoped to educate their children, specifically daughters, in cooking and housekeeping skills. Books such as The Kitchen Garden; or, Object Lessons in Household Work included lesson plans and lists of materials needed to teach on a variety of household chores, as well as songs for pupils to sing while performing these chores. This method of teaching domestic skills was imitated in other books and in classes at industrial schools.
In 1880, the Kitchen-Garden Association was formed in New York, with the goal of educating the children of the "laboring classes" through Huntington's methods; classes were provided by the Association throughout New England until 1885, when it was dissolved and reformed as the Industrial Education Association, with a larger scope and mission. The organization was partially funded by philanthropist Grace Hoadley Dodge who had been a volunteer teacher with Huntington. Among the major effects of the organization were the introduction of classes in manual arts in the New York City public schools and the founding of Teachers College at Columbia University.
Huntington herself taught home economics at Wilson Industrial School for Girls, leaving in 1892 to become the superintendent of the New York Cooking School. She demonstrated her techniques at the World's Columbian Exposition in 1893. Along with Ellen Swallow Richards, she was one of the attendees invited to attend the first Lake Placid Conference on home economics in 1899. She led a session at the conference with the title "The Kitchen-Garden and the Kindergarten."
Death
Emily Huntington died of arteriosclerosis in 1909 in Windham, Connecticut after a lingering illness and was buried in Yantic Cemetery in Norwich, Connecticut.
Writings
Children's Kitchen-Garden Book (1881)
The Cooking Garden (1885)
How to Teach Kitchen Garden (1901)
Introductory Cooking Lessons (1901)
References
Home economists
Educators from New York (state)
19th-century American women educators
1841 births
1909 deaths
19th-century American educators
is a private junior college in Otofuke, Hokkaido, Japan, established in 1960.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1960
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hokkaido
Japanese junior colleges
1960 establishments in Japan
The 530th Air Defense Group is a disbanded United States Air Force organization. Its last assignment was with the 9th Air Division at Geiger Field, Washington. It was inactivated on 18 August 1955. The group was originally activated as a support unit for the 301st Bombardment Group at the end of World War II in Italy and then redeployed to the United States where it continued to support the 301st until it was inactivated in 1945.
The group was activated once again in 1953, when ADC established it as the headquarters for a dispersed fighter-interceptor squadron and the medical, maintenance, and administrative squadrons supporting it. It was replaced in 1955 when ADC transferred its mission, equipment, and personnel to the 84th Fighter Group in a project that replaced air defense groups commanding fighter squadrons with fighter groups with distinguished records during World War II.
History
World War II
The group was first activated as the 530th Air Service Group toward the end of World War II to provide support for a flying unit in Italy in 1945 as part of a reorganization of Army Air Forces (AAF) support groups in which the AAF replaced Service Groups that included personnel from other branches of the Army and supported two combat groups with Air Service Groups including only Air Corps units, it was designed to support a single combat group. Its 956th Air Engineering Squadron provided maintenance that was beyond the capability of the combat group, its 780th Air Material Squadron handled all supply matters, and its Headquarters & Base Services Squadron provided other support. The 530th supported the 301st Bombardment Group at Foggia, Italy. The group returned to the United States and briefly supported the 301st Bombardment Group again at Pyote Army Air Field before all units at Pyote were inactivated in late 1945. The 530th was disbanded in 1948.
Cold War
During the Cold War the group was reconstituted, redesignated as the 530th Air Defense Group, and activated at Geiger Field on 18 February 1953 with responsibility for air defense of the Northwestern United States. The group replaced the 87th Air Base Squadron as USAF host organization at Geiger Field. It was assigned three squadrons to perform its support responsibilities. The organizations it supported included its headquarters, the 4702d Defense Wing, and later the 9th Air Division. Its first operational squadron, the 440th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (FIS), was activated at Geiger two days later flying airborne intercept radar equipped and Mighty Mouse rocket armed North American F-86D Sabre aircraft. In March 1953, a second F-86D squadron, the 445th FIS was activated at Geiger.
In July 1954, the 440th FIS moved overseas and was reassigned away from the group. In December 1954, the 530th once again had two flying squadrons, when the 520th FIS, another F-86D unit, was activated. The 530th was inactivated and replaced by the 84th Fighter Group (Air Defense) in 1955 as part of Air Defense Command's Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. The group was disbanded again in 1984.
Lineage
Constituted as 530th Air Service Group on 16 December 1944
Activated on 18 May 1945
Inactivated on 17 October 1945
Disbanded on 8 October 1948
Reconstituted and redesignated 530th Air Defense Group on 21 January 1953
Activated on 16 February 1953
Inactivated on 18 August 1955
Disbanded on 27 September 1984
Assignments
Unknown, 1 June 1945 (probably XV Air Force Service Command)
20th Bombardment Wing (later VIII Bomber Command),ca. July 1945 – 17 October 1945
4702d Defense Wing, 16 February 1953
9th Air Division 8 October 1954 – 18 August 1955
Stations
Unknown (possibly Lucera), Italy 18 May 1945
Foggia, Italy, 1 June 1945 – ca. July 1945
Mountain Home Army Air Field, Idaho 17 August 1945
Pyote Army Airfield, 23 August 1945 – 17 October 1945
Geiger Field, Washington, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
Components
Operational Squadrons
440th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 18 February 1953 – 1 July 1954
445th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 20 March 1953 – 18 August 1955
520th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 8 December 1954 – 18 August 1955
Support Organizations
530th Air Base Squadron 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
530th Material Squadron 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
530th Medical Squadron (later 530th USAF Infirmary) 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
780th Air Material Squadron 18 May 1945 – 17 October 1945
956th Air Engineering Squadron 18 May 1945 – 17 October 1945
Aircraft
North American F-86D Sabre, 1953–1955
See also
Aerospace Defense Command Fighter Squadrons
List of F-86 Sabre units
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Bibliography
Buss, Lydus H.(ed), Sturm, Thomas A., Volan, Denys, and McMullen, Richard F., History of Continental Air Defense Command and Air Defense Command July to December 1955, Directorate of Historical Services, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, CO, (1956)
Further reading
Grant, C.L., (1961) The Development of Continental Air Defense to 1 September 1954, USAF Historical Study No. 126
External links
0530
Aerospace Defense Command units
Military units and formations disestablished in 1984
Military units and formations established in 1953
Yelena Anatolyevna Khudashova (, born 10 July 1965 in Khabarovsk) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
Russian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Olympic basketball players of the Unified Team
Olympic basketball players of Russia
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic gold medalists for the Unified Team
Olympic medalists in basketball
Sportspeople from Khabarovsk
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
The National Institute of Public Cooperation and Child Development (NIPCCD) is an Indian government agency in New Delhi under the Ministry of Women and Children Development tasked with promotion of voluntary action research, training and documentation in the overall domain of women empowerment and child development in India. Established in 1966, the Institute has four Regional Centres, Guwahati (1978), Bangalore (1980), Lucknow (1982), and Indore (2001). In April 1985, the Institute received the Maurice Pate Memorial Award from UNICEF in honor of "its work in developing services for children, training, research and advocacy".
See also
Women in India
Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS)
References
External links
Website: Ministry of Women and Child Development, GOI
Website: National Institute of Public Cooperation and Child Development, New Delhi
Government agencies of India
The echidna flea (Bradiopsylla echidnae) is the larger of two species of flea commonly found on the short-beaked echidna. It is monotypic, that is, the only species in the genus. This flea reaches 4 millimetres in length and has been claimed to be the world's largest flea. This statement is in error as the world's largest flea is known to be the mountain beaver flea which can be as large as 12 millimetres in length.
The echidna flea is found on short-beaked echidnas in southeastern Australia and Tasmania although echidnas are distributed more widely throughout Australasia, and has not been recorded from New Guinea where other genera of echidna occur (Zaglossus and Tachyglossus).The echidna flea has also been recorded once from a Tasmanian devil.
The echidna flea has been used in several molecular studies as the outgroup for phylogenetic trees of cat and dog fleas.
References
Fleas
Insects of Australia
Insects described in 1843
Nikita Vladimirovich Chagrov (; born 24 April 1995) is a Russian football player, who currently plays for Iceland second-tier side Kórdrengir.
Club career
He made his debut in the Russian Professional Football League for FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye on 26 August 2016 in a game against FC Armavir.
He made his Russian Football National League debut for FC Avangard Kursk on 4 March 2018 in a game against FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk.
On 17 January 2020, he signed a 2.5-year contract with Russian Premier League club FC Tambov. He made his Russian Premier League debut for Tambov on 26 September 2020 in a game against FC Spartak Moscow.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Footballers from Moscow
Association football goalkeepers
Russian footballers
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Rostov players
FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye players
FC Avangard Kursk players
FC Tambov players
Kórdrengir players
Russian Premier League players
1. deild karla players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Iceland
Chicken can be used, usually by gay men referring to other gay men, to mean a young gay man or young-appearing gay man.
Author Bruce Rodgers defines the term as "1. any boy under the age of consent, heterosexual, fair of face, and unfamiliar with homosexuality ("So many chickens were flapping around that I thought we were touring Colonel Sanders' plantation”) 2. juvenile, youthful, young-looking." Others have defined it as a young man who engages in sex for money or favors.
In the subculture of the gay community which uses handkerchiefs or bandanas as a code, people who identify as "Chicken" wear a Kewpie doll in their left back pocket. Those who are interested in young men - referred to as chickenhawks—are denoted in the hanky code as wearing one on the right.
David Henry Sterry, a former prostitute turned actor and director, titled his 2002 memoir, Chicken: Self-Portrait of a Young Man for Rent. Author Philip Herbst traces its origin to the 19th century, where it was used to describe the youngest sailors on a ship, who were often used for sexual purposes.
See also
Twink
References
External links
Matt & Andrej Koymasky Glossary of Gay Slang Terms — C (includes definitions of "chicken" and derivatives)
LGBT-related slurs
LGBT slang
Lewis Courtney Gordon (born 12 February 2001) is a professional footballer who plays as a left back for EFL League One club Bristol Rovers. He is a product of the Watford academy and began his professional career with Brentford. He was capped by Scotland at youth level.
Club career
Youth years
A left back, Gordon joined the Watford academy at U7 level and progressed to sign his first professional contract on 6 March 2018. Gordon was named the club's 2017–18 Academy Player of the Year and progressed to the U23 team, but after a spell on loan with National League South club St Albans City, he was released in June 2020.
Brentford
On 4 September 2020, Gordon joined the B team at Championship club Brentford and signed a one-year contract, with the option of a further year, on a free transfer. He made his first team debut with a start in a 2–1 FA Cup third round victory over Middlesbrough on 9 January 2021. Gordon was an unused substitute during four late-regular season matches, but was not involved during Brentford's successful playoff campaign. Gordon made 32 appearances and scored one goal during the 2020–21 B team season and the one-year option on his contract was taken up in June 2021. Gordon spent the majority of the 2021–22 pre-season with the first team squad, but did not win a call-up during the regular season. Following more than 70 B team appearances over two seasons, Gordon was released when his contract expired at the end of the 2021–22 season.
Bristol Rovers
Following a trial period with Crystal Palace U23, Gordon signed a two-year contract with League One club Bristol Rovers on 6 August 2022. He made his debut for the club later that day, with a start in a 4–0 win over Burton Albion.
International career
Of Scottish descent through his grandmother, Gordon was capped by Scotland at U17 and U19 level. He was a part of the Scotland squad which was unsuccessful in qualifying for the 2018 UEFA European U17 Championship.
Career statistics
Honours
Brentford B
London Senior Cup: 2021–22
Individual
Watford Academy Player of the Year: 2017–18
References
External links
Lewis Gordon at bristolrovers.co.uk
2001 births
Living people
English people of Scottish descent
Footballers from Greater London
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Black British sportspeople
Scotland youth international footballers
Watford F.C. players
St Albans City F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
National League (English football) players
English Football League players
Acacia howittii, commonly known as sticky wattle or Howitt's wattle, is a tree species that is endemic to Victoria, Australia.
Description
The shrub or tree an erect or spreading habit, growing up to high and it has pendulous and slender branchlets with pubescent ribs. Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves The phyllodes are up to in length and wide. The thin dark green phyllodes have a narrowly elliptic to lanceolate shape with two to three distinct nerves per face. The globular pale-yellow flowerheads appear in the leaf axils in October (in Australia). The simple inflorescences occur singly or in pairs in the axils and have spherical flower-heads that contain 12 to 20 pale yellow lemon yellow flowers. Following flowering straight seed pods form that are up to long The firmly chartaceous to thinly coriaceous brown seed pods have a narrowly oblong to linear shape with a width of and are mostly glabrous but are hairy around the margins. The seeds inside are arranged longitudinally. The shiny dark brown seeds have an oblong shape with a length of and have a terminal aril.
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by Victorian Government Botanist Ferdinand von Mueller in The Victorian Naturalist in 1893. Mueller's description was based on material collected by Alfred William Howitt, for whom the species is named.
It was reclassified as Racosperma howittii by Leslie Pedley in 2003 but was transferred back to genus Acacia in 2006.
It belongs to the Acacia verniciflua complex where hybrids occur between A. howittii and the Dandenong variant of Acacia leprosa.
Distribution
It is native to an area in eastern Victoria from around the from the upper reaches of the Macalister River area near Mount Howitt in the north and down to around Yarram in the south and extending east to around Tabberabbera where it is usually situated in moist forest environments.
Although regarded as a rare species, it is commonly cultivated, and has become naturalised in areas outside its original range.
References
howittii
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Fabales of Australia
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Plants described in 1893
Jean-Marc Lalonde (born August 19, 1935) is a politician in Ontario, Canada. He was a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1995 to 2011 who represented the riding of Glengarry-Prescott-Russell. He was mayor of Rockland, Ontario from 1976 to 1991 and was elected as a municipal councillor in 2014.
Background
Lalonde was born in the county of Prescott and Russell on August 19, 1935. He was employed in the Public Service of Canada from 1956 to 1990. He served for a time as the manager of the Canadian Government Printing Bureau, and was responsible for the establishment and operation of technical training and development for the Canada Communications Group. Outside of public service, Lalonde was a co-owner of the Hull Olympiques ice hockey team in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League for several years, and was a director of the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association from 1972 to 1976.
Politics
He was mayor of Rockland, Ontario from 1976 to 1991. For eleven years, Lalonde was a director of the Association of Municipalities of Ontario, and was also the vice-president of the Francophone Association of Municipalities of Ontario for a time.
Lalonde was elected to the Ontario legislature in the 1995 provincial election, in the riding of Prescott and Russell in the easternmost section of the province. The Progressive Conservatives won the election, and Lalonde joined 29 other Liberals in the official opposition. He was re-elected without difficulty in the new riding of Glengarry-Prescott-Russell in the general election of 1999.
The Liberals won the 2003 election, in which Lalonde defeated his closest opponent by almost 20,000 votes. Lalonde served as the Parliamentary Assistant for the Minister of Health Promotion. Prior to that, he has also worked as Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Economic Development and Trade, as Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Small Business and Entrepreneurship, Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Transportation and Chair of the Small Business Agency of Ontario.
In the 2007 election, Lalonde was re-elected in his riding by a commanding margin over PC candidate Dennis Pommainville.
On April 13, 2011, Lalonde announced that he would not run in the 2011 election.
In 2014, he returned to politics as a municipal councillor in the town of Clarence-Rockland.
After politics
Lalonde was appointed as a Member of the Order of Canada for his contributions in public service and promoting bilingualism services in both English and French in Ontario.
Electoral record
References
External links
1935 births
Franco-Ontarian people
Living people
Mayors of places in Ontario
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
People from Clarence-Rockland
Members of the Order of Canada
21st-century Canadian politicians
Gomur may refer to:
Gemer (village), Slovakia
Gomk, village in Armenia
See also
Gömür (disambiguation)
MoD Feltham (formerly Feltham Barracks) is a secure military installation in Feltham, Middlesex.
History
This land was first acquired by the War Department during the First World War; by 1917 it was serving as an Air Acceptance Park with an aerodrome attached. After the war, in 1922, the Royal Army Service Corps (RASC) took over the site and buildings to serve as its Mechanical Transport Depot. The following year Feltham House, on the northern edge of the site, was purchased to serve as an officers' mess. (Believed to have been built in the 1770s for the Villebois family, the house (then known as Feltham Place) passed through several owners, serving for a time as a boys' school before being bought by 'Cabbage King' Alfred Smith in 1897.) It is a Grade II listed building with interiors designed or influenced by James Wyatt. It continued in use as an officer's mess through the 20th century (and was extended in the 1960s); however, as of 2018, it is unoccupied and has been placed on the Heritage at Risk Register.
By the 1930s barrack blocks were laid out in rows to the south of Feltham House, while large industrial-type sheds to the east and further south were served by a set of tramlines linked to the mainline railway. The easternmost part of the site was (and remains) in use as playing fields. By the time of the Second World War the site was designated No. 1 Vehicle Reserve Depot; it also housed the RASC's Mechanical Transport Stores Depot and Mechanical Transport Heavy Repair Shop, as well as the RASC Driving School.
Feltham continued to serve as a Central Vehicle Depot (CVD) and Central Ordnance Depot (COD) of the Royal Army Ordnance Corps after the war (the RAOC having taken over responsibility for vehicle storage from the RASC in 1942). In 1962 part of the site was taken over by military intelligence as a facility specialising in the gathering and analysis of cartographic data. The closure of CVD Feltham was announced in 1969 and in 1970 COD Feltham was redesignated as an Ordnance Support Unit (OSU). In the 1970s the tramways were removed and a sizeable area to the south of the site was sold for redevelopment. OSU Feltham closed in 1996. In the 21st century the site remained in use as the Defence Geographic Centre (DGC) 'its primary role [being] to provide land maps, aeronautical charts, positional information, geo-referenced imagery and digital data in [various] formats for UK defence planning, operations and training'. The Defence HUMINT Organisation (DHO) was also based at Feltham. In 2012 DGC had a (largely civilian) staff of 400; its library included a global collection of over 700,000 maps, charts and atlases. DHO had 350 personnel, drawn from across the three services. In 2016 MOD Feltham was earmarked for disposal by the MOD, with an expected closure date of 2023.
References
Barracks in England
Installations of the British Army
Duilio Marzio (November 27, 1923 - July 25, 2013) was a well-known Argentine cinema and theatre actor.
Life and work
Marzio was born Duilio Bruno Perruccio La Stella in Buenos Aires to Sicilian immigrants, in 1923. He enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires Law School, obtaining a juris doctor. Shortly afterwards, however, his interest in the theatre lured him away from his post in a local law firm, and he first starred on the stage in 1949 opposite Paulina Singerman in Antonio Cunill Cabanellas' Fin de semana (Weekend).
His friendship with actor Pepe Soriano helped persuade him to continue acting, against his father's wishes. He starred with Soriano in numerous plays from 1951 on and in 1953, he was offered his first film role. The starring role opposite Diana Maggi in period piece filmmaker Leopoldo Torre Nilsson's La tigra (The Tigress) led to frequent subsequent roles, both leading and secondary. He worked for Torre Nilsson again in 1959, starring in La caída (The Fall).
These roles in film and theatre earned Marzio a fellowship to Lee Strasberg's prestigious New York City drama school, the Actors Studio, in 1960. Marzio was a guest in Strasberg's apartment during his two-year stay in New York, and was the only Argentine actor so honored by the iconic method acting instructor. His memorable stay in the United States included Strasberg's lending him a car with which he traveled to California.
He returned to star in Ralph Pappier's Operación G and Fernando Ayala'a Paula cautiva with Susana Freyre, a regular co-star of his in the theatre. He was cast as himself in 1964 for Daniel Tinayre's adaptation of French author Guy des Cars' Cette étrange tendresse (Strange Tenderness). Aside from a cameo, however, he then left the cinema until 1974, when he led the cast in Bernardo Arias' El fuego del pecado. A dearth in Argentine film production during the dictatorship installed in 1976, helped lead to another long hiatus from cinema, and Marzio worked both in the theatre and television.
Marzio returned to film in Raúl de la Torre 1986 period piece, Pobre mariposa (Poor Butterfly), and starred with American actor Don Stroud in a 1988 U.S.-Argentine production, Two to Tango. A 1992 adaptation of Albert Camus's The Plague (directed by Luis Puenzo) also included the steely-eyed Marzio, and also worked with French actress Dominique Sanda and Federico Luppi in Edgardo Cozarinsky's Guerriers et captives (Warriors and Prisoners).
His role as writer Jorge Luis Borges in Enrique Estrazulas' historical play Borges y Perón earned Marzio his first ACE Award in 1998. In Pablo Parés' gothic Jennifer's Shadow (2004), Marzio was cast as the concerned mystic, "Darío Bardevil," and starred with Faye Dunaway. Alejandro Doria directed Marzio in the 2006 historical drama, Las manos (The Hands) and musician/filmmaker Fito Páez cast him as the dictator in his satirical ¿De quién es el portaligas? (Whose Belt is This?). He continued to work in the theatre well into his eighties, notably in a 2009 stage adaptation of Hungarian writer Sándor Márai's The Last Encounter, for which he earned a second ACE Award.
Marzio, whose several lengthy relationships never led to marriage, was fond of a line in Federico Fellini's La strada: "Every stone in life has its reason for being there." He underwent coronary bypass surgery in June 2013, but did not ultimately recover. The noted film and stage actor died in Buenos Aires a month later at age 89; he was interred in Chacarita Cemetery.
Partial filmography
Días de odio (1954) - The Young
La tigra (1954) - Luis
Sinfonía de juventud (1955)
El amor nunca muere (1955)
La Tierra del Fuego se apaga (1955)
El curandero (1955)
Ayer fue primavera (1955)
Marta Ferrari (1956)
Surcos en el mar (1956)
Edad difícil (1956)
Operación Antartida (1957)
To-do sea para bien (1957)
El jefe (1958)
En la ardiente oscuridad (1958)
La caída (1959) - José María
The Candidate (1959)
Un Guapo del '900 (1960) - Clemente Ordóñez
Sábado a la noche, cine (1960)
Plaza Huincul (Pozo Uno) (1960)
A puerta cerrada (1962)
Operación G (1962)
Primero yo (1964)
Paula cautiva (1964) - Sutton
Extraña ternura (1964) - Himself
The Revenge of Ivanhoe (1965) - Cedric of Hastings
Turismo de carretera (1968)
El inquisidor (1975) - Dr. Carlos Herrera
La Raulito (1975) - Doctor
Pobre mariposa (1986)
Two to Tango (1989) - Paulino Velasco
Guerriers et captives (1990) - Master Pacheco / Maître Pacheco
The Plague (1992) - Judge Orbon
Tres pájaros (2002) - Gregorio Rellán
Jennifer's Shadow (2004) - Darío Baredevil
Las manos (2006) - Monseñor Alessandri
¿De quién es el portaligas? (2007) - Comodoro
Silencios (2009) - Padre de Inés
Horizontal/Vertical (2009) - Aldo
La Cacería (2012) - Federico Kappler (final film role)
References
External links
1923 births
2013 deaths
Male actors from Buenos Aires
Argentine people of Sicilian descent
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Actors Studio alumni
Argentine male film actors
Argentine male stage actors
Argentine television personalities
Burials at La Chacarita Cemetery
Edy J. Korthals Altes, (5 March 1924 – 25 December 2021) was a Dutch diplomat who, in 1986, resigned from his ambassador post in Madrid in connection with his public stand on the arms race. Altes was born in Vught, Netherlands on 5 March 1924. He studied economics at Erasmus University Rotterdam, and married Deetje Meijer in 1950. Altes died on 25 December 2021, at the age of 97.
Career in Foreign Service
Served in New York; Colombo; Paris (Economic Committee of the Organisation for European Economic Co-operation)
The Hague; Bonn (1962–1967) CounsellorPress/Cultural Affairs
Rome (1967–1970) Counsellor Economic Affairs
Djakarta (1970–1972) Minister Plenipotentiary-Deputy Head of Mission
Brussels (1973–1977) Deputy Permanent Representative European Communities
Warsaw (1977–1980) Ambassador; The Hague (1980–1982) Head of Foreign Service
Madrid (1983–1986) Ambassador
Memberships
After 1986, Edy Korthals Altes was an outspoken proponent of global peace and security, inter-religious cooperation, and spiritual renewal as vice chairman of the Dutch chapter of the Pugwash Movement (1987–1995), chairman of the Section International Affairs of the Netherlands Council of Churches (1990–1996), co-president of the European Ecumenical Commission on Development (1991–1993), Member EKD Advisory Commission for Development Affairs (1992–1997, Germany) and president of the World Conference of Religions for Peace (1994–1999, honorary president (1999–2004). He was latterly a fellow of the World Academy of Art and Science.
Bibliography
Edy Korthals Altes (1988). Mens of Marionet Balans, Amsterdam.
Edy Korthals Altes (1988). Een dure keizer zonder kleren Kok, Kampen.
Edy Korthals Altes (1999). Heart and Soul for Europe Van Gorcum, Assen.
Edy Korthals Altes (2002). Europa Ontwaak! Damon, Budel 2001 (Second edition 2002).
Edy Korthals Altes (2002). Spiritualiteit Valkhofpers, Nijmegen.
Edy Korthals Altes (2006). Cuore e Anima per l'Europa, Un cammino verso il Rinnovamento Spirituale. Franco Angeli, Milano.
Edy Korthals Altes (2008). Spiritual Awakening. The Hidden Key to Peace and Security, Just and Sustainable Economics, A Responsible European Union. Peeters, Leuven - Paris - Dudley, MA.
Contributions to third party publications
A Diplomatic Conversion: From MAD to Mutual Assured Security, in: ‘The Nuclear Mentality', Pluto Press, 1989.
Progress and Failure in Arms control, in: New Technologies and Arms Race, Macmillan ‘89.
East-West economic cooperation: Problems and Perspectives (Russisch), in: International Relations Magazine (No.11, 1989) Moskou.
Die Zivilisierung des Konflikts, Eine Skizze, Loccumer Protokolle 4, 1989.
Integration or continued Marginalization? in: ‘Towards a Secure World in the 21st Century', Annals of Pugwash 1990, Taylor and Francis.
The Arms race, Development and the Environment in Peacetime; Proceedings Seminar in Perm November 1991, Peace Research Institute Oslo.
Religions and Politics in Europe- a coalition for survival?, Interreligiöse Erziehung 2000, Die Zukunft der Religions- und Kulturbegegnung, Nürnberger Forum 1997. E.B.Verlag, Hamburg.
Evangelium und Kultur, Zie: ‘Ökonomie und Spiritualität, Verantwortliches Wirtschaften im Spiegel der Religionen', E.B. Verlag, Hamburg.
The Gospel challenging the Domination of Economics in Modern Society in: ‘A soul for Europe, Ethics and Spirituality in the Process of European Integration',1998, Ecumenical Association of Academies and Laity Centres in Europe.
Religies van confrontatie naar coöperatie, in ‘Opties voor de toekomst', Kok, Agora 1998.
Op weg naar een duurzame en rechtvaardige economie, in: ‘Integrity of Earth and Life', Oproep tot consuminderen en respect voor de schepping, Uitgave LMC 2002.
Spiritual Values in European cultural life. in ‘Socially engaged spirituality', Essays in Honor of Sulak Sivaraksa on his 70th birthday. Sathirakoses-Nagapra-dipa Foundation, Bangkok 2003.
Europa's rol in een onveilige wereld, Zie: ‘Europa- Balans en Richting' Lannoo Campus 2003.
The Contribution of the European Union to Peace and Security in an Unbalanced World, in The United States and Europe: partners or rivals?, Conference Report November 2004, The Hague
The Relevance of the Spiritual Factorfor a New Approach to Peace and Security, in Conference proceedings TU-Eindhoven on Science, Technology and Peace, 2006
The Contribution of Religions to a Just and Sustainable Economic Development, in the Pari Dialogues, Volume 1, 2007
Today's Response to ‘War Contrary to the Will of God', in The Ecumenical Movement at Crossroads, 2008
A New Spirit for Europe, in Imagine Europe, Uitg. Garant, Antwerpen, 2009
Impressions of crucial years: Poland, 1970–1980, in Poland and the Netherlands: a case study of European relations, Republic of Letters, 2011
Van mateloos naar menselijke maat, in Pamflet2.nl Leidende Idealen, uitg. Van Gorcum, 2012.
Een Europese bijdrage aan een duurzame wereld, in ‘Europa en de wereld' - uit. Europese Beweging Nederland, 2014
References
External links
World Conference Religions for Peace
Center of New Learning
SPES Spirituality in Economy and Society
Pugwash Conferences on Science and World Affairs
WAAS World Academy of Art and Science
Spacedebate.org
1924 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Dutch diplomats
Dutch whistleblowers
Erasmus University Rotterdam alumni
Nuclear weapons policy
People from Vught
Dutch expatriates in Spain
Ambassadors of the Netherlands to Poland
Ambassadors of the Netherlands to Spain
William Ripley Brown (July 16, 1840 – March 3, 1916) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born in Buffalo, New York, Brown studied at Phillips Exeter Academy, Exeter, New Hampshire. He went on to attend and graduate from Union College, Schenectady, New York, in 1862. He went immediately to Kansas and settled in Emporia. He studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1864 and commenced practice in Emporia, Kansas. He served as judge of the ninth judicial district of Kansas 1867-1877.
Brown was elected as a Republican to the Forty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1875 – March 3, 1877). He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1876. He resumed the practice of law in Hutchinson, Kansas. Register of the United States land office in Larned, Kansas from 1883 to 1885. He moved to El Reno, Oklahoma, in 1892. Probate judge of Canadian County 1894-1898. He died in Kansas City, Missouri on March 3, 1916. He was interred in Lawrence Cemetery, Lawrence, Kansas.
References
1840 births
1916 deaths
Union College (New York) alumni
Kansas state court judges
Oklahoma state court judges
Phillips Exeter Academy alumni
Politicians from Hutchinson, Kansas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
People from Larned, Kansas
19th-century American judges
Arionoidea is a taxonomic group, superfamily of air-breathing land slugs, shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.
Families
Families within the superfamily Arionoidea include:
Arionidae
Anadenidae
Ariolimacidae
Binneyidae
Oopeltidae
Philomycidae
References
Stylommatophora
Taxa named by John Edward Gray
David Cairns (born 9 February 1951) is a retired Scottish footballer who made over 140 appearances in the Scottish League for Cowdenbeath as a left back. He also played for Brechin City, Berwick Rangers, Forfar Athletic, Raith Rovers and East Fife.
Career statistics
Honours
Cowdenbeath
Fife Cup: 1970–71
Individual
Cowdenbeath Hall of Fame
References
1951 births
Scottish footballers
Living people
Association football fullbacks
Sportspeople from St Andrews
Cowdenbeath F.C. players
Rangers F.C. players
Berwick Rangers F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Brechin City F.C. players
St Johnstone F.C. players
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
East Fife F.C. players
Forfar Athletic F.C. players
Footballers from Fife
The Report of the Panel on United Nations Peace Operations (2000) is commonly called the Brahimi Report, named for the chairman of the commission that produced it, Lakhdar Brahimi. UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan had convened the Panel on March 7, 2000, ahead of the upcoming Millennium Summit, and had tasked it with making a thorough review of United Nations peace and security activities and recommending improvements. The report was published on August 17, 2000. In identical letters dated 21 August 2000 transmitting the report to the presidents of the UN General Assembly and the UN Security Council, Annan called the Panel's recommendations "essential to make the United Nations truly credible as a force for peace."
The Report stands among the 1992 Agenda For Peace and the 1995 Supplement to an Agenda for Peace as one of the main documents on UN peacekeeping reform.
The report noted that the United Nations member states have not yet implemented a standing UN army or standing UN police force. As a result, UN peace operations have been based on ad hoc coalitions of willing states. The report addressed many of the resulting dysfunctions of United Nations peace and security operations, including lack of commitment from Member States to make available standing peace operations personnel and resources, and particularly its inability to carry out its mission for lack of a proper global information collection, processing, and analysis capability. In combination with the service of MajGen Patrick Cammaert of the Royal Netherlands Marines, and the publication of the first book on Peacekeeping Intelligence, which was put on display at 1 UN Plaza, the Brahimi Report lead the United Nations to focus more on "intelligence". Now better understood as "decision support," intelligence is still not present at the United Nations, but efforts are being made to establish information capabilities that can address the ten threats identified by the High Level Threat Panel.
The United Nations Security Council adopted several provisions relating to peacekeeping following the report, in Resolution 1327 (2000).
Brahimi Report Overview
Enhancing rapid deployment of peacekeeping operations;
Strengthening the relationship with Member States and legislative bodies;
Reforming the management culture of peacekeeping operations;
Reforming the peacekeeping operations relationship with field missions;
Strengthening relationships with other United Nations bodies.
Long-term/ Short-term strategic planning
UN Missions must be flexible
Rapid deployment standards and "on-call" expertise (6–12 weeks deployment of troops)
Enhance headquarters capacity to plan and support peace operations
Among the recommendations in the Report were:
a call for more robust mandates so as to enable UN operations to effectively protect themselves, civilians and their mandate.
the idea of a new information-gathering and analysis entity to support the informational and analytical needs of the Secretary-General
the creation of a regularly updated list of potential leadership personal and experts for Peacekeeping missions
the creation of multinational standby forces ready to deploy on short notice
the authorization of the Secretary-General to commit up to $50 Million for the preparation of a peacekeeping mission in advance of a final Security Council mandate
an increase in the size of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations
External links
Brahimi Report
United Nations peacekeeping
United Nations reports
2000 documents
2000 in international relations
A Master of Science in Nursing (MSN) is an advanced-level postgraduate degree for registered nurses and is considered an entry-level degree for nurse educators and managers. The degree also may prepare a nurse to seek a career as a nurse administrator, health policy expert, or clinical nurse leader. The MSN may be used as a prerequisite for doctorate-level nursing education, and used to be required to become an advanced practice registered nurse such as a nurse practitioner, clinical nurse specialist, nurse anesthetist, or nurse midwife.
This graduate-level degree may focus on one or more of many different advanced nursing specialties such as acute care, adult, family, gerontology, neonatology, palliative care, pediatric, psychiatric, or obstetrics and gynecological nursing.
More recently, universities have begun to offer Master of Science pre-registration nursing courses, which cover the registration process and nurse training of the undergraduate course, but with master's-level academic components. This course was initially started in the University of the West of Scotland in the UK, and has since been included in other universities.
See also
Associate of Science in Nursing
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Diploma in Nursing
Doctor of Nursing Practice
National League for Nursing Accrediting Commission
Nurse education
Nursing school
External links
CCNE - Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education - Accrediting body that "ensures the quality and integrity of baccalaureate and graduate education programs preparing effective nurses."
ACEN - Accreditation Commission for Nursing Education - Accrediting body that is "responsible for the specialized accreditation of nursing education programs."
Nursing
Nursing
Nursing degrees
Annfield Plain is a village in County Durham, in England. It is situated on a plateau between the towns of Stanley, to the north-east, and Consett, to the west. According to the 2001 census, Annfield Plain has a population of 3,569. By the time of the 2011 Census Annfield Plain had become a ward of Stanley parish. The ward had a population of 10,012. Along with much of the surrounding area, Annfield Plain's history lies in coal mining. While the industry collapsed in the 1980s and 90s, its effects are still apparent both in the landscape and in folk memory.
Much of the surrounding landscape is rough moorland, dominated by the nearby Pontop Pike television mast. Not far from semi-rural Derwentside, however, is the Tyneside–Wearside conurbation, with Newcastle away, and Sunderland a similar distance. The cathedral city of Durham is away and offers quite a contrast to the former pit villages in the area of Annfield Plain.
Name
"Anfield", as the name was originally appears to derive from "the fields of An", referring to a man who lived before the Norman Conquest. The "Plain" part of the name was originally "Plane" and appears to refer originally not to the plateau on which the village stands but to the inclined plane on the Stanhope and Tyne Railway of 1834. The engine used by the plane was known as the Anfield Engine because of its proximity to Anfield House, built in the 18th century on nearby Loud Hill. The spelling changed to "Annfield Plain" around 1856, when houses were built for miners on the nearby plateau.
History
The earliest hard evidence of habitation in the area comes from the 16th century, when the main economic activity was sheep farming. The village's association with mining begins in the late 17th century when many shallow mines were dug. The Stanhope and Tyne Railway, laid in 1834, assisted the transportation of coal. Several limekilns were built at this time and were fuelled by local coal, with limestone being brought in by rail.
Demand for coal increased with the advent of the Industrial Revolution, and a number of deep pits were sunk over the course of the 19th century. The village grew substantially and light industry increased, including the construction of a brewery, mill, and candle factory; as well as various services for the population, including a school, church, at least two nonconformist chapels, and a variety of shops.
In the 19th century Annfield Plain was the scene of a murder, when a man named William Thompson killed his wife. He was hanged at Durham prison on 5 January 1874.³
Annfield Plain Golf Club (now defunct) was founded in 1907. The club closed in 1931.
Present day
While there is some light industry, most of Annfield Plain is made up of housing, village shops and several pubs. The local Tesco (formally Co-operative) Co-op supermarket was commonly known as the Disco, an allusion to its former name: the Annfield Plain Co-op and Discount Electricals. The supermarket was converted to a Tesco store in October 2007. The original Annfield Plain co-operative store was dismantled and rebuilt at the nearby Beamish Open Air Museum in the late 1980s. The site of the village's main pit, the Busty, is now a privately owned coach garage.
Its proximity to the major centres of the North East of England has in recent years attracted residents from Newcastle and Gateshead to move out to escape the city. This has had the consequence of pushing up house prices, long among the cheapest in Britain, which had been both a boon and burden to locals.
Geography
Administration
Annfield Plain is located in the County Durham unitary authority area. It is represented on Durham County Council by Michele Hodgson and Thomas Nearney (both Labour). The village is part of the North Durham parliamentary constituency, which as of 2005 is represented in parliament by Kevan Jones (Labour). It is in the North East England region, which serves as a constituency for the European Parliament.
The local police force is Durham Constabulary. Annfield Plain is in the Derwentside division and its nearest police station is in Catchgate
Location
Elevation: 250 m (850 ft)
Road access: A693 between Stanley and Consett, and numerous minor roads
Rail access: Chester-le-Street, by road
Nearby places
Surrounding Annfield Plain and effectively joined to it are several other villages:
Greencroft to the west
New Kyo to the east
West Kyo and Catchgate to the north
Notable people
Alun Armstrong - original cast member of Les Misérables, playing Monsieur Thénardier. Also in New Tricks and The Mummy Returns
Tom Lamb - former miner who became an artist, depicting the scenes of underground life for miners
Joseph Crawford - President of the Trades Union Congress and General Secretary of the National Association of Colliery Overmen, Deputies and Shotfirers
Glenn McCrory - former Cruiserweight World Champion boxer
Micky Horswill- former footballer
See also
Annfield Plain F.C.
References
Hatcher, Jane. "Annfield Plain—a short history". Durham Miner Project. Retrieved 11 January 2005.
Durham County Council & Northumberland County Council. " Local History: Annfield Plain (County Durham)". Keys to the Past. Retrieved 11 January 2005.
Mills, Alistair (2004). "Executions at Durham, 1732–1909". GENUKI. Retrieved 11 January 2005.
External links
Villages in County Durham
Stanley, County Durham
Palamara is a surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Giovanni Palamara (1938–2017), Italian politician, lawyer and member of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI)
Joseph Palamara (born 1963), American politician, a former member of the Michigan House of Representatives
Tank Palamara (born 1968), Italian rock guitarist
Kenneth Cameron, (21 May 1922 – 10 March 2001) was a British toponymist and academic, specialising in English place-names. Having taught at the University of Sheffield from 1947 to 1950, he moved to the University of Nottingham where he spent the rest of his career and was Professor of English Language from 1963 to 1987. From 1966 to 1993, he was a Honorary Director of the English Place-Name Society and General Editor of the English Place-Name Survey: he was editor of the Society's Journal from 1972 to 1990.
Honours
In 1976, Cameron was elected a Fellow of the British Academy (FBA), the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and social sciences. He had also been elected a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society (FRHistS) in 1970 and a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London (FSA) in 1984. In the 1987 New Year Honours, he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE).
In 1969, Cameron was awarded the Sir Israel Gollancz Prize by the British Academy. In 1990, he was awarded the Jöran Sahlgren Prize by the Royal Gustavus Adolphus Academy. He was the subject of a Festschrift edited by Thorlac Turville-Petre and Margaret Gelling: Studies in Honour of Kenneth Cameron, Leeds Studies in English, no. 18 (1987). This contains a bibliography of his published works up to 1985.
Selected works
Cameron, Kenneth (1959). The Place-Names of Derbyshire, parts 1–3, Survey of English Place-Names, vols. 27–29. Nottingham: English Place-Name Society.
Cameron, Kenneth (1966). Scandinavian Settlement in the Territory of the Five Boroughs: The Place-Name Evidence. Nottingham: University of Nottingham.
Cameron, Kenneth (ed.) (1975). Place-Name Evidence for the Anglo-Saxon Invasion and Scandinavian Settlements: Eight Studies. Nottingham: English Place-Name Society.
Cameron, Kenneth (1985). The Place-Names of Lincolnshire, part 1: The County of the City of Lincoln, Survey of English Place-Names, vol. 58. Nottingham: English Place-Name Society.
Cameron, Kenneth (1991). The Place-Names of Lincolnshire, part 2: Yarborough Wapentake, Survey of English Place-Names, vols. 64 and 65. Nottingham: English Place-Name Society.
Cameron, Kenneth; Field, John; Ingsley, John (1992). The Place-Names of Lincolnshire, part 3: The Wapentake of Walshcroft, Survey of English Place-Names, vol. 66. Nottingham: English Place-Name Society.
Cameron, Kenneth; Field, John; Ingsley, John (1996). The Place-Names of Lincolnshire, part 4: The Wapentakes of Ludborough and Haverstoe, Survey of English Place-Names, vol. 71. Nottingham: English Place-Name Society.
Cameron, Kenneth; Field, John; Ingsley, John (1997). The Place-Names of Lincolnshire, part 5: The Wapentake of Bradley, Survey of English Place-Names, vol. 73. Nottingham: English Place-Name Society.
Cameron, Kenneth; Field, John; Ingsley, John (2001). The Place-Names of Lincolnshire, part 6: The Wapentakes of Manley and Aslacoe, Survey of English Place-Names, vol. 77. Nottingham: English Place-Name Society.
References
1922 births
2001 deaths
Toponymists
Academics of the University of Sheffield
Academics of the University of Nottingham
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the British Academy
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
Willem Andries Stephanus Roberts (born 20 March 1985) is a former South African rugby union footballer whose regular playing position was loosehead prop. He represented the Griquas in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup between 2008 and 2016, making 165 appearances, having previously played for the from 2005 to 2007.
He retired at the end of the 2016 season.
External links
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1985 births
South African rugby union players
Rugby union props
Rugby union players from Bloemfontein
Free State Cheetahs players
Griquas (rugby union) players
Alumni of Grey College, Bloemfontein
University of the Free State alumni
The electoral district of Burwood is an electorate for the Victorian Legislative Assembly in Australia. It is located approximately 13 kilometres east of Melbourne, and covers an area of 25 km2. It includes the suburbs of Ashburton, Ashwood, Box Hill South, Burwood, and parts of Camberwell, Chadstone, Glen Iris, and Surrey Hills. It was created in 1955 as part of the expansion of the Legislative Assembly, and abolished in 1967, replaced by Glen Iris. It was recreated in 1976, replacing Glen Iris.
The seat's most notable member was Jeff Kennett, who won the seat on its recreation in 1976 and went on to serve as leader of the Liberal Party from 1982 to 1989 and from 1991 to 1999, and as Premier of Victoria from 1992 to 1999. Kennett retired after his government's shock defeat at the 1999 election. In the ensuring by-election, his Labor opponent in the general election, Bob Stensholt, won the previously safe Liberal seat on a swing of over 10 percent.
Stensholt went on to hold the seat in his own right for two more terms before Graham Watt regained it for the Liberals. However, he lost his seat at the 2018 Victorian state election to Labor candidate Will Fowles.
The seat was abolished by the Electoral Boundaries Commission ahead of the 2022 election and replaced by the electoral district of Ashwood.
Members for Burwood
Election results
References
External links
Electorate profile: Burwood, Victorian Electoral Commission
Electoral districts of Victoria (Australia)
1955 establishments in Australia
1967 disestablishments in Australia
1976 establishments in Australia
Irving Ter Bush (July 12, 1869 – October 21, 1948) was an American businessman. He was the son of the wealthy industrialist, oil refinery owner, and yachtsman Rufus T. Bush.
As founder of the Bush Terminal Company, Bush was responsible for the construction of the massive Bush Terminal transportation, warehousing, and manufacturing facility in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, New York City, which employed more than 25,000 people within its boundaries. Bush also commissioned Manhattan's landmark Bush Tower skyscraper on 42nd Street near New York City's Times Square and funded the construction of Bush House in London. A prolific author, his life and works attracted attention from the national press, influential figures, and major publishers and journalists.
Early life
Irving T. Bush's family name comes from Jan Bosch, a native of the Netherlands, who immigrated to New Amsterdam (now New York) in 1662.
Early years
Born in Ridgeway, Lenawee County, Michigan, a small town southwest of Detroit, Bush moved with his family at a young age to Brooklyn, New York, at the time an independent city. When he was in his teens, his father sold his Brooklyn waterfront oil refinery to Standard Oil and retired. Bush was educated at The Hill School, a boarding school outside Philadelphia, and joined his father's firm at age 19.
The two-masted schooner yacht Coronet, a vessel that Rufus had built during the mid-1880s, influenced Irving's life, for the ocean race between the Coronet and the yacht Dauntless in March 1887 made Rufus T. Bush and the victorious Coronet famous—the New York Times devoted its entire first page for March 28, 1887 to the story. Rufus and Irving then circumnavigated the globe on the Coronet in 1888. Though they traveled overland and did not join the yacht until it arrived in San Diego in 1889, the Coronet was the first registered yacht to cross Cape Horn from East to West. After crossing the Pacific Ocean, the Coronet stopped in China, Calcutta, Malta (and elsewhere), giving him a view of the world that few had at the time. The Coronet was sold before Rufus's death in 1890, when Rufus accidentally drank a fatal dose of aconite. Rufus T. Bush left an estate estimated at $2,000,000 to his wife and two sons. The family heirs quickly incorporated under the name The Bush Co. Bush, as a 21-year-old clerk for Standard Oil, could have lived off his inherited wealth and retired from the business life.
Motion pictures
Bush was chair of the Continental Commerce Co., which had exclusive rights to market Thomas Edison's Kinetoscope overseas. The kinetoscope was the earliest motion picture viewer. Unlike later movie projectors, kinetoscopes could show a moving image to only one person at a time. The Continental Commerce Co. opened the first licensed European kinetoscope parlor in London in 1894.
Bush Terminal
Bush's connection with Edison's motion pictures was brief. Soon after, during the mid-1890s, Bush started the planning and construction of Bush Terminal on the Brooklyn waterfront site where his father's former oil refinery had been located.
To induce railroads to use his car floats, (i.e. using the barges that transported railroad cars across New York Harbor), Bush had to resort to ordering dozens of carloads of hay from Michigan himself. To show shippers that using the wharves and warehouses at the new terminal could be profitable, Bush entered the banana business. Within two decades, the complex originally derided as "Bush's Folly"
became a great success. Though the complex was seized for government use during the First World War by Assistant Secretary of the Navy Franklin D. Roosevelt, Bush complied with government demands. He even helped to design the Brooklyn Army Terminal for General Goethals in 1918.
Bush was named Chief Executive of the War Board of the Port of New York in 1917, during World War I. This would later become the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
During this period before and during World War I, Bush planned and had built Bush Tower, a landmark 30-story Neo-Gothic skyscraper on 42nd Street in Manhattan, just east of Times Square. The tower was conceived as display space for the manufacturers and shippers of Bush Terminal and New York. An even more ambitious venture was Bush's attempt to meld commercial displays and social space in London at Bush House, an elaborate and large office building built in three phases during the 1920s, but the concept was not fully carried through at that project. Bush House became known around the world as the headquarters of the BBC World Service, which broadcasts in many languages. The BBC moved out in 2012.
New York State Chamber of Commerce
Bush served as president of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York from 1922 to 1924. Prior to holding that position, Bush served as the Chairman of the Executive Committee in the Chamber of Commerce.
In popular culture
Forbes, in its first, one-time "Rich List" of 1918 (before starting the annual Forbes 400 in 1982), cited Irving T. Bush "of Bush Terminal fame" as one of those "undoubtedly earning several million a year" and just less wealthy than the 30 wealthiest Americans on the list, along with William C. Durant, founder of General Motors and William Wrigley Jr., the chewing gum magnate and Chicago Cubs baseball team owner.
In 1917, B.C. Forbes also placed Bush alongside Elbert Henry Gary (the namesake of Gary, Indiana). Forbes named Bush within a brief list of notable American businessmen (including hotelier Ellsworth Milton Statler) who were examples of the type of businesspeople whose "industrious, diligent, vigilant foundation-laying" could lead to successful business enterprises.
Bush was frequently mentioned in newspaper and magazine articles and wrote a number of business-related stories of his own, including stories in Nation's Business, Harper's Weekly,<ref>Bush, Irving T. (February 19, 1922). "When Dreams Come True", Harper's Weekly: The Independent 97 (3663)</ref> and as president of the New York Chamber of Commerce, an article in Collier's. Doubleday published his autobiography, Working with the World, in 1928.
Contributions to art and architecture
Within recent decades, scholarly architects have described and critiqued the buildings that Bush commissioned. Perhaps by way of expression of the Dutch ancestry of his family (and of New York), his 1905 townhouse at 28 East 64th Street in Manhattan, built by the firm of Kirby, Petit & Green, was "flamboyantly Jacobean, with a high, almost Flemish gable".
Bush commissioned southern California architect Wallace Neff to design his winter home at Mountain Lake Estates in Florida, near the residence (and later tower) of his father's former business partner, Edward W. Bok. Neff, who had recently been named "architect to the stars" by the Los Angeles Times, designed few houses outside California.
He also commissioned the landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr. to design the grounds of the Florida estate. Olmsted was known not only as the son of Central Park's designer, but among numerous other accomplishments, was notable for re-designing the White House grounds in 1930.
After moving from his townhouse at East 64th Street, Bush lived in the 17-floor tower at 280 Park Avenue, Manhattan, New York, designed by Warren and Wetmore, architects of Grand Central Terminal in New York City, Michigan Central Station in Detroit and the Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu.Manhattan: Park Avenue - 48th Street (1922) Image ID 722218F, New York Public Library Digital Gallery. Shows 290 Park Avenue (on west side of Park Avenue between 48th and 49th streets) and 280 Park beyond it.
Like other wealthy Americans, Bush collected art. His portrait painting of the Russian princess Maria Worontzova (a name anglicized as Vorontsov) by Franz Xaver Winterhalter was inherited by his niece, and was auctioned at Sotheby's in 2003. Bush's acquisition of a portrait of Henry VII by Jehan de Perreal, a work from the early 16th century, made the news in 1929.
In 1922 Bush became one of the founding trustees of New York City's Grand Central Art Galleries, an artists' cooperative established that year by John Singer Sargent, Edmund Greacen, Walter Leighton Clark, and others. Also on the board were the Galleries' architect, William Adams Delano; Robert W. DeForest, president of the Metropolitan Museum of Art; Frank Logan, vice-president of the Art Institute of Chicago; and Clark.
Personal life
Bush was in the news from a young age, when he was mentioned in stories of the Coronets circumnavigation. He married Belle Barlow, with whom he had two daughters, Eleanor and Beatrice. Divorcing her, he married Maud Beard and had one son, Rufus, named after Irving's father.
His 1930 divorce in Reno, Nevada, and remarriage one hour later to dentist, artist, socialite, and philanthropist Marian Spore Bush made the front page of The New York Times as well as the "Milestones" section of Time magazine. Irving had met Marian, a fellow Michigan expatriate, when they worked together on a breadline in New York City's impoverished Bowery during the late 1920s. After their marriage they lived at 280 Park Avenue along with Mrs. Marian Spore Bush's niece Helen Tunison, who after Irving's death, dedicated the statue of him at Bush Terminal in front of 3,000 people.
Bush owned two yachts that subsequently served as patrol boats in the United States Navy. In 1917, during World War I, the navy bought his steam yacht Christabel and commissioned the vessel as the USS Christabel (SP-162), which took part in at least two actions against German U-Boats and was credited with sinking one. (See Navy History website) A sailor even won a Medal of Honor during one of these engagements. His larger diesel yacht, Coronet, built for him in Germany in 1928 and placed under his wife's name during the Great Depression, was bought by the Navy during World War II and patrolled the Caribbean as the USS Opal (Pyc-8) before being transferred to Ecuador in 1943, where it was scrapped in 1960.
Legacy
Bush left behind Bush Terminal, which not only provided a model for intermodal transportation, it provided employment for thousands and their families. His Bush Tower in Manhattan and Bush House are both landmarks.
References
External links
in Time magazine
"Bush, Irving T." in The National Cyclopaedia of American Biography'' (1910), full text and portrait on Google Books
Working with the World on WorldCat
Statue of Irving T. Bush and administration building at Bush Terminal as it exists today
1869 births
1948 deaths
American transportation businesspeople
American people of Dutch descent
Businesspeople from Brooklyn
People from the Upper East Side
People from Lenawee County, Michigan
The Hill School alumni
Below is a list of current Australian Swimming Championship records as ratified by Swimming Australia. The Australian Swimming Championships are held annually to determine to the Australian champion in each event.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
Long Course (50 m)
Men
Women
Short Course (25 m)
Men
Women
References
Australian championships
Records
Records
Under the Whyte notation for the classification of steam locomotives, represents the wheel arrangement of no leading wheels, four powered and coupled driving wheels on two axles and four trailing wheels on two axles mounted in a bogie.
Overview
The wheel arrangement was usually found on railmotors, vehicles for passenger carrying that operated on routes where passenger numbers were light. It usually consisted of a single coach with its own prime mover. William Bridges Adams in the United Kingdom began building railmotors in small numbers as early as 1848.
Usage
Cape of Good Hope
A single Railmotor was delivered to the Cape Government Railways (CGR) in 1906. The railmotor was a self-contained motor-coach in which the locomotive and coach were embodied in a single vehicle, with a driver's station at the rear end of the coach for reverse running. The locomotive part was a 0-4-0 side-tank engine which was built by North British Locomotive Company, while the coach part on a single bogie was built by Metropolitan Amalgamated Railway Carriage & Wagon.
Transvaal Colony
In 1907, the Central South African Railways (CSAR) acquired a single self-contained railmotor for the low-volume railmotor passenger service which had been introduced the previous year. It was a self-contained motor-coach with a 56-seat capacity in which the engine, boiler and coach were embodied in a single vehicle. While the engine part of the vehicle was built by Kitson & Co, the long coach part was constructed by Metropolitan Amalgamated Railway Carriage & Wagon. To negotiate curves and points, the power unit could pivot like a bogie. The railmotor was erected at the Salt River shops of the CGR in Cape Town and entered service on the CSAR on 10 August 1907.
References
Whyte notation
The 2007 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings is the 2007 edition of the World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings. It is an assessment of racehorses which was issued by the International Federation of Horseracing Authorities (IFHA) in January 2008. It includes horses aged three or older which raced or were trained during 2007 in countries where the flat racing year runs from January 1 to December 31. These countries are generally in the Northern Hemisphere.
The ratings represent a weight value in pounds, with higher values given to horses which showed greater ability. It is judged that these weights would equalize the abilities of the horses if carried in a theoretical handicap race. The list includes all horses rated 115 or above, and it also shows the surface and the distances at which the rating was achieved.
The highest rating in the 2007 season was 131, which was given to the performance of Manduro in the Prince of Wales's Stakes. In total, 212 horses were included in the list, 32 more than in the 2006 Rankings.
Full rankings for 2007
Country foaled – Horse names are followed by a suffix indicating the country where foaled.
Age – The ages shown for horses foaled in the Northern Hemisphere are as of their universal date of increase, January 1, 2007. The ages of horses born in the Southern Hemisphere are taken from their equivalent date, August 1, 2007.
Sex – The following abbreviations are used:
C – Colt – Ungelded male horse up to four-years-old.
F – Filly – Female horse up to four-years-old.
H – Horse – Ungelded male horse over four-years-old.
M – Mare – Female horse over four-years-old.
G – Gelding – Gelded male horse of any age.
Certain horses may have also recorded a lesser rating over a distance different from that listed above. The IFHA publishes this information when the lower rating represents the overall top performance in a particular category. There were three such additional ratings for this season:
Top ranked horses
The tables below show the top ranked horses overall, the top fillies and mares, and the top three-year-olds in the 2007 Rankings. They also show the top performers in various subdivisions of each group, which are defined by the distances of races, and the surfaces on which they are run. The IFHA recognizes five distance categories — Sprint, Mile, Intermediate, Long and Extended — identified by the acronym "SMILE". These are framed as follows:
Sprint: 1,000–1,300m (1,000–1,599m for races in Canada and the United States)
Mile: 1,301–1,899m (1,600–1,899m for races in Canada and the United States)
Intermediate: 1,900–2,100m
Long: 2,101–2,700m
Extended: 2,701m +
References
IFHA 2007 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings
IFHA 2007 Top Ranked Performers by Age, Distance and Surface
IFHA 2007 Top Ranked Fillies and Mares by Age, Distance and Surface
IFHA 2007 Press Release
independent.co.uk
sportinglife.com
thoroughbredtimes.com
World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings
World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings 2007
Tierralta is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.
Corregimientos
Callejas
Crucito
Palmira
Santa Fé de Ralito
Caramelo
San Clemente
Las Claras
Saiza
Frasquillo
Volador
El Toro
San Felipe de Cadillo
Batata
Tucurá
Nueva Granada
Santa Marta
Villa Providencia
Carrizola
Urra Campo Bello
Nuevo Oriente
References
Gobernacion de Cordoba - Tierralta
Tierralta official website
Municipalities of Córdoba Department
G117-B15A is a small, well-observed variable white dwarf star of the DAV, or ZZ Ceti, type in the constellation of Leo Minor.
G117-B15A was found to be variable in 1974 by Richer and Ulrych, and this was confirmed in 1976 by McGraw and Robinson. In 1984 it was demonstrated that the star's variability is due to nonradial gravity wave pulsations. As a consequence, its timescale for period change is directly proportional to its cooling timescale, allowing its cooling rate to be measured using astroseismological techniques. Its age is estimated at 400 million years. Its light curve has a dominant period of 215.2 seconds, which is estimated to increase by approximately one second each 14 million years. G117-B15A has been claimed to be the most stable optical clock ever found, much more stable than the ticks of an atomic clock. It is also the first pulsating white dwarf to have its main pulsation mode index identified.
X-ray source
An X-ray source in the constellation Leo Minor is the white dwarf G117-B15A.
Notes
See also
Ross 548
Pulsating white dwarfs
Leo Minor
Astronomical X-ray sources
X-ray astronomy
Leonis Minoris, RY
The Serie B 1973–74 was the forty-second tournament of this competition played in Italy since its creation.
Teams
Parma, SPAL and Avellino had been promoted from Serie C, while Atalanta, Palermo and Ternana had been relegated from Serie A.
Final classification
Results
References and sources
Almanacco Illustrato del Calcio - La Storia 1898-2004, Panini Edizioni, Modena, September 2005
Serie B seasons
2
Italy
The 72d Fighter Wing was a wing of the United States Army Air Forces. It was assigned to Second Air Force, stationed at Colorado Springs Army Air Base, Colorado. It was inactivated on 9 April 1946.
History
The wing was initially activated as a command and control organization for heavy bomber training. In 1943 it became single-engine fighter training organization for Second Air Force. The wing had jurisdiction for fighter training Operational Training Units and Replacement Training Units in the midwest. Bases assigned to the wing included:
Abilene Army Air Field, Texas
Alamogordo Army Air Field, New Mexico
Bruning Army Air Field, Nebraska
Casper Army Air Field, Wyoming
Dalhart Army Air Field, Texas
DeRidder Army Air Base, Louisiana
Galveston Army Air Field, Texas
Harding Field, Louisiana
Peterson Field, Colorado
Pocatello Army Air Field, Idaho
Scribner Army Air Field, Nebraska
Lineage
Constituted as 72d Bombardment Operational Training Wing (Heavy) on 12 August 1943
Activated on 20 August 1943
Redesigned 72d Fighter Wing on 1 September 1943
Inactivated on 9 April 1946
Disbanded on 15 June 1983
Reconstituted on 31 July 1985 and redesigned 372d Electronic Warfare Group
Disbanded on 9 September 1992
Assignments
Second Air Force, 12 August 1943 – 9 April 1946
Components
36th Fighter Group, 17 September 1943 – 4 April 1944
84th Fighter Group, 1 November 1943 – 1 April 1944
357th Fighter Group, 7 October – 9 November 1943
407th Fighter Group, 9 March 1943 – 21 March 1944
408th Fighter Group, 1 November 1943 – 1 April 1944
476th Fighter Group, 26 March-1 April 1944
507th Fighter Group, 12 October 1944 – 24 June 1945
508th Fighter Group, 12 October 1944 – 6 January 1945
Stations
Rapid City Army Air Base, South Dakota, 20 August 1943
Colorado Springs Army Air Base, Colorado, 7 October 1943
Peterson Field, Colorado, November 1943;
Colorado Springs Army Air Base, Colorado, December 1945-9 April 1946
Awards
American Theater of World War II
References
Notes
Bibliography
Military units and formations in Colorado
072
Military units and formations disestablished in 1946
A bill hopper is a piece of furniture used for the receiving of bills in the United States House of Representatives. It was formerly used in the United States Senate.
Congressional representatives place bills in the hopper which are then collected by the clerk, numbered, and transferred from the hopper to appropriate congressional committees by the speaker.
History
The term 'hopper' is derived from funnel shaped storage bins that contained grain, coal, or animal feed. The movement of the grain as it poured into the storage bin has been likened to 'hopping' or dancing. The United States House of Representatives wrote that the "hopper represents the initial phase of a bill's journey toward refinement, or final passage, much like grain when processed into flour".
The hoppers are fed from the top and emptied from the bottom. The term became particularly prevalent within the agrarian society of the 19th and early 20th century United States. Many legislators came from agricultural backgrounds, and analogies were frequently drawn in speeches between the refinement of grain and the progression of bills. The Indiana representative John Hanna, said that "Let us have an end of tumbling every legislative grist into the appropriation hopper to be ground out by the use of burrs and ill-adapted and ill-adjusted to the purposes of general legislation". Francis G. Newlands of Nevada said in a 1900 speech concerning the Isthmian Canal Commission that "A certain amount of brute force is required in order to put this bill into the legislative hopper. When it comes out of the hopper in nine months hence, for it will take that time, we then hope it will be a perfected product".
The Congressional Record first specifically mentions the hopper in 1924 when the Texan representative Thomas Lindsay Blanton said that "Why, I learn that my good friend from Mississippi [Mr. Collier] has just this afternoon dropped into the hopper, where House bills are introduced, his bill to construct a $250,000 post-office building in Jackson, Miss". The device had previously been referred to as a 'basket'. In 1902 the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives David B. Henderson said that "The Chair desires to call the attention of members of the House to the fact that some members are inadvertently placing bills in the basket without noting their names on the bills, making it impossible for the Clerk to give due credit".
An original senate bill hopper dating from around 1817 is on display in the Old Senate Chamber. It is part of the collection of the Smithsonian Institution. The senate bill hopper had shelves as opposed to the 'bucket' shaped construction of the congressional hopper. The spaces between the shelves of the senate bill hopper shorten with height such that the top shelves are narrower than the bottom ones; it is believed that this is because so few bills became legally enacted. A congressional bill hopper dating from the early 1950s is in the art collection of the House of Representatives; it was retired in 2004. It was situated next to the desk of the Clerk of the House of Representatives in the Chamber of the House of Representatives.
See also
First reading, the initial stage of a bill in various legislatures
Act of Parliament - First reading, the initial stage of a bill in the Westminster system
References
Individual pieces of furniture
Legislative branch of the United States government
Terminology of the United States Senate
United States House of Representatives
United States legislation
Genda Shigyō (, Genda Shigyō Kabushiki gaisha) is a Japanese paper production company which has produced ceremonial paper goods, such as mizuhiki, since 771. It is often known as one of the oldest still-operating companies in the world.
See also
List of the oldest companies
References
External links
Pulp and paper companies of Japan
Symphony of Life is the fourth live album released by Australian singer and songwriter Tina Arena on 23 November 2012. The album was filmed and recorded at the Arts Centre Melbourne's Hamer Hall during a series of sold-out concerts for her Australian fans. A DVD of this audio album was also released on the same date with the same cover artwork. Anthony Callea stepped in as special guest for the concert series.
Promotion
The live record and the DVD was heavily promoted on Arena's official website, Facebook and various online media outlets. Before the record was released, a TV special titled 'Tina Arena: Live in Melbourne' on Foxtel aired at 8:30 PM Saturday 17 November 2012. The same footage from the DVD was shown. Free Tina Arena postcards were given to those who pre-ordered the album prior to the release date.
Track listing
Charts
The live album debuted at #60 on the ARIA Main Australian Artist Chart. It has just spent a week on the top 100 and has been off the chart right after the next week. The album re-entered the charts at #95 a few weeks later. Meanwhile, the record debuted at #18 on the ARIA Top 20 Australian Albums Chart making it Arena's 10th Top 20 album on the said Australian-only Artist chart. The DVD debuted at #4 on the Top 40 ARIA Music DVDs Chart.
CD
DVD
References
Tina Arena albums
2012 live albums
Dubrajpur is a village in the Sabang CD block in the Kharagpur subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Dubrajpur is located at .
Area overview
Kharagpur subdivision, shown partly in the map alongside, mostly has alluvial soils, except in two CD blocks in the west – Kharagpur I and Keshiary, which mostly have lateritic soils. Around 74% of the total cultivated area is cropped more than once. With a density of population of 787 per km2nearly half of the district's population resides in this subdivision. 14.33% of the population lives in urban areas and 86.67% lives in the rural areas.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Dubrajpur had a total population of 4,578, of which 2,372 (52%) were males and 2,206 (48%) were females. There were 589 persons in the age range of 0–6 years. The total number of literate persons in Dubrajpur was 3,420 (85.74% of the population over 6 years).
Culture
David J. McCutchion mentions the early 19th century Lakshmi Janardana temple as a rich terracotta West Bengal Nava-ratna with ridged turrets measuring 21' 2” square.
Dubrajpur picture gallery
References
External links
Villages in Paschim Medinipur district
Acrolepia nodulata is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1921. It is found in India (Assam).
References
Moths described in 1921
Acrolepiidae
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Vanderburgh County, Indiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Vanderburgh County, Indiana, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a map.
There are 95 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 1 National Historic Landmark. Another 11 properties were once listed but have been removed.
Properties and districts located in incorporated areas display the name of the municipality, while properties and districts in unincorporated areas display the name of their civil township. Properties and districts split between multiple jurisdictions display the names of all jurisdictions.
Current listings
|}
Former listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
Listings in neighboring counties: Gibson, Henderson (KY), Posey, Warrick
List of Indiana state historical markers in Vanderburgh County
References
Vanderburgh County
The 1938–39 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 31st since its establishment.
Overview
South China won the title.
References
RSSSF
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
First
Vanatinai Island (also called Tagula and Sudest, for the names of the extreme capes of the island) is a volcanic island in the south-east of the Louisiade Archipelago within Milne Bay Province of Papua New Guinea. The reef-fringed island is approximately south-east of New Guinea and south of Misima. With an area of , it is the largest island of the archipelago. Tagula town, the main settlement, is located on the north-west coast. The population was 3628 . The principal export is copra.
Geography
The island is long, stretching from Cape Tagula to Cape Sudest, and up to wide. A wooded mountain range runs through the length of the island, with the summit, Mount Riu () near the center. The most important peaks of the range are, from west to east:
Mount Madau ()
Mount Gangulua ()
Mount Riu (formerly called Mount Rattlesnake) ()
Mount Imau ()
Mount Arumbi ()
Climate
Most of Tagula island has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) but the main settlement of Tagula, located in the northernmost and driest part of the island, has a tropical monsoon climate (Am).
History
The first recorded sighting by Europeans of Vanatinai Island was by the Spanish expedition of Luís Vaez de Torres on 14 July 1606.
The island was the site of a gold rush that began in 1888 and peaked in 1889. Gold was found in nearly all of the island's water courses.
Rambuso Village is located on the north coast of the eastern part of the island, where Rambuso Creek flows into the Pacific Ocean. Entry through the reef to the harbour is deep and easy to see during daylight. Many visiting yachts and local trading boats use this protected anchorage. In 2010 the villagers and several visiting yachties rebuilt the wharf and causeway. The villagers new slogan is "Rambuso Creek the gateway to Sudest".
The new wharf helped Rambuso develop and now the busy town has some 500 citizens.
Transportation
The island has an airport, code (IATA-Code „TGL“) for public transport, near Tagula village.
Biodiversity
Several species are endemic to the island, including the aptly named Tagula white-eye, Tagula honeyeater and Tagula butcherbird. Among frogs, Cophixalus tagulensis is only known from Tagula.
References
Islands of Milne Bay Province
Louisiade Archipelago
Gold mines in Papua New Guinea
Favreau is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jon Favreau, American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter
Jon Favreau (speechwriter), American political commentator
Guy Favreau, Canadian lawyer, politician, and judge
Robert Favreau, Canadian film director and film editor
UFC Fight Night: Sandhagen vs. Song (also known as UFC Fight Night 210, UFC on ESPN+ 68 and UFC Vegas 60) was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that took place on September 17, 2022, at the UFC Apex facility in Enterprise, Nevada, part of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Area, United States.
Background
A bantamweight bout between former interim UFC Bantamweight Championship challenger Cory Sandhagen and Song Yadong headlined the event.
A trio of bouts was originally scheduled for UFC 279, but they were eventually pushed back a week to this event as the promotion adjusted its schedule in June: lightweight bouts featuring Trey Ogden vs. Daniel Zellhuber and Nikolas Motta vs. Cameron VanCamp; as well as a welterweight bout between Louis Cosce and Trevin Giles.
A women's flyweight bout between Sijara Eubanks and Maryna Moroz was scheduled for UFC on ESPN: dos Anjos vs. Fiziev. However, the pair was moved to this event for undisclosed reasons. In early September, the promotion opted to rebooked Moroz against Jennifer Maia at UFC Fight Night 215 after Eubanks pulled out due to undisclosed reasons.
A women's flyweight bout between Gillian Robertson and Melissa Gatto was expected to take place at the event. However, Gatto was removed from the event for undisclosed reasons and replaced by Mariya Agapova.
A women's bantamweight bout featuring Aspen Ladd and 2004 Olympic silver medalist in wrestling and former UFC Women's Bantamweight Championship challenger Sara McMann was expected to take place at the event. They were originally supposed to fight at UFC on ESPN: Poirier vs. Hooker in June 2020 and UFC on ESPN: Vera vs. Cruz in August 2022, but Ladd was forced to withdraw from both occasions after tearing both her anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) and medial collateral ligament (MCL) in training and testing positive for COVID-19 respectively. At the weigh-ins, Ladd weighed in at 138 pounds, two pounds over the bantamweight non-title fight limit, and as a result the bout was scrapped.
Lando Vannata and Andre Fili were scheduled to meet in a featherweight bout at the event. However, Vannata withdrew due to injury. Fili faced Bill Algeo instead.
A women's strawweight bout between Loma Lookboonmee and Diana Belbiţă was expected to take place at the event. However, Belbiţă withdraw due to undisclosed reasons and was replaced by Denise Gomes.
A featherweight bout between Giga Chikadze and Sodiq Yusuff was expected to take place at the event. However, the week before the event, Chikadze withdrew due to injury. The promotion opted to cancel the contest and rebook Yusuff against Don Shainis two weeks later at UFC Fight Night: Dern vs. Yan.
Results
Bonus awards
The following fighters received $50,000 bonuses.
Fight of the Night: Gregory Rodrigues vs. Chidi Njokuani
Performance of the Night: Joseph Pyfer and Damon Jackson
See also
List of UFC events
List of current UFC fighters
2022 in UFC
References
UFC Fight Night
2022 in mixed martial arts
October 2022 sports events in the United States
Mixed martial arts in Las Vegas
Sports competitions in Las Vegas
The Tema Motorway Interchange is a variant of Diverging diamond interchange which replaced Tema Roundabout, situated east of the Tema Motorway. It carries four-lane trunk roads that connects Tema Motorway, Aflao Road, Akosombo Road and Tema Harbour Road.
Financing
The interchange cost 60 million dollars and was funded by the Japan International Cooperation Agency.
References
Roads in Ghana
Road interchanges in Ghana
Penn & Teller's Sin City Spectacular was a weekly American television variety show hosted by Penn and Teller that appeared on the FX Networks from August 10, 1998 - June 30, 1999. The show's aim was to revive the genuine variety shows from the past, such as The Ed Sullivan Show, where, as Penn put it, you could see Pavarotti singing an aria, followed by a man with trained performing housecats.
Description
Sin City Spectacular was an hour-long program that featured many acts on the program that were bizarre, sideshow-type performances. These type of performances included Katzen, the tattooed lady who ate bugs, and her husband, the Enigma (also covered with tattoos), who swallowed swords and lightbulbs, and had two horns surgically implanted into his forehead. Often celebrities appeared performing previously unknown talents, such as actor French Stewart singing and dancing Hooray Pornography, Andy Dick tap-dancing, or Jerry Springer singing while the dancers fight behind him a la The Jerry Springer Show.
Musical highlights were Fred, an old-time barbershop quartet, singing "I Wanna Be Sedated"; Michael McKean as a distraught Edgar Allan Poe who breaks into a disco extravaganza with the Eight Deadly Sin Dancers', and comedian Carlos Alazraqui transforming the tradition of Irish River Dancing into a bizarre S&M spanking fantasywhich were the brainchild of writer Martin Olson. Outstanding straight musical acts like Dr. John and John Popper also appeared. In one performance, Popper jammed on the harmonica while Penn narrated a story and Teller illustrated it with card tricks. Other performers included comedians Kevin Meaney, Don Novello, Otto and George, Bobcat Goldthwait, Eric Idle, and Martin Mull.
Each show opened with a solo Penn and Teller performance. Some of their pieces, like "Cuffed to a Creep" where Penn finds himself handcuffed to a bizarre stranger (Teller) on a park bench, and "Balloon of Blood" in which Penn eloquently describes the strength and vulnerability of humanity, were borrowed from their stage show, while others, like Teller's "zippo lighter" piece, were written especially for the TV show.
The FX network chose not to renew the show after the first season.
Crew
Bruce Gowers, Kent Weed, Ron de Moraes, Directors
Michael L. Weinberg, Supervising Producer
Paul Buccieri, executive producer
Robert Weiss, executive producer
Carole Propp, coordinating producer
Penn & Teller, co-executive producer / writers
Martin Olson, producer / writer
Colman deKay, writing supervisor
Jamy Ian Swiss, writer
Michael Goudeau, writer
Gary Stockdale, Composer, Music Director
Bruce Ryan, production design
Birgitte Mann, costume design
Tiger Martina, choreographer
Skip Burrows, property master, special effects
John Monarch, Production Manager
Kent Belli, Production Accountant
Veronica Garrison, Las Vegas Production Coordinator
Mark Mc Quown, construction coordinator
Kieran Healy, lighting
Laurie D. Muslow, talent executive
Adam Brauer, producer/writer
Nomination
Sin City Spectacular was nominated for Emmy for Outstanding Music and Lyrics for the 1999 Emmy Awards.
References
External links
1998 American television series debuts
1999 American television series endings
1990s American variety television series
American television magic shows
FX Networks original programming
Television shows directed by Bruce Gowers
Chronogastridae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Plectida.
Genera:
Caribplectus Andrássy, 1973
Keralanema Siddiqi, 2003
Kischkenema Siddiqi, Winiszewska & Malewski, 2013
Rugoster Siddiqi, Handoo & Siddiqi, 2013
References
Nematodes
Gabriel Dumont may refer to:
Gabriel Dumont (ice hockey) (born 1990), Canadian professional ice hockey player
Gabriel Dumont (Métis leader) (1837–1906), leader of the Métis people
See also
Gabriel Dumont Institute, a post-secondary educational institution in Saskatchewan, Canada
École secondaire Gabriel-Dumont, a public French first language high school in London, Ontario, Canada
5α-Dihydronorethisterone (5α-DHNET, dihydronorethisterone, 17α-ethynyl-5α-dihydro-19-nortestosterone, or 17α-ethynyl-5α-estran-17β-ol-3-one) is a major active metabolite of norethisterone (norethindrone). Norethisterone is a progestin with additional weak androgenic and estrogenic activity. 5α-DHNET is formed from norethisterone by 5α-reductase in the liver and other tissues.
Unlike norethisterone which is purely progestogenic, 5α-DHNET has been found to possess both progestogenic and marked antiprogestogenic activity, showing a profile of progestogenic activity like that of a selective progesterone receptor modulator (SPRM). Moreover, the affinity of 5α-DHNET for the progesterone receptor (PR) is greatly reduced relative to that of norethisterone at only 25% of that of progesterone (versus 150% for norethisterone).
5α-DHNET shows higher affinity for the androgen receptor (AR) compared to norethisterone with approximately 27% of the affinity of the potent androgen metribolone (versus 15% for norethisterone). However, although 5α-DHNET has higher affinity for the AR than does norethisterone, it has significantly diminished and in fact almost abolished androgenic activity in comparison to norethisterone in rodent bioassays. Similar findings were observed for ethisterone (17α-ethynyltestosterone) and its 5α-reduced metabolite, whereas 5α-reduction enhanced both the AR affinity and androgenic potency of testosterone and nandrolone (19-nortestosterone) in rodent bioassays. As such, it appears that the C17α ethynyl group of norethisterone is responsible for its loss of androgenicity upon 5α-reduction. Instead of androgenic activity, 5α-DHNET has been reported to possess some antiandrogenic activity.
Norethisterone and 5α-DHNET have been found to act as weak irreversible aromatase inhibitors (Ki = 1.7 μM and 9.0 μM, respectively). However, the concentrations required are probably too high to be clinically relevant at typical dosages of norethisterone. 5α-DHNET specifically has been assessed and found to be selective in its inhibition of aromatase, and does not affect other steroidogenesis enzymes such as cholesterol side-chain cleavage enzyme (P450scc), 17α-hydroxylase/17,20-lyase, 21-hydroxylase, or 11β-hydroxylase. Since it is not aromatized (and hence cannot be transformed into an estrogenic metabolite), unlike norethisterone, 5α-DHNET has been proposed as a potential therapeutic agent in the treatment of estrogen receptor (ER)-positive breast cancer.
See also
5α-Dihydroethisterone
5α-Dihydronandrolone
5α-Dihydronormethandrone
5α-Dihydrolevonorgestrel
References
5α-Reduced steroid metabolites
1-Ethynylcyclopentanols
Androgens and anabolic steroids
Aromatase inhibitors
Estranes
Human drug metabolites
Ketones
Selective progesterone receptor modulators
Scutari High School is a private three-year high school in the ancient city of Shkodra, Albania. The school began its regular work on 20 September 2004.
The monthly tuition is 10,000 leks. An applicant must have a minimum eighty-percent eighth-grade average to be accepted.
As of June 2005, the school had around thirty students, of varying religious backgrounds.
See also
Jordan Misja High School
Secondary schools in Albania
2004 establishments in Albania
Buildings and structures in Shkodër
Educational institutions established in 2004
Schools in Shkodër
Stadio Degli Ulivi is a multi-purpose stadium in Andria, Italy.
It is mainly used for football matches and hosts the home matches of Lega Pro side Fidelis Andria.
The stadium has a capacity of 9,140 spectators.
Football venues in Italy
Multi-purpose stadiums in Italy
La catena d'Adone (The Chain of Adonis) is the only surviving opera by the Italian composer Domenico Mazzocchi. It was commissioned by Cardinal Ippolito Aldobrandini and first performed at the Palazzo Conti, Rome on February 12, 1626. The libretto, in a prologue and five acts, is by Ottavio Tronsarelli and is based on episodes from Giambattista Marino's epic poem Adone (1623).
Historical importance
La catena d'Adone was an important step in the development of Roman opera. The demarcation between recitative and aria grew more distinct in this work as Mazzocchi tried to escape what he called the "monotony" of Florentine opera.
Roles
The prologue includes Apollo (tenor) and cyclopes. The opera itself has roles for the enchantress Falsirena (soprano); Adone (alto); Plutone (bass); Venere (soprano); Idonia (soprano) and Arsete (bass), advisers of Falsirena ; Oraspe (tenor) ; Amore (soprano) ; Eco (alto) ; nymphs and shepherds. At the premiere, Adone was sung by the 'artificial' contralto (i.e. countertenor) Lorenzo Sances. Falsirena was sung by the composer and castrato Loreto Vittori.
Synopsis
In the prologue, Apollo descends from the clouds and laments Venere's desertion of her husband, the god Vulcan, for the young Adone. In the opera proper (drawn from Cantos XII and XIII of Marino's poem), Adone has to flee from Venere's former lover, the god Marte, and takes refuge in the land of the enchantress Falsirena, who falls in love with him. Falsirena keeps him captive in her realm by means of a magic, invisible chain. She asks Plutone to find out who Adone's love is, then pretends to be Venere. But the real goddess arrives, frees Adone and binds Falsirena to a rock with her own chain.
Recordings
La catena d'Adone, Reinoud Van Mechelen (Adone), Luciana Mancini (Falsirena), Merel Elishevah Kriegsman (Venere/Ninfa), Catherine Lybaert (Amore/Ninfa), Scherzi Musicali conducted by Nicolas Achten (2 CDs, Alpha, 2010)
Notes
Sources
A Short History of Opera by Donald Jay Grout (Columbia University Press, 2003 ed.)
Marina Vaccarini, Catena d'Adone, La, in Gelli, Piero & Poletti Filippo eds. (2007). Dizionario dell'Opera 2008, Milan: Baldini Castoldi Dalai, pp. 208-209. (in Italian; reproduced online at Opera Manager or Del Teatro
Magazine de l'opéra baroque (in French)
External links
Libretto in Italian
Italian-language operas
Operas
1626 operas
Operas by Domenico Mazzocchi
Marco Antônio Valentim Britto Júnior (born October 1, 1970), better known by his stage name Marcão Britto or simply as Marcão, is a Brazilian singer-songwriter, lyricist, guitarist, record producer and YouTuber best known for his work with bands Charlie Brown Jr., TH6, A Banca and Bula.
Biography
Marco Antônio Valentim Britto Júnior was born in Santos, São Paulo on October 1, 1970. He began his musical career around 1982 playing in garage bands, and through one of these projects, Last Joker, he would meet his future Charlie Brown Jr. bandmate Renato Pelado. Parallel to his burgeoning musical career he also worked as a guitar teacher and briefly as a realtor. In 1992 he was approached by Chorão to join his band, What's Up, which later evolved to become Charlie Brown Jr.; he stayed with the band until 2005, recording six critically acclaimed studio albums, when creative divergences and clashes with Chorão prompted his departure alongside other members Champignon and Renato Pelado. Shortly after leaving Charlie Brown Jr. he founded TH6; the band released its only album, Contra Insetos Parasitas, in 2008, entering an indefinite hiatus period in 2010 following the birth of Marcão's son Gabriel. Around the same time he was part of the short-lived supergroup Rockfellas alongside Paul Di'Anno (Iron Maiden), Canisso (Raimundos) and Jean Dolabella (Sepultura).
Marcão accepted an invitation to return to Charlie Brown Jr. in 2011, staying until 2013 when the band ended following the death of Chorão. Soon afterwards, he and remaining Charlie Brown Jr. members Champignon, Thiago Castanho and Bruno Graveto teamed up with Lena Papini to form A Banca, described as a "tribute act/spiritual successor" to Charlie Brown Jr.; they released a single, "O Novo Passo", in August, before splitting up as well due to the suicide of Champignon one month later. In 2014, the remaining members of A Banca reformed as Bula. Alongside Graveto and Lena Papini, Marcão also played for D'Chapas.
Marcão has also made guest appearances on shows of band Kiara Rocks in 2013, and in 2014 produced the debut EP by group Trela, A Arte de Improvisar. The same year, alongside Lena Papini and musicians Egypcio and P.G. of Tihuana fame, he formed the tribute act to Legião Urbana Urbana Legion.
In 2017, he and André Pinguim were guest musicians on Bruno Thadeu's song "A Miséria Comprou a Razão (Ouro Vira Areia)".
In 2019, he, Pinguim and Heitor Gomes reunited Charlie Brown Jr. for a controversial series of shows around Brazil, with guest vocalists. The band was reunited again in 2021 for a special tour celebrating Chorão's 50th birthday, but on October 25 he and bandmate Thiago Castanho parted ways, citing creative divergences with Chorão's son Alexandre, the tour's organizer.
On October 22, 2011, Marcão opened up his official YouTube channel, in which he posts guitar lessons and curiosities about Charlie Brown Jr..
Discography
Charlie Brown Jr.
(1997) Transpiração Contínua Prolongada
(1999) Preço Curto... Prazo Longo
(2000) Nadando com os Tubarões
(2001) Abalando a Sua Fábrica
(2002) Bocas Ordinárias
(2003) Acústico MTV: Charlie Brown Jr.
(2004) Tamo Aí na Atividade
(2012) Música Popular Caiçara
(2013) La Familia 013
TH6
(2008) Contra Insetos Parasitas
Bula
(2014) Não Estamos Sozinhos
(2019) Realidade Placebo
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Charlie Brown Jr. members
20th-century Brazilian male singers
21st-century Brazilian male singers
Brazilian rock singers
Brazilian rock musicians
Brazilian male guitarists
Brazilian record producers
Alternative rock guitarists
Rap rock musicians
Reggae rock musicians
People from Santos, São Paulo
Musicians from São Paulo (state)
Brazilian male singer-songwriters
Brazilian YouTubers
Male YouTubers
East Liberty Presbyterian Church, sometimes referred to as the Cathedral of Hope, is in the East Liberty neighborhood of the East End of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. The current building is the fifth church building to occupy the site; the first was in 1819.
History
The congregation of the East Liberty Presbyterian Church was founded in 1819. The land on which the present church stands was donated by Jacob and Barbara Negley. An acre-and-a-half site, the congregation's first building was a brick school and meeting house of forty-four square feet. The first pastor of the congregation was the Reverend W.B. McIlvaine, who was called as pastor in 1829. His ministry of four decades began with his ordination and installation in April 1830.
The pastorate of Rev. McIlvaine saw 622 members added to the church, spurring plans for a larger church building. In 1847 Mrs. Negley, now a widow, donated an additional tract of land that includes the current South Highland Avenue frontage. Three thousand dollars was raised and the second church, measuring 70 by 50 feet and seating about 400, was erected. The Pennsylvania Railroad extension into Pittsburgh in 1853 caused the Village of East Liberty's population to grow. Eventually, the second church proved too small and discussions began again on the construction of a third building. The building of the third church was delayed by the Civil War, but in 1862, $13,000 was raised and the new church completed by 1864 at a total cost of $23,000.
In 1865, the church called an associate, the Rev. John Gillespie, a native of Scotland and graduate of the Western Theological Seminary. When Rev. McIlvaine retired in 1870, Gillespie assumed the role of pastor. Gillespie's ministry lasted 12 years. In 1882, the Reverend Benjamin L. Agnew, of Philadelphia, was called to succeed Gillespie, but resigned after sixteen months to accept another call in Philadelphia. In 1884, the church called the Reverend J.P.E. Kumler, of Cincinnati. The congregation grew again under Kumler's leadership and the congregation began to consider a fourth, and larger, church building. The fourth church was begun in 1887 and completed within a year.
In 1902, the Rev. Frank W. Sneed succeeded Kumler and served until 1920, when he resigned citing failing health. A vacancy of a year occurred until the Reverend Stuart Nye Hutchison was called as pastor in April, 1921. In 1918, when the congregation observed its one-hundredth anniversary, Andrew William Mellon and Richard Beatty Mellon, the grandsons of Jacob and Barbara Negley donated to the East Liberty congregation the plot of land on Whitfield Street. This final donation of land brought the entire square of East Liberty's center into church possession, which would later be filled with a fifth church, funded by Richard Beatty Mellon and Jennie King Mellon and in memory of their mothers.
The present building
The current church, designed by Ralph Adams Cram, is the fifth on its site. Construction began in 1931 and completed in 1935, funded entirely by Richard Beatty Mellon and his wife, Jennie King Mellon, in memory of their mothers, Sarah Jane Negley Mellon and Sarah Cordelia Smith King. Cram was most pleased with the result, calling it his Magnum Opus. Cram writes in 1935, "Seldom in the case of great churches are the architects permitted to see their highest ideals carried out after a complete and definitive fashion. Here the donors had a vision of adequacy and completeness...it is doubtful if there is anywhere in this country a church of similar magnitude where every detail of utility and artistic quality has been achieved in so full a degree."
Artists and craftsmen of the 1935 church
Architects
Cram and Ferguson, Boston, Mass.
Construction Engineers
James L. Stuart
Alexander R. Reed
Kenneth F. Craft
Scultpors and Modelers
John Angel, New York, NY
William F. Ross Company, East Cambridge, Mass.
Irving and Casson - A.H. Davenport Company, Boston, Mass.
Stained Glass
Charles J. Connick, Boston, Mass.
Reynolds, Francis and Rohnstock, Boston, Mass.
Wilbur H. Burnham, Boston, Mass.
Howard G. Wilbert, Pittsburgh, Penna.
Henry Lee Willet, Philadelphia, Penna.
Oliver Smith, Philadelphia, Penna.
The D'Ascenzo Studios, Philadelphia, Penna.
Stone Carvers
George Brown and Company, Newark, N.J.
Sichi and Fanfani, Washington, D.C.
woodworkers
Alexander Howie, Incorporated, Cleveland, Ohio
R.E. Logan and Company, Pittsburgh, Penna.
Matthews Brothers Company, Bloomington, Ind.
Rockwood-Alabama Stone Company, Russelville, Ala.
metalworkers
Edward F. Caldwell and Company, New York, N.Y.
Organs
The original pipe organ in the church was also a gift of Richard Mellon, and was built as Opus #884 by the Boston firm of Æolian-Skinner. The organ comprised eight divisions, including a six-rank string organ. It contained 6,944 pipes, a harp, and chimes. In 1972-73, the instrument was cleaned and improvements were made to the blowers. Over the following two years, revoicing work was done on several reed and principal stops by J. David Burger. Additions in the 1970s included two significant Memorial Stops. The first being the State Trumpet and the second being the Mounted Cornet. In 2007, the Indianapolis organ building firm of Goulding & Wood, Inc. installed a new organ composed of approximately 60% new pipework and 40% from the original organ. The instrument now contains 120 ranks, with restoration work still to be done on the two antiphonal divisions in the rear gallery.
The first organ in the chapel was built by the Austin Organ Company of Hartford, CT. This instrument had originally been installed in the fourth East Liberty building in 1919, a gift of Mrs. W.M. McKelvy, C. Lockhart McKelvy, and John E. McKelvy. The instrument consisted of sixty-three stops played by a four-manual console. By 1970, consideration was given whether to restore this instrument or purchase a new one. After much deliberation, a new pipe organ was purchased from the Austin Organ Company and installed in February of 1973. The new, and current, Austin is a three manual instrument of 36 ranks and played by a three-manual console. Notably, the organ case predates the 1919 Austin organ and is likely that of the 1888 organ built by Frank Roosevelt for the East Liberty Presbyterian congregation.
Art and architecture
Penn Avenue entrance
The Penn Avenue main entrance carvings represent the City of God (left) and the Tower of David (right).
Narthex
The narthex ceiling is copied from a model found in Cambridge University, England. The inner doors from narthex to nave are English oak. The windows in the south wall depict angels holding instruments of praise and the Scriptures. The windows, from the studios of Reynolds, Francis and Rohnstock, form a glass screen between the narthex and the nave. Within them is found the following symbols: chrysanthemum, thistle, star, fleur-de-lis, rose, and finally a budded cross. Th rose window above the west entrance is also by Reynolds, Francis and Rohnstock. The two windows on the north side of the narthex are by Howard G. Wilbert. The exterior doors of the main entrance are English oak; the interior doors are Siamese teak and weigh four tons.
Clerestory windows
The windows of the clerestory are by Charles J. Connick of Boston, Massachusetts. There are ten clerestory windows in two groups. The windows on the east side of the nave depict Old Testament scenes while the windows on the west side depict New Testament scenes.
Stained glass in the transepts
The large rose window in the east transept, the two small rose windows above the chancel organ cases, and the two small rose windows in each transept are by the D'Ascenzo Studios of Philadelphia. The large window depicts the Revelation 21; the figure of a woman representing the Holy City, the New Jerusalem.
The American Presbyterian History Window was designed by Henry Lee Willett and touches on nearly three centuries of Presbyterian history. The portrayals include Frances Makemie, William Tennent, Samuel Davies, John Witherspoon, John Cameron Lowrie, David Brainerd, Sheldon Jackson, John Joyce, Samuel Findley, Charles Hodge, Thomas Jonathan Jackson, and Robert Elliott Speer. As of 2021, the Church is considering the removal of the Thomas Jonathan Jackson panel due to his Confederate infamy and affiliation.
A single lancet panel, beneath the American Presbyterian History Window, is by Oliver Smith Studios. This window shows three scenes: the Haystack Prayer Meeting (considered the beginning of American Foreign Missions), John Eliot (Puritan Missionary), and Benjamin Franklin's Prayer in the Continental Congress.
Sculpture in the transepts
The Mellon coat-of-arms is mounted on the south wall of the east transept. A brief history of the East Liberty Presbyterian Church is also here inscribed, documenting the congregation's gratitude to the Mellons for their gift of the building. Five Christian virtues are carved as symbols on the west wall of the east transept on shields: Charity (a sheep), Wisdom (a serpent), Faith (a chalice and cross), Chastity (a phoenix), and Patience (a yoked ox). The shield of the Presbyterian Church is carved on the east wall of the nave.
Stained glass in the chancel
The chancel windows were designed by Wilbur Herbert Burnham of Boston, Massachusetts. The windows depict scenes of the life of Christ from the entry into Jerusalem to the Ascension. These scenes are purposefully not placed chronologically so that they cannot be viewed within the sequence of events as found in Gospel accounts. Four small rose windows highlight the importance of music in worship and portray King David (Psalmist), Giovanni Pierluigi Palestrina, Pope Gregory I (Gregorian chant), and Johann Sebastian Bach.
Sculpture in the chancel
A "sounding board" is mounted above the pulpit, which served, prior to modern microphone and speaker systems, to project the preacher's voice into the nave. The imposing reredos is constructed of Alabama limestone. The Last Supper, carved by John Angel, is regarded as one of the two outstanding achievements of his career (the other being the bronze doors of St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York City). The scene was carved from a twenty-two ton rectangular block of Hauteville marble.
Elsewhere, the chancel features several types of marble. The red marble of the Communion Table was imported from Algeria. The chancel floor, formed into a geometrical design, is made of Hauteville marble from France, French Antique Rogue, Swiss Cipolin, Statuary White, Greek Verde Antique, Sarrancolin West, Campan Rubane, Red Levanto, Vermont Verde Antique and Swedish Green.
The Tower Bell
The central tower of the church is home to a bell cast by the Meneely Bell Foundry of Troy, NY. Weighing 2,760 pounds, it was donated by Barbara Negley in 1867. Its inscription reads: "Donated to the First Presbyterian Church of East Liberty by Mrs. B. A. Negley, in the 89th year of her age. Pastors - Rev. William B. McIlvaine, Rev. John Gillespie." Notable occasions on which the bell was rung include the Centennial of the Singing of the Declaration of Independence, the passing of the funeral train of Resident McKinley, and during the World War as a call to prayer.
Exterior lighting
As part of the church's 200th anniversary celebration, new exterior lighting was installed to highlight Ralph Adams Cram's architectural masterpiece. The final phase of this project was to illuminate the tower. The new tower lighting was debuted on May 4, 2019.
Trinity Chapel
Following the deaths of Richard Beatty and Jennie King Mellon in 1942, the Church Session voted to construct to them a memorial which became Trinity Chapel. The entrance to the chapel is half-way down the east aisle and marked, above the doorway, with a carved shield of the Trinity. The doors are Siamese teak. The interior carvings are inspired by Peter Paul Rubens and the windows by Wilbur H. Burnham. The chapel, designed as well by Cram, was erected at a cost of $120,000 and dedicated January 15, 1944.
Wayfarers' Chapel
Desiring to be conscious of those suffering the economic repercussions of the 1929 Great Depression, the congregation intended to use the Wayfarers' Chapel (located at the corner of Baum and Whitfield) for a ministry of social service. However, by the time the church was completed in 1935, the worst of the Great Depression was over and the Wayfarers' Chapel did not fulfill its intended use until many years later. Three windows in the chapel's interior are designed by Howard G. Wilbert and depict the Great Seal of the United States of America, The Crucifixion, and An angel holding the Gospel.
The Garth
The term "garth" comes from the Old English word "heard," or "yard." In the chapel side wall of the garth can be seen the cornerstones of the congregation's previous three church buildings from 1848, 1864, and 1887. The four sandstone columns, set in the north east corner, are from the 1887 church. As a reminder that the land of the Garth was once used as graveyard, the tombstone of John Spahr is erected. The Garth includes a pulpit and is used frequently by the church for services and other events.
References
Further reading
External links
East Liberty Presbyterian Church
East Liberty Presbyterian Church on Facebook
Hope Academy on Facebook
SAH Archipedia Building Entry
Churches in Pittsburgh
Presbyterian churches in Pennsylvania
Churches completed in 1935
20th-century Presbyterian church buildings in the United States
Pittsburgh History & Landmarks Foundation Historic Landmarks
Ralph Adams Cram church buildings
Gothic Revival church buildings in Pennsylvania
Vinil Mathew (born 1977) is an Indian filmmaker and writer, who predominantly directs and produces television commercials. He has also directed two feature films. After studying filmmaking at the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), he made advertisement campaigns for several brands, including Vodafone, Nescafe and Cadbury.
In feature films, Vinil has directed the 2014 romantic comedy Hasee Toh Phasee, which was a critical and commercial success, and the 2021 romantic thriller Haseen Dillruba, which became the most-watched Hindi film on Netflix of that year.
Early life
Vinil Mathew was born in a Malayali family in Delhi. He went to St. Columba's School, Delhi. Vinil was interested in films from a young age and said that watching Mani Ratnam's Roja (1992) when he was in class 10 inspired him to be a filmmaker.
Vinil pursued Economics honours from Delhi University. After graduation, he studied filmmaking at the Film and Television Institute of India. He then studied films further at the University of Television and Film Munich, where he made his graduating short film Danke schon Bitte Schon.
Career
Advertising
Vinil moved to Mumbai in 2000 and joined the advertisement company, Highlight Films, where he assisted Prasoon Pandey. After two years, he started his own production company named Nomad Films. He then joined Footcandles films, under which he worked on advertisements for Reliance, Vodafone and Airtel. In the ad for the last of these brands, he directed Vidya Balan and R. Madhavan. He went on to make over 250 ad campaigns, including one popular one for Cadbury.
In 2014, Vinil opened his own production company Breathless Films, which produces advertisements. The company has launched campaigns for the brands Lays, Voot and Club Mahindra, among others.
Films
In 2003, Vinil directed a television film for the channel Star One, called The Chosen One.
While working on a coffee campaign for Nescafe, Vinil met Karan Johar, who produced his first feature film. It was named Hasee Toh Phasee and was released in 2014. It starred Parineeti Chopra and Sidharth Malhotra and is about the romance between a struggling businessman and a drug-abusing scientist. Vinil said that his advertisement background helped him direct the movie. David Chute of Variety summarised that "This debut feature by Vinil Mathew, a director of stylish TV commercials, is simply too well made and too enjoyable". A review from India Today rated it with 3/5 stars, stating, "Hasee Toh Phasee is a refreshing, much-needed entry in the contemporary romcom genre". The film performed moderately well commercially, earning 61.7 crore worldwide against a budget of 26 crore, becoming the eighth highest grossing Hindi film of 2014.
Keen to work in a different genre, Vinil was attracted to Kanika Dhillon's script of Haseen Dillruba, a romantic thriller about a murder involving a married woman. Starring Taapsee Pannu, the film was released on Netflix in 2021. The film received mixed reviews from critics. Ronak Kotecha of The Times of India gave it 3.5 stars out of 5 and called it "a delectably dark and defiant love story with a thrilling twist". Stutee Ghosh of The Quint praised "Vinil Mathew ‘s directorial flourishes" and added that "the only way Haseen Dillruba truly works is if we unequivocally surrender to its pulpy universe". It emerged as the most-watched Hindi film on Netflix in 2021, reaching top 10 in 22 different countries.
Filmography
The Chosen One (2003)
Hasee Toh Phasee (2014)
Haseen Dillruba (2021)
References
External links
Breathless Films
Film directors from Mumbai
Living people
Indian advertising directors
Hindi-language film directors
St. Columba's School, Delhi alumni
1977 births
Colcha K is a village serving as the capital of Nor Lípez Province, in the Potosí Department of Bolivia. It is also the capital of the Colcha "K" Canton and Colcha "K" Municipality.
References
Populated places in Potosí Department
Lytton is an unincorporated community in Sonoma County, California, United States. The community is on U.S. Route 101 north of Healdsburg.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Sonoma County, California
Voices is a 1985 four-minute 16 mm short animated film directed produced and animated by Joanna Priestley with sound design and production by R. Dennis Wiancko. It was made with ink, watercolor, and pastel drawings/paintings on paper (index cards).
Synopsis
Voices is an exploration of fear of the dark, old age, obesity, monsters, and global destruction. According to Northwest Film and Video Festival juror Marv Newland, "Priestley gets across a series of personal phobias in a refreshing and humorous fashion. We get a superb, contemporary animated film with salutes to historical cartoon figures scattered throughout." Ed Emshwiller described the film as "showing great joy and delight in being alive" and a "message with style".
Production
Priestley began work on Voices in Portland, Oregon, in spring 1983, after completing The Rubber Stamp Film. She wrote the script, rehearsed it and hired cinematographer Jan Baross to shoot the live-action 16 mm footage that was used for rotoscoping. In September 1983, Priestley moved to Valencia, California, to attend California Institute of the Arts (CalArts), where she was the teaching assistant to Jules Engel, head of the Experimental Animation Department. Voices became one of three films, along with Jade Leaf (the first computer film made at CalArts) and The Dancing Bulrushes (co-directed by Steven Subotnick), that were presented at Priestley's thesis review. She received an MFA in Experimental Animation and the Louis B. Mayer Award.
Priestley used pencil, India ink, felt pens, watercolors, and gouache on index cards to animate Voices. The movie was made over a three-year period. The index cards were shot on 16 mm film (Kodak ECO stock) with an old Bolex camera that was purchased at a flea market. Priestley used a simple, homemade animation stand that was a gift from Portland filmmaker Jim Blashfield.
Soundtrack
R. Dennis Wiancko created the soundtrack for Voices by using music clips and homemade sound effects. For the squeaky sounds when the cat rubs its tail came from manipulating a rubber suction device in a snakebite kit. Wiancko collected source material with a Tascam stereo cassette recorder and layered the sound master together on a quarter-inch open reel recorder.
Release
Voices was released in 1985 and premiered at the Telluride Film Festival in Colorado. The film was re-released on DVD in 2006 by Microcinema International. Voices was screened in many retrospectives of Priestley's works, including at REDCAT in Los Angeles in April 2009, Stuttgart International Animation Festival and British Film Institute (BFI) National Film Theatre in May 2017, Sweaty Eyeballs Animation Festival in Baltimore, Maryland, on October 18, 2019, and Fantoche International Animation Festival (Baden, Switzerland) on September 3, 2019.
Awards
National Independent Film Competition: First Place (US)
National Educational Film Festival: First Place (US)
Odense International Film Festival: Special Jury Prize (Denmark)
Algarve Cinema Festival: Best Animated Film (Portugal)
Tel Aviv International Film Festival: First Place (US)
Big Muddy Film Festival: Best of Festival (US)
Canadian International Animation Festival: Special Merit Award (US)
Northwest Film and Video Festival: Best of Festival (US)
CINE Competition: Gold Eagle Award (US)
Chicago International Film Festival: Bronze Hugo Award (US)
USA Film Festival: Finalist (US)
Sinking Creek Film Festival: Cash Award Winner (US)
Film festivals
Telluride Film Festival (Colorado, US)
Hiroshima International Animation Festival (Japan)
Zagreb International Animation Festival (Croatia)
Hong Kong International Film Festival (China)
Los Angeles International Animation Celebration (US)
Denver International Film Festival (US)
Olympia Film Festival (US)
Black Maria Film Festival (US)
Stuttgart International Animation Festival (Germany)
Films des Femmes: Festival International de Créteil (France)
San Francisco International Film Festival (US)
Montreal International Women's Film Festival (Canada)
New York Filmmaker's Expo (US)
Bumbershoot Film Festival (US)
Flaherty Film Seminar (US)
Womanimation! Film Festival (US)
Big Cartoon Festival (Moscow, Russia)
Touring programs
The Festival of Animation (US)
Black Maria Film Festival Tour (US)
Northwest Film Festival Tour (US)
References
External links
Voices at the Internet Movie Database
1983 films
1983 animated films
1980s American animated films
1980s animated short films
American animated short films
Films directed by Joanna Priestley
1980s English-language films
The Church of God (Holiness) is an association of autonomous holiness Christian congregations. Originating in the 19th century, it is aligned with conservative holiness movement of Methodism. With respect to ecumenism, the Church of God is a member of the Global Wesleyan Alliance and Interchurch Holiness Convention.
History
The Church of God (Holiness) began on March 29, 1883, with the founding of a church in Centralia, Missouri with 44 members. Those involved in this effort were: J. F. Watkins, N. T. Sneed, H. A. Foster, G. R. Sneed, F. H. Sumter, J. B. Ceighton, J. H. Allen, D. C. Brenneman, G. W. Petty, Isaiah Reid, T. B. Bratton, A. L. Brewer, A. M. Kiergan, and W. T. Bean. The movement grew out of a group of former members of the Methodist Episcopal Church that had been participating in the Southwestern Holiness Association. The leading cause of their departure from the Methodist Church was their zealous propagation of a unique interpretation of the doctrine of entire sanctification that differed from the rest of the Methodist Church. One of the early leaders was John Petit Brooks (1826–1915), who was editor of The Church Witness, which subsequently merged with The Good Way, to become the Church Herald, which later merged with the Church Advocate and Holiness Banner to become The Church Herald and Holiness Banner. He left the Methodist Episcopal Church circa 1886.
Beliefs
The idea of church is for believers to come together as a body, and to have fellowship with other believers. God desires that we come to Him with a repentant heart and a desire to know Him more fully.
Organization
The Church of God (Holiness) has about 120 congregations in the United States, with the majority in Missouri and Kansas. Additionally they have 12 congregations on the Navajo Reservation, 13 Spanish-speaking congregations in California, Texas, New York and Colorado, a Korean ministry in Overland Park, Kansas, and two Haitian works in New York and Florida. The church also has a sizeable outgrowth in the Cayman Islands. Ministry departments of the church include Home Missions, World Missions, Harmony Hill Youth Ministries, and the Herald and Banner Press. Headquarters are located in Overland Park, Kansas. A general church conference is held annually in Overland Park. World missions works are found in Bolivia, the British West Indies, the Virgin Islands, Ghana, Nigeria, India, Myanmar, Papua New Guinea, Colombia, Cuba, Haiti, Jamaica, and Ukraine.
Ecumenism
With respect to ecumenism, the Church of God is a member of the Global Wesleyan Alliance and the Interchurch Holiness Convention.
Education
The Church of God (Holiness) is associated with Kansas Christian College in Overland Park. This institution gives degrees in ministry, business leadership, psychology, and education. The headquarters for the church is located on the campus and the General Camp and Convention are also held here.
The church is also associated with several private elementary and secondary schools. These are El Dorado Christian School in Eldorado Springs, Missouri; Fort Scott Christian Heights in Fort Scott, Kansas; Gravette Holiness Bible School in Gravette, Arkansas; Lowry City Christian School in Lowry City, Missouri; Mount Zion Bible School in Ava, Missouri; Mountain State Christian School in Culloden, West Virginia; and Overland Christian Schools in Overland Park.
References
External links
Church of God (Holiness) - Official Web Site
Home Missions Department
World Missions Department
Kansas Christian College
Harmony Hill Youth Ministries
HHYC Young Adult Missions Program
Herald and Banner Press
Centralia, Missouri
Religious organizations established in 1883
Church of God denominations
Holiness denominations
Evangelical denominations in North America
Christian denominations established in the 19th century
Protestant denominations established in the 19th century
1883 establishments in Missouri
is a multi-purpose stadium in Ukyo-ku, Kyoto, Japan. It was formerly known as Kyoto Nishikyogoku Athletic Stadium. Since August 2019 it has been called Takebishi Stadium Kyoto until July 2029 for the naming rights by Takebishi (たけびし).
It was used mostly for football matches and was the home stadium of J.League club Kyoto Sanga FC until 2019.
The stadium holds 20,588 people and was built in 1942. It hosted the football match between Romania and Ghana during the 1964 Summer Olympics.
In 2019, Kyoto Sanga announced plans to move to Sanga Stadium by Kyocera, a new, football-specific stadium being built in Kameoka, in time for the 2020 season to start.
Access
3-minute walk from Nishi-Kyōgoku Station on the Hankyū Kyoto Main Line.
Events
Kyoto Marathon
All-Japan High School Ekiden Championship
Inter-Prefectural Women's Ekiden
References
FIFA.com 1964 Summer Olympics ROU-GHA results. – accessed 14 August 2010.
Facilities Guide, Kyoto City Office
Stadium Information, Kyoto City Amateur Sports Association
Venues of the 1964 Summer Olympics
Olympic football venues
Football venues in Japan
Rugby union stadiums in Japan
Athletics (track and field) venues in Japan
American football venues in Japan
Buildings and structures in Kyoto
Multi-purpose stadiums in Japan
Sports venues in Kyoto Prefecture
Sport in Kyoto
American football in Japan
Kyoto Sanga FC
1942 establishments in Japan
Sports venues completed in 1942
College football venues
Manuel Lisandro Barillas Bercián (17 January 1845 – 7 April 1907) was a Guatemalan general and acting president of Guatemala from 6 April 1885 to 15 March 1886 and President from 16 March 1886 to 15 March 1892. He was born in Quetzaltenango, and assassinated (at the behest of his enemy Manuel Estrada Cabrera, President of Guatemala at the time) in Mexico City in 1907.
Government
Barillas Bercián became interim president of Guatemala after the death of President Justo Rufino Barrios in the battle of Chalchuapa in El Salvador in April 1885, by means of a clever scam: he went to the General Cemetery when Barrios was being laid to rest and told the Congress president: "please prepare room and board for the 5,000 troops that I have waiting for my orders in Mixco". The congress president was scared by this, and declared Barillas interim president on the spot. By the time he realized that it was all a lie, it was too late to change anything.
Instead of calling for elections, as he should have, Barillas Bercián was declared President on 16 March 1886 and remained in office until 1892.
Remodelling Colón Theater
In 1852, Juan Matheu and Manuel Francisco Pavón Aycinena presented Rafael Carrera with a plan to build a majestic National Theater, that would be called Carrera Theater in his honor. Once approved, Carrera commissioned Matheu himself and Miguel Ruiz de Santisteban to build the theater. Initially it was in charge of engineer Miguel Rivera Maestre, but he quit after a few months and was replaced by German expert José Beckers, who built the Greek façades and added a lobby. This was the first monumental building ever built in the Republican era of Guatemala, given that in the 1850s the country finally was enjoying some peace and prosperity.
Appleton's Guide to México and Guatemala of 1884 describes the theater as follows: «In the middle of the square is the Theater, similar in size and elegance to any of the rest of Spanish America. Lines of orange trees and other nice trees of brilliant flowers and delicious fragrances surround the building while the statues and fountains placed at certain intervals enhance even more the beauty of the place.
After the Liberal reform of 1871, the theater was called National Theater. In 1892, it was refurbished, removing the conservative coat of arms from its façade and substituting for it a sculpture and inscriptions. The orange trees, fountains and sculptures were removed, and in their place modern gardens were planted and a bust of José Batres Montúfar was erected.
During the government of general Barillas Bercián, the theater was remodeled to celebrate the Discovery of America fourth centennial anniversary; the Italian community in Guatemala donated a statue of Christopher Columbus -- Cristóbal Colón, in Spanish -- which was placed next to the theater. Since then, the place has been called "Colón Theater".
1892 Presidential elections
General José María Reyna Barrios, nephew of former president Justo Rufino Barrios, made it back to Guatemala in time to run for office in the 1892 presidential elections, after Barillas had expelled him a few years earlier. It was the first election in Guatemala that allowed the candidates to make propaganda in the local newspapers. The candidates who ran for office were:
Barillas Bercian was unique among all liberal presidents of Guatemala between 1871 and 1944: he handed over power to his successor peacefully. When election time approached, he sent for the three Liberal candidates to ask them what their government plan would be. The following anecdote recounts better what happened then:
First arrived lawyer Francisco Lainfiesta, and General Barillas, with the friendliest of smiles, said: "Mr. Lainfiesta: you are one of the candidates in the upcoming elections and perhaps the more likely to win. Therefore, I would like to know what your attitude and your political system of government will be, if you get to win. Especially, I would like to know your attitude about my person; because I have made my mistakes, I do not deny it. I was a simple worker at my carpentry when General Justo Rufino Barrios sent for me to be appointed second presidential designate. I would therefore, Mr. Lainfiesta, know what conduct you will observe towards me." Mr. Lainfiesta said: General Barillas: if luck would favor me with the election victory, my government will be based on strict adherence to the Constitution; the law would be the law and anyone who has acquired some responsibility, will have to answer for it before the relevant courts. A firm and righteous compliance with the constitutional provisions shall be the standard of my conduct as president. Very well said general Barillas, and both parted cordially.
Barillas then brought in Dr. Montúfar and interrogated him in the same or similar way as he had done Mr. Lainfiesta. Dr. Montúfar responded in similar terms as Lainfiesta, stressing his claims to obedience of the Constitution and strict enforcement.
Finally general Reyna Barrios came in; when in the midst of pleasant conversation, General Barillas repeated his question, and Reyna replied, with a sincere smile: We should not even talk about that, general; because you and I are the same. Rest assured that I will know how to respect and protect you. And then both shook hands with effusion. By the election period, the first two days of voting favored Lainfiesta. But by the third day, a huge column of Quetzaltenango and Totonicapán Indigenous people came down from the mountains to vote for general Reyna Barrios. The official agents did their job: Reyna was elected president and, not to offend the losing candidates, Barillas gave them checks to cover the costs of their presidential campaigns. Reyna Barrios, of course, received nothing, but he went on to become President on 15 March 1892.
After the government
Barillas stayed in Guatemala busy with his land properties during the government of Reyna Barrios - he owned the "La Aurora" finca near Guatemala City - but when Reyna was murdered in 1898 after his attempt to extend his term, Barillas had to go into exile in Mexico, as the new president, Manuel Estrada Cabrera, was his personal enemy. In Mexico, Barillas was involved in several conspiracies to take over the Guatemalan government.
Death
Barillas Bercián was assassinated in Mexico City in 1907 by two assassins sent to kill him by President Manuel Estrada Cabrera, who had lost patience with the constant conspiracies led by Barillas while in exile in Mexico. The two murderers were from Estrada Cabrera's personal guard, and never thought that they could be prosecuted for this crime, as they were accustomed to perpetrate crimes under total impunity in Guatemala. Once captured, they were interrogated and confessed that two senior officials in the Guatemalan government had sent them to Mexico to kill Barillas.
Portraits
Notes
References
Citations
Bibliography
1845 births
1907 deaths
People from Quetzaltenango
Presidents of Guatemala
Vice presidents of Guatemala
Liberal Party (Guatemala) politicians
Guatemalan generals
19th-century Guatemalan people
Manuel Estrada Cabrera
Guatemalan exiles
Guatemalan expatriates in Mexico
Kathleen Walsh may refer to:
Kathleen E. Walsh, president and CEO of Boston Medical Center
Kay Walsh (1911–2005), actress and dancer
Kate Walsh (actress) (born 1967), American actress and businesswoman
Kathleen Walsh, character in Medium played by Molly Ringwald
Kathleen Walsh (camogie) in All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship 1932
See also
Kathy Walsh (disambiguation)
Kate Walsh (disambiguation)
Catherine Walsh (disambiguation)
The National Clarion Cycling Club is a British cycling club founded in 1894, and which retained strong links with the labour movement through the 20th century. At its peak, in 1936, it had 233 UK sections and 8,306 members. In 2021, it replaced its “support for the principles of socialism” with support for “fairness, equality, inclusion and diversity”. Today it has some 30 member sections across Great Britain and over 1,900 members.
History
Clarion Cycling Clubs
The first club was formed in February 1894 in Birmingham, England as the Socialists' Cycling Club. At its second meeting it renamed itself the Clarion Cycling Club after The Clarion socialist newspaper. This was at the peak of the bicycle boom, when the old penny farthing had been swept away by the new safety bicycle, the diamond-frame design widely used today.
By the end of 1894, readers of The Clarion formed local socialist cycling clubs in five industrial centres: Birmingham, The Potteries, Liverpool, Bradford and Barnsley.
In 1895 at Ashbourne, Derbyshire the five clubs gathered for their first annual Easter Meet. Together they formed the National Clarion Cycling Club, which is
"the association of the various Clarion Cycling Clubs for the purpose of Socialist propaganda and for promoting inter-club runs between the clubs of different towns".
Clarion Scouts
In 1894 a writer in the Clarion under the pen-name "Numquam" suggested a "cycling corps of Clarion Scouts". That summer, a meeting between The Potteries and Birmingham Clarion Clubs decided to put it into effect: "scouts" using their cycling trips to circulate socialist leaflets and copies of the Clarion wherever they visited.
In November 1894, members of the Bradford and Liverpool CCC's campaigned for socialist candidates in local council elections. By the end of that year, 22 of the Bradford CCC's 25 members were working as Scouts, distributing propaganda to villages around the town. In March 1895 a new socialist magazine, The Scout, was launched for Scouts to read and circulate. It was subtitled "A Monthly Journal for Socialists" and its first edition included a set of "Instructions for Scouts" written by The Clarions editor Robert Blatchford. The Clarion Clubs also did much to circulate The Clarion, Blatchford's book Merrie England and the socialist ideas that they expressed.
When the Clarion Clubs were formed, socialists in Britain were divided between the Social Democratic Federation founded in 1881, the Independent Labour Party founded in 1893 and smaller organisations. The Labour Representation Committee that evolved into the current Labour Party was not founded until 1900. Clarion Scouts were encouraged to support either SDF or ILP candidates in elections, and Scouts in districts that lacked local socialist groups were encouraged to form either a local group of either SDF or the ILP, and to build unity between the disparate organisations of Britain's labour movement.
The number of local Clarion Clubs/sections grew to 30 by the end of 1895, including London Clarion Cycle Club, and 70 by the early part of 1897. They reached the peak of their extent and influence in 1914, when their Easter Meet was at Shrewsbury. The illustrator and socialist Walter Crane designed the National Clarion Cycle Club's letterhead.
The Clarion membership reached its peak in 1936, with 233 sections across the UK and 8,306 members. At that time they had an educational scheme within the National Council of Labour Colleges.
Membership then fell, to 5000 by 1951, 4000 by 1953, 3000 by 1957, 2000 by 1961 and 1000 by 1965. From 2000, the Clarion limped along with only 500-600 members until 2010, when sections were urged to support youth development, and new sections were encouraged. This coincided with a UK 'golden era' of international cycling success; it had 1,300 members in 30 sections in 2014, and by the end of 2017 membership reached 1,895 members.
Modern Clarion movement
Since 2007, the Clarion Cycling Club has doubled its membership to over 2,000 members across some 14 sections. In 2018, the club had active sections in Brighton & Hove, Cotswold, Fenland, Heanor, Gosport, Ironbridge, Lancashire (Barnoldswick, Blackpool, Clitheroe), Greater Manchester (Bolton, Bury, Manchester, Saddleworth, Stockport), London, North Cheshire, Nottinghamshire (Nottingham, Tuxford), Scotland (Coatbridge, West Lothian), Sunderland, Teesside, and Yorkshire (Calder, Yorkshire Coast). A 'private' membership category caters for members who do not live close to a regional section or who do not want to join a local club.
Today the Clarion stands less for political activism and more for all forms of cycle activities, including cycle touring, sportives, time trials, road, track and cyclo-cross racing. The staple diet of the Clarion cyclist is the club run, an organised group ride, usually at a weekend, covering distances from 20 miles to over 100 miles in a day.
The club has a biannual newsletter, Boots and Spurs, and holds an annual conference.
In June 2021, an AGM of the National Clarion Club voted to remove a reference to socialism from its constitution. A majority of members felt it was "divisive and non-inclusive". Two-thirds voted to replace “support for the principles of socialism” with support for “fairness, equality, inclusion and diversity”. Critics accused the club of "trying to erase history" and warned the step may lead to a breakaway organisation.
Splintering
Concerns about dilution of the Clarion's political aims had already created splinter clubs. In 2006 the National Clarion Cycling Club 1895 (North Lancs Union) was formed as a breakaway group from the original National Clarion CC. According to the splinter organisation's secretary Charles Jepson, writing in 2021, it was established "to protect the (original National Clarion CC) founders' commitment to 'combine the pleasures of cycling with the propaganda of socialism'".
Sporting successes and champions
The Clarion has several champions among its membership including:
Barry Hoban started cycling with Calder Clarion in 1955, and later claimed many European victories as well as stages of the Tour de France.
Adrian Timmis, formerly of Hednesford (Cannock Chase Clarion), was a prolific national champion and major European stage racer.
Chris Newton, formerly of Teesside Clarion, won the 2002 world points race championship on the track and other world, Olympic and Commonwealth medals.
Adam and Simon Yates, members of Bury Clarion, are current professional cyclists for Ineos Grenadiers and Team BikeExchange, respectively. Simon is the only British-born rider to win the Vuelta a España.
References
Further reading
Cycling clubs in the United Kingdom
1894 establishments in the United Kingdom
Socialism in the United Kingdom
The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Cremona in the Lombardy region of Italy.
Prior to 16th century
218 BCE - Cremona becomes part of the Roman Republic.
89 BCE - Roman citizenship granted to Cremonese.
69 CE - occurs during the Roman civil war (68-69).
450 CE - Roman Catholic Diocese of Cremona established (approximate date).
550 CE - Byzantines in power; town called "Cataulada."
603 CE - Town sacked by Lombard forces of Agilulf.
774 - Franks in power in region.
962 - Liutprand of Cremona becomes bishop.
1022 - Ruler Landolfo ousted.
1098 - Commune established.
1116 - Office of consul active (approximate date).
1167
Cremona joins the Lombard League.
Cremona Baptistery built.
1190 - Cremona Cathedral consecrated.
1250 - Parma-Cremona conflict.
1291 - Torrazzo of Cremona (tower) built.
1311 - Cremona sacked by forces of Henry VII, Holy Roman Emperor.
1322 - Galeazzo I Visconti in power.
1406 - in power.
1419 - Filippo Maria Visconti in power.
1473 - Printing press in operation.
1499 - Venetians in power.
16th-19th centuries
1505 - Future luthier Andrea Amati born in Cremona.
1512 - Maximilian Sforza in power.
1535 - Spaniards in power in Lombardy region.
1565 - (administrative region) formed.
1567 - Future composer Claudio Monteverdi born in Cremona.
1588 - Astronomical clock installed in the Torrazzo.
1644 - Future luthier Antonio Stradivari born in Cremona.
1668 - Population: 10,000.
1676 - Accademia dei Disuniti formed.
1702 - Battle of Cremona fought during the War of the Spanish Succession.
1707 - Austrians in power.
1747 - Teatro Nazari (theatre) opens.
1775 - opens.
1814 - Austrians in power in Lombardy region.
1848 - Revolution of 1848.
1859
Cremona becomes part of the Kingdom of Italy.
(provincial district) established.
1863 - Treviglio–Cremona railway begins operating & Cremona railway station opens.
1866 - Pavia–Cremona railway and Brescia–Cremona railway begin operating.
1875 - Interessi Cremonesi newspaper begins publication.
1879 - Provincia newspaper begins publication.
1897 - Population: 37,632.
20th century
1901 - Population: 39,344.
1903 - U.S. Cremonese (football club) formed.
1906 - Cremona–Fidenza railway begins operating.
1911 - Population: 40,436.
1916 - begins operating.
1922 - "Fascist squads devastated the headquarters" of the Italian People's Party in Cremona.
1928 - Museo Civico Ala Ponzone (museum) opens in the Palazzo .
1929 - Stadio Giovanni Zini (stadium) opens.
1933 - Piacenza–Cremona railway begins operating.
1940 - begins operating.
1947 - La Provincia di Cremona newspaper begins publication.
1971 - Population: 82,904.(it)
1994 - (library) established.
21st century
2012 - UNESCO recognized the "Traditional violin craftsmanship in Cremona" as intangible cultural heritage
2013 - Population: 72,137.
2014 - Gianluca Galimberti becomes mayor.
2019 - The Museo del Violino commences the "Stradivarius Sound Bank" preservation project.
See also
Cremona history (it)
List of mayors of Cremona
List of bishops of Cremona (in Italian)
Lombardy history (region)
(region)
Timelines of other cities in the macroregion of Northwest Italy:(it)
Liguria region: Timeline of Genoa
Lombardy region: Timeline of Bergamo; Brescia; Mantua; Milan; Pavia
Piedmont region: Timeline of Novara; Turin
References
This article incorporates information from the Italian Wikipedia.
Bibliography
in English
(+ 1870 ed.)
in Italian
(bibliography)
External links
Archivio di Stato di Cremona (state archives)
Items related to Cremona, various dates (via Europeana)
Items related to Cremona, various dates (via Digital Public Library of America)
Cremona
Cremona
cremona
The Magnifique class was a type of three 74-gun ships of the line.
Magnifique
Builder:
Ordered:
Launched: 1750
Fate: 1782, Grounded on sandbar off Lovells Island, Boston, MA, USA
Entreprenant
Builder:
Ordered:
Launched:
Fate:
Guerrier
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 18 September 1750
Launched: 9 September 1753
Fate: Burnt by the British after the Battle of the Nile, 2 August 1798
74-gun ship of the line classes
Ship of the line classes from France
"Heart Station" is a song by Japanese musician Hikaru Utada, which was released as a double A-side single alongside her song "Stay Gold" on February 20, 2008. The title track for her album Heart Station, the song was heavily promoted on radio stations, for three weeks it was the number one song on the newly established Billboard Hot Top Airplay chart, despite only managing to reach number two on the Billboard Japan Hot 100.
Background and development
In February 2007, Utada released "Flavor of Life", the theme song for the drama Hana Yori Dango Returns, which became one of her most commercially successful singles, selling over eight million downloads and becoming the second most digitally successful song of 2007 globally. This was followed by a second single in 2007, featuring the songs "Beautiful World", the theme song for the animated film Evangelion: 1.0 You Are (Not) Alone, and "Kiss & Cry", a song used to promote Nissin Foods' Cup Noodles.
In October 2007, Utada's song "Stay Gold" was unveiled in Kao Corporation's Asience shampoo commercials. It was released as a ringtone on December 7, managing to be downloaded 250,000 times a month after its release, and was promoted at radio stations in mid January 2008.
During the process of writing the song, Utada decided to make the song have a theme of "heart electric waves", likening emotional signals to radio signals. She decided on this because she felt that radio stations had a hand-made, analog, loving and warm feeling to them, which resonated with the song matter.
Promotion and release
The song was used in commercials for cellphone music store Recochoku from late January 2008, which featured Utada dancing in a bear suit fastened in the shape of her stuffed teddy bear, Kuma Chang.
Due to the radio theme of the song's lyrics, the advertising campaign for the song focused on FM radio airplay. It was released to radio stations across Japan on January 21, and a special website was created for the song in order to make it easier for people to request the song on the radio. In later February, the song reached the top of the Billboard Hot Top Airplay chart, and manage to stay there for a total of three weeks. Despite this, the song peaked only at number two on the composite Japan Hot 100 chart, behind boyband Arashi's "Step and Go".
In February, Utada went on a promotional campaign to promote the song, appearing on several music programs to perform the song: Hey! Hey! Hey! Music Champ on February 18, Music Station and Music Fighter on February 22, and at Count Down TV on February 23. She was featured in many music and fashion magazines in Japan to promote the single, including issues of Pia, Patipati, CD Data, What's In? and Pop Teen.
Music video
The music video for the song was released on February 4, 2008. It was her first video in a year since "Flavor of Life (Ballad Version)" to feature herself personally (after animated videos were released for her other 2007 singles, "Kiss & Cry" and "Beautiful World"). The video was directed by Masashi Mutō, a director who had worked with such musical acts as Mika Nakashima and L'Arc-en-Ciel, however had not worked with Utada before.
The music video featured Utada wearing white headphones as she rides a subway train. Surrounding her are other subway users, who are immobile, and are either shown as black silhouettes or fast blurs. Mutō and Utada gave the video a theme of "gaze", and tried to focus on Utada's expressions and mannerisms as she rode among the other subway patrons.
Critical reception
CDJournal reviewers were positive, praising in particular the song's backing vocals reusing the melody line (described as having a "tender floating-feeling"), and Utada's arrangement. They felt that the song expressed sweet, sour and painful emotions, and praised the lyric "kokoro no denpa todoitemasu ka?" ("Do my heart's radio waves reach you?") in particular as "touching the heartstrings", as if a hand were stretching out and softly touching the listener. Takayuki Saito of Hot Express felt the work established Utada further as a sound creator, and praised her vocals, lyrics and the general "high level of perfection".
Listen.jp reviewer Shigefumi Koike praised how the song showed off Utada's "adventurous spirit" while remaining an easily listenable pop song. He felt that the most notable aspect of "Heart Station" was how Utada's raw, unprocessed vocals created a strong feeling of warmth. Koike felt that both "Stay Gold" and "Heart Station" were a "magnificent" display of Utada's "futuristic" abilities as a sound creator, and that both songs showed off the emotive qualities of Utada's vocals and had great "ambient sound arrangements".
Track listing
Personnel
Personnel details were sourced from "Heart Station" / "Stay Gold"'s liner notes booklet.
Goetz B. for 365 Artists – mixing
Atsushi Matsui – recording
Akira Miyake – production
Yuzuru Tomita – additional programming
Hikaru Utada – all vocals, arrangement, keyboards, production, programming, writing
Teruzane Utada – production
Chart rankings
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales and certifications
Release history
References
2008 singles
2008 songs
EMI Music Japan singles
Hikaru Utada songs
Japanese-language songs
Songs about radio
Songs used as jingles
Songs written by Hikaru Utada
Wild Ireland is an Irish travel documentary series that began airing on 13 April 2015 on ITV. It was presented by Christine Bleakley.
The series was filmed throughout 2014 and had the working title of Wild Atlantic Way.
Awards
Wild Ireland won an IFTA Gala Television Award in the 'Factual' category in October 2015.
Episodes
Official viewing figures are from BARB.
References
2015 British television series debuts
2015 British television series endings
2015 Irish television series debuts
2015 Irish television series endings
2010s British documentary television series
ITV documentaries
English-language television shows
Television shows set in the Republic of Ireland
Follow That Dog was a British television comedy which aired during 1974. It was produced by Southern Television, and starred Norman Rossington, Patsy Rowlands, Anthony Dawes, Nigel Rhodes and Janet French. All six episodes are missing, believed lost.
References
External links
Follow That Dog on IMDb
1974 British television series debuts
1974 British television series endings
Lost television shows
English-language television shows
ITV sitcoms
1970s British comedy television series
Line 7 is a northwest–southeast line of the Shanghai Metro network. It connects the Baoshan District of Shanghai with the downtown core as well as the Pudong New Area and the Expo 2010 site. It currently runs from in Baoshan District to in Pudong, which is near Shanghai New International Expo Center. serves as a terminus for trains returning to Chentai Road depot. The line is colored orange on system maps.
History
Construction began on November 24, 2005.
The first section of the line from Huamu Road to Shanghai University opened to the public on December 5, 2009.
In the first few months of operation, the trains only operated from 9AM-4PM to allow for extended testing of the line.
On February 20, 2010, operating hours have been extended to fall in line with the rest of the metro system afterwards.
On April 20, 2010, Houtan station entered operation.
In December 2010, three stations on the northern extension of the line opens.
In June 2011, two more stations on the northern extension of the line opens.
In July 2014, Qihua Road station entered operation.
Stations
Service routes
Important stations
station, which serves the Shanghai University.
station is a station where line 7 crosses lines 3 and 4.
station, located under the busy Nanjing Road, is an interchange with line 2.
Future expansions
There are no current extensions planned.
Station name change
On June 6, 2012, Chuanchang Road was renamed .
Headways
<onlyinclude>
Technology
Signalling
Rolling Stock
References
Shanghai Metro lines
Railway lines opened in 2009
2009 establishments in China
E. J. Mills is an American football coach. He is the head football coach at Amherst College in Amherst, Massachusetts, a position he has held since 1997.
Head coaching record
Football
References
External links
Amherst profile
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American softball coaches
Albany Great Danes football coaches
Amherst Mammoths football coaches
Amherst Mammoths softball coaches
Dayton Flyers baseball players
Ramapo Roadrunners football coaches
The Berritzgaard estate and manor house is one of the largest and best preserved manor houses on the island of Lolland in Denmark. The estate can be traced back to 1382, to its first owner, Markvard Pøiske. The estate developed from a village called "Berith", situated where the Berritzgaard manor house now stands. Later, the Huitfeldt family purchased the estate. Jacob Huitfeldt and his wife Lisebeth Friis built the present manor house that was constructed by Hans van Steenwinckel the Elder. Lisebeth Friis was widowed before the house was finished in 1586.
The style of the house is in the Dutch Renaissance architectural style and Berritzgaard is considered to be the most unspoiled example of a manor house from this style period in Denmark.
History
Ownership by the Huitfeldt Family, Sale to Abraham Lehn
In 1654, Joachim Gersdorff, the widower after Huitfeldt, sold the Berritzgaard estate to Hans Wilhelm von Harstall, who was the "Chosen Prince Christian's" stable master. His son, Christian Ulrich von Harstall, became King Christian V's Master of the Royal Stables. Because of his service to the Kingdom, he was given additional land to add to the Berritzgaard estate. This was the only time in the history of Berritzgaard that the estate was expanded by royal gift. After being widowed, his daughter sold Berritzgaard to Abraham Lehn (the Younger) in 1729. Johan Lehn, Abraham's the Elder's father, had emigrated to Denmark from the Netherlands. The Lehn family made their fortune in the wine trade, grocery trade and in the shipping business, with Abraham Lehn the Elder being the director of the Danish East India Company. Their primary import product was tea from Ceylon.
Creation of the Barony of Guldborgland
Abraham Lehn the Younger's son, Poul Abraham Lehn, created the Barony of Guldborgland from his holdings at Berritzgaard and the purchase of the Oreby Estate in 1775, combining all of his possessions northwest of Sakskøbing. In the 1790s, much work was done on the grounds by Johan Christian Boas, a German landscape architect who brought knowledge on farming and crop rotation to the estate, including the use of clover as a rotation crop. His plans for the gardens at Berritzgaard won national prizes in Denmark.
According to tradition, Poul Lehn's only son out of his four children died when he fell out of a window at the Berritzgaard house, so the Guldborgland barony later went to Poul Lehn's granddaughter. She was Christiane Henriette von Barner, who after a short and very happy, but childless marriage, was widowed in 1811. In 1820 she remarried Colonel Henrik Christian Rosenoern. Now in possession of the Guldborgland Barony, Colonel Henrik Christian Rosenoern was given the title "baron" with the name Rosenoern-Lehn for him and his descendants to bear.
Abandonment of the House as a Family House
Christiane Henriette had previously decided to move the headquarters of the Barony of Guldborgland to the more beautifully situated Oreby Estate and to restore the rather rundown castle there. To carry this out, Poul Lehn's will, in which he had had set aside a considerable sum of money to restore Berritzgaard's big detached wing, had to be changed. This was successful and Berritzgaard was abandoned in 1810 as living quarters for the Rosenoern-Lehn family and was not used as a family house for the next 160 years.
The house was left only partly furnished, now and then occupied by staff in the lower part of the house. The run down wing that was supposed to be restored was instead demolished, and Hans van Steenwinckel's fine house was allowed to stand untouched by changing architectural fashions. Occasionally the house was used for other purposes. In 1864 it was used as a hospital during the Danish-Prussian War, and just after World War I it was used as a refugee camp. In 1940-1943 the Danish army had a garrison that was taken over by the German occupation forces. From 1945 to 1949 the house and the grounds were used as a refugee camp for East Germans. In the 1950s, a rug factory was operated on the grounds. Much of the land surrounding the estate were lost in the land redistribution in Denmark that took place in 1919-1921. Many large estates were broken into small plots and leased to farmers through the Danish government.
Renovations of the House and Grounds
One of the larger known renovations of Berritzgaard was in the 1890s where the existing leaded lights were added to mimic the Rosenborg Castle in Copenhagen and the windows on the first floor were shortened so they would "stand" on the decorative limestone border, which is set into the redbrick wall all around the house. During the same renovation, several blinded windows were re-established. The house was kept in basic repair until 1970 where Christiane Henriette's great-great grandchild (the present owner) converted the house to his private residence with a general restoring and refurnishing of the house.
In the 1950s the public road "Kogangen" was moved from its immediate position north of the house to its present southern location between the house and the farm-building complex thus combining the gardens north and south of the house. At the same occasion the fragmented moat system was cleaned up and extended and a new moat was dug where the public road had run, thus combining the fragments. The old baroque garden north of the house was cleared of younger tree avenues and a fruit garden thus making room for the original double driveway avenue of lime trees planted sometimes in mid-18th century. This avenue frames the garden room beautifully and by making a "false" perspective gives an impression of a far view in an otherwise completely flat landscape.
Complete Renovation and Reestablishment as a Private Residence
The tiled roof was restored in the mid 1970s and during the last 30 years the house has been fully restored in respect to the national listing of historic places underwhich the house is placed.
The house is a private residence and is not open to the public.
Cultural references
In 1950 a film was made on the property entitled "Historien om Hjortholm."
List of owners
(1300- ) Slægten Pøiske
(1382- ) Markvard Pøiske
(1400- ) Hartvig Pøiske
(1417-1478) Hans Pøiske
(1478-1479) Karen Andersdatter Jernskæg, gift 1) Pøiske
(1479-1502) Markvard Pøiske
(1502- ) Erik Olufsen Blaa
( -1529) Otto Clausen Huitfeldt
(1529-1559) Christopher Ottosen Huitfeldt
(1559-1583) Jacob Christophersen Huitfeldt
(1583-1631) Lisbeth Friis, gift Huitfeldt
(1631-1652) Henrik Jacobsen Huitfeldt
(1652-1654) Øllegaard Huitfeldt, gift Joachim von Gersdorff
(1654-1680) Hans Vilhelm von Harstall
(1680-1719) Christian Ulrich von Harstall
(1719-1724) Dorothea von Harstall og Sophie Charlotte von Harstall, gift * von Körbitz
(1724-1726) Johan Christoph von Körbitz
(1726-1729) Sophie Charlotte von Harstall, gift von Körbitz
(1729-1757) Abraham Lehn
(1757-1804) Poul Abraham Lehn
(1804-1809) Christiane Henriette Hartvigsdatter von Barner, gift 1) Kaas, 2) Rosenørn
(1809-1811) Otto Ditlev Kaas-Lehn
(1811-1820) Christiane Henriette Hartvigsdatter von Barner, gift 1) Kaas, 2) Rosenørn
(1820-1847) Henrik Christian Rosenørn-Lehn
(1847-1860) Christiane Henriette Hartvigsdatter von Barner, gift 1) Kaas, 2) Rosenørn
(1860-1892) Otto Ditlev Rosenørn-Lehn
(1892-1899) Christian Conrad Sophus Rosenørn-Lehn
(1899-1935) Frederik Marcus Rosenørn-Lehn
(1935-1970) Christian Carl Otto Rosenørn-Lehn
(1970- ) Fredrik Andreas Rosenørn-Lehn
References
External links
Denmark's Castles and Manor Houses (in Danish)
Lolland's Manor Houses (In Danish)
Danish Film Database (In Danish)
Manor houses in Guldborgsund Municipality
Listed buildings and structures in Guldborgsund Municipality
Buildings and structures associated with the Huitfeldt family
Umngqusho is a South African dish based on samp and sugar beans, usually served with hard body chicken which is called umleqwa in isiXhosa. This dish is a staple meal for most South African families, referred to as isitambu by the Zulu people and umngqusho by the Xhosa people.
How to pronounce umngqusho
Umngqusho is pronounced as “oom-nqoo-shoh”, for this word, you have to press your tongue on the roof of your mouth, just behind your teeth, to get the sound, the ‘q' does not sound like a ‘k' as it does in English.
Preparation
Soak the samp and sugar beans overnight in cold water. Drain and place in a heavy-based saucepan with 1 litre of water. Boil until soft and season with salt and pepper.
Ingredients
Some of South Africa's chefs usually add onion, garlic and spices to enhance the taste. The Xhosa version, served with butter or fat, was apparently Nelson Mandela's favourite dish.
See also
List of African dishes
List of legume dishes
References
South African cuisine
Legume dishes
Xhosa people
Nguni
Djurgårdens IF Amerikansk Fotboll is the section for American football within the sports club Djurgårdens IF in Stockholm. The American football club was founded in 2005.
In 2009 and 2010, Djurgården played in Superserien, the top-tier for American football in Sweden, but the club had to withdraw after that. The team was restarted for the 2013 season, in a lower division in the series system.
External links
Djurgårdens IF Amerikansk fotboll
American football
American football teams in Sweden
American football teams established in 2005
2005 establishments in Sweden
Francisco de Trillo y Figueroa (1618–1680) was a Spanish poet and historian.
1618 births
1680 deaths
A streetcorner or street corner is the location which lies adjacent to an intersection of two roads. Such locations are important in terms of local planning and commerce, usually being the locations of street signs and lamp posts, as well as being a prime spot to locate a business due to visibility and accessibility from traffic going along either of the adjacent streets. One source suggests that this is so for a facility combining two purposes, like an automotive showroom that provides repair services as well: "For all these types of buildings, property on a street corner is most desirable as separate entrances are most easily provided for."
Due to this visibility, street-corners are the choice location for activities ranging from panhandling to prostitution to protests to petition signature drives, hence the term "street-corner politics". This makes street-corners a good location to observe human activity, for purposes of learning what environmental structures best fit that activity. Sidewalks at street corners tend to be rounded, rather than coming to a point, for ease of traffic making turns at the intersection.
References
Urban planning
Streets and roads
In the field of artificial intelligence, an inference engine is a component of the system that applies logical rules to the knowledge base to deduce new information. The first inference engines were components of expert systems. The typical expert system consisted of a knowledge base and an inference engine. The knowledge base stored facts about the world. The inference engine applies logical rules to the knowledge base and deduced new knowledge. This process would iterate as each new fact in the knowledge base could trigger additional rules in the inference engine. Inference engines work primarily in one of two modes either special rule or facts: forward chaining and backward chaining. Forward chaining starts with the known facts and asserts new facts. Backward chaining starts with goals, and works backward to determine what facts must be asserted so that the goals can be achieved.
Architecture
The logic that an inference engine uses is typically represented as IF-THEN rules. The general format of such rules is IF <logical expression> THEN <logical expression>. Prior to the development of expert systems and inference engines, artificial intelligence researchers focused on more powerful theorem prover environments that offered much fuller implementations of first-order logic. For example, general statements that included universal quantification (for all X some statement is true) and existential quantification (there exists some X such that some statement is true). What researchers discovered is that the power of these theorem-proving environments was also their drawback. Back in 1965, it was far too easy to create logical expressions that could take an indeterminate or even infinite time to terminate. For example, it is common in universal quantification to make statements over an infinite set such as the set of all natural numbers. Such statements are perfectly reasonable and even required in mathematical proofs but when included in an automated theorem prover executing on a computer may cause the computer to fall into an infinite loop. Focusing on IF-THEN statements (what logicians call modus ponens) still gave developers a very powerful general mechanism to represent logic, but one that could be used efficiently with computational resources. What is more there is some psychological research that indicates humans also tend to favor IF-THEN representations when storing complex knowledge.
A simple example of modus ponens often used in introductory logic books is "If you are human then you are mortal". This can be represented in pseudocode as:
Rule1: Human(x) => Mortal(x)
A trivial example of how this rule would be used in an inference engine is as follows. In forward chaining, the inference engine would find any facts in the knowledge base that matched Human(x) and for each fact it found would add the new information Mortal(x) to the knowledge base. So if it found an object called Socrates that was human it would deduce that Socrates was mortal. In backward chaining, the system would be given a goal, e.g. answer the question is Socrates mortal? It would search through the knowledge base and determine if Socrates was human and, if so, would assert he is also mortal. However, in backward chaining a common technique was to integrate the inference engine with a user interface. In that way, rather than simply being automated the system could now be interactive. In this trivial example, if the system was given the goal to answer the question if Socrates was mortal and it didn't yet know if he was human, it would generate a window to ask the user the question "Is Socrates human?" and would then use that information accordingly.
This innovation of integrating the inference engine with a user interface led to the second early advancement of expert systems: explanation capabilities. The explicit representation of knowledge as rules rather than code made it possible to generate explanations to users: both explanations in real time and after the fact. So if the system asked the user "Is Socrates human?", the user may wonder why she was being asked that question and the system would use the chain of rules to explain why it was currently trying to ascertain that bit of knowledge: that is, it needs to determine if Socrates is mortal and to do that needs to determine if he is human. At first these explanations were not much different than the standard debugging information that developers deal with when debugging any system. However, an active area of research was utilizing natural language technology to ask, understand, and generate questions and explanations using natural languages rather than computer formalisms.
An inference engine cycles through three sequential steps: match rules, select rules, and execute rules. The execution of the rules will often result in new facts or goals being added to the knowledge base which will trigger the cycle to repeat. This cycle continues until no new rules can be matched.
In the first step, match rules, the inference engine finds all of the rules that are triggered by the current contents of the knowledge base. In forward chaining, the engine looks for rules where the antecedent (left hand side) matches some fact in the knowledge base. In backward chaining, the engine looks for antecedents that can satisfy one of the current goals.
In the second step select rules, the inference engine prioritizes the various rules that were matched to determine the order to execute them. In the final step, execute rules, the engine executes each matched rule in the order determined in step two and then iterates back to step one again. The cycle continues until no new rules are matched.
Implementations
Early inference engines focused primarily on forward chaining. These systems were usually implemented in the Lisp programming language. Lisp was a frequent platform for early AI research due to its strong capability to do symbolic manipulation. Also, as an interpreted language it offered productive development environments appropriate to debugging complex programs. A necessary consequence of these benefits was that Lisp programs tended to be slower and less robust than compiled languages of the time such as C. A common approach in these early days was to take an expert system application and repackage the inference engine used for that system as a re-usable tool other researchers could use for the development of other expert systems. For example, MYCIN was an early expert system for medical diagnosis and EMYCIN was an inference engine extrapolated from MYCIN and made available for other researchers.
As expert systems moved from research prototypes to deployed systems there was more focus on issues such as speed and robustness. One of the first and most popular forward chaining engines was OPS5 which used the Rete algorithm to optimize the efficiency of rule firing. Another very popular technology that was developed was the Prolog logic programming language. Prolog focused primarily on backward chaining and also featured various commercial versions and optimizations for efficiency and robustness.
As Expert Systems prompted significant interest from the business world various companies, many of them started or guided by prominent AI researchers created productized versions of inference engines. For example, Intellicorp was initially guided by Edward Feigenbaum. These inference engine products were also often developed in Lisp at first. However, demands for more affordable and commercially viable platforms eventually made Personal Computer platforms very popular.
Open source implementations
ClipsRules and RefPerSys (inspired by CAIA and the work of Jacques Pitrat). The Frama-C static source code analyzer also uses some inference engine techniques.
See also
Geometric and Topological Inference
Action selection mechanism
Backward chaining
Expert system
Forward chaining
Inductive inference
References
Expert systems
Inference
The 26th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1874 Nova Scotia general election, the 25th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 26th General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1878 Nova Scotia general election, the 26th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 27th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 4th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 1967 Nova Scotia general election, the 48th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 49th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 26th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The Andean flicker (Colaptes rupicola) is a South American species of woodpecker. It is found in grassland, shrubland and Polylepis woodland at altitudes of in the Puna ecoregion. Together with the campo flicker and ground woodpecker, it is one of the few largely terrestrial woodpeckers.
Description
A large woodpecker, it grows to a length of about . It has a long tail, rounded wings (noticeable in flight) and a long powerful beak. The head and throat are largely white or buff, marked by a black crown and nape and a dark malar stripe, tinged reddish in the male in some subspecies. Body upper parts are boldly barred in black or dark brown and buff. The upper wings are brown and slightly barred and the under wings are yellowish. The tail coverts are white with slight brown barring, the upper tail is blackish with fine barring at the sides and the under tail has buff edges. Underparts are cream or buff with some darker speckling, the breast sometimes being tinged with orange. The beak is black, the iris yellowish and the legs grey, pink or buff.
Distribution and habitat
The species is native to Peru, Chile, eastern Bolivia and northeastern Argentina. Its altitudinal range is between about . More common habitat types occupied are high mountain terrain with rocky outcrops, stones, scrub, grassland and alpine tundra, including páramo and puna grassland. It is sometimes found in the upper parts of the tree zone, plantations and woodland patches.
Ecology
The Andean flicker is unusual among woodpeckers in that it is found in open country, largely devoid of trees, and forages on the ground, the Latin adjective rupicolus signifying "inhabiting among rocks". It often feeds in family groups, keeping in touch with other birds by constant chatter and uttering a number of different vocalisations, including a scolding alarm call given in flight. It seldom, if ever, drums. The diet is mainly insects, which it finds by sweeping away debris on bare ground with its beak and probing into the soil and grass clumps. Nests occupy holes that it digs in soft soil in cliffs or on banks. Another unusual feature is that it often nests colonially rather than alone, as do most woodpeckers.
Status
C. rupicola is a fairly common species with a very wide range. No particular threats have been identified and the population is assumed to be stable. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
External links
Andean Flicker videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Andean Flicker photo gallery VIREO
Photo-High Res; Article borderland-tours
Aves de Chile: Andean Flicker – Description and photos
Andean flicker
Birds of the Andes
Birds of the Puna grassland
Andean flicker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ian Clement (born 1965 in Bexley), was Deputy Mayor of London with responsibility for Government and External Relations. A former councillor and Leader of the London Borough of Bexley from 2006 to 2008, Clement was a member of the Conservative Party before being suspended following incidents involving financial issues both in London and Bexley.
Biography
Clement was born on 19 February 1965. He has lived in Crayford all his life and was educated at Trinity School, Belvedere.
Before becoming involved in politics, Clement worked as a manager in both the public and private sector including Somerfield Stores.
Bexley Council
Clement was elected as a Councillor for the London Borough of Bexley in 1998. Clement then served as Vice-Chairman of the Environmental Services Committee, Chairman of the Traffic and Transport Sub-Committee, Chairman of the Environment, Transport and Regeneration Scrutiny Committee, Shadow Cabinet/Opposition Spokesman for the Environment, Transport and Regeneration portfolio. He was elected Leader of the Opposition Conservative Group in 2003, having previously been Deputy Leader of the Group.
Leader of the Council
In May 2006, the Conservatives, led by Clement, defeated the previous Labour administration in the London Borough of Bexley. The previously ruling Labour group of 32 was reduced to 9 councillors. The results produced a council of 54 Conservative and 9 Labour councillors – a loss for Labour of 23 seats. Turnout was increased in all but one of the Borough's wards and was 42.35% overall. The election result meant that the London Borough of Bexley had the largest Conservative majority in London.
One of Clement's first tasks in office was to implement the initiative known as "Bexley First", a strategic repositioning exercise which refocused Bexley's corporate objectives and installed a "value for money" culture, which enabled below-inflation Council Tax increases for the first time in the Borough's history. "Bexley First" is intended to make the Council more streamlined and accessible, making it easier for people to access local services, through investment in new technology and innovative new delivery methods. The programme is due to deliver improved local services yet provide greater access to those services. It is also claimed to revitalise Bexleyheath Town Centre, through the redevelopment of the Council's Civic Centre funded largely by the disposal of dispersed office premises scattered throughout the borough. The programme is expected to bring together the Council's staff in these centralised offices, improving efficiency and delivery of services and promoting more flexible and modern ways of working. A development partner is expected to provide retail space fronting Broadway at ground level whilst providing a council chamber and sufficient administrative space above.
Another priority was the revocation of a contentious part-time westbound bus lane in Welling High Street, introduced by the Labour administration in concert with TfL.
In opposition, the Conservatives in the London Borough of Bexley had been fiercely opposed to the proposed Thames Gateway Bridge development. This opposition continued once Clement was Leader and included him calling for a reopening of the public inquiry into the bridge, and discussion with the then Local Government Secretary, Ruth Kelly. He worked closely with Action Group Against the Bridge and the plans for the bridge were eventually scrapped by the new Mayor, Boris Johnson in November 2008.
As Leader of the Council, Clement also opposed the plans to site a Cory-promoted waste incinerator in the borough. This including teaming up with the then-mayor Ken Livingstone to apply for a judicial review of the application to site the incinerator. Clement was bitterly disappointed when the judicial review was refused and plans for the incinerator went ahead.
Work on London Councils' Executive
In October 2006, Clement was appointed to the Executive of London Councils as leading member of the Crime and Public Protection Portfolio. In this role, Clement led in overseeing strategy and policy initiatives to help the London Boroughs "build safer and stronger communities". He worked with Ministers and the Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police to ensure that the interests of London, and its boroughs, were fully recognised in the development of community safety policing and in the allocation of funding. The specific policy areas included anti-social behaviour, violent crime, domestic violence, community engagement and crime reduction, London Resilience and Emergency Planning.
Boris Johnson, Mayor of London
Campaign Team
The London Borough of Bexley, under Clement was the first Conservative led London Borough to declare support for Boris Johnson in his bid to be Mayor of London. Clement was a senior member of Johnson's campaign team from October 2007 until Johnson became Mayor of London on 1 May 2008.
Deputy Mayor
On 6 May 2008, Clement was appointed as Deputy Mayor for Government and External Relations, to advise and lead on the Mayor's relationships with the Government and London Boroughs. Clement's salary was £124,364, the highest of Johnson's Deputies.
In August 2008, Clement represented London at the opening ceremony of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. Although he was in a relationship at the time, and pre-briefed by MI6, Clement later admitted that he had been lured into a honey trap by the Chinese secret service. After inviting a woman to his hotel room, was drugged to enable details from his BlackBerry to be downloaded and secret papers to be copied.
Clement also spoke on the radio in New York in January 2009 about closer co-operation between cities and what one city can learn from another.
Clement worked on Johnson's Quality of Life agenda, where Clement was responsible for increasing access to public toilets through open-access initiatives with various retailers, including Sainsbury's, Tesco, Asda, John Lewis Partnership), Marks and Spencer and Borders bookshops. Clement has also worked to secure Freedom Pass funding, which allowed disabled residents and all over 60s in London to travel on Transport for London during the morning peak, eradicating a long lasting hours' restriction.
Expenses scandal
In June 2009, Johnson suspended Clement's use of his GLA credit card, in light of revelations of his use of his official card. It emerged that Clement used the card to buy business class travel on two long-haul British Airways flights to China for the Beijing Olympics, only weeks after the Mayor insisted he was going to fly economy. He also used the card to pay for lunches and dinners with fellow Conservatives and a £700 meal in New York City. Clement broke GLA rules by using his card for "private expenditure" totalling £2,300, including more than £200 on groceries at Tesco and a £535.49 audio system for his Jaguar car, which he then repaid.
Clement was summoned in front of the Greater London Authority audit committee to explain himself, and faced pressure to resign or for Johnson to sack him after full details of his spending are revealed. Johnson initially declined to sack Clement, saying: "There's a difference between what is crass and what is appropriate, what makes me angry and what is actually dishonest. He shouldn't have been buying things on a corporate credit card, that is absolutely wrong. He did repay them, that was the critical thing for me." However, on 22 June, Clements submitted his resignation, which Johnson accepted with the words:
"In the light of the further discrepancies in your expenses that have emerged this morning, it is clear to both of us that your position is untenable."
.
On 4 September 2009 it was announced that Clement had been charged with five offences relating to the use of the credit card
During February 2010 Clement made some strong statements regarding the mayor's lack of respect for the Conservative leader David Cameron, highlighting in particular a serious difference of opinion over the wisdom of investigating the revived Marinair Thames estuary airport proposals for an international airport in the Thames Estuary, east of the Isle of Sheppey, a proposal seen by the mayor as a possible alternative to additional runways at London's existing airports.
References
External links
Deputy Mayor page at Mayor of London
1965 births
Living people
People from Bexley
Councillors in the London Borough of Bexley
Conservative Party (UK) councillors
Leaders of local authorities of England
George John Karb (February 15, 1858 – May 15, 1937) was the 30th and 39th mayor of Columbus, Ohio and the 27th person to serve in that office. He was first elected in 1890 and served Columbus for two consecutive terms. After four years as mayor, he was elected as Sheriff of Franklin County. He later resought election in the 1911 mayoral campaign and defeated incumbent Republican mayor George S. Marshall. He served Columbus as mayor during World War I and the Spanish Influenza of 1918. After three consecutive terms in office Karb was defeated in the 1919 mayoral election by James J. Thomas. Karb died on May 15, 1937.
Works
Columbus in the Spotlight-- Marshallism Dealt a Fearful Blow (1913)
Columbus, Ohio, Industrial, Commercial, Financial, Residential, Institutional: The City with a Future (1919)
References
Further reading
External links
George John Karb at Political Graveyard
George John Karb at Green Lawn Abbey
George J. Karb as a past potentate of Aladdin Shriners of Columbus in 1905
Kate M. Van Dine Image of mayor Karb's wife at Library of Congress
1858 births
1937 deaths
Columbus City Council members
Mayors of Columbus, Ohio
Ohio Democrats
Ohio sheriffs
Burials at Green Lawn Abbey
El Palomar is a town in the urban agglomeration of Greater Buenos Aires in Argentina. It is located north-west of the Buenos Aires.
The city has the peculiarity of being divided between two partidos of Buenos Aires Province: Morón, where it is called El Palomar, and Tres de Febrero, where it is called Ciudad Jardín Lomas del Palomar. Of its 74,751 inhabitants (), 57,146 live within the Morón jurisdiction and 17,605 live in Tres de Febrero.
El Palomar was established with a station by that name belonging to the Buenos Aires and Pacific Railway () opened in 1910. Developer Publio Massini sold the first lots on November 8 of that year, and Juan Manuel Giuffra established the El Palomar Development Council, which obtained electric lighting for the area in its early years. The city is home to the National Military College (), the 1st Air Brigade () of the Argentine Air Force, and El Palomar Airport.
The Italian Society of Tiro al Segno (Target Shooting) (S.I.T.A.S.), is located in Palomar. Horse riding, tennis, soccer, yoga, shooting, hockey, bodybuilding, and other sports can be practiced here. In an annex is the training venue for rugby and hockey.
French automaker PSA Peugeot Citroën has a manufacturing plant in the area as well.
El Palomar is served by Ferrocarril General San Martín commuter rail service at El Palomar station with easy access to Retiro Station in downtown Buenos Aires, as well as by National Route 7.
Ciudad Jardín Lomas del Palomar
Inaugurated in 1944, Ciudad Jardín was conceived with the idea of creating a garden city that offered a balance of urban life with green spaces, a city within a city.
Climate
Education
The area once had a German school, Gartenstadt Schule *.
History
References
External links
ROTARY CLUB EL PALOMAR
www.guiapalomar.com Official website
Ciudad Jardín Lomas del Palomar
Morón Partido
Tres de Febrero Partido
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Populated places established in 1910
Cities in Argentina
Mike Mullin, of Congers, NY, is an American ten-pin bowler.
In 1992, Mullin shocked the All-Time Junior Bowlers Tour with 27 victories, which stood as the record for a few years. That same year, he won the Coca-Cola Junior National Tournament, held in Tucson, Arizona. He attended Don Bosco Prep, where he was Athlete of the Week twice, and won the Triple Crown in his senior year, winning the County, Sectional, and State Tournaments. He won over $18,000 in scholarship money during his junior bowling career, among which included the John Jowdy Scholarship from Columbia 300.
In September 1992, he began college at St. John's University, graduating in 1996. In 1994, he was named the Chuck Hall Star of Tomorrow by the American Bowling Congress (now called the USBC). In May 1995, he won the ACU-I Collegiate Singles Championship at the National Bowling Stadium in Reno, Nevada. In July 1995, he finished in the Top 15 money winners at the High Roller in Las Vegas. In July 1996, he finished in the Top 20 money winners at the High Roller. In October 1995, Mike was asked to join Patrick Allen and Mike Lichstein's Columbia team to compete in the World Team Challenge. They won their first event together, and then in August 1996, the team finished 2nd in the Grand Championships of the World Team Challenge. Also in August 1996, he was part of Junior Team USA and traveled to Hong Kong. There, he competed in the FIQ Youth Games, and won 2 Bronze Medals and a Gold in Team All Events. He was a 3-time Collegiate All American.
In January 1997, Mike was asked to join the Amateur Staff of Columbia 300. In March 1997, his Columbia 300 team won the World Team Challenge in Windsor Locks, Connecticut. In April 1997, he won the Singles and All Events at the Connecticut State Championships. In September 1997, Mike took his first singles competition overseas to the British Open in Nottingham, England. In January 1998, Mike joined the Amateur Staff of Vise Inserts. In February 1998, he traveled to Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates to compete in the UAE International Open, where he finished in 16th place.
In May 1998, the ABC Masters held the largest singles event in history, with a field of over 600 bowlers. Mike finished in 4th place, making the CBS TV finals, losing to Parker Bohn III, who rolled a 300, and Chris Sand (248). In June 1998, he traveled to Florida to compete in the Cream of the Crop Tournament in New Port Richey. He won the mixed doubles event with Becky Kregling. Mike averaged over 240 for the 11 games, shooting a 300 game and an 800 series in qualifying. Also in June, his Columbia team won another World Team Challenge Event this time in Staten Island, NY.
He now regularly competes in the Weber Cup.
References
American ten-pin bowling players
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games medalists in bowling
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Competitors at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Joaquin Duato (born April 1962) is a Spanish-American business executive. Duato is a dual citizen of Spain and the United States. He is the chief executive officer (CEO) of Johnson & Johnson, an American multinational conglomerate. He is the eighth person to serve as CEO of Johnson & Johnson since it became a publicly-traded company in 1944.
Early life and education
Duato grew up in Valencia, Spain. His career in healthcare was influenced by his family. His mother was a nurse, his grandfather was a pediatrician, and his grandmother a pharmacist. Duato is trilingual, speaking English, Spanish, and Italian. Duato received a Master of Business Administration from ESADE Business School in Barcelona, Spain, and a Master of International Management from the Thunderbird School of Global Management in Phoenix, Arizona.
Career
Duato began his career in Johnson & Johnson in 1989 when he joined Janssen Pharmaceutica in Spain. After moving to the USA in 2002, Duato was appointed Executive Vice President, Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals in 2011. His growth strategy led to the turnaround of Johnson & Johnson's struggling pharmaceutical business in the early 2000s. In 2018 when he was promoted to Vice-Chairman of Johnson & Johnson's executive committee, he led the pharmaceuticals and consumer product divisions and oversaw supply-chain and technology operations. He also served as interim Chief Information Officer. Duato was appointed CEO in August 2021 which became effective on January 3, 2022. He was also appointed to the company's board of directors.
Duato was the executive sponsor of the company's African Ancestry Leadership Council.
Board membership and honors
Joaquin Duato is a board member of the U.S. Spain Council and previously served on boards with UNICEF USA, Tsinghua University School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, and the Hess Corporation. Duato was past chair of Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA). Duato was Healthcare Businesswomen's Association Honorable Mentor honoree and EVP in 2017. In 2021, Duato was ranked #3 on the NJBIZ Manufacturing Power 50 list.
References
External links
Joaquin Duato biography
Living people
1962 births
American chief executives
Route 133 (also known as the Hightstown Bypass) is a short state freeway located entirely in East Windsor Township, Mercer County, New Jersey in the United States. The route runs as a four-lane bypass of Hightstown from County Route 571 (CR 571) at Windsor Center Drive to the New Jersey Turnpike / Interstate 95 (I-95) at exit 8. Originally, Route 133 did not have any direct connections to any other limited access roads until a new Turnpike interchange opened in January 2013.
The plans for the original bypass of Hightstown originated in 1929, when locals looked for a way to remove traffic from downtown. The New Jersey State Legislature followed up in 1938 by designating a new spur off of State Highway Route 31 (then part of U.S. Route 206 or US 206), State Highway Route 31A as a freeway from Princeton to the Jersey Shore. During the 1970s, the highway proposed as Route 92 gained momentum, running from Princeton (at Interstate 95's proposed Somerset Freeway) all the way to Route 33 at Hightstown. However, after several setbacks, Route 92 was moved northward in 1988 and the bypass was truncated to a short portion of highway bypassing Hightstown. Construction on the new $57 million USD Route 133 commenced on September 20, 1996 by Schiavone Construction Company and was completed and opened on November 30, 1999.
Route description
Route 133 begins at an at-grade intersection with CR 571 (Princeton–Hightstown Road) in East Windsor. The intersection includes a jughandle for eastbound traffic to use to access the highway. After the jughandle allowing westbound CR 571 traffic to access Windsor Center Drive which continues southwest from the freeway, Route 133 begins to progress its way northward as a four-lane freeway, crossing through surroundings of trees and open fields. Along a large bend, the highway turns eastward, paralleling to CR 571 to the south and CR 535 (Old Trenton Road) to the north. Passing to the southeast of a McGraw Hill Financial office building, Route 133 curves to the southeast through fields and crosses over the locally maintained One Mile Road heading eastbound and interchanges westbound. Heading eastbound, the on-ramp to Route 133 from One Mile Road merges in, and the highway continues, passing to the north of homes and commercial buildings through East Windsor.
A short distance later, Route 133 crosses over Rocky Brook. The highway's surroundings then change drastically, with residential homes surrounding the freeway in each direction (though blocked from view by trees and noise barriers). A short distance later, Route 133 crosses over U.S. Route 130 (US 130) with a cloverleaf interchange with some movements missing. After US 130, the highway continues eastward, crossing over CR 539 (North Main Street). The highway crosses the right-of-way of the historic Camden & Amboy railroad; there is no bridge over the trackbed that is abandoned only a short few feet to the north and a few miles south around the Hightstown area. Route 133 turns to the southeast once again, continuing to the south of a condominium complex. Leaving the condos behind, the highway turns southward through lands and runs parallel to the south of Cranbury Station Road. Route 133 continues southward, crossing over Wyckoff Mills Road, which serves as the southern terminus of Cranbury Station Road. As the road parallels Wyckoff Mills Road, the four-lane freeway continues eastward, crossing over the twelve lanes of the New Jersey Turnpike (I-95). (The Route 133 bridge over the Turnpike was built with provisions for the New Jersey Turnpike to be widened with additional sets of three lanes in each direction, which was completed in November 2014.) To the south of Wyckoff Mills Road, Route 133 continues as a four-lane freeway. Soon after, Route 133 turns southward, heading away from Wyckoff Mills Road and reaches a single-point urban interchange with Route 33. The main line of Route 133 becomes the jurisdiction of the New Jersey Turnpike Authority as it passes over Route 33 and heads underneath Milford Road before ending at the toll plaza for exit 8 of the Turnpike. The roadway past the toll plaza becomes part of the trumpet interchange for the Turnpike.
History
Route 92, the original proposal
The original conception for a bypass of Hightstown date back to 1929, when local members of community brought up the thought for a solution to relieve traffic on current-day CR 571 away from the downtown. However, nothing was ever produced, until 1938, when the New Jersey State Legislature brought forth the designation of State Highway Route 31A, a modern expressway crossing from the borough of Princeton eastward to Hightstown and further to the Atlantic Ocean along current-day Route 33. In 1950, governor Alfred E. Driscoll exercised the need for the statewide expressway, citing that "it is unwise to expect city streets to bear the brunt of through, truck and passenger traffic." However, State Highway Route 31A was decommissioned in the 1953 state highway renumbering to a short portion of highway in West Windsor as Route 64.
During the 1950s, the New Jersey State Highway Department released plans to construct the Princeton–Hightstown Bypass, a long, four-lane freeway connecting US 206 in the Montgomery Township community of Skillman to Route 33 in East Windsor Township. The freeway, designated as Route 92, was to connect US 206 with Route 27, US 1, and US 130, Route 33 and the New Jersey Turnpike. While the eastern terminus was to be at the New Jersey Turnpike, the western terminus of Route 92 was to be at an interchange with the Somerset Freeway (I-95) near Rocky Hill. Although plans for Route 92 remained, the Somerset Freeway proposal was decommissioned in 1982, leaving open funds for use on other projects. The New Jersey Department of Transportation (NJDOT) suggested serving funds to the Route 92 project along with five other transportation projects. The project was working on its final studies and proposals in 1986, which was the year new interstates could be proposed to the Federal Highway Administration, however, the portion west of US 1 was dropped from the plans a year later.
The down-scaled route
After Route 92 was shifted northward by NJDOT due to the belief that it would better serve residents further north, the proposal went into shadows. In 1994, six years after plans changed for the Route 92 Freeway, NJDOT revived the plans, attempting to build the freeway from Princeton to Hightstown. However, the next year, the plan had to be altered due to public opposition from the communities of Princeton and Plainsboro. This plan was to construct a bypass of Hightstown and East Windsor, now designated as Route 133. The bid for the construction of the new four-lane freeway was accepted from the Schiavone Construction Company in 1996 for a cost of $57 million (1996 USD). Design began that June and construction of the new freeway started on September 20. The project was constructed as New Jersey's first Modified-Design Build freeway, which helped save money and costs for construction, reducing 26 months off the average construction time for the style of freeway. On November 30, 1999, the roadway, which was completed, was opened to commuter traffic, over a year later than originally estimated (July 1998). Part of this delay was due to passage of Hurricane Floyd over the region during September 1999, whose heavy rains resulted in substantial erosion at the project site. At the time of the opening, the freeway carried a speed limit; this was increased to in August 2001.
Connection to New Jersey Turnpike
On December 31, 2006, the New Jersey Turnpike Authority released its proposals regarding interchange 8 of the New Jersey Turnpike and its possible replacement. The current interchange 8 would be demolished and replaced with a new interchange. The new exit 8 would end at the intersection with Route 33, Milford Road, and the Route 133 bypass (on the east side of the expressway, instead of the west). This new exit 8 would grant direct access to the bypass (without going through any traffic lights), as well as to Route 33, using grade-separated interchanges. The new toll gate would feature a total of 12 booths at the toll gate. The second option would be a grade-separated diamond interchange would be constructed, which would lead the ramps towards Route 33. At the intersection with Route 33 and the interchange ramps (from the turnpike and 133), a traffic signal would be built underneath the exit 8 ramps/Route 133. In lieu of a connector road, a jughandle would be built on Route 33 west. This would intersect at Route 33 (with a traffic light) and become the relocated Milford Road (after crossing Route 33).
The third option was an unusual cloverleaf interchange would be built in lieu of a diamond interchange. After exiting the turnpike from the toll gate, a ramp on the right would lead to Milford Road or Route 33. The main line of the Turnpike ramp would cross over 33 and turn into Route 133. A relocated Milford Road would be built across from Monmouth Street (CR 633) and Route 33 (without connecting Monmouth and Milford) towards the intersection with the current Milford Road and Daniel Street. The new Milford would cross over the turnpike ramps. A leaf would be built from the turnpike ramp approaching the exit 8 toll gate, which would connect to Milford Road. An entrance ramp would be constructed from Milford Road to the exit 8 toll gate. Traveling north on Milford Road, a ramp would be constructed, which would diverge into two ways; one way would merge into the turnpike ramp heading towards Route 133, and the other would intersect at a new traffic light at Route 33, east of the current Route 33/133/Milford Road intersection.
Ultimately, the Turnpike Authority chose the first option for the interchange. But the connector road was eliminated and an exit ramp from the new tollgate to Milford Road south was added to the proposal.
The new exit 8 interchange and toll plaza partially opened in January 2013 with a combination of some temporary and some permanent ramps connecting to the Turnpike, at which point the old interchange was closed, though the old interchange remains in use to access an maintenance depot. The new overpass crossing over Route 33 was opened in September 2013, followed by completion of the interchange by 2014.
Exit list
See also
County Route 522, a four-lane road from US 130 west to US 1 in the same general corridor as Route 92
References
External links
The Roads of Metro New York – NJ 133 Freeway
1976 Mercer County map
Hightstown Bypass Study
Eastbound and westbound video tours of Route 133
Speed Limits for State Roads: Route 133
Transportation in Mercer County, New Jersey
133
Limited-access roads in New Jersey
Freeways in the United States
East Windsor, New Jersey
Haggar Clothing is a Dallas, Texas-based menswear brand sold in the United States, Mexico, and Canada. In addition to its outlet stores, Haggar clothing is sold at retailers such as Macy's, Target, and Belk and its labels include Kenneth Cole men's apparel. Haggar supplies exclusive induction jackets for the Pro Football Hall of Fame, the Hockey Hall of Fame, the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, and the United States Bowling Congress Hall of Fame.
History
Joseph Marion Haggar, Sr. (1892-1987), an immigrant from Jezzine, Lebanon, moved to Dallas in 1921. He worked as a traveling overalls salesman for several years before establishing his own company in 1926 in a one-room office with four employees and two sewing machines. Within two years, he had 500 employees manufacturing 75,000 pairs of pants each year. His son Ed Haggar started working in the family business at 14 years old and later published a book, "'Big Ed Haggar' and the Family Behind an Apparel Giant" (2001), about his experience working in his father's shop with his siblings Joe Jr. and Rosemary By 1938, Ed Haggar was working as a full-time salesman and returned after serving in World War II as a captain. Haggar factories ran 24 hours a day to supply an adequate amount of clothing for the military; by the end of the war, more than ten million garments had been produced. By the end of the 1940s, Haggar was the largest producer and marketer of slacks in the world and Ed Haggar had moved from his role as vice president to president, where he stayed until 1971.
Since the 1940s, the company has inaccurately claimed to have coined the word slacks to reflect their use during "leisurely 'slack time'". Slacks referring to pants are recorded in the Oxford English Dictionary and Online Etymology Dictionary as dating back to 1824, originally to refer to military clothing. They may, however, have popularized the word in the United States. Haggar's pre-cuffed slacks were a major seller in the 1940s as they no longer required alterations from a tailor after purchase. Claims that Haggar created the first pre-cuffed pants are oftentimes alongside those attributing the etymology of slacks to the company, meaning that while it is reported, its accuracy is unclear.
During the 1950s, Haggar became the first menswear brand to advertise on national television when their ad aired during the Today Show. Mickey Mantle signed with the company in 1954 to appear in their advertisements, starting with the "first wrinkle-free pants," which were marketed as wash 'n' wear slacks. Haggar continued to improve this line and released another version in 1965. By 1968, they also introduced double knit slacks, an innovation that D Magazine reported "pushed the company to become the No. 1 pants brand in America." In August 1964, President Lyndon B. Johnson ordered six pairs of Haggar slacks over the phone from Joe Haggar, Jr., after receiving a pair as a gift from Joe Haggar, Sr.
During the 1970s, the brand grew to include sports coats and vests and were the first to introduce separates that allowed customers to purchase jackets and pants independent of each other. In 1971, the company also released the Haggar Hanger, a clothes hanger that allowed pants to be hung rather than folded on a table. A women's line of apparel was introduced in 1984. By 1987, the company employed 7,000 people at six plants in the United States, Mexico, and the Dominican Republic. During the 1980s, Haggar became the first apparel company to use EDI technology and to use UPC to ticket merchandise. In 1987, Haggar received a patent for the size strip sticker.
Haggar's 100% cotton wrinkle-free pants hit the shelves in 1992. David Perdue joined the company in 1998 and as senior vice preseident began outsourcing much of the work. That year, the company had a net income of $8 million and $402.5 million worth of sales and acquired the dress company Jerell. Perdue became CEO of the company in 2001. The last major introductions before the Haggar family sold the company were the addition of moisture-wicking fabrics and pants with self-adjusting waistbands in 2002. In 2005, Perseus, LLC and part of the Pou Chen Group purchased the company for $212 million. Prior to this acquisition, Haggar "had an annual revenue of just under $500 million." These sales dropped when its women's lines and private labels were sold off. In 2013, Haggar reported about 700 total employees, 170 of which worked at the headquarters in Dallas. They acquired Tribal Sportswear in 2013 and Kizan International, Inc. in 2018. By 2019, Haggar had 1,400 employees worldwide, including 400 in Dallas, and was named the "No. 1 selling dress pant[s] brand in the U.S." by The NPD Group. Haggar was acquired by Randa Accessories on May 31, 2019.
As of 2021, Haggar clothing is available in more than 10,000 stores and online.
In media
Athletics
Haggar has a long-standing relationship with American athletic organizations and have featured a number of athletes in its advertising throughout the years. The MLB was represented by Mickey Mantle, whose sponsorship lasted from 1954 to the 1960s, Eddie Mathews, and Robin Roberts. PGA athletes included Arnold Palmer, Dow Finsterwald, and Doug Ford. Bobby Layne from the NFL also appeared.
Haggar began supplying the Pro Football Hall of Fame's iconic gold jacket in 1978. According to the NFL, the gold color is "hand-dipped for Haggar" and the only changes in the nearly 45 years of production are the wool used and the addition of a small amount of red to make the color look better on camera. Hall inductees are given a jacket made with their exact measurements. As of 2021, 354 jackets have been awarded. They began making induction jackets for the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2012 and for the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2014. The first NHL jacket went to Dallas Stars center Mike Modano. Haggar also makes induction jackets for the United States Bowling Congress Hall of Fame.
During the 1975 World Championship Tennis (WCT) regular season, Rod Laver and Arthur Ashe criticized newcomer Jimmy Connors' breakout success. Connors offered to buy them "'a pair of Haggars' to soothe the[ir] wounds," a reference to the WCT top regular season prize from Haggar. According to Haggar, he was the first WCT player to mention the company. "I'm sending Connors a dozen pair," an official joked. "What's his waist size?"
Television and film
John Travolta (1971), Super Dave Osborne (1990s), Steve Martin (1973), Howard Hesseman (1973), and Gene Barry all appeared in advertisements for Haggar Clothing. In 1998 episode of The Simpsons, Krusty the Clown mentions stealing a pair of Haggar slacks.
References
Clothing manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Dallas
Clothing companies established in 1926
Privately held companies based in Texas
1926 establishments in Texas
In mathematics, an incidence structure is an abstract system consisting of two types of objects and a single relationship between these types of objects. Consider the points and lines of the Euclidean plane as the two types of objects and ignore all the properties of this geometry except for the relation of which points are on which lines for all points and lines. What is left is the incidence structure of the Euclidean plane.
Incidence structures are most often considered in the geometrical context where they are abstracted from, and hence generalize, planes (such as affine, projective, and Möbius planes), but the concept is very broad and not limited to geometric settings. Even in a geometric setting, incidence structures are not limited to just points and lines; higher-dimensional objects (planes, solids, -spaces, conics, etc.) can be used. The study of finite structures is sometimes called finite geometry.
Formal definition and terminology
An incidence structure is a triple () where is a set whose elements are called points, is a distinct set whose elements are called lines and is the incidence relation. The elements of are called flags. If () is in then one may say that point "lies on" line or that the line "passes through" point . A more "symmetric" terminology, to reflect the symmetric nature of this relation, is that " is incident with " or that " is incident with " and uses the notation synonymously with .
In some common situations may be a set of subsets of in which case incidence will be containment ( if and only if is a member of ). Incidence structures of this type are called set-theoretic. This is not always the case, for example, if is a set of vectors and a set of square matrices, we may define vector is an eigenvector of matrix }. This example also shows that while the geometric language of points and lines is used, the object types need not be these geometric objects.
Examples
An incidence structure is uniform if each line is incident with the same number of points. Each of these examples, except the second, is uniform with three points per line.
Graphs
Any graph (which need not be simple; loops and multiple edges are allowed) is a uniform incidence structure with two points per line. For these examples, the vertices of the graph form the point set, the edges of the graph form the line set, and incidence means that a vertex is an endpoint of an edge.
Linear spaces
Incidence structures are seldom studied in their full generality; it is typical to study incidence structures that satisfy some additional axioms. For instance, a partial linear space is an incidence structure that satisfies:
Any two distinct points are incident with at most one common line, and
Every line is incident with at least two points.
If the first axiom above is replaced by the stronger:
Any two distinct points are incident with exactly one common line,
the incidence structure is called a linear space.
Nets
A more specialized example is a k-net. This is an incidence structure in which the lines fall into k parallel classes, so that two lines in the same parallel class have no common points, but two lines in different classes have exactly one common point, and each point belongs to exactly one line from each parallel class. An example of a k-net is the set of points of an affine plane together with k parallel classes of affine lines.
Dual structure
If we interchange the role of "points" and "lines" in
we obtain the dual structure,
where is the converse relation of . It follows immediately from the definition that:
This is an abstract version of projective duality.
A structure that is isomorphic to its dual is called self-dual. The Fano plane above is a self-dual incidence structure.
Other terminology
The concept of an incidence structure is very simple and has arisen in several disciplines, each introducing its own vocabulary and specifying the types of questions that are typically asked about these structures. Incidence structures use a geometric terminology, but in graph theoretic terms they are called hypergraphs and in design theoretic terms they are called block designs. They are also known as a set system or family of sets in a general context.
Hypergraphs
Each hypergraph or set system can be regarded as an incidence
structure in which the universal set plays the role of "points", the corresponding family of sets plays the role of "lines" and the incidence relation is set membership "∈". Conversely, every incidence structure can be viewed as a hypergraph by identifying the lines with the sets of points that are incident with them.
Block designs
A (general) block design is a set together with a family of subsets of (repeated subsets are allowed). Normally a block design is required to satisfy numerical regularity conditions. As an incidence structure, is the set of points and is the set of lines, usually called blocks in this context (repeated blocks must have distinct names, so is actually a set and not a multiset). If all the subsets in have the same size, the block design is called uniform. If each element of appears in the same number of subsets, the block design is said to be regular. The dual of a uniform design is a regular design and vice versa.
Example: Fano plane
Consider the block design/hypergraph given by:
This incidence structure is called the Fano plane. As a block design it is both uniform and regular.
In the labeling given, the lines are precisely the subsets of the points that consist of three points whose labels add up to zero using nim addition. Alternatively, each number, when written in binary, can be identified with a non-zero vector of length three over the binary field. Three vectors that generate a subspace form a line; in this case, that is equivalent to their vector sum being the zero vector.
Representations
Incidence structures may be represented in many ways. If the sets and are finite these representations can compactly encode all the relevant information concerning the structure.
Incidence matrix
The incidence matrix of a (finite) incidence structure is a (0,1) matrix that has its rows indexed by the points } and columns indexed by the lines } where the ij-th entry is a 1 if and 0 otherwise. An incidence matrix is not uniquely determined since it depends upon the arbitrary ordering of the points and the lines.
The non-uniform incidence structure pictured above (example number 2) is given by:
An incidence matrix for this structure is:
which corresponds to the incidence table:
If an incidence structure has an incidence matrix , then the dual structure has the transpose matrix T as its incidence matrix (and is defined by that matrix).
An incidence structure is self-dual if there exists an ordering of the points and lines so that the incidence matrix constructed with that ordering is a symmetric matrix.
With the labels as given in example number 1 above and with points ordered and lines ordered , the Fano plane has the incidence matrix:
Since this is a symmetric matrix, the Fano plane is a self-dual incidence structure.
Pictorial representations
An incidence figure (that is, a depiction of an incidence structure), is constructed by representing the points by dots in a plane and having some visual means of joining the dots to correspond to lines. The dots may be placed in any manner, there are no restrictions on distances between points or any relationships between points. In an incidence structure there is no concept of a point being between two other points; the order of points on a line is undefined. Compare this with ordered geometry, which does have a notion of betweenness. The same statements can be made about the depictions of the lines. In particular, lines need not be depicted by "straight line segments" (see examples 1, 3 and 4 above). As with the pictorial representation of graphs, the crossing of two "lines" at any place other than a dot has no meaning in terms of the incidence structure; it is only an accident of the representation. These incidence figures may at times resemble graphs, but they aren't graphs unless the incidence structure is a graph.
Realizability
Incidence structures can be modelled by points and curves in the Euclidean plane with the usual geometric meaning of incidence. Some incidence structures admit representation by points and (straight) lines. Structures that can be been called realizable. If no ambient space is mentioned then the Euclidean plane is assumed. The Fano plane (example 1 above) is not realizable since it needs at least one curve. The Möbius–Kantor configuration (example 4 above) is not realizable in the Euclidean plane, but it is realizable in the complex plane. On the other hand, examples 2 and 5 above are realizable and the incidence figures given there demonstrate this. Steinitz (1894) has shown that (incidence structures with points and lines, three points per line and three lines through each point) are either realizable or require the use of only one curved line in their representations. The Fano plane is the unique () and the Möbius–Kantor configuration is the unique ().
Incidence graph (Levi graph)
Each incidence structure C corresponds to a bipartite graph called the Levi graph or incidence graph of the structure. As any bipartite graph is two-colorable, the Levi graph can be given a black and white vertex coloring, where black vertices correspond to points and white vertices correspond to lines of C. The edges of this graph correspond to the flags (incident point/line pairs) of the incidence structure. The original Levi graph was the incidence graph of the generalized quadrangle of order two (example 3 above), but the term has been extended by H.S.M. Coxeter to refer to an incidence graph of any incidence structure.
Levi graph examples
The Levi graph of the Fano plane is the Heawood graph. Since the Heawood graph is connected and vertex-transitive, there exists an automorphism (such as the one defined by a reflection about the vertical axis in the figure of the Heawood graph) interchanging black and white vertices. This, in turn, implies that the Fano plane is self-dual.
The specific representation, on the left, of the Levi graph of the Möbius–Kantor configuration (example 4 above) illustrates that a rotation of about the center (either clockwise or counterclockwise) of the diagram interchanges the blue and red vertices and maps edges to edges. That is to say that there exists a color interchanging automorphism of this graph. Consequently, the incidence structure known as the Möbius–Kantor configuration is self-dual.
Generalization
It is possible to generalize the notion of an incidence structure to include more than two types of objects. A structure with types of objects is called an incidence structure of rank or a rank geometry. Formally these are defined as tuples with and
The Levi graph for these structures is defined as a multipartite graph with vertices corresponding to each type being colored the same.
See also
Incidence (geometry)
Incidence geometry
Projective configuration
Abstract polytope
Notes
References
G. Eric Moorhouse (2014) Incidence Geometry via John Baez at University of California, Riverside
Further reading
CRC Press (2000). Handbook of discrete and combinatorial mathematics, (Chapter 12.2),
Harold L. Dorwart (1966) The Geometry of Incidence, Prentice Hall
Families of sets
Combinatorics
Finite geometry
Incidence geometry
KZ2 is a kart racing class using 125 cc water-cooled two-stroke engines yielding about . The engines are equipped with a 6-speed gearbox. Z2 is the second fastest of the KZ karting racing categories, and technical regulations are similar to faster KZ1 except that in KZ2 the gearbox must be "hand-operated and exclusively mechanical without a servo system", as well as the use of medium tires. Both the engine and chassis must be approved by the CIK-FIA racing governing commission. The class is open to drivers aged 15 years and up with the minimum weight being 175 kg, this includes the kart and driver.
The KZ2 class used to be called Intercontinental C (ICC) and was renamed by the CIK-FIA in January 2007.
The KZ2 class is run in both national and continental championships and is popular in Europe and the USA. In the UK, since the beginning of 2019, The Motorsport UK run championship is the only British Championship and runs to CIK regulations with Le Cont tyres. The NKF Super 4 series continues as KZ UK with a minimum weight of 180 kg but has no championship status.
CIK-FIA Karting International Supercup
CIK-FIA European Championships
See also
KF1, the top level of karting
KF2, a KF1 feeder series
KF3, a KF2 and KF1 feeder series
KZ1, the fastest KZ karting racing category
Superkart, road racing with kart sized open-wheel cars
References
External links
CIK-FIA website
Kart racing series
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in New River Gorge National Park and Preserve.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New River Gorge National Park and Preserve, West Virginia, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a Google map.
There are nine properties and districts listed on the National Register in the park, and one location outside the boundaries of the park, used as an administrative and interpretive site..
Current listings
|}
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fayette County, West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in Raleigh County, West Virginia
References
New River Gorge
Rachid Azzouzi () (born 10 January 1971) is a Moroccan former football midfielder and current sporting director. Raised in Germany, he represented Morocco at international level.
Early life
Azzouzi was born in Taounate, Morocco, and moved as a child with his family to Germany. He was raised in Rhineland.
Club career
Azzouzi began playing as a youth for Hertha and Alemannia Mariadorf. In 1988, he moved to 1.FC Köln, where he would play for one year. He later played for several clubs, including MSV Duisburg from 1989 to 1995, Fortuna Köln for two years and then for SpVgg Greuther Fürth, but before which he played for half a year for Chongqing Lifan in China. In total, he played 260 second division games, in which he scored 30 goals. In his 64 Bundesliga games for MSV Duisburg he scored three times. In the 2004–05 Season he was coach of the Fürther U-17-Jugendmannschaft and was relegated with the team from the B-Jugend-Regionalliga.
International career
He played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1992 Summer Olympics, 1994 FIFA World Cup and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Sporting director career
After the end of his playing career, Azzouzi served as assistant to the manager from 2005 to 2007, then Team-Manager in 2007-08, and then sporting director for SpVgg Greuther Fürth. On 25 May 2012, it was announced that Azzouzi will become the new sporting director of Germany second division club FC St. Pauli. On 16 December 2014, he left his position in St. Pauli.
On 10 June 2015 he was signed a two-years contract as a sporting director of Fortuna Düsseldorf. However, this cooperation ended after just under a year, on 25 May 2016.
On 22 November 2017, Azzouzi returned to SpVgg Greuther Fürth as sporting director.
References
External links
Living people
1971 births
People from Fez, Morocco
Association football midfielders
Moroccan footballers
Morocco international footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
MSV Duisburg players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
SC Fortuna Köln players
Chongqing Liangjiang Athletic F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in China
1994 FIFA World Cup players
1998 FIFA World Cup players
Olympic footballers of Morocco
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
1992 African Cup of Nations players
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in China
FC St. Pauli managers
Moroccan football managers
Scott Cohen (born 1965) is the co-founder of digital distribution company The Orchard, which was founded on the Lower East Side of Manhattan in 1997 and is now owned by Sony Music. The Orchard was the first digital distributor of music.
In February 2019, Cohen retired from The Orchard and joined the senior management team at Warner Music Group. His role is the Chief Innovation Officer.
He sat on the British Phonographic Industry Council, and was the chairman of the board of music agency Sound Diplomacy.
Cohen's music career started in the late 1980s in independent and major label artist management. In 1997, he and Richard Gottehrer (the co-founder of Sire Records) founded The Orchard.
In 2016 Cohen was one of the founders of Cyborg Nest a company that aimed to create extra senses in order to enhance human perception.
In January 2019, at Eurosonic Noorderslag, Cohen discussed the future of the music industry during a keynote presentation. He explored Blockchain, and the rise in virtual reality and artificial intelligence in music.
References
http://www.dailyrindblog.com/?p=910
http://www.music4point5.com/blog/tag/scott-cohen/
http://musically.com/blog/2008/11/19/video-qa-with-the-orchard-founder-scott-cohen/
http://business.transworld.net/76242/features/76242/
http://digitalderry.org/big-thinking/scott-cohen-from-the-orchard-talks-about-making-music-pay/
http://www.billboard.biz/bbbiz/industry/digital-and-mobile/orchard-ioda-merging-sony-music-to-invest-1006370152.story
http://www.completemusicupdate.com/article/new-music-export-consultancy-sound-diplomacy-launches/
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/jan/06/first-humans-sense-where-north-is-cyborg-gadget
External links
http://www.theorchard.com/
http://www.londonmet.ac.uk/
http://www.bpi.co.uk/
Living people
1965 births
Golden Phoenix Awards (), China's equivalent to the Screen Actors Guild Awards, is a bi-annual accolade given by the China Film Performance Art Academy to recognize outstanding performances in film. In 1987, the first annual awards ceremony held in Guangzhou.
Because the Society Award is the only regular category that judges the actors' performances, there are multiple winners in the category. Honorary Awards are given to actors aged 60–70, while the Lifetime Achievement Award is given to actors who are over 80 years old. Since 2005, actors from Taiwan and Hong Kong have also eligible for awards.
The statuette is in a shape of phoenix, designed by artist Han Meilin.
Categories
Academy Award (表演学会奖/Society Award)
Special Jury Award (评委会特别奖)
New Actors Award (新人奖)
Honorary Award (特别荣誉奖)
Lifetime Achievement Award (终身成就奖)
References
External links
IMDB-Golden Phoenix Awards
Sina.com.cn (2005)
Chinese film awards
Awards established in 1987
1987 establishments in China
Biennial events
Recurring events established in 1987
Viddalen Valley () is a broad ice-filled valley which drains eastward between the south end of Ahlmann Ridge and the Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Viddalen, meaning "the wide valley."
See also
Nashornkalvane Rocks
Valleys of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Brooklands Hockey Club also known as Brooklands MU (men) and Brooklands Poynton (women) is a field hockey club that is based at the Brooklands Sports Club at Georges Road in Sale, Cheshire.
The club runs seven men's teams (six senior and one veterans) and four women's teams, four junior teams and three mini teams. The men's first XI play in the Men's England Hockey League and the women's first XI play in the Women's England Hockey League.
Originally a cricket club on land owned by the Brooks family the hockey element arrived in 1889. Brooklands Hockey Club merged with the Manchester University hockey team in 2002 and the ladies section of the club merged with the Poynton Ladies Club in 2009.
Major honours
2013–14 Men's Cup Runner-Up
References
English field hockey clubs
Sport in Trafford
Aleksandar Avrić (; born 6 March 1988) is a Serbian football midfielder.
References
External links
Aleksandar Avrić stats at utakmica.rs
Aleksandar Avrić stats at footballdatabase.eu
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Osijek
Association football midfielders
Serbian footballers
RFK Novi Sad 1921 players
FK Spartak Subotica players
FK Hajduk Kula players
FK Radnički Sombor players
FK Inđija players
FK Mladost Velika Obarska players
OFK Bačka players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Serbs of Croatia
Troy Hill (born August 29, 1991) is an American football cornerback for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Oregon.
High school career
Hill attended St. Bonaventure High School in Ventura, California. He played defensive back and wide receiver for a team that posted an 11–2 record his senior season, however, all of those wins were forfeited when it was learned that Hill was ineligible. Hill received high school honors, earning the 2009 All-Channel League First-Team Defense, 2008 Second-Team All-State Junior by CalHiSports.com, 2007 All-Channel League Second-Team Defense, and All-CIF-Southern Section Northern Division. Hill earned a three-star rating from Scout.com, also a three-star recruit according to Rivals.com, and the No. 32 corner in the country.
College career
As a junior, Hill was the Ducks' fifth-leading tackler among their defensive backs. Hill finished the year with 29 tackles with 21 tackles being solo and four deflected passes. As a senior in Oregon, Hill finished seventh on the team in tackles with 71. Hill was awarded with a second-team Pac-12 all-conference choice and 14-game starter ranked second in the league (1.46 avg.) in passes defended and 11th nationally.
Hill was arrested on December 16, 2013 and suspended from the team after he pleaded guilty to menacing; he was later reinstated to the team.
Professional career
Cincinnati Bengals
On May 3, 2015, the Cincinnati Bengals signed Hill to a three-year, $1.58 million contract that includes a signing bonus of $5,500.
Throughout training camp, Hill competed for a roster spot as a backup cornerback against Chris Lewis-Harris, Onterio McCalebb, and Brandon Ghee. On September 5, 2015, the Cincinnati Bengals waived Hill, but signed him to their practice squad the next day after clearing waivers. On December 5, 2015, Hill was promoted from the practice squad to the Bengals' active roster. Upon joining the active roster, head coach Marvin Lewis named Hill the fourth cornerback on the Bengals' depth chart, behind Dre Kirkpatrick, Leon Hall, and Josh Shaw. On December 6, 2015, Hill made his professional regular season debut and recorded three solo tackles during a 37–3 win at the Cleveland Browns in Week 13. In Week 15, he collected a season-high three solo tackles in the Bengals' 24–14 victory at the San Francisco 49ers. On December 24, 2015, the Cincinnati Bengals waived Hill and replaced him with Chris Lewis-Harris.
New England Patriots
On December 25, 2015, the New England Patriots claimed Hill off waivers. On December 30, 2015, the New England Patriots officially waived Hill.
St. Louis / Los Angeles Rams
On December 31, 2015, the St. Louis Rams claimed Hill off waivers from the New England Patriots. Hill, who was inactive for the Rams' season-ending 19–16 loss at San Francisco 49ers, finished his rookie season in 2015 with six combined tackles (five solo) in three games and zero starts.
Following the Rams' relocation to Los Angeles, Hill competed for a roster spot in training camp against Jabriel Washington and Mike Jordan. Head coach Jeff Fisher named Hill the fifth cornerback on the Rams' depth chart to begin the regular season, behind Trumaine Johnson, E. J. Gaines, Coty Sensabaugh, and Lamarcus Joyner.
On September 25, 2016, Hill earned his first career start and collected a season-high 11 solo tackles during a 37–32 win at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Week 3. Hill earned his first career start after passing Coty Sensabaugh on the depth chart. Sensabaugh had a disappointing performance after replacing E.J Gaines who missed the first three games due to a thigh injury. Hill was inactive for the Rams' Week 11 loss to the Miami Dolphins as a result of his arrest. On November 22, 2016, the Los Angeles Rams released Hill and signed him to their practice squad after he was arrested for suspicion of driving under the influence (See Personal life). On December 12, 2016, the Los Angeles Rams fired head coach Jeff Fisher after they fell to a 4–9 record. Special teams coordinator John Fassel was named the interim head coach for the remaining three games of the regular season. On December 13, 2016, the Los Angeles Rams promoted Hill to their active roster. He finished the 2016 NFL season with 40 combined tackles (32 solo) and two pass deflections in 12 games and four starts.
On January 13, 2017, the Los Angeles Rams announced their decision to hire Washington Redskins' offensive coordinator Sean McVay as their new head coach. On May 1, 2017, the NFL announced their decision to suspend Hill for the first two games of the 2017 NFL season after violating the NFL's Substance Abuse Policy. Throughout training camp, Hill competed for a roster spot as a backup cornerback against Nickell Robey-Coleman and Mike Jordan. Upon returning from his three-game suspension, head coach Sean McVay named Hill the fifth cornerback on the Rams' depth chart, behind Trumaine Johnson, Kayvon Webster, Nickell Robey-Coleman, and Dominique Hatfield.
Hill was inactive for a Week 6 victory at the Jacksonville Jaguars due to a shoulder injury. He was also sidelined for the Rams' Week 11 loss at the Minnesota Vikings after suffering a hamstring injury.
Hill started the final three games of the regular season as well as the wild card loss to the Atlanta Falcons in place of the injured Kayvon Webster, who suffered a season-ending Achilles injury in Week 14.
On March 12, 2019, the Rams tendered Hill as a restricted free agent. He was re-signed to a two-year deal on May 30, 2019.
After wearing #32 since becoming a Ram, Hill voluntarily gave up his jersey number during the 2019 offseason after being paid $32,000 by free agent signee Eric Weddle and switched to #20. During the 2019 season, Hill changed his number from #20 to #22 to accommodate the acquisition of Jalen Ramsey, for which Ramsey reportedly paid $20,000. In Week 11 against the Chicago Bears on Sunday Night Football, Hill recorded six tackles, sacked Mitch Trubisky once, and intercepted a pass thrown by Trubisky in the 17–7 win.
In Week 2 of the 2020 season against the Philadelphia Eagles, Hill recorded his second interception of the season off a pass thrown by Carson Wentz late in the fourth quarter to secure a 37–19 Rams' win. In Week 12, against the San Francisco 49ers, Hill recovered a fumble forced by teammate Aaron Donald on Raheem Mostert and returned it for a 20 yard touchdown during the 23–20 loss.
In Week 13 against the Arizona Cardinals, Hill intercepted a pass thrown by Kyler Murray and returned it for a 35-yard touchdown during the 38–28 win.
In Week 17 against the Arizona Cardinals, Hill intercepted a pass thrown by Chris Streveler and returned it for an 84 yard touchdown during the 18–7 win.
Cleveland Browns
On March 22, 2021, Hill signed a four-year, $24 million with the Cleveland Browns.
Los Angeles Rams (second stint)
On April 30, 2022, the Browns traded Hill to the Rams for a fifth-round pick in the 2023 NFL Draft. He was placed on injured reserve on September 20, 2022 after suffering a groin injury in Week 2.
NFL career statistics
Regular season statistics
Personal life
While at the University of Oregon, Hill majored in social science. On November 19, 2016, Hill was arrested by California Highway Patrol for suspicion of drunk driving. Hill was driving on U.S. Route 101 in his white Mercedes-Benz just before 8AM and swerved into a Semi-trailer truck. California Highway Patrol responded to the scene of the accident and arrested Hill after noticing signs of intoxication and performing a field sobriety test. Hill was taken to the Los Angeles Police Department's Van Nuys station and was booked and processed before posting a $15,000 bail.
References
External links
Los Angeles Rams bio
New England Patriots bio
Oregon Ducks bio
NFL profile
1991 births
Living people
African-American players of American football
American football cornerbacks
Cincinnati Bengals players
Cleveland Browns players
Los Angeles Rams players
New England Patriots players
Oregon Ducks football players
Players of American football from Youngstown, Ohio
St. Louis Rams players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
Ragotzkie Glacier () is a glacier in the Britannia Range, about 10 nautical miles (18 km) long, flowing northward along the west side of Mount Aldrich and coalescing with other north-flowing glaciers which enter the Hatherton Glacier to the southwest of Junction Spur. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Robert A. Ragotzkie, project director for United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) studies of lakes in the ice-free valleys. He made personal studies in Victoria Land in the 1962–63 season.
Ragotzkie Icefall () is an icefall 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km) wide in the E-central part of Ragotzkie Glacier, Britannia Range. The icefall is a significant distributary of Ragotzkie ice to Alley Glacier, which occupies the valley to the east. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in association with Ragotzkie Glacier.
Glaciers of Oates Land
The following article presents a summary of the 1958 football (soccer) season in Brazil, which was the 57th season of competitive football in the country.
Torneio Rio-São Paulo
Final Standings
Vasco da Gama declared as the Torneio Rio-São Paulo champions.
State championship champions
Brazil national team
The following table lists all the games played by the Brazil national football team in official competitions and friendly matches during 1958.
References
Brazilian competitions at RSSSF
1958 Brazil national team matches at RSSSF
Seasons in Brazilian football
Brazil
New Power Soul is a title used several times by the American musician Prince. It may refer to:
Newpower Soul, a 1998 de facto Prince album credited to the New Power Generation
New Power Soul Tour, a 1998 concert tour supporting the above album
"New Power Soul," a song on the 1995 New Power Generation album Exodus
See also
The New Power Generation, Prince's backing group from 1990 to 2009.
Chañaral is a small coastal city and commune in the Atacama Region, Chile and capital of the Chañaral Province. It is largely unknown by tourists, who generally head straight for towns such as San Pedro de Atacama. The town has no high rise buildings. On the arid hills nearby is a lighthouse which casts a beam over the town during the night. Throughout the day and night, there is a lively atmosphere on the narrow streets. Despite it being coastal, it is not a typical seaside resort, partly because the ocean is contaminated by the copper mining industry. Situated a short distance to the north is the Pan de Azúcar National Park.
History
In 1824, Diego de Almeyda discovered large natural deposits of copper in the area, and was the first in the mining industry in Chile to export it. For this reason, the town was founded in October 26,1833 as Chañaral de las Ánimas ("Chañar field of the Souls"). A few years later, Pedro Lujan discovered ore at El Salado, where a mine was built. In 1836, a shipping port promising raw material was constructed. The great boom Chañaral began in 1860 when A. Edwards & Company was settled where an inn exists today.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census by the National Statistics Institute (INE) the commune of Chañaral spans an area of and had 13,543 inhabitants (6,968 men and 6,575 women). Of these, 13,180 (97.3%) lived in urban areas and 363 (2.7%) in rural areas. The population fell by 2.8% (393 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
The demonym for a person from Chañaral is Chañaralino for a man and Chañaralina for a woman.
Administration
As a commune, Chañaral is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde was Hector Volta Rojas (PRSD), and the council has the following members:
Carmen Rojas Cornejo (RN)
Isabel Ogalde Álvarez (PS)
Margarita Flores Salazar (PRSD)
Mary Álamos Gutiérrez (PDC)
Mery Schampke Galleguillos (PPD)
Omar Monroy López (PRI)
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Chañaral is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Lautaro Carmona (PC) and Carlos Vilches (UDI) as part of the 5th electoral district, (together with Diego de Almagro and Copiapó). The commune is represented in the Senate by Isabel Allende Bussi (PS) and Baldo Prokurica Prokurica (RN) as part of the 3rd senatorial constituency (Atacama).
References
External links
Municipality of Chañaral
Communes of Chile
Port settlements in Chile
Populated places established in 1833
Populated places in Chañaral Province
Capitals of Chilean provinces
1833 establishments in Chile
Coasts of Atacama Region
The Islamization of Egypt occurred as a result of the Muslim conquest of Egypt by the Arabs led by the prominent Muslim general Amr ibn al-Aas, the military governor of the Holy Land. The masses of locals in Egypt and the rest of the Middle East underwent a large scale gradual conversion from Christianity to Islam, accompanied by jizya for those who refused to convert. This is attested to by John of Nikiû, a coptic bishop who wrote about the conquest, and who was a near contemporary of the events he described. The process of Islamization was accompanied by a simultaneous wave of Arabization. These factors resulted in Islam becoming the dominant faith in Egypt between 10th and 12th century, Egyptians acculturating into an Islamic identity and then replacing Coptic and Greek languages, which were spoken as a result of the Greek and Roman occupation of Egypt, with Arabic as their sole vernacular which became the language of the nation by law.
Islamic links to Coptic Egypt predates its conquest by the Arabs. According to Muslim tradition, Mohammed married a Copt; Maria al-Qibtiyya. In 641 AD, Egypt was invaded by the Arabs who faced off with the Byzantine army. Local resistance by the Egyptians began to materialize shortly thereafter and would last until at least the ninth century.
The Arabs imposed a special tax, known as jizya, for those who didn't want to accept Islam, the Christians who acquired the protected status of dhimmis, the taxation was justified on protection grounds since local Christians who kept their religion were never drafted to serve in an army. Arab rulers generally preferred not to share the rule with Coptic Christians in their towns and established new colonies, like Fustat. Heavy taxation at times of state hardships was a reason behind Coptic Christians organizing resistance against the new rulers. This resistance mounted to armed rebellions against the Arabs in a number of instances, such as during the Bashmurian revolt in the Delta.
The Arabs in the 7th century seldom used the term Agiptous, and used instead an Arabic language version of the term Al Qibt, which was then adopted into English as Copt, to describe the locals in Egypt. They continued to use the term to refer to all Muslim and Christian Egyptians up until the Mamluk rule that legally banned the term on Muslims and associated the native language to paganism. Thus, only Christian Egyptians became known as Copts or Orthodox Copts, and also the non-Chalcedonian Egyptian Church became known as the Coptic Church. The Chalcedonian Church remained known as the Melkite Church. In Coptic, which is written using a Greek alphabet, Coptic Egyptians referred to themselves as ⲛⲓⲣⲉⲙⲛ̀ⲭⲏⲙⲓ (/ni-rem-en-kēmi/ "Egyptians"). Religious life remained largely undisturbed following the establishment of Arab rule, as evidence by the rich output of Coptic Orthodox Christian arts in monastic centers in Old Cairo (Fustat) and throughout Egypt. Conditions, however, worsened shortly after that, and in the eighth and ninth centuries when Muslim rulers banned the use of human forms in art (taking advantage of an iconoclastic conflict in the European ruled Byzantium) and consequently destroyed many Coptic christian paintings mainly of Jesus and frescoes in churches.
The Muslim conquest of Egypt took place in AD 639, during the Byzantine empire. From the Muslim conquest of Egypt onwards, the Coptic Christians were persecuted by different Muslims regimes. And despite the political upheaval, Egypt remained mainly Christian, but Copts lost their majority status between 10th and 12th century, as a result of the intermittent persecution and the destruction of the Christian churches there, and forced conversion to Islam. During the 14th century, the Mamluks used the intermittent persecution and the destruction of the Christian churches there, forced conversion to Islam, and accompanied by jizya for those who refused to convert.
The Fatimid period in Egypt was a time of relative tolerance. The Fatimid rulers employed Copts in the government and participated in Coptic and local Egyptian feasts. Major renovation and reconstruction of churches and monasteries were also undertaken. Coptic arts flourished, reaching new heights in Middle and Upper Egypt. The most notorious persecutor of the Copts was the sixth Fatimid caliph Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah, during his regime Churches have been demolished and Christians were forced to convert to Islam. Copts were only made legally equal with Muslims for a short time during Napoleon's rule in Egypt.
See also
Coptic identity
Forced conversion
Islamization
Spread of Islam
Muslim conquests
Persecution of Copts
Pharaonist movement
References
Sources
Egypt
Byzantine Egypt
Forced religious conversion
Arabization
Islam in Egypt
Roman Egypt
Coptic history
Medieval Egypt
Persecution of Christians
The 1996–97 Chattanooga Mocs basketball team represented the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga as a member of the Southern Conference during the 1996–97 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Their head coach was Mack McCarthy and the team played their home games at UTC Arena. The Mocs won the regular season and SoCon Tournament titles, the latter earning the Mocs an automatic bid to the 1997 NCAA tournament. Participating in the Big Dance for the fourth time in five years, Chattanooga made a run to the Sweet Sixteen by defeating No. 3 seed Georgia and No. 6 seed Illinois before falling to No. 10 seed Providence in the Southeast Regional semifinals.
Roster
Source:
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| SoCon Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NCAA tournament
Source:
References
Chattanooga Mocs
Chattanooga Mocs men's basketball seasons
Chattanooga Mocs
Chattanooga Mocs
Chattanooga Mocs
Tshepo Motsepe (born 17 June 1953) is a South African physician and businesswoman. She is the First Lady of South Africa, as the wife of Cyril Ramaphosa, the President of South Africa. She is the older sister of Bridgette Radebe and her brother is Patrice Motsepe.
Biography
Tshepo Motsepe studied as a medical doctor at the University of KwaZulu-Natal and completed her masters in public health at Harvard School of Public Health. In 2012, she completed a Social Entrepreneurship Certificate Program (SECP) at the Gordon Institute of Business Science. She is the current chairperson of the African Self Help Trust (ASHA Trust), focusing on Early Childhood Development and Education.
She has worked in both public and private practice in Mmakau, Mahikeng, Johannesburg, Pretoria, and in Zimbabwe. She's a former Deputy Director of The Reproductive Health Research Institute.
Family
Motsepe is married to Cyril Ramaphosa, President of the Republic of South Africa, with whom she has four children. Motsepe is Ramaphosa's third wife. Her father is the late Chief Augustine Butana Chaane Motsepe, her brother is the mining magnate Patrice Motsepe, and her sister Bridgette Radebe, wife of African National Congress (ANC) politician and former Minister of Energy, Jeff Radebe.
References
Living people
People from Soweto
University of KwaZulu-Natal alumni
Harvard School of Public Health alumni
First Ladies of South Africa
South African Tswana people
1953 births
Svedberg is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar near side near the southern pole. The crater is located Northeast of Scott crater, adjacent to von Baeyer crater, and South of the prominent crater Demonax. The crater was adopted and named after Swedish chemist Theodor Svedberg by the IAU in 2009.
References
External links
LAC-144 area – Map of southern lunar pole
Impact craters on the Moon
The men's welterweight (67 kg/147.4 lbs) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the sixth-lightest of the male Low-Kick tournaments involving fifteen fighters. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and was fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules.
Because there was one too few fighters for a sixteen-man competition, one of the participants had a bye through to the quarter final stage. The tournament gold medallist was Nikolai Shtakhanov, who defeated fellow Russian Evgeny Grechishkin in the final by unanimous decision. Semi finalists Venelin Iankov from Bulgaria and France's Mickael Lallemand won bronze medals for their efforts.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 (Skopje)
Éric Claudon (born 10 July 1961) is a French biathlete. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
French male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of France
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Vosges (department)
Mount Vesalius () is a mountain (765 m) standing northwest of Macleod Point, Liege Island, in the Palmer Archipelago. It surmounts Pleystor Glacier to the northwest.
The peak was shown on an Argentine government chart of 1950, but was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1960 for Vesalius (1514–1564), a Flemish anatomist who wrote a pioneer work on the structure of the human body which revolutionized the whole concept of the subject.
External links
Mount Vesalius on USGS website
Mount Vesalius on AADC website
Mount Vesalius on SCAR website
Mount Vesalius Copernix satellite image
References
Mountains of the Palmer Archipelago
Liège Island
The list of number-one albums in Spain from 1969 to 1979 is derived from the Top 100 España record chart published weekly by PROMUSICAE (Productores de Música de España), a non-profit organization composed by Spain and multinational record companies.
Albums are listed chronologically by the date each reached number one on the chart for the first time.
Number-one albums of the 1970s
See also
List of number-one hits (Spain)
References
Number-one albums
Number-one albums
Spain Albums
Spain Albums
Spanish record charts
Mo Willems (born February 11, 1968) is an American writer, animator, voice actor, and children's book author. His work includes creating the animated television series Sheep in the Big City for Cartoon Network, working on Sesame Street and The Off-Beats, and creating the popular children's book series Elephant and Piggie.
Willems was born in the Chicago suburb of Des Plaines, Illinois and was raised in New Orleans, where he graduated from Trinity Episcopal School and the Isidore Newman School. He graduated cum laude from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
Willems first became interested in cartoon art when he was just a child. When he was 3 or 4 he started to draw and create his own characters. Willems enjoyed writing stories about his characters to share with others. However, he was disappointed when adults would praise his work out of politeness. To fix this dilemma Willems started writing funny stories. He knew that even polite adults could not fake a laugh. So when the adults laughed he knew his story was good and if the adults still gave polite comments then he knew his story was bad.
Career
After graduating from Tisch, Willems spent a year traveling around the world drawing a cartoon every day, all of which have been published in the book You Can Never Find a Rickshaw When its Monsoons.
Returning to New York, he started his career as a writer and animator for Sesame Street, where he earned six Emmy Awards for writing during his tenure from 1993 to January 2002. The segments he wrote and animated for the show included a series of short segments featuring the recurring character Susie Kabloozie, and her pet cat, Feff. During this period he also performed stand-up comedy in NYC and recorded essays for BBC Radio along with making a promo for Cartoon Network and animating the opening for a show on Nickelodeon. He later created two animated television series: The Off-Beats for Nickelodeon and Sheep in the Big City for Cartoon Network. Sheep in the Big City was a success with the critics but ultimately failed to attract sufficient viewership and was canceled after two seasons. Willems later worked as head writer on the first four seasons of Codename: Kids Next Door, created by one of his colleagues from Sheep, Tom Warburton. He left the show to pursue his writing career.
Since 2003, Willems has authored numerous books for young children, many of which have garnered significant critical acclaim. The New York Times Book Review referred to Willems as "the biggest new talent to emerge thus far in the 00's" — and to his pigeon character as "one of this decade's contributions to the pantheon of great picture book characters." He also creates the Elephant and Piggie books, an early reader series about a friendly elephant and pig. In 2010, Willems introduced a new series of books featuring Cat the Cat, also aimed at early readers.
Willems' books have been translated into a number of languages, spawned animated shorts that have twice been awarded the Carnegie Medal (Knuffle Bunny, 2007, and Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus, 2010), and been developed into theatrical musical productions. His illustrations, wire sculpture, and carved ceramics have been exhibited in galleries and museums across the nation. He made several appearances on NPR's All Things Considered as the show's "radio cartoonist" in 2008.
In 2019, Willems was named the Kennedy Center's first education artist-in-residence. In 2020, the Center sponsored a series of virtual lunch doodles with Mo Willems as a way of keeping children entertained during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Awards
Three of Willems' books have been awarded a Caldecott Honor, for Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus!, Knuffle Bunny: A Cautionary Tale, and Knuffle Bunny Too: A Case of Mistaken Identity. Knuffle Bunny Too: A Case of Mistaken Identity also won the Indies Choice Book Award for Children's Illustrated Book.
Also in 2005, his book Leonardo, the Terrible Monster was named a Time Magazine Best Children's Book; it was also awarded a Book Sense Book of the Year Honor Book in 2006.
Two animated versions of his books were awarded Carnegie Medals (Knuffle Bunny: A Cautionary Tale and Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus!)
Elephant & Piggie books won two Theodor Seuss Geisel Medals, for There Is a Bird on Your Head! and Are You Ready to Play Outside?, and five Geisel Honors, for We Are in a Book!, I Broke My Trunk!, Let's Go for a Drive!, A Big Guy Took My Ball!, and Waiting Is Not Easy! His 2009 I Love My New Toy! earned him a Golden Kite Award.
The Pigeon Needs a Bath was awarded the Best Picture Book award by Goodreads in 2014. The Thank-you Book was awarded the same award by Goodreads in 2016.
Willems won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Children's Series six times for his work on Sesame Street between 1995 and 2001.
In 2019, Willems was named the Best of Brooklyn, during the Brooklyn Book Festival.
In 2020, Willems recorded an audio book, The Pigeon HAS to Go to School!, for which he was nominated for the Audie Award for Young Listeners. The same book had Willems on the NY Times Bestseller list for 11 weeks running.
Personal life
He married Cheryl Camp in Brooklyn, New York, in 1997. They reside in Northampton, Massachusetts.
Bibliography
Willems has worked on a number of books on his own, as well as submitting work for other compilations.
As author
Pigeon series
Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus! (2003) — Caldecott Honor (2004), Charlotte Zolotow Commendation
The Pigeon Finds a Hot Dog! (2004)
The Pigeon Loves Things That Go! (2005)
The Pigeon Has Feelings, Too! (2005)
Don't Let the Pigeon Stay Up Late! (2006)
The Pigeon Wants a Puppy! (2008)
The Duckling Gets a Cookie!? (2012) — Irma Black Honor (2013)
Don't Let the Pigeon Finish This Activity Book! (2012)
The Pigeon Needs a Bath! (2014)
The Pigeon HAS to Go to School! (2019)
The Pigeon Will Ride the Rollercoaster! (2022)
Knuffle Bunny series
Knuffle Bunny: A Cautionary Tale (2004) — Caldecott Honor (2005), Charlotte Zolotow Honor 2005
Knuffle Bunny 2: A Case of Mistaken Identity (2007) — Caldecott Honor (2008)
Knuffle Bunny 3: An Unexpected Diversion (2010)
Edwina, The Dinosaur Who Didn't Know She Was Extinct (2006)
Leonardo, the Terrible Monster (2005) — Charlotte Zolotow Commendation
Time to Pee! (2003)
Time to Say "Please"! (2005)
You Can Never Find a Rickshaw When It Monsoons (2006)
Elephant & Piggie series
Today I Will Fly! (2007)
My Friend is Sad (2007)
I Am Invited to a Party! (2007)
There Is a Bird on Your Head! (2007) — Theodor Seuss Geisel Medal (2008)
I Love My New Toy! (2008)
I Will Surprise My Friend! (2008)
Are You Ready to Play Outside? (2008) — Theodor Seuss Geisel Medal (2009)
Watch Me Throw the Ball! (2009)
Elephants Cannot Dance! (2009)
Pigs Make Me Sneeze! (2009)
I Am Going! (2010)
Can I Play Too? (2010)
We Are in a Book! (2010) — Theodor Seuss Geisel Honor (2011)
I Broke My Trunk! (2011) — Theodor Seuss Geisel Honor (2012)
Should I Share My Ice Cream? (2011)
Happy Pig Day! (2011)
Listen to My Trumpet! (2012)
Let's Go for a Drive! (2012) — Theodor Seuss Geisel Honor (2013)
A Big Guy Took My Ball! (2013) — Theodor Seuss Geisel Honor (2014)
I'm a Frog! (2013)
My New Friend Is So Fun! (2014)
Waiting Is Not Easy! (2014) — Theodor Seuss Geisel Honor (2015)
I Will Take a Nap! (2015)
I Really Like Slop! (2015)
The Thank-you Book (2016)
Elephant and Piggie Presents series (written by other authors)
We Are Growing! (2016)
The Cookie Fiasco (2016)
The Good for Nothing Button (2017)
It's Shoe Time! (2017)
The Itchy Book! (2018)
Harold & Hog Pretend for Real! (2019)
What About Worms?! (2020)
I'm On It! (2021)
It's A Sign! (2022)
Naked Mole Rat Gets Dressed (2009)
Big Frog Can't Fit In: A Pop-Out Book (2009)
Goldilocks and the Three Dinosaurs (2012) — Irma Black Honor (2013)
That is NOT a Good Idea! (2013) — Irma Black Medal (2014)
Don't Pigeonhole Me! (2013)
Hooray for Amanda and Her Alligator! (2011)
Cat the Cat series
Cat the Cat, Who Is That? (2010)
Let's Say Hi to Friends Who Fly (2010)
What's Your Sound, Hound the Hound? (2010)
Time to Sleep, Sheep the Sheep! (2010)
City Dog, Country Frog (2010) — Charlotte Zolotow Honor
The Story of Diva and Flea (2015), illustrated by Tony DiTerlizzi
Nanette's Baguette (2016)
Sam, the Most Scaredy-Cat Kid in the Whole World (2017)
Welcome (2017)
A Busy Creature's Day Eating (2018)
Unlimited Squirrels series
I Lost My Tooth! (2018)
Who is the Mystery Reader? (2019)
I Want to Sleep Under the Stars! (2020)
The Book! (2022)
Because (2019), illustrated by Amber Ren
As animator
The Man Who Yelled (1990)
Ira Sleeps Over (1991) (animator)
A Child's Garden of Verses (1992) (layout)
Iddy Biddy Beat Boy (1993) (director)
Cartoon Network "Closedown" (design) (1993)
Beavis and Butt-Head (layout and design) (1993-1994)
Sesame Street (various shorts, including Suzie Kabloozie and I'm an Octopus) (1993–1999)
Another Bad Day for Philip Jenkins (1994)
Going, Going, Almost Gone! Animals in Danger (1995) (animator)
Crazy Owen (promo for Cartoon Network) (1995)
Nickelodeon "Rhino ID" (design) (1996)
The Off-Beats (1996–1998)
Short Films by Short People (show open) (1997)
An Off-Beats Valentine's (1999)
Life (1999; 6-minute short)
Sheep in the Big City (2000–2002)
Codename: Kids Next Door (2002-2008)
My Fair Lady (2003)
LazyTown (2004) (writer)
Codename: Kids Next Door: Operation: Z.E.R.O (2006)
Sit Down, Shut Up (character designer) (2009)
Naked Mole Rat Gets Dressed: The Underground Rock Experience (2022)
References
External links
Mo Willems Papers. General Collection, Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library, Yale University.
1968 births
Living people
American bloggers
American children's writers
American children's book illustrators
Sesame Street crew
Isidore Newman School alumni
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Artists from New Orleans
Writers from New Orleans
American people of Dutch descent
Cartoon Network Studios people
Animators from Illinois
The Bundesstraße 186 is a German federal highway. Originally, this road ran from Köthen to Bitterfeld. During East German rule, the number 186 was reassigned to a loop running around the city of Leipzig. Due to brown coal mining, two strips of road in the north (between Schkeuditz and Taucha) and the south (between Zwenkau and Markkleeberg) had to be demolished, splitting up the road into two segments.
In 2010, the eastern segment was degraded, leaving only the western segment.
186
James Edward Allen Jr. (April 25, 1911 – October 16, 1971) was the Commissioner of Education of the State of New York from 1955 to 1969 and served briefly as Richard Nixon's U.S. Commissioner of Education. He ordered New York school boards to comply with the 1962 U. S. Supreme Court order banning prayer in New York schools and began desegregation of New York Public Schools.
Biography
Allen was born in Elkins, West Virginia on April 25, 1911. His father was a Presbyterian minister and he earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Davis & Elkins College in 1932. He worked for the West Virginia State Department of Education for six years before attending Harvard University, where he earned his master's degree in education in 1942 and his Ph.D. in 1945. In 1947, he went to work for the New York Department of Education. He became Deputy Commissioner of Education in 1950 and Commissioner in 1955.
In 1960, he was opposed to school districts drawn up along racial lines and began having local school boards redraw boundaries to end racial disparities in 1962. In June 1962, the Supreme Court banned prayer in New York public schools, an order Allen directed local school boards to follow. In 1969, President Richard Nixon appointed him U.S. Commissioner of Education. His strong support for desegregation caused friction however, and President Nixon removed him the following year. He went from there to the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton. He and his wife died in a plane crash on October 16, 1971 in Arizona.
Sources
Lichtenstein, Nelson et al. Political Profiles. Volume 3, "The Kennedy Years." pp 7–8. New York: Facts On File, Inc., 1976.
References
|-
1911 births
1971 deaths
20th-century American politicians
American Presbyterians
Commissioners of Education of the State of New York
Davis & Elkins College alumni
Harvard Graduate School of Education alumni
People from Elkins, West Virginia
United States Bureau of Education people
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United States
Modern Motherhood is an exploitation film by Dwain Esper. Originally released in 1934, it would gain fame by being presented in the style of later road show filmmakers such as Kroger Babb and David F. Friedman, as it was presented around the country and typically featured a "Dynamic Sex Lecture" at each performance.
References
Felicia Feaster and Bret Wood. Forbidden Fruit: The Golden Age of Exploitation Film. Midnight Marquee Press, 1999. .
1934 drama films
1934 films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Dwain Esper
American exploitation films
American drama films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
( ) is the third full-length album from Icelandic post-rock band Sigur Rós, first released in October 2002. It comprises eight untitled tracks, divided into two parts: the first four tracks are lighter and more optimistic, while the latter four are bleaker and more melancholic. The two-halves are divided by a 36-second silence, and the album opens and closes with a click of distortion. Lead singer Jón Þór Birgisson ("Jónsi") sang the album's lyrics entirely in "Hopelandic", a made-up language consisting of gibberish words. ( ) reached No. 51 on the Billboard 200 and received acclaim from music critics, although some reviewers found the album weaker than the band's previous album Ágætis byrjun.
This is the first album to feature drummer Orri Páll Dýrason who joined the band in 1999, replacing their previous drummer Ágúst Ævar Gunnarsson.
Production
The album's title consists of two opposing parentheses, representing either the album's two-halves, or the idea that the album has no title, leaving the listener free to determine it. Members of the band have referred to ( ) as Svigaplatan, which translates to "The Bracket Album". In the credits of the film Heima, it is referred to as The Untitled Album. The outside packaging of ( ) consists of a plastic protective sleeve with two parentheses cut out, revealing the image printed on the CD case underneath. There are four versions of this cover art, which consist of modified photographs of nature around the band's Mosfellsbær studio, sold in four parts of the world: Europe, the United States, Australia, and Japan. In Iceland, all four cover designs are sold. The back of the packaging shows an image of a sleepwalking boy, adapted from a photograph by John Yang. In 2011, Yang's daughter, Naomi Yang, of the band Galaxie 500, said that the band used the image without permission or payment to her father. There are no liner notes or production credits included, although packaged with the album is a booklet of twelve blank pages, on which listeners are invited to write or draw their own interpretations of the album's music. A limited edition version of ( ) released in Spain includes a 94-page book of contemporary art.
( ) was co-produced and engineered by Ken Thomas, who also worked with the band on their previous album, Ágætis byrjun. This is the first album Sigur Rós recorded at their studio based in Álafoss, Mosfellsbær, a small rural town outside Reykjavík, Iceland. The band refers to the studio as "Sundlaugin", or "The Pool". ( ) includes the work of the string quartet Amiina. ( ) was given more production and recording time than Ágætis byrjun, although lead singer Jónsi considers the ( ) album "less polished" than its predecessor. He characterized the record as being "much more bare and alive and there are far fewer little slick things and much less sweet stuff." The strings of Ágætis byrjun were recorded in just two days, while two weeks were given for their recording on ( ). In addition, the former was performed by the Iceland Symphony Orchestra, while the latter was done by Amiina. Because of this, the string parts required less preparation prior to recording. The band "just let them 'jam' in the studio until everybody was happy", according to Jónsi.
Music and lyrics
( ) consists of eight tracks divided in half by thirty-six seconds of silence which, in concept, replicates the separation of two sides of a gramophone record. Ironically, on the actual vinyl version of the record, the thirty-six seconds of silence occurs in the middle of side 2 (the vinyl consists of 4 sides). The first half of the album is "light and optimistic" musically, with a heavier emphasis on the use of keyboards than guitar, and the sampling of Jónsi's voice. The second half is more melancholic, playing with the emotions of the listener, as described by Jónsi. None of the tracks on ( ) have titles; band guitarist and keyboardist Kjartan Sveinsson said of this choice, "we didn't want to put titles on the record just because there are supposed to be titles on the record." The songs are listed as "Untitled #1", "Untitled #2", etc., although each track has an unofficial name used by the band.
Jónsi sang the lyrics of ( ) entirely in "Vonlenska" ("Hopelandic"), a made-up "language" which consists of meaningless words and syllables. Jónsi uses Hopelandic in place of songs which do not yet have lyrics, although some tracks on Sigur Rós albums Von and Takk... are only sung in the language. Its names in English and Icelandic are derived from "Von" ("Hope" in English), the ninth track on the album Von, which is the first instance in which Hopelandic is used in the band's music. The Hopelandic of ( ) consists of one eleven-syllable phrase, with various permutations and subsequent variations thereof sung over the course of the album. ( ) is made up of material that Sigur Rós had been playing live for over two years. For this reason, the band did not want to give the songs actual lyrics. Drummer Orri Páll Dýrason said of this, "[the songs] were fully formed and it would have been strange to suddenly insert lyrics into these finished products."
Release
Pitchfork placed ( ) 29th on its list of the fifty best albums of 2002, and 135th on its list of the top 200 albums of the 2000s (decade). The album also peaked at No. 51 on the Billboard 200. A music video for "Untitled #1" directed by Floria Sigismondi was released in April 2003. The video depicts a dystopian future in which schoolchildren wearing gas masks are playing amidst black snow and a red sky. In November 2003, Sigismondi's video was given the award for "Best Video" at the MTV Europe Music Awards in Edinburgh, UK.
Critical reception
( ) received critical acclaim, holding a Metacritic score of 82/100 based on twenty reviews, which makes it the twenty-sixth highest-scored album of 2002 according to Metacritic. Daniel Becker of Dusted Magazine wrote that the album is "gorgeous music..the songs are vast, unhurried, and vivid, and that only makes them more powerful." He considers ( ) a "logical extension of Ágætis Byrjun, relying on the same interplay of instruments to create a similarly picturesque and eerily calm atmosphere." Chris Ott of Pitchfork wrote that "Sigur Rós' music has all the depth, resonance and humanity of a Brueghel landscape, and is best appreciated at loud volumes in open spaces, as a soundtrack for scenery, real or imagined." Sean Adams of Drowned in Sound said that "( ) is as pioneering, unnerving, inspiring, confusing, as lyrically anarchic as every thing that has moved the world, ever" and "why I love music, why this website has this name and why art exists. ( ) [is] yours to discover." Gavin Mueller of Stylus Magazine found that Jónsi's voice "never [has] sounded more exposed, giving [the band] a strength that Ágætis Byrjun often obscured. The final track's ultimate climax is nothing short of harrowing, as a crashing storm of frantic drum fills overwhelms Birgisson's urgent guitar strumming and plaintive wail."
Andy Kellman of AllMusic said that with ( ), Sigur Rós made "only adjustments – no significant developments – in the group's sound" and that "The fact that the emotional extremes are few and far between makes the album difficult to wade through". Ott wrote that ( ) "doesn't shine with the same nascent glimmer as its predecessor. If the band weren't so headstrong, it wouldn't even be a consideration, but from the beginning they've claimed they would change music forever, and that this record in particular would be even better than [Ágætis byrjun]". In addition, he found the album's main Hopelandic phrase repetitive, and that ( ) lacked the innovation of its predecessor. Gavin Edwards of Rolling Stone called ( ) "impressive" but "remarkably similar" in sound; "it's just packaged more pretentiously." Ott said of the blank booklet included with ( ), "I fail to see how this tactic enriches the band's cinematic balladry", adding, "evidence that they just thought it would be cool to package the record this way is abundant". Mueller called the title of ( ) "forehead-slappingly pretentious", and considered the album's nameless tracks "a jab at Yorke-worshippers who couldn't pronounce the Icelandic titles of Sigur Ros's previous work anyway." In his review for PopMatters, music critic Matt Cibula wrote, "I don't think there are any real meanings to these songs, other than the ones we bring to them, each on our own", adding:
My only clue – and here I'm cheating massively – is that I saw them in concert a month ago, and these songs were invariably accompanied by hazy images of children, of childhood ... but even if this stuff is about the end of childhood or innocence or any of those trotted-out tropes, I wouldn't know, and it probably tells you more about me than the opening section of this record.A book on the album was released in the series on 28 August 2014. The series are short books inspired by or focused on albums and are generally written as longform essays. The book, written by composer Ethan Hayden, was cited by Pitchfork as one of the "33 Best Books."
Media usage
A snippet from "Untitled #8" can be heard during the trailer for the Oliver Hirschbiegel film The Invasion.
"Untitled #7" is featured in the trailer for the 2008 video game Dead Space.
"Untitled #4", as well as "Svefn-g-englar" and the title track from Ágætis byrjun and a video backdrop used during a Sigur Rós concert in Los Angeles, are featured in the film Vanilla Sky. This was the first case of the band licensing their music for a movie; Jónsi allowed for it in part "because he thought the idea of Tom Cruise acting over their music was 'funny'".
"Untitled #4" was played in the American TV series Queer as Folk, as well as the season 3 finale of Canadian TV series Orphan Black.
"Untitled #3", listed as its alternate title "Samskeyti", was used in the credits for the Gregg Araki-directed film Mysterious Skin (based on the novel by Scott Heim),
in an episode from the second season of the British serial drama Skins and in the 2009 film The Boys Are Back (directed by Scott Hicks and starring Clive Owen) during the final shots. Various tracks off ( ) were used in the American crime drama CSI: Miami. Vaka was also heavily used in the soundtrack to the 2010 Norwegian film King of Devil's Island.
The 2006 Academy Award-nominated Danish film After the Wedding also uses "Untitled #1" (Vaka) as background music during the funeral of a major character.
Track listing
All tracks are officially untitled, although each track has an alternate name by which the band refers to it. These names are also used for digital platforms.
Personnel
Sigur Rós
Jón Þór Birgisson – vocals, guitar, keyboards
Kjartan Sveinsson – keyboards, guitar
Georg Hólm – bass guitar, keyboards, glockenspiel
Orri Páll Dýrason – drums, keyboards
Amiina
María Huld Markan – violin
Edda Rún Ólafsdóttir – violin
Ólöf Júlía Kjartansdóttir – viola
Sólrún Sumarliðadóttir – cello
Production
Sigur Rós – production
Ken Thomas – production, engineering, mixing
Marco Migliari – engineering
Mandy Parnell – mastering
Charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
External links
( ) at sigur-ros.co.uk
( ) at discogs
Sigur Rós albums
2002 albums
Albums produced by Ken Thomas (record producer)
FatCat Records albums
PIAS Recordings albums
Bad Taste (record label) albums
The Moreas Motorway (, designated: A7) is a motorway in Peloponnese, Greece. The A7 begins just west of the Isthmus of Corinth, branching off from Greek National Road 8A (which is now integrated into the Olympia Odos). It connects Corinth and Kalamata via Tripoli.
As part of the concession agreement between the Greek state and the consortium operating the motorway (Moreas S.A.), the latter is responsible for constructing, operating, maintaining and modernizing the A7. In existing sections of the motorway, improvements include the straightening of dangerous curves, constructing new tunnels, completing the Artemision tunnel, adding more light fixtures and upgrading the median throughout.
Length
Corinth to Tripoli: 74 km (46 mi)
Corinth to Kalamata: 147 km (91 mi)
Lefktro to Sparta: 45,5 km (28 mi)
Total length: 205 km (127 mi)
History and additional information
The Corinth-Tripoli segment was constructed between 1984 and 1990. It officially became part of the Greek road network in 1992. Prior to that, the Greek National Road 7 (GR-7) was the only road connecting Corinth and Tripoli via Nemea / Dervenakia, Argos and Achladokampos. This was a two-lane road with dangerous curves, especially in the "Kolosoúrtis" (Κωλοσούρτης) section west of Myli; the road exists to this day and is open to local traffic. The A7 motorway has been credited with spearheading Tripoli's economic growth. The southern end is also the ring road of Kalamata city, distributing to the local agriculture and industrial economy, as well. In the late months of 2016 the road became fully operative from one end to the other.
Notes
External links
7
National
Fort Jefferson is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office called Fort Jefferson was established in 1823, and remained in operation until 1906. A memorial to historic Fort Jefferson is located there.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The Walsh Cup has been competed for since 1967 by the U.S. Naval Academy and Wisconsin Men's Varsity Eight rowing teams. Both teams compete in the Eastern Association of Rowing Colleges (EACR).
It is named after Commander Charles "Buck" Walsh, former coach of the U.S. Naval Academy crew.
References
College rowing competitions in the United States
College sports rivalry trophies in the United States
Navy Midshipmen rowing
Wisconsin Badgers rowing
Recurring sporting events established in 1967
1967 establishments in Maryland
1967 establishments in Wisconsin
The Battle of Korytsa was fought during the Greco-Italian War of 1940–41 in the town of Korçë (Greek: Korytsa) in southern Albania between the defending Italian 9th Army and the attacking Greek III Army Corps.
After the initial Italian invasion starting 28 October had been stopped, Greek forces launched an counter-offensive in early November. The battle for Korytsa formed the first part of the operation against the Italians and marked the final stage of the Greek penetration in the Battle of Morava–Ivan heights sector.
The Italian 9th Army was entrenched around the town, but fierce fighting over two days led to the break-through of the Italian defensive line by the Greeks and its capture. Remnants of the 9th Army itself avoided capture, as the opposing Greek forces were poorly motorized and unable to pursue the retreating Italians.
References
Korytsa
Korytsa
Korce
Korce
1940 in Albania
November 1940 events
Prewett is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Prewett family, fictional characters in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series
Gideon and Fabian Prewett, Molly Weasley's brothers
Frank Prewett (1893–1962), Canadian poet, who spent most of his life in the United Kingdom
Park Prewett Hospital, psychiatric hospital northwest of Basingstoke, England, which operated from 1917 until 1997
See also
Prue Watt
Pruett
Rahul Singh Lodhi is an Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party. In May 2021, he was elected as a member of the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly from Damoh (constituency). He defeated Jayant Malaiya of Bharatiya Janata Party by 798 votes in 2018 Madhya Pradesh Assembly election. Lodhi joined Bharatiya Janata Party in October and was given a ticket for 2021 by-election where he was defeated by Ajay Kumar Tandon of Indian National Congress by 17,097 votes.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Indian politicians
People from Damoh
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Madhya Pradesh
Indian National Congress politicians from Madhya Pradesh
Madhya Pradesh MLAs 2018–2023
Thomas Henry Jones OAM (2 March 1924 – 26 March 2014) was an Australian politician and trade union leader. He served the Labor Party as member for Collie from 1968 until his retirement in 1989.
Early life
Jones was born in Donnybrook, Western Australia. He worked as a call boy with the railways at the beginning of his career after moving to Collie in 1929. In 1947 he joined the coal mining industry and in 1951 was elected General Secretary of the Coal Miners Industrial Union - the youngest person ever elected to that position. He also served as Secretary of the Collie Coal Miners Combined Union. Tom Jones was also responsible as an industrial advocate for winning the 35-hour week as an Award Condition for Australian workers.
Political life
Jones was elected as member for Collie-Wellington in 1968 and served as the Labor Member for 21 years. His retirement in 1989 saw the National Party candidate Hilda Turnbull become the member for Collie.
During his parliamentary career he was active in the policies of Government for the coal mining industry. He was Chairman of the State Parliamentary Party during the period of the John Tonkin Government. In 1974, with the Labor Party in Opposition, he was a member of the Tonkin Shadow Ministry.
Medal of the Order of Australia
Jones holds the Medal of the Order of Australia, granted for his service as a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, and for his service to the trade union movement and the welfare of the elderly.
See also
Tonkin Ministry
Tonkin shadow ministry
References
1924 births
2014 deaths
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Donnybrook, Western Australia
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
WUSF (89.7 FM) is the flagship National Public Radio member station in the Tampa Bay area. It is licensed to Tampa and owned by the University of South Florida. WUSF signed on in 1963, seven years after USF's founding in 1956. It joined NPR in 1976 and was the first public radio station in the country—and the first station of any kind in Florida—to launch HD radio.
WUSF's current format features news and talk programming during the day and jazz at night, and variety programming on weekends from NPR and other sources, including Wait Wait Don't Tell Me and Radio Lab. Its HD Radio feed features classical music from sister station WSMR.
In 2010, USF acquired Sarasota Christian radio station WSMR 89.1 MHz from Northwestern College of Roseville, Minnesota. USF planned to change that station's format to classical music. It would inherit most of the classical music inventory of WUSF, which would switch to a format of NPR news and nighttime jazz programming. WSMR's current reception area is focused on the Sarasota-Bradenton area; however, the station's programming will be available online and on WUSF's HD subcarrier. WUSF's format was changed on September 15, 2010; WSMR's relaunch, also scheduled for that day, was delayed due to technical issues. WSMR's sale to USF also includes W280DW, a repeater of WSMR in Brandon that broadcasts on 103.9 MHz and serves Pasco and northern Hillsborough counties; the repeater will continue to repeat WSMR, with the new classical format.
Two weeks after the failed launch of classical replacement WSMR, station management came under public scrutiny for neglecting to perform due diligence regarding the purchase of the WSMR transmitter. According to a Bradenton Herald article:
Arthur Doak, an engineer for the FCC, said there was no record of WUSF or Northwestern College conducting an inspection on the tower but said stations are entitled to a review of tower sites.
“If the buyer wanted it done to protect themselves, certainly they could,” Doak said. “That's between the buyer and the seller.”
See also
List of jazz radio stations in the United States
References
External links
NPR member stations
University of South Florida media
USF
USF (FM)
1963 establishments in Florida
Radio stations established in 1963
New Flyer is a Canadian multinational bus manufacturer, specializing in the production of transit buses. New Flyer is owned by the NFI Group, a holding company for several bus manufacturers. New Flyer has several manufacturing facilities in Canada and the United States that produce the company's main product, the New Flyer Xcelsior family of buses.
History
New Flyer was founded by John Coval in 1930 as the Western Auto and Truck Body Works Ltd in Manitoba. The company began producing buses in 1937, selling their first full buses to Grey Goose Bus Lines in 1937, before releasing their Western Flyer bus model in 1941, prompting the company to change its name to Western Flyer Coach in 1948.
In the 1960s, the company further focused on the urban transit bus market. In 1971, the then-financially struggling Western Flyer was sold to the Manitoba Development Corporation, an agency of the government of Manitoba, and renamed Flyer Industries Limited. In 1974 the opposition Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba had urged the NDP government in power to divest Flyer Industries from government ownership.
On July 15, 1986, Jan den Oudsten, a descendant of the family who formed Dutch bus manufacturer Den Oudsten Bussen BV, purchased Flyer Industries from the Manitoba government, changing its name to New Flyer Industries Limited.
New Flyer designed and tested North America's first low-floor bus in 1988 and delivered the first production model, called the D40LF, to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in 1991. In 1994, New Flyer delivered the first compressed natural gas bus in North America and the world's first hydrogen fuel cell powered bus. In 1995, the company delivered the first low-floor articulated bus in North America to Strathcona County Transit.
In March 2002, New Flyer was acquired by KPS Capital Partners, an investment company that specializes in turning around struggling businesses, for $44 million. Later that year Jan den Oudsten retired as CEO. He was later inducted into the American Public Transportation Association's Hall of Fame for his work at the company.
In 2003, King County Metro in Seattle placed an order for 213 hybrid buses, the world's first large order for hybrid buses.
On December 15, 2003, New Flyer was purchased by private equity firms Harvest Partners and Lightyear Capital. The company's CEO, John Marinucci, called the purchase an indicator that the company's operational and financial turnaround had been accomplished.
On August 19, 2005, New Flyer became a publicly traded company on the Toronto Stock Exchange, renaming the company to New Flyer Industries Canada ULC and creating the publicly traded parent company NFI Group Inc. 2005 also saw a restyling of New Flyer's popular low-floor coaches with new front and rear endcaps, to modernize and streamline the exterior appearance of the bus.
In June 2012 New Flyer, in a joint venture with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, the Manitoba Government, Manitoba Hydro and Red River College, unveiled a fully electric battery-powered bus.
In May 2012, New Flyer and Alexander Dennis announced a joint venture to design and manufacture medium-duty low-floor bus (or midi bus) for the North American market. The bus, called the New Flyer MiDi, was based on the design of the Alexander Dennis Enviro200. Alexander Dennis engineered and tested the bus, and it was built and marketed by New Flyer under contract. During the partnership around 200 buses were delivered to 22 operators in Canada and US. In May 2017, New Flyer and Alexander Dennis announced their joint venture would end and production of the bus would transition to Alexander Dennis' new North American factory in Indiana where it is produced alongside the double-deck Enviro500 series bus. Alexander Dennis was later purchased by New Flyer in 2019.
Models
References
External links
Official website
History of New Flyer
Bus manufacturers of Canada
Canadian brands
Canadian companies established in 1930
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1930
Hybrid electric bus manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Winnipeg
Natural gas vehicles
Trolleybus manufacturers
1930 establishments in Manitoba
Melaleuca eleuterostachya is a plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae and is endemic to Western Australia and South Australia. It is a shrub or tree with arching branches, narrow leaves and small spikes of cream or white flowers.
Description
Melaleuca eleuterostachya is a shrub or tree with grey papery or fibrous bark, thin arching branches and which grows to a height of about . The leaves are arranged in alternate pairs (decussate), are narrow lance-shaped or narrow oval to linear, about long and wide. They have hooked leaves but the tip is not sharp.
The flowers are cream or white, arranged in short spikes or heads of flowers containing 8 to 20 groups of flowers in threes, the heads-up to in diameter. These flowering spikes are on the sides of the main branches and unlike in most other melaleucas, do not continue growing after flowering. The petals are long and fall off as the flower opens. The stamens are arranged in five bundles around the flower and each bundle contains 12 to 18 stamens. Flowering occurs throughout the year and is followed by fruit which are woody capsules long on short lateral branches.
Taxonomy and naming
Melaleuca eleuterostachya was first formally described in 1886 by Ferdinand von Mueller in Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae. The specific epithet (eleuterostachya) is from the ancient Greek eleutheros meaning "free" and stachys, "spike", referring to the way the flower spikes appear on the sides of the branches below the leaves.
Distribution and habitat
Melaleuca eleuterostachya occurs in central-southern South Australia and is most common in the Eyre Peninsula. It is widespread in Western Australia, especially the central and southern areas and in a broad band between Geraldton and Albany. It grows in sandy or clayey soils, on plains, low hills and wet depressions.
Conservation status
Melaleuca diosmifolia is listed as "not threatened" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife.
References
eleuterostachya
Myrtales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Plants described in 1886
Endemic flora of Western Australia
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Sister Ray is the stage name of Ella Coyes, a Métis singer-songwriter. They were born and raised in Sturgeon County, Alberta. Their debut full-length album Communion was released in May 2022 on Royal Mountain Records, and was longlisted for the 2022 Polaris Music Prize.
Coyes previously released the EP Untitled in 2017.
References
Living people
Canadian indie rock musicians
Canadian singer-songwriters
LGBT singers from Canada
Métis musicians
Musicians from Alberta
Non-binary musicians
People from Sturgeon County
21st-century Canadian singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
A submarine canyon is a steep-sided valley cut into the seabed of the continental slope, sometimes extending well onto the continental shelf, having nearly vertical walls, and occasionally having canyon wall heights of up to 5 km, from canyon floor to canyon rim, as with the Great Bahama Canyon. Just as above-sea-level canyons serve as channels for the flow of water across land, submarine canyons serve as channels for the flow of turbidity currents across the seafloor. Turbidity currents are flows of dense, sediment laden waters that are supplied by rivers, or generated on the seabed by storms, submarine landslides, earthquakes, and other soil disturbances. Turbidity currents travel down slope at great speed (as much as 70 km/h), eroding the continental slope and finally depositing sediment onto the abyssal plain, where the particles settle out.
About 3% of submarine canyons include shelf valleys that have cut transversely across continental shelves, and which begin with their upstream ends in alignment with and sometimes within the mouths of large rivers, such as the Congo River and the Hudson Canyon. About 28.5% of submarine canyons cut back into the edge of the continental shelf, whereas the majority (about 68.5%) of submarine canyons have not managed at all to cut significantly across their continental shelves, having their upstream beginnings or "heads" on the continental slope, below the edge of continental shelves.
The formation of submarine canyons is believed to occur as the result of at least two main process: 1) erosion by turbidity current erosion; and 2) slumping and mass wasting of the continental slope. While at first glance the erosion patterns of submarine canyons may appear to mimic those of river-canyons on land, several markedly different processes have been found to take place at the soil/water interface.
Many canyons have been found at depths greater than 2 km below sea level. Some may extend seawards across continental shelves for hundreds of kilometres before reaching the abyssal plain. Ancient examples have been found in rocks dating back to the Neoproterozoic. Turbidites are deposited at the downstream mouths or ends of canyons, building an abyssal fan.
Characteristics
Submarine canyons are more common on the steep slopes found on active margins compared to those on the gentler slopes found on passive margins. They show erosion through all substrates, from unlithified sediment to crystalline rock. Canyons are steeper, shorter, more dendritic and more closely spaced on active than on passive continental margins. The walls are generally very steep and can be near vertical. The walls are subject to erosion by bioerosion, or slumping. There are an estimated 9,477 submarine canyons on Earth, covering about 11% of the continental slope.
Examples
Avilés Canyon, off the coast of Asturias, Spain, reaches depth of about 4,700 m.
Amazon Canyon, extending from the Amazon River
Baltimore and Wilmington Canyons, East Coast of Maryland and Delaware States
Bering Canyon, in the Bering Sea
Congo Canyon, the largest river canyon, extending from the Congo River, is long, and deep.
Hatteras Canyon, off the coast of North Carolina
Hudson Canyon, extending from the Hudson River
Ganges Canyon, extending from the Ganges
Indus Canyon, extending from the Indus River
Kaikōura Canyon, extending offshore from the Kaikoura Peninsula, New Zealand
La Jolla and Scripps Canyon, off the coast of La Jolla, Southern California
Mona Canyon, off the coast of western Puerto Rico
Monterey Canyon, off the coast of central California
Nazaré Canyon, off the coast of Portugal, reaches abyssal depths of 5,000 m
Pribilof Canyon, in the Bering Sea
Whittard Canyon, Atlantic Ocean off southwest Ireland
Zhemchug Canyon the deepest and joint-widest submarine canyon in the world, in the Bering Sea
Formation
Different mechanisms have been proposed for the formation of submarine canyons. Their primary causes have been subject to debate since the early 1930s.
An early and obvious theory was that the canyons present today were carved during glacial times, when sea level was about 125 meters below present sea level, and rivers flowed to the edge of the continental shelf. However, while many (but not all) canyons are found offshore from major rivers, subaerial river erosion cannot have been active to the water depths as great as 3000 meters where canyons have been mapped, as it is well established (by many lines of evidence) that sea levels did not fall to those depths.
The major mechanism of canyon erosion is thought to be turbidity currents and underwater landslides. Turbidity currents are dense, sediment-laden currents which flow downslope when an unstable mass of sediment that has been rapidly deposited on the upper slope fails, perhaps triggered by earthquakes. There is a spectrum of turbidity- or density-current types ranging from "muddy water" to massive mudflow, and evidence of both these end members can be observed in deposits associated with the deeper parts of submarine canyons and channels, such as lobate deposits (mudflow) and levees along channels.
Mass wasting, slumping, and submarine landslides are forms of slope failures (the effect of gravity on a hillslope) observed in submarine canyons. Mass wasting is the term used for the slower and smaller action of material moving downhill. Slumping is generally used for rotational movement of masses on a hillside. Landslides, or slides, generally comprise the detachment and displacement of sediment masses.
It is now understood that many mechanisms of submarine canyon creation have had effect to greater or lesser degree in different places, even within the same canyon, or at different times during a canyon's development. However, if a primary mechanism must be selected, the downslope lineal morphology of canyons and channels and the transportation of excavated or loose materials of the continental slope over extensive distances require that various kinds of turbidity or density currents act as major participants.
In addition to the processes described above, submarine canyons that are especially deep may form by another method. In certain cases, a sea with a bed significantly below sea level is cut off from the larger ocean to which it is usually connected. The sea which is normally repleted by contact and inflow from the ocean is now no longer replenished and hence dries up over a period of time, which can be very short if the local climate is arid. In this scenario, rivers that previously flowed into the sea at a sea level elevation now can cut far deeper into the bottom of the bed now exposed. The Messinian salinity crisis is an example of this phenomenon; between five and six million years ago, the Mediterranean Sea became isolated from the Atlantic Ocean and evaporated away in roughly a thousand years. During this time, the Nile River delta, among other rivers, extended far beyond its present location, both in depth and length. In a cataclysmic event, the Mediterranean sea basin was flooded. One relevant consequence is that the submarine canyons eroded are now far below the present sea level.
See also
List of submarine canyons
List of submarine topographical features
Passive margin
References
External links
Noam Gamon (; born 8 March 1997) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a right defender for Hapoel Ra'anana. Gamon played in all of Israel national youngest team's
Career
Early career
Gamon grew up in the youth division of Hapoel Be'er Sheva. On 16 August 2015, the 2015–16 season, while playing in the club youth team, made its debut in the Toto Cup, in a 0–0 loss to Maccabi Netanya at Netanya Stadium.
On July 30, 2016, the 2016–17 season, he made his second appearance in the Toto Cup final team, in a 5–0 win over Hapoel Ashkelon at Sala Stadium. Gamon was a partner in Hapoel Be'er Sheva win in the Toto Cup, having won 4–1 Ironi Kiryat Shmona at Netanya Stadium. In the league, he played in the club youth team. On January 31, 2017, the winter transfer window was loaned to Hapoel Afula from the Liga Leumit until the end of the season. On 6 February 2017 he made his debut in a 0–0 draw against Hapoel Acre at Acre Municipal Stadium. By the end of the season, Gamon had held 14 appearances in the Liga Leumit.
In the season of 2017–18 he was loaned to Hapoel Afula until the end of the season from the Liga Leumit. On 6 December 2017 he was a partner in Hapoel Afula win in the Toto Cup Leumit, following a 3–0 win over Hapoel Ramat Gan at Grundman Stadium. By the end of the season he had made 34 league appearances. In season 2018–19 Gamon was loaned to Hapoel Afula until the end of the season from the Liga Leumit. Gamon made 20 league appearances and three more appearances in the State Cup, helping Hapoel Afula finish at the top of the table.
On July 11, 2019, Gamon was loaned to Hapoel Kfar Saba from the Israeli Premier League.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Hapoel Beer Sheva
Israeli Premier League: 2015–16
Israel Super Cup: 2016
Toto Cup: 2016-17
Hapoel Afula
Toto Cup Leumit : 2017–18
References
External links
Noam Gamon at Eurosport
1997 births
Living people
Israeli footballers
Israel youth international footballers
Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C. players
Hapoel Afula F.C. players
Hapoel Kfar Saba F.C. players
Hapoel Ra'anana A.F.C. players
Liga Leumit players
Israeli Premier League players
Association football wingers
Association football forwards
Corrin is the player avatar and main protagonist in Fire Emblem Fates. A Hoshidan prince/princess raised in Nohr, they are forced to decide which of two opposing nations to join, their birthplace or their adoptive homeland. Aside from their appearance in Fates, Corrin received more widespread attention from their playable appearances in Nintendo's Super Smash Bros. series of fighting games. Their character design and inherent personality traits were regarded positively by journalists, but their status as an "avatar" character in Fates received mixed reactions.
Characteristics
As a descendant of the First Dragons, Corrin carries ancient Dragon Blood and is able to tap the power of Dragon Veins to change the surrounding terrain. However, Corrin is special in that they can transform into a dragon. They carry a dragonstone to assume control of their transforming abilities. Corrin wields the legendary katana Yato, which is said to belong to a chosen warrior capable of bringing peace to the world. The Yato is capable of changing its form when drawing power from the other four legendary weapons: Brynhildr, Fujin Yumi, Siegfried, and Raijinto. These transformations occur depending on the game's path.
Corrin is an outgoing but soft-spoken person, and they display a strong credulousness and enthusiasm to make friends with everyone they come across. However, because of their childhood spent in isolation, they are also naive and have virtually no experience with the outside world, causing them to be incredibly curious about new sights and other people's affairs. Corrin has strong familial ties with both the Hoshidan and Nohrian royal families and are reluctant to make enemies of any of them. They demonstrate an extreme sense of mercifulness and are generally opposed to the idea of taking lives.
Fictional biography
Corrin was supposedly born to Sumeragi and Mikoto, the King and Queen of Hoshido, and had siblings in Ryoma (Hoshido's next-in-line), Hinoka, Takumi, and Sakura. Amidst a conflict between Hoshido and Nohr, Garon, the King of Nohr, trapped and assassinated Sumeragi, taking a baby Corrin under his wing and raising them as a member of Nohrian royalty alongside Xander (the crown prince), Camilla, Leo, and Elise. Corrin was confined within the walls of the Northern Fortress for fifteen years, and their memories were sealed away by a curse. During then, they only received the care of their retainers Flora, Felicia, Jakob, and their Nohrian siblings. In particular, Xander helped them train their swordsmanship skills.
One morning, Corrin is summoned by Xander for another training session, where they finally prove strong enough to win Garon's approval and be allowed to leave the Northern Fortress. Garon calls them to Castle Krakenburg in Windmire (Nohr's capital) and orders them to execute Hoshidan soldiers, including Kaze and Rinkah, giving them the cursed sword Ganglari. Corrin refuses, much to Garon's fury, but Xander and Leo step in and pretend to execute them themselves.
Garon orders Corrin to examine a fortress at the Bottomless Canyon alongside Nohrian generals Gunter and Hans to pardon their disobedience. Noticing that the fort is guarded by Hoshidan soldiers, Corrin and company start heading back, but Hans attacks Gunter and sends him falling into the Bottomless Canyon, much to Corrin's anger. The Ganglari flings Corrin into the canyon as well. Suddenly, Lilith, Corrin's stablehand, dives in after Corrin, transforming into an Astral Dragon to save them. She brings Corrin into the astral plane, where she establishes a place for Corrin to rest.
Once Corrin returns to the real world, they are ambushed and knocked out by Rinkah, then escorted by Kaze to Castle Shisaragi in Hoshido. Here, they meet Ryoma, their long-lost older brother, as well as their birth mother, Mikoto. Given Corrin's lack of memory, they meet Mikoto with indifference, not remembering her to be her birth mother. Word of Faceless humanoid beasts sent by Nohr attacking a nearby village reaches the castle, and Ryoma takes Corrin with him to fend them off. At the village, they meet with Hinoka and Sakura, who are similarly overjoyed by their long-lost sibling's return. Corrin later tours a nearby lake to collect their thoughts, where they meet Azura, a blue-haired songstress born in Nohr but kidnapped and raised in Hoshido.
A few days pass, and Corrin is still unable to recall any memory of her childhood. Mikoto still decides to introduce them to the people of Hoshido at the castle town. Suddenly, a hooded man approaches, calling the Ganglari into his hand. He plunges it into the ground, causing an immense explosion that destroys the town and injures the surrounding citizens. Shards of the blade are sent flying in Corrin's direction, but Mikoto jumps in and intercepts them, being fatally wounded in the process. Overcome with despair over Mikoto's death, Corrin transforms into a feral dragon and goes on a rampage. Azura approaches Corrin with her special pendant and song, managing to quell their rage. Corrin's memories come back, including those of Garon's assassination of Sumeragi. The Yato reveals itself from the destruction caused by the Ganglari and chooses Corrin as its wielder.
Mikoto's death causes the barrier around Hoshido that prevents incoming hostile attacks to disappear. Forces led by Nohrian royalty pursue Hoshido but are interrupted by the Hoshidan army, and Corrin finds themself at the center of the conflict. They must make a crucial, life-changing decision: stay in Hoshido to fight the Nohrian forces, return to Nohr and help them in their conquest of Hoshido, or take the hard road and refuse to pick sides.
Appearances
In Fire Emblem Fates
Corrin is an avatar character whose name, gender and appearance can be customized by the player. They are a member of the Hoshidan royal family, but were kidnapped by King Garon of Nohr as an infant. In the opening battle between the two kingdoms, Corrin's two families meet, and Corrin is forced to choose between siding with Hoshido and Nohr. In the "Birthright" and "Conquest" routes, Corrin chooses either their biological or adopted family, respectively. This causes them to be denounced by the other side, and they are gradually forced to fight them. If Corrin marries, they are also able to marry and parent children.
In other media
Both male and female Corrin appear in Fire Emblem Heroes with various alternate costumes, including outfits based on young Azura's dreams, "Fallen" versions (where their primal instincts grow out of control), and a "Legendary" version featuring female Corrin as a Nohr Noble. Corrin also appears in Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia as a special unit that can only be summoned via amiibo. Female Corrin is a supporting character in Fire Emblem Warriors, with Male Corrin being unlockable in History Mode; they have also received additional costumes via the Fire Emblem Fates downloadable content pack.
Outside the Fire Emblem series, Corrin is featured in Nintendo's Super Smash Bros. crossover fighting game series. They first appear as a playable character via paid downloadable content in Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U and return as an unlockable character in Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. Here, Corrin uses the Omega Yato, the Yato's strongest form, and some of their attacks involve changing parts of their body into those of their dragon forms.
Merchandise
To coincide with their appearance in Super Smash Bros., both male and female Corrin were released as Amiibo figures. Female Corrin has also received her own Nendoroid and Figma figures as well as a plush toy made by Sanei Boeki.
Reception
Marianne Penn of TheGamer rated Corrin the worst lord in the Fire Emblem series, praising the design of both genders as "unique", but calling them "a huge waste of potential" due to the game's "insane and laughable story". Describing their personality as "way too naive", she stated that Corrin is nevertheless "liked by almost everyone they meet" and that they have "no right to be a lord". Matthew Zawodniak of Nintendo World Report similarly criticized Corrin, taking issue with the "poor writing" attached to the character. However, he also acknowledged that, as the customizable avatar of the player, Corrin added more "personal stakes" to the player's relationship with both their allies and enemies, calling them a "conduit for the player to identify with the consequences of their choice."
In contrast, Amelia Fruzzetti of Nintendo Wire criticized Corrin's portrayal as an avatar instead of a full-fledged character, saying, "I enjoy Robin [the avatar in Fire Emblem Awakening] more when I consider him as his own entity rather than a reflection of myself. And when you get down to it, that's true of Corrin too." In turn, she notes that Corrin is passed off as "exceedingly, all-encompassingly special," citing that "the game will at times bend over backwards in defiance of reason in order to accentuate Corrin's greatness — and thus stroke the player's ego." Despite this, Fruzzetti praised Corrin's innate personality traits, saying that they would have been more likeable as a normal character rather than a representation of the player.
Patrick Hancock of Destructoid praised Corrin's inclusion in Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U, believing it helps them stand out from the game's other playable Fire Emblem characters. He stated that Corrin is distinguished by their ability to transform parts of their body into those of a dragon and that "surprisingly few of his moves actually use his sword." Calling Corrin "a well-rounded character", Hancock asserted that he "will likely see a lot of competitive play in the years to come".
In North American Fire Emblem character popularity polls running up to the release of Fire Emblem Heroes, Corrin was ranked number 9th out of all female characters and in the top 5 of a separate fan vote poll. In Famitsu's popularity poll for Fire Emblem Fates, male Corrin was ranked 5th of all male characters, and female Corrin was ranked 1st of all female characters. Corrin ranked 3rd in Nintendo Dream's Fire Emblem Fates popularity poll in the December 2015 issue. Gavin Jasper of Den of Geek ranked Corrin at 59th on his list of Super Smash Bros. Ultimate characters, criticized and stated that "Corrin felt fresh, but maybe not fresh enough for a DLC spot in Super Smash Bros. for Wii U," while Jeremy Parish of Polygon ranked 73 fighters from Super Smash Bros. Ultimate "from garbage to glorious", placing Corrin at 38th, also criticized and stated that "Another Fire Emblem fighter? Corrin is all decked out for serious combat, except they forgot their shoes."
Notes
References
Fire Emblem characters
Adoptee characters in video games
Dragon characters in video games
Fictional demigods
Fictional human hybrids
Fictional humanoids
Fictional swordfighters in video games
Fictional war veterans
LGBT characters in video games
Nintendo protagonists
Orphan characters in video games
Shapeshifter characters in video games
Role-playing video game characters
Super Smash Bros. fighters
Teenage characters in video games
Video game characters who use magic
Video game characters with water abilities
Video game characters introduced in 2015
Video game characters of selectable gender
Video game nobility
Video game protagonists
Fictional dragonslayers
Fictional bisexual females
Fictional bisexual males
Fictional defectors
Aaron Christopher Loup (born December 19, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball (MLB). He previously played in MLB for the Toronto Blue Jays, Philadelphia Phillies, San Diego Padres, Tampa Bay Rays and New York Mets. Born in Raceland, Louisiana, Loup played baseball at Hahnville High School and Tulane University, where he led his teams to several state playoff appearances and recorded a five-hit shutout. He was drafted by the Blue Jays out of Tulane in the ninth round of the 2009 draft.
After playing for three years with minor-league affiliates for the Toronto Blue Jays and being chosen for the 2012 Eastern League All-Star Game, Loup was called up to the Blue Jays as a replacement for Luis Pérez and retired all six batters he faced. He was later voted the 2012 Toronto Blue Jays Rookie of the Year by the Toronto chapter of the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA). Loup pitched 1 innings on Opening Day in 2013, and went on to win his first major league game on April 10 against the Detroit Tigers. He recorded his first two major league saves on April 12 and June 2, and led the Blue Jays to a win in an 18-inning game on June 8 after a pair of groundouts.
Loup is a southpaw whose pitching drastically improved after coaches told him to become a sidearm pitcher. His fastball has been noted as particularly effective against both left- and right-handed batters, but he continues to struggle with a changeup. Manager John Gibbons does not view Loup as a long reliever, but rather as a "situational, one-inning guy." He is known for his "relaxed" personality, which has improved after spending time with his teammates.
Early life
Loup was born on December 19, 1987, in Raceland, Louisiana. His father and grandfather influenced his baseball interest the most when he was young, and he says that it was "just all baseball all the time", with "a little football". Loup said that when he was 13, "My dad had me in the backyard almost every day—or at least it seemed that way. I was always doing something, whether it was pitching off the mound or hitting in the cage. I wanted to play baseball and knew that I needed to work hard to get there. As a kid, I needed to be reminded of that sometimes." His baseball role models growing up were Greg Maddux, John Smoltz, and Tom Glavine.
Loup played baseball at Hahnville High School, where he led the Hahnville Fighting Tigers to four state playoff appearances. As a sophomore, he threw a complete-game no-hitter against Terrebonne High School. He then attended Tulane University, where he majored in digital design and played for the Tulane Green Wave from freshman year until his junior year, when he was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays. As a freshman for the Green Wave, he held a 4.37 ERA and 36 strikeouts in 35 innings. As a sophomore, he held a 5.66 ERA in 47 innings, as well as pitching a perfect inning of relief on April 26, 2008. After the 2008 season, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Falmouth Commodores of the Cape Cod Baseball League. Before being drafted in his junior year, he had thrown 57 innings.
Professional career
Draft
The Blue Jays drafted Loup in the ninth round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft. Loup had shown a strong performance playing for the Tulane Green Wave and was the second Green Wave player to be drafted. Loup said of the event, "I had 20 people text message me before I even heard anything and then my phone rang and I got the call. It's exciting. They told me they would call me as soon as the draft was over and we would discuss details, so hopefully everything will shake out."
Minor league career
After the draft, Loup played for the Gulf Coast League Blue Jays in 2009. In the 2009 season, he held a 3.86 ERA and 19 strikeouts in 16 innings. In 2010, he was moved up to the Lansing Lugnuts, one of the Class A affiliates of the Blue Jays, where he held a 4.54 ERA and 73 strikeouts in 73 innings. On June 22, 2010, Loup was chosen a Mid-Season All-Star. He missed the last two months of the season with an unknown injury and began 2011 on the disabled list. In 2011, he was moved to the Dunedin Blue Jays, the Class A-Advanced Blue Jays affiliate, where he held a 4.66 ERA and 56 strikeouts in 65 innings.
In 2012, Loup joined the New Hampshire Fisher Cats, the double-A affiliate of the Toronto Blue Jays. There, he boasted 36 Eastern League appearances, a 2.84 ERA, and 43 strikeouts in 44 innings. After his teammate Sam Dyson was promoted to the Blue Jays, Loup was Dyson's replacement for the Minor League Baseball 2012 Eastern League All-Star Game.
Toronto Blue Jays
2012–2014
Loup began 2012 with the Fisher Cats. In the 2012 season, the Toronto Blue Jays used 32 different pitchers due to frequent injuries, and Loup was among these. He was called up to replace Luis Pérez on July 14 after Pérez tore his ulnar collateral ligament. In his debut, Loup retired all six batters he faced.
On August 3, Loup became the first pitcher in Blue Jays history to bat in an American League game, grounding out to begin the top of the 15th against the Oakland Athletics. Loup closed out the season posting a 0-2 record with a 2.64 ERA and 21 strikeouts in 30 innings. The Toronto chapter of the Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA) named him the Toronto Blue Jays 2012 Rookie of the Year that November.
Though he was considered one of the front-runners, there was still much competition for one of the limited 2013 bullpen spots as a relief pitcher. His main competition was seen as Brett Cecil and J. A. Happ. John Gibbons said, "How it best fits the team, how it all stacks up down there is really what it's going to come down to. But we're going to go with the best guy, not because guys are out of options." Reportedly, Loup learned that he had acquired one of the bullpen spots when Gibbons walked by his locker and said, "Oh, hey Loup—you made the team."
Loup pitched 1 innings of relief for the Blue Jays against the Cleveland Indians on Opening Day. On April 10, in a game against the Detroit Tigers, Loup recorded his first career win. On April 12, Loup recorded his first major league save in a game against the Kansas City Royals. He recorded a second major league save in a game against the San Diego Padres on June 2. On April 20, Loup committed a two-run throwing error in the 11th inning against the New York Yankees. During the first two months of the Blue Jays' lackluster 2013 season, Loup and other relief pitchers helped to keep the Blue Jays from more defeats. Loup was the ninth and final pitcher in an 18-inning game against the Texas Rangers on June 8. The game, the longest in Blue Jays history, resulted in a win after he gained a pair of groundouts. In another game against the Rangers on June 14, Loup pitched in the eighth inning and participated in a shutout. He ended the 2013 season with a 4–6 record, 2.47 ERA and 53 strikeouts in 69 innings.
Loup was one of eight pitchers in the bullpen for the Blue Jays' 2014 opening day. On April 20, he walked three consecutive batters for the first time in his career, and took the loss as the Blue Jays fell to the Cleveland Indians 6–4. On May 3, the Blue Jays announced that Loup would replace Sergio Santos as the team's closer until Casey Janssen returned from injury. After walking as many batters in three months as he had the entire last season, he regained confidence after pitching the last few innings of a game on June 4 that went from a 3–2 lead to an 8–2 win against the Detroit Tigers.
2015–2018
Loup took the loss in the Blue Jays' second game of the 2015 season. Entering with a 3–1 lead against the New York Yankees in the eighth inning, he loaded the bases without recording an out. All three runners would come in to score and Toronto would lose, 4–3. Loup experienced ineffectiveness throughout the season, posting an ERA over 5.00 into August. After a 3–1 win over the Yankees on August 16, he was optioned to the Triple-A Buffalo Bisons. He was recalled on September 1. For the season, he was 2-5 and had a 4.46 ERA.
On January 15, 2016, Loup and the Blue Jays avoided salary arbitration by agreeing to a one-year, $1.05 million contract. Loup began the 2016 season on the disabled list with a left forearm flexor strain. He began a rehab assignment with the Dunedin Blue Jays on May 14. On May 21, he was moved up to the Buffalo Bisons to continue rehabbing the injury. Loup was recalled on August 21. On August 27, he was placed on optional waivers. He accepted a minor league assignment the following day. For the season, he had a 5.02 ERA.
On January 13, 2017, Loup agreed to a one-year, $1.125 million contract for the 2017 season. He finished the season with a 2–3 record and a 3.75 ERA in 70 games, while giving up a career-high 4.5 walks per nine innings.
On January 12, 2018, Loup signed a one-year, $1.8125 million contract. For the 2018 season, he logged innings for the Blue Jays in 50 appearances, with a 4.54 ERA, while giving up a career-high 11.1 hits per nine innings, before being traded to Philadelphia.
Philadelphia Phillies
On July 31, 2018, Loup was traded to the Philadelphia Phillies in exchange for Jacob Waguespack.
San Diego Padres
On February 17, 2019, Loup signed a one-year contract with the San Diego Padres. He spent the majority of the season on the injured list following an elbow injury, and appeared in only four early-season games.
Tampa Bay Rays
On February 11, 2020, Loup signed a minor league deal with the Tampa Bay Rays. On July 16, the Rays added him to the 40-man roster after Austin Meadows tested positive for COVID-19. On August 16, Loup achieved a rare feat of being credited with two wins in one day, against the Toronto Blue Jays, his former team. This happened because the first game (which began on August 15) was suspended due to rain and completed a day later, and was followed by the game scheduled for August 16.
In 24 games with the Rays in 2020, Loup posted a 3–2 record with a 2.52 ERA with 22 strikeouts and an 0.840 WHIP across 25 innings. He made his second appearance in the postseason after 2015 as the Rays won the AL East. He pitched a scoreless inning in the deciding game of the American League Wild Card Series against the Blue Jays, and made four scoreless appearances in the American League Champion Series against the Houston Astros, helping the Rays advance to the 2020 World Series.
New York Mets
On January 30, 2021, Loup signed a one-year, $3 million deal with the Mets. On Opening Day with the Mets, while playing the Phillies, Loup forced in a run by hitting Bryce Harper with a pitch while the bases were loaded. Loup was brought in specifically to pitch against his fellow left-hander Harper. As the 2021 season progressed, Loup became one of the most reliable members of the Mets' bullpen, finishing the season with an ERA of 0.95 in innings pitched.
Los Angeles Angels
On November 22, 2021, Loup signed a two-year, $17 million contract with the Los Angeles Angels. He made his debut with the team on April 7, 2022, in a game against the Houston Astros, pitching one inning and striking out one in relief of Shohei Ohtani.
Scouting report
Defense
Due to his non-ideal size as a pitcher, some have seen issues in Loup's stamina and durability. His pitches can also come across as "a bit too hittable." But he is especially effective against left-handed batters. In 2013, Loup was viewed by the Blue Jays' manager John Gibbons as "not necessarily a long guy; he's a more situational, one-inning guy." Despite his shortcomings, Loup has the lowest walk rate among all major league pitchers who have pitched at least seventy innings since 2012, having walked only 2.6% of the batters he has faced. His consistency and endurance have made Loup the Blue Jays' most-used reliever, and he says "I'm one of those guys that if my body would let me, I would pitch every day."
Pitching style
Loup is a left-handed pitcher. He struggled at first with pitching until minor league pitching instructor Dane Johnson and Dunedin pitching coach Darold Knowles told him to lower his arm and become more of a sidearm pitcher. Now, as he pitches, he tracks a plane from his ear to his shoulder, which also helped his effectiveness against left-handed batters. His slider and fastball improved drastically, but his changeup continued to struggle, and Loup says he is still a little inconsistent with it. He can throw a low-90s "breaking" fastball that is just as effective against right-handed batters as left-handed ones. John Farrell, a previous Blue Jays manager, said that it was "[Loup's] poise and his presence that allows him to maintain not only composure, but the ability to execute." Blue Jays bullpen coach Pat Hentgen says that Loup "keeps things simple, he doesn't overthink. He stays aggressive. He's got a lot of guts, goes right after hitters and you combine all those things and you're going to have the success that he's had." One reporter compared Loup to Bran Flakes, saying, "[y]ou know exactly what you're going to get from him every time he takes the mound and he's not going to add any excitement to any situation."
Personal life
Loup married his high school sweetheart Leigh Ann. They have one child, a daughter named Sophie Harper Loup, born the weekend of August 24, 2013. Loup went on the paternity list for the Blue Jays on August 23, 2013, but was called back on August 26 due to the three-day paternity list limit. Loup and his wife spend the off-season at their Louisiana home. An avid bowhunter, Loup prefers hunting deer with a compound bow. He has also been known to fish and hunt with a gun in the off-season. He is known for having a quiet and reserved personality, but says that he has become "a little more comfortable" with his teammates by spending time and "connecting" with them, which he says contributes to his success.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Raceland, Louisiana
Baseball players from Louisiana
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Major League Baseball pitchers
Toronto Blue Jays players
Philadelphia Phillies players
San Diego Padres players
Tampa Bay Rays players
New York Mets players
Los Angeles Angels players
Tulane Green Wave baseball players
Falmouth Commodores players
Gulf Coast Blue Jays players
Lansing Lugnuts players
Dunedin Blue Jays players
New Hampshire Fisher Cats players
Phoenix Desert Dogs players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Cajun sportspeople
Eaglets (Swedish: Örnungar) is a 1944 Swedish drama film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Alice Babs, Lasse Dahlquist and Sten Lindgren. It was shot at the Centrumateljéerna Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director Bertil Duroj.
Cast
Alice Babs as Marianne Hedvall
Lasse Dahlquist as Erik Stenström
Sten Lindgren as Tor Hedvall
Stina Ståhle as Ester Lindeborg
Curt Masreliez as Gunnar Gyllencrona
Margareta Fahlén as Maj-Britt
Kaj Hjelm as Olle Svensson
Margaretha Bergström as Gullan Bring
Rune Halvarsson as Fingal Svensson
Harriett Philipson as Cecilia Käck
Åke Hylén as Olle Fryklöf
Julia Cæsar as Hulda
Carl Hagman as Major
Gunnel Wadner as Flower Girl
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1944 films
Swedish drama films
1944 drama films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
Corey Stewart may refer to:
Corey Stewart (politician) (born 1968), American politician
Corey Stewart (rugby league), Australian rugby league player active 1990–1993
See also
Corey Stuart, a fictional character from Lassie
Napoleon at Leipzig is a board wargame published by Operational Studies Group in 1979 that simulates the Battle of Leipzig.
Development and publication history
Napoleon at Leipzig was designed by Kevin Zucker, with artwork by Rick Barber, Larry Catalano, Louis Dumoulin, Charles Kibler, Ted Koller and Felicien von Myrbach-Rheinfeld, and was published by Operational Studies Group in 1979. Clash of Arms then bought the rights and published three editions, before Operational Studies Group regained the rights and published the 5th edition. Counting all editions, over 20,000 copies have been sold.
Gameplay
Napoleon at Leipzig is a two-player wargame focused on the Battle of Leipzig in 1813, where Napoleon's French forces were surrounded by a force twice its size.
Components
The game components of the first edition are:
two 22" x 34" 6-color mapsheets
400 1/2" counters, including 90 blanks
an 8-page rulebook
a 32-page study folder
an errata card
a 6-sided die
By comparison, the game components of the fifth edition are:
three maps (two 22" x 34", one 17" x 22")
560 1/2" counters
22-page rulebook
study folder
4-page folder with random card instructions
20 pages of charts, schedules and player aids
100 random event cards
Reception
In Issue 53 of Moves, Ian Chadwick didn't like the campaign game's Allied victory condition around the destruction of the Leipzig bridge, saying it did not reflect the actual battle. He also found many of the darker-colored counters difficult to read. But he concluded that overall "this is a good, playable game", and gave the game an "A" for playability, a "B" for historical accuracy, and a "C" for component quality.
In Issue 21 of Phoenix (September/October 1979), Doug Davies found the game components "physically rather disappointing" but in terms of simulation, playability and enjoyment, "it scores favourable marks." At the end of an in-depth examination of the game, he concluded, "All in all this is an excellent game which I would highly recommend. It succeeds in its prime objective of illustrating the command system of the Napoleonic era extremely effectively and does it in a style which makes it entertaining and enjoyable to play."
Retired Colonel Bill Gray reviewed the 5th edition for Wargamer, and his verdict was "Get the game." He even encouraged players who already owned a previous copy of the game to buy this edition: "The graphics are state of the art, the map is bigger for more maneuvers, the clash at Hanau is included as a bonus and the game system so radically updated as to nearly count as original." Gray admitted that although he collected wargames for research purposes, he rarely played them. "Napoleon at Leipzig is one game I will actually play, and play again." He concluded "As Russian Prince Pyotr Bagration said of the bold advance of the French 57th Ligne at Borodino, Bravo Messieurs, c'est superbe!"
Reviews
The Complete Book of Wargames
Awards
At the 1980 Origins Awards, Napoleon at Leipzig won the Charles S. Roberts Award for Best Pre-20th Century Game of 1979.
Other reviews and commentary
1st edition
Zone of Control #7
Moves #7
Fire & Movement #24
International Wargamer Vol. 5 #2
The Wargamer Vol. 1 #4
Panzerfaust #63
Space Gamer #50
Simulacrum #19
Battle Flag Vol. 1 #26
5th edition
Consimworld News/Board Game Geek
References
Clash of Arms games
Napoleonic Wars board wargames
Operational Studies Group games
Origins Award winners
Mount Kathleen () is a peak about high, being the central and highest summit of Ebony Ridge at the north end of the Commonwealth Range, Antarctica. It was discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1907–09, under Sir Ernest Shackleton, who named this feature for his eldest sister.
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Ronald Davis Bitton (February 22, 1930 – April 13, 2007) was a charter member and president of the Mormon History Association, professor of history at the University of Utah, and official Assistant Church Historian in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) working with Leonard J. Arrington.
Biography
Bitton was raised in the area of Blackfoot, Idaho. He started playing piano at age six and was a talented pianist. After two years at Brigham Young University (BYU), he served as an LDS missionary in France where he edited the church's L'Etoile periodical. While on his LDS mission he performed on the piano to assist in proselyting. He then served in the United States Army during the Korean War. Bitton returned to BYU where he was president of his Phi Alpha Theta chapter. While president of the Phi Alpha Theta chapter at BYU he invited Arrington to address the spring banquet. Arrington also wrote a letter of recommendation for Bitton during this time. He graduated in 1956 from BYU with a BA in history. Afterward, he studied at Princeton University; there he received a M.A. in 1958 and earned his Ph.D. in French History in 1961.
Bitton was a professor of history at the University of Texas at Austin until 1961 when he started teaching at the University of California, Santa Barbara. He then joined the University of Utah faculty in 1966 where he taught for 29 years until his retirement in 1995. Coming out of retirement, from 2005–2006 Bitton was a visiting professor at Brigham Young University Hawaii.
He was an original member and founder of the Mormon History Association in 1965 and he served as president from 1971–1972. Bitton served as an official Assistant Church Historian to Leonard J. Arrington from 1972–1982. Bitton referred to this time as "Camelot", an exciting time of unprecedented development of new Mormon historical research. Bitton published several works with Arrington. With Arrington's help, Bitton was appointed as a consultant for BYU to the newly created Joseph Fielding Smith Institute with an honorarium of $1,000 per year. However, this position only lasted two years before it was terminated.
Bitton married his wife Joan in 1984, and later in life they served together as guides on Temple Square for five years. He died at the age of 77 in Salt Lake City.
Awards and honors
Davis Bitton has been presented five awards by the MHA. His first award granted by the MHA was in 1975 for the Best Article By A Senior Author for his works Ritualization of Mormon History and The Making of a Community: Blackfoot, Idaho, 1878 to 1910. Two years later he won the Outstanding Bibliography Award for his Guide to Mormon Diaries and Autobiographies. In 1979, Arrington and Bitton were given the MHA Best Book Award for The Mormon Experience: A History of the Latterday Saints. For his biography on George Q. Cannon, Bitton was honored with the MHA Best Book Award in 1999; in 2006, the Mormon History Association awarded Bitton the Leonard J. Arrington Award for "distinguished and meritorious service to Mormon history."
Although his specialty was French history, Bitton made many contributions to Mormon history. Bitton was given the "Silver Award" from Dialogue: A Journal of Mormon Thought for an essay on B. H. Roberts. Bitton's biography of George Q. Cannon was described by Deseret News "as a definitive study of one of the most important of all Mormon leaders."
Published works
The following is only a partial list of Bitton's published works:
Books
Winner of Outstanding Bibliography Award (Mormon History Association)
Winner of Best Book Award (Mormon History Association)
Winner of Best Book Award (Mormon History Association) and Evans Biography Award (Utah State University)
Articles
Winner of Best Article by a Senior Author (Mormon History Association)
Notes
References
External links
Davis Bitton papers, MSS 7441 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Harold B. Lee Library, Brigham Young University
Archive link
Davis Bitton at the MLCA Database
Talk given by James B. Allen at Bitton's funeral: Davis Bitton: His Scholarship and Faith
1930 births
2007 deaths
20th-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
20th-century Mormon missionaries
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
American Latter Day Saint writers
American Mormon missionaries in France
Brigham Young University alumni
Brigham Young University–Hawaii faculty
Historians of France
Official historians of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
People from Blackfoot, Idaho
Princeton University alumni
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
University of Texas at Austin faculty
University of Utah faculty
Writers from Utah
Burials at Salt Lake City Cemetery
Latter Day Saints from Idaho
Latter Day Saints from New Jersey
Latter Day Saints from Texas
Latter Day Saints from California
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Harold B. Lee Library-related 20th century articles
20th-century American male writers
Valery Sigizmundavich Vyalichka (; ; born 12 September 1966) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer.
Club career
He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1984 for FC Dinamo Brest.
Referee career
After retirement he started a new career as a referee. Vyalichka is known to have officiated at international level during the period from 2002 to 2011.
Honours
Dinamo Minsk
Belarusian Premier League champion: 1992, 1992–93, 1993–94
Belarusian Cup winner: 1992, 1993–94
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Brest, Belarus
Soviet footballers
Belarusian footballers
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
K League 1 players
Belarusian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Belarusian football referees
Belarus international footballers
FC Dynamo Brest players
FC Baranovichi players
FC Dinamo Minsk players
Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C. players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod players
Seongnam FC players
Association football forwards
The men's 200 metres at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 31 August, and 1 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
1 September
Wind: -0.2 m/s
Semi-finals
31 August
Semi-final 1
Wind: -0.2 m/s
Semi-final 2
Wind: 0 m/s
Heats
31 August
Heat 1
Wind: 0.5 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: -1.5 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: -0.2 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: 0.2 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 26 athletes from 15 countries participated in the event.
(2)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
References
200 metres
200 metres at the European Athletics Championships
Allium flavescens is a Eurasian species of wild onion native to Bulgaria, Romania, Ukraine, European Russia, Western Siberia, Altay Krai, and Kazakhstan.
References
flavescens
Flora of Eastern Europe
Flora of temperate Asia
Plants described in 1879
Motunrayo Alaka (born 25 May 1981) is a Nigerian communication strategist, writer, gender advocate, and pastor.
Education
Alaka has a Master's degree in Diplomacy and Strategic Studies from the University of Lagos, and a Bachelor's in Political Science from the Ekiti State University formerly known as the University of Ado-Ekiti.
She became a Stanford University Draper Hills fellow in 2018. She is also a John S. Knight Journalism fellow (class of 2019–2020), being one of the seven journalists selected from across the world for the Stanford University journalism fellowship. She was one of the two Africans who made the list and she was the only Nigerian selected.
Career
Between 2008 and 2018, Alaka served as the first Coordinator of the Wole Soyinka Centre for Investigative Journalism which was established in 2005 in furtherance of investigative journalism. She currently serves as the executive director and chief executive officer of the centre, a position she assumed in 2019. She is also a board member of the Centre for Collaborative Investigative Journalism, a not-for-profit media organization.
References
Living people
1981 births
University of Lagos alumni
The waterskiing competitions at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines were held at Deca Wakeboard Park from 6 to 8 December 2019.
Medal table
Medalists
References
External links
2019 Southeast Asian Games events
Waterskiing at the Southeast Asian Games
2019 in water skiing
Lutsk Gymnasium # 21 after Mikhail Kravchuk (urkr. Луцька гімназія №21 імені Михайла Кравчука) is an elementary (grades 1-4), middle (grades 5-9) and high (grades 10-11) school with the specialization in some subjects, determined yearly according to the students' and parents' wishes, recommendations of senior teachers and a staff psychologist.
Teaching Stuff
Teaching stuff includes 110 teachers, working in 8 subject streams
Events
1996 — school visited by Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada
1998 — school visited by President of Ukraine
2010 — President of Ukraine signed an order of commemorating a student of grade 11, Borodkina Natalia with a Taras Shevchenko stipend.
2014 — Gymnasium # 21 is the only school in the city of Lutsk to make in to the list of top 50 Ukrainian schools.
References
http://www.volynnews.com/news/society/ianukovych__nahorodyv_luchanku-shkolyarku_stypendiyeyu/
Education in Lutsk
Schools in Ukraine
Alex Macintosh (18 November 1925 – 7 September 1997) was a BBC presenter and continuity announcer from the mid-1950s to the mid-1970s. He was also the voice artist heard during the first British-broadcast advertisement, for Gibbs SR Toothpaste on ITV, 22 September 1955.
Career
Macintosh was a BBC TV in-vision announcer from 1955 to 1961, which led to him becoming a presenter on other BBC programmes.
Other work included a spell as a regional presenter on Come Dancing (between 1957 and 1966; and again 1968–1972). In 1962, he guest-starred in an episode of Brian Rix's Dial RIX as a host of "Come Prancing."
In 1957 he played a TV Interviewer in There's Always a Thursday.
In addition to BBC work, Macintosh's voice was heard on the very first advert for Gibbs SR Toothpaste that was shown at 8.12pm on the opening night of ITV on 22 September 1955.
In 1961, he presented the London area news magazine Town and Around, and was a relief newsreader in March 1961.
In 1962, he played the part of Paul Kay, newspaper reporter, in Dead Man's Evidence.
Macintosh also took many supporting roles in a variety of TV programmes, often as a TV reporter, interviewer or newsreader, in which guise he appeared in episodes of R3 (1965), The Troubleshooters (1969) and Doctor Who (Day of the Daleks) (1972).
Later life
After a considerable stint with the BBC, Macintosh worked for an Australian TV company in Sydney, before retiring to Norfolk where he pursued an interest in portrait painting.
Quotes
References
External links
Whirligig TV: "Interludes and Announcers"
1925 births
1997 deaths
Radio and television announcers
British television presenters
C.O.R.E. is a first-person shooter video game by Polish developer NoWay Studio that was released in Europe on March 27, 2009 and in North America on August 11, 2009.
Story
The story begins in the year 2028, when a massive meteor impacts California's Mojave Desert. Over the next two decades, an underground research facility is built to examine the extraterrestrial origins and the bizarre effects that the meteor is having on the natural environment and the people who come in contact with it. The game takes place twenty years after the meteor's arrival on Earth, 2048, when all communications are lost with the C.O.R.E. facility. The Special Technologies Unit, an elite unit of U.S. marines are sent in to investigate and re-establish contact. The player takes control of the marine Jason Crane. Crane fights his way through several levels when most of his fellow soldiers are killed or mutated, including his captain. In the main laboratories, Crane discovers ARG radiation, which is capable of speeding up chemical reactions or slowing them down to an "almost lack of existence." Once Crane reaches the command center, he encounters and kills Colonel R. Nightley. Nightley then sets off a self-destruct protocol and destroys the facility. Crane is able to escape into the service tunnels and makes his way to a cave system. At the end of the caves, he finds the meteor that crashed twenty years earlier. His weapons are absorbed by the meteor and Crane is teleported inside of it. The meteor turns out to be an alien ship. Several of the occupants come out of stasis and restore power to the ship. Crane however manages to destroy the ship's core and escape. After completion of the game an epilogue is viewed that shows that Crane is watching as the alien ship lifts out of the ground. It then shows that there are thousands of other ships emerging all over the world. The game ends on a note that, "and so the war begins," implying a possible sequel.
Multiplayer
The multiplayer game mode allows the players play as an orange, green, blue, or red teams. The game modes are team arena, team death match, capture the flag, and free for all.
Weapons
The game includes 8 different weapons: a pistol, shotgun, assault rifle, plasma rifle, beam rifle, shock rifle, rocket launcher, and an unspecified weapon. The game has jumping, full-scale 360 degree movement/view and alternate fire modes for some of the weapons.
Reception
The game received generally negative reviews upon release and has a Metacritic score of 44/100 based on 16 reviews. Tom Mc Shea, writing for GameSpot, gave the game a 3.5/10 citing poor level design, controls, and combat.
Sources
External links
IGN Summary
2009 video games
Alien abduction in video games
Alien invasions in video games
First-person shooters
Military science fiction video games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Science fiction video games
Video games about extraterrestrial life
Video games developed in Poland
Video games set in the 2020s
Video games set in the 2040s
Drauma-Jóns saga (the story of Dream-Jón) is one of the medieval Icelandic chivalric sagas, written in Old Norse around the early fourteenth century. It is a comparatively short work compared to others of the genre, and is really more an exemplum than a saga, similar in this respect to the chivalric saga Clarus saga and the ævintýri ('exempla') associated with Jón Halldórsson. The work has been attributed to the monk Bergr Sokkason, abbot of Munkaþverá; at any rate it seems characteristic of the work of the North Icelandic Benedictine School. It was a very popular story, to judge by the number of surviving manuscripts discovered: five on parchment and 45 on paper, with one prominent manuscript being AM 510 4to. The tale may have Oriental origins.
Synopsis
Kalinke and Mitchell summarise the saga thus:
The saga relates the fortunes of Jón, a young farmer, who has the gift not only of interpreting dreams, but of divining the dreams of others before they are told. Earl Heinrekr of Saxland, who also interprets dreams, envies Jon's superior ability. By eating Jón's heart, the earl hopes to acquire Jón's gift, so he commands his wife Ingibjǫrg to murder Jón in his sleep, cut out his heart, and prepare it as food for a meal. Ingibjǫrg spares Jón, however, and substitutes the heart of a dog. A waxen image of Jón is buried in his stead. The earl's treachery comes to light when his brother-in-law, the emperor of Saxland, arrives seeking interpretation of an unusual dream. He learns the truth about Jón from Ingibjǫrg. Subsequently, the earl is banished, while Jón receives the earldom and weds Ingibjǫrg.
Manuscripts
The three earliest manuscripts of the saga, all dating from c. 1400, are AM 335 4°, AM 567 4°, and AM 657 4°. All appear to derive independently from an earlier version of the saga, as do many of the later manuscripts. A complete stemma has not been formulated. Kalinke and Mitchell identified the following manuscripts of the saga:
Arnamagnæan Institute, Copenhagen:
AM 397, fol. (late 18th c)
AM 335, 4° (ca. 1400), vellum
AM 510,4° (late 15th c), vellum
AM 567, 4° (early 15th c), vellum, 1 leaf
AM 575b, 4° (late 17th c)
AM 657 a-b, 4° (late 14th c), vellum, defective ending
AM 123, 8° (ca. 1600), vellum, defective beginning
Rask 32 (late 18th c)
Rask 35 (18th c.)
Royal Library, Copenhagen:
Kall 614, 4° (18th c.)
The British Library, London:
Add. 4860, fol. (18th c)
Add. 24,969, fol. (ca. 1731)
National Library, Reykjavik:
Lbs 679, 4° (ca. 1834)
Lbs 715, 4° (1670–80)
Lbs 878, 4° (1886–87)
Lbs 998, 4° (ca. 1860)
Lbs 1492, 4° (1880–1905)
Lbs 1626, 4° (1883)
Lbs 1637, 4° (ca. 1780)
Lbs 1656, 4° (1884–85)
Lbs 2152, 4° (late 19th c)
Lbs 2319, 4° (1727–29)
Lbs 3128, 4° (1885), resumé
Lbs 3165, 4° (1870–71)
Lbs 4491, 4° (1885)
Lbs 479, 8° (ca. 1800)
Lbs 1137, 8° (19th c)
Lbs 1726, 8° (1769)
Lbs 1783, 8° (1780)
Lbs 2041, 8° (ca. 1780-90)
Lbs 2232, 8° (18th–19th c)
Lbs 2319, 8° (late 18th c)
Lbs 2484, 8° (ca. 1852)
Lbs 2892, 8° (18th–19th c)
Lbs 3713, 8° (18th–19th c)
Lbs 4008, 8°
JS 27, fol. (ca. 1670)
JS 29, fol. (1782–90)
JS 87, 4° (1780–90)
JS 635, 4° (17th-19th c)
JS 47, 8° (ca. 1840)
IB 210, 4° (1841)
IB 277, 4° (1833–34)
IB 162, 8° (1840)
IB 184, 8° (18th–19th c)
IB 224, 8° (ca. 1750)
IBR 41, 8° (19th c)
IBR 42, 8° (19th c)
Stofnun Arna Magnússonar, Reykjavik
Uncat. MS. "Þáttur af Drauma-Jóni" (1912)
Private Collection, Iceland
Sveinn Björnsson, Hvammur, Dalir: MS. 1 (ca. 1880)
Royal Library, Stockholm:
Papp. fol. nr 1 (early 17th c)
Papp. fol. no. 47 (1690–91)
Papp. 4:o nr 15 (late 17th c)
Papp. 4:o nr 22 (17th c)
Editions and translations
Gering, Hugo, ed. "Drauma-Jóns saga." Zeitschrift für deutsche Philologie, 26 (1894), 289-309, https://archive.org/details/zeitschriftfrdph26berluoft. A critical edition in normalised Old Norse spelling based on AM 335 4°, AM 510 4°, AM 657 4° and AM 567 4°, characterised by Page as 'not free from misreadings'.
'Drauma-Jons saga', in Riddarasögur, ed. by Bjarni Vilhjálmsson, 6 vols (Reykjavík: Íslendingasagnaútgáfan, 1949-1951), vi 147-70. A modern-spelling version of Gering's text.
Page, R. I., ed. 'Drauma-Jóns saga', Nottingham Medieval Studies, 1 (1957), 22-56, . A diplomatic edition based on AM 335 4°, with complete variants from AM 657 4° and AM 567 4°, and selected variants from AM 657 4°, AM 567 4°, and AM 123 8°.
References
Chivalric sagas
Icelandic literature
Old Norse literature
The 1930 Dartmouth Indians football team was an American football team that represented Dartmouth College as an independent during the 1930 college football season. In their fourth season under head coach Jackson Cannell, the Indians compiled a 7–1–1 record, shut out five of nine opponents, and outscored opponents by a total of 301 to 43.
Harold Andres was the team captain. Willard C. Wolff was the team's leading scorer with 43 points scored on six touchdowns and seven extra points. William H. Morton added 42 points on seven touchdowns.
Schedule
References
Dartmouth
Dartmouth Big Green football seasons
Dartmouth Indians football
The Chonos Metamorphic Complex is an accretionary complex composed of metamorphic rocks located in western Aysén Region, Chile. The deposition of the sedimentary protoliths occurred in the Triassic and they were later metamorphosed in the Jurassic. The formation has been subdivided into a highly deformed Western belt and an Eastern belt where sedimentary structures are preserved.
Fossils of Late Triassic bivalve species Monotis (Pacimonotis) aff. subcircularis and Lima sp. has been found in Chonos Metamorphic Complex, the first one in the Potranca Formation.
References
Geology of Aysén Region
Metamorphic complexes
Lithodemic units of Chile
La Feria High School (LFHS) is a public high school located in La Feria, Texas, United States. It is the sole high school in the La Feria Independent School District. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
LFHS was said to have been racially integrated first in 1957, making the class of 1959 the first integrated class in the state of Texas to graduate.
Athletics
The La Feria Lions compete in the following sports:
Baseball
Basketball
Cross-country
Football
Golf
Powerlifting
Soccer
Softball
Tennis
Track and field
Volleyball
References
External links
High schools in Cameron County, Texas
Public high schools in Texas
The H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering is a department in the Georgia Institute of Technology's College of Engineering dedicated to education and research in industrial engineering. The school is named after H. Milton Stewart, a local philanthropist and successful businessman who formerly graduated from the BSIE undergraduate program.
Unlike similar programs at other schools, the School of Industrial and Systems Engineering at Georgia Tech focuses on core disciplines for both Industrial Engineering (such as manufacturing and quality control) and Systems Engineering (such as global logistics and system optimization). U.S. News & World Report consistently ranks the program at number 1.
External links
Official website
Georgia Tech colleges and schools
Industrial engineering
The 2003 MTV Video Music Awards aired live on August 28, 2003, honoring the best music videos from June 1, 2002, to June 9, 2003. The show was hosted by Chris Rock at the Radio City Music Hall in New York City. The ceremony is best remembered for Madonna kissing Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera during the show's opening performance.
Background
MTV announced on June 25 that the 2003 Video Music Awards would be held on August 28 at Radio City Music Hall and hosted by Chris Rock. Nominees were announced on July 24. The ceremony broadcast was preceded by the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards Opening Act. Hosted by Kurt Loder and SuChin Pak with reports from John Norris, Iann Robinson, Sway, and Gideon Yago, the broadcast featured red carpet interviews, pre-taped features on the career of Johnny Cash and a comparison between Eminem and 50 Cent, and performances from Sean Paul and Black Eyed Peas.
Performances
Presenters
Pre-show
Kurt Loder and SuChin Pak – announced the winners of the professional categories
Carmen Electra, Dave Navarro and Iann Robinson – presented Breakthrough Video and Best Direction in a Video
Main show
LeBron James and Ashanti – presented Best Hip-Hop Video
Tony Hawk and Bam Margera – introduced Good Charlotte
Kelly Clarkson and Ludacris – presented Best R&B Video
Amy Lee, Ben Moody and Sean Paul – presented Best Video from a Film
Crank Yankers – appeared in different vignettes presenting Viewer's Choice Award voting procedures
Nelly and Murphy Lee – introduced Christina Aguilera
OutKast and Iggy Pop – presented the MTV2 Award
David Spade and Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen – presented Best Pop Video
P. Diddy – introduced Run-D.M.C. and presented Best Rap Video with them
Hilary Duff, Lil Jon and Jason Biggs – presented Best Group Video
Eminem and "Special Ed" (from Crank Yankers) – introduced 50 Cent
Jimmy Fallon and the cast from Queer Eye for the Straight Guy – presented Best Female Video
Fred Durst – introduced Jack Black and presented Best Rock Video with him
DMX – introduced Mary J. Blige
Kelly Osbourne and Avril Lavigne – presented the Lifetime Achievement Award to Duran Duran and presented Best Dance Video with them
Justin Timberlake – introduced Coldplay
Venus and Serena Williams – presented Best Male Video
Mýa and Pamela Anderson – presented Best New Artist in a Video
Pharrell and Chester Bennington – introduced Beyoncé
Ben Stiller and Drew Barrymore – presented Viewer's Choice
Adam Sandler and Snoop Dogg (with Bishop Don "Magic" Juan) – presented Video of the Year
Winners and nominees
Nominees were selected by a group of approximately 5,000 viewers and members of the music industry. Winners in general and professional categories were selected by a group of 500 members of the music industry. Winners of the Viewer's Choice award and the MTV2 Award were selected by viewers. Voting for the MTV2 Award and Viewer's Choice award was conducted on MTV's website and, in the case of the latter award, through phone voting that continued through the ceremony broadcast.
Winners are in bold text.
See also
2003 MTV Europe Music Awards
References
External links
Official MTV site
2003
MTV Video Music Awards
MTV Video Music Awards
MTV Video Music Awards
In mathematical physics, the concept of quantum spacetime is a generalization of the usual concept of spacetime in which some variables that ordinarily commute are assumed not to commute and form a different Lie algebra. The choice of that algebra still varies from theory to theory.
As a result of this change some variables that are usually continuous may become discrete.
Often only such discrete variables are called "quantized"; usage varies.
The idea of quantum spacetime was proposed in the early days of quantum theory by Heisenberg and Ivanenko as a way to eliminate infinities from quantum field theory.
The germ of the idea passed from Heisenberg to Rudolf Peierls, who noted that electrons in a magnetic field can be regarded as moving in a quantum spacetime, and to Robert Oppenheimer, who carried it to Hartland Snyder,
who published the first concrete example.
Snyder's Lie algebra was made simple by C. N. Yang in the same year.
Overview
Physical spacetime is a quantum spacetime when in quantum mechanics position and momentum variables are already noncommutative, obey the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, and are continuous.
Because of the Heisenberg uncertainty relations, greater energy is needed to probe smaller distances.
Ultimately, according to gravity theory, the probing particles form black holes that destroy what was to be measured. The process cannot be repeated, so it cannot be counted as a measurement.
This limited measurability led many to expect that our usual picture of continuous commutative spacetime breaks down at Planck scale distances, if not sooner.
Again, physical spacetime is expected to be quantum because physical coordinates are already slightly noncommutative.
The astronomical coordinates of a star are modified by gravitational fields between us and the star, as in the deflection of light by the sun, one of the classic tests of general relativity.
Therefore, the coordinates actually depend on gravitational field variables.
According to quantum theories of gravity these field variables do not commute;
therefore coordinates that depend on them likely do not commute.
Both arguments are based on pure gravity and quantum theory, and they limit the measurement of time
by the only time constant in pure quantum gravity, the Planck time.
Our instruments, however, are not purely gravitational but are made of particles. They may set a more severe, larger, limit than the Planck time.
Criteria
Quantum spacetimes are often described mathematically using the noncommutative geometry of Connes,
quantum geometry, or quantum groups.
Any noncommutative algebra with at least four generators could be interpreted as a quantum spacetime, but
the following desiderata have been suggested:
Local Lorentz group and Poincaré group symmetries should be retained, possibly in a generalised form. Their generalisation often takes the form of a quantum group acting on the quantum spacetime algebra.
The algebra might plausibly arise in an effective description of quantum gravity effects in some regime of that theory. For example, a physical parameter , perhaps the Planck length, might control the deviation from commutative classical spacetime, so that ordinary Lorentzian spacetime arises as .
There might be a notion of quantum differential calculus on the quantum spacetime algebra, compatible with the (quantum) symmetry and preferably reducing to the usual differential calculus as .
This would permit wave equations for particles and fields and facilitate predictions for experimental deviations from classical spacetime physics that can then be tested experimentally.
The Lie algebra should be semisimple. This makes it easier to formulate a finite theory.
Models
Several models were found in the 1990s more or less meeting most of the above criteria.
Bicrossproduct model spacetime
The bicrossproduct model spacetime was introduced by Shahn Majid and Henri Ruegg and has Lie algebra relations
for the spatial variables and the time variable . Here has dimensions of time and is therefore expected to be something like the Planck time. The Poincaré group here is correspondingly deformed, now to a certain bicrossproduct quantum group with the following characteristic features.
The momentum generators commute among themselves but addition of momenta, reflected in the quantum group structure, is deformed (momentum space becomes a non-abelian group). Meanwhile, the Lorentz group generators enjoy their usual relations among themselves but act non-linearly on the momentum space. The orbits for this action are depicted in the figure as a cross-section of against one of the . The on-shell region describing particles in the upper center of the image would normally be hyperboloids but these are now 'squashed' into the cylinder
in simplified units. The upshot is that Lorentz-boosting a momentum will never increase it above the Planck momentum. The existence of the highest momentum scale or lowest distance scale fits the physical picture. This squashing comes from the non-linearity of the Lorentz boost and is an endemic feature of bicrossproduct quantum groups known since their introduction in 1988. Some physicists dub the bicrossproduct model doubly special relativity, since it sets an upper limit to both speed and momentum.
Another consequence of the squashing is that the propagation of particles is deformed, even of light, leading to a variable speed of light. This prediction requires the particular to be the physical energy and spatial momentum (as opposed to some other function of them). Arguments for this identification were provided in 1999 by Giovanni Amelino-Camelia and Majid through a study of plane waves for a quantum differential calculus in the model. They take the form
in other words a form which is sufficiently close to classical that one might plausibly believe the interpretation. At the moment such wave analysis represents the best hope to obtain physically testable predictions from the model.
Prior to this work there were a number of unsupported claims to make predictions from the model based solely on the form of the Poincaré quantum group. There were also claims based on an earlier -Poincaré quantum group introduced by Jurek Lukierski and co-workers which should be viewed as an important precursor to the bicrossproduct one, albeit without the actual quantum spacetime and with different proposed generators for which the above picture does not apply. The bicrossproduct model spacetime has also been called -deformed spacetime with .
q-Deformed spacetime
This model was introduced independently by a team working under Julius Wess in 1990 and by Shahn Majid and coworkers in a series of papers on braided matrices starting a year later. The point of view in the second approach is that usual Minkowski spacetime has a nice description via Pauli matrices as the space of 2 x 2 hermitian matrices. In quantum group theory and using braided monoidal category methods one has a natural q-version of this defined here for real values of as a 'braided hermitian matrix' of generators and relations
These relations say that the generators commute as thereby recovering usual Minkowski space. One can work with more familiar variables as linear combinations of these. In particular, time
is given by a natural braided trace of the matrix and commutes with the other generators (so this model has a very different flavour from the bicrossproduct one). The braided-matrix picture also leads naturally to a quantity
which as returns us the usual Minkowski distance (this translates to a metric in the quantum differential geometry). The parameter or is dimensionless and is thought to be a ratio of the Planck scale and the cosmological length. That is, there are indications that this model relates to quantum gravity with non-zero cosmological constant, the choice of depending on whether this is positive or negative. We have described the mathematically better understood but perhaps less physically justified positive case here.
A full understanding of this model requires (and was concurrent with the development of) a full theory of 'braided linear algebra' for such spaces. The momentum space for the theory is another copy of the same algebra and there is a certain 'braided addition' of momentum on it expressed as the structure of a braided Hopf algebra or quantum group in a certain braided monoidal category). This theory by 1993 had provided the corresponding -deformed Poincaré group as generated by such translations and -Lorentz transformations, completing the interpretation as a quantum spacetime.
In the process it was discovered that the Poincaré group not only had to be deformed but had to be extended to include dilations of the quantum spacetime. For such a theory to be exact we would need all particles in the theory to be massless, which is consistent with experiment as masses of elementary particles are indeed vanishingly small compared to the Planck mass. If current thinking in cosmology is correct then this model is more appropriate, but it is significantly more complicated and for this reason its physical predictions have yet to be worked out.
Fuzzy or spin model spacetime
This refers in modern usage to the angular momentum algebra
familiar from quantum mechanics but interpreted in this context as coordinates of a quantum space or spacetime. These relations were proposed by Roger Penrose in his earliest spin network theory of space. It is a toy model of quantum gravity in 3 spacetime dimensions (not the physical 4) with a Euclidean (not the physical Minkowskian) signature. It was again proposed in this context by Gerardus 't Hooft. A further development including a quantum differential calculus and an action of a certain 'quantum double' quantum group as deformed Euclidean group of motions was given by Majid and E. Batista
A striking feature of the noncommutative geometry here is that the smallest covariant quantum differential calculus has one dimension higher than expected, namely 4, suggesting that the above can also be viewed as the spatial part of a 4-dimensional quantum spacetime. The model should not be confused with fuzzy spheres which are finite-dimensional matrix algebras which one can think of as spheres in the spin model spacetime of fixed radius.
Heisenberg model spacetimes
The quantum spacetime of Hartland Snyder proposes that
where to generate the Lorentz group. This quantum spacetime and that of C. N. Yang entail a radical unification of spacetime, energy-momentum, and angular momentum.
The idea was revived in a modern context by Sergio Doplicher, Klaus Fredenhagen and John Roberts in 1995
by letting simply be viewed as some function of as defined by the above relation, and any relations involving it viewed as higher order relations among the . The Lorentz symmetry is arranged so as to transform the indices as usual and without being deformed.
An even simpler variant of this model is to let here be a numerical antisymmetric tensor, in which context it is usually denoted , so the relations are . In even dimensions , any nondegenerate such theta can be transformed to a normal form in which this really is just the Heisenberg algebra but the difference that the variables are being proposed as those of spacetime. This proposal was for a time quite popular because of its familiar form of relations and because it has been argued that it emerges from the theory of open strings landing on D-branes, see noncommutative quantum field theory and Moyal plane. However, this D-brane lives in some of the higher spacetime dimensions in the theory and hence it is not our physical spacetime that string theory suggests being effectively quantum in this way. You also have to subscribe to D-branes as an approach to quantum gravity in the first place. Even when posited as quantum spacetime it is hard to obtain physical predictions and one reason for this is that if is a tensor then by dimensional analysis it should have dimensions of length, and if this length is speculated to be the Planck length then the effects would be even harder to ever detect than for other models.
Noncommutative extensions to spacetime
Although not quantum spacetime in the sense above, another use of noncommutative geometry is to tack on 'noncommutative extra dimensions' at each point of ordinary spacetime. Instead of invisible curled up extra dimensions as in string theory, Alain Connes and coworkers have argued that the coordinate algebra of this extra part should be replaced by a finite-dimensional noncommutative algebra. For a certain reasonable choice of this algebra, its representation and extended Dirac operator, one is able to recover the Standard Model of elementary particles. In this point of view the different kinds of matter particles are manifestations of geometry in these extra noncommutative directions. Connes's first works here date from 1989 but has been developed considerably since then. Such an approach can theoretically be combined with quantum spacetime as above.
See also
Quantum group
Quantum geometry
Noncommutative geometry
Quantum gravity
Anabelian topology
References
Further reading
R. P. Grimaldi, Discrete and Combinatorial Mathematics: An Applied Introduction, 4th Ed. Addison-Wesley 1999.
J. Matousek, J. Nesetril, Invitation to Discrete Mathematics. Oxford University Press 1998.
Taylor E. F., John A. Wheeler, Spacetime Physics, publisher W. H. Freeman, 1963.
External links
Plus Magazine article on quantum geometry by Marianne Freiberger
Mathematical physics
ASAPROSAR (Asociación Salvadoreña Pro-Salud Rural - The Salvadoran Association for Rural Health) is a non-governmental organization that provides health, education, environment and economic development programs in El Salvador.
History
ASAPROSAR was founded in 1986 by Dr. Vicky Guzmán. The organization developed out of Dr. Guzmán's work providing health services and training to rural communities in her native El Salvador in the 1970s. Founded during the Salvadoran Civil War, ASAPROSAR continued Dr. Guzman's work providing health services to the rural poor. In the 1990s, ASAPROSAR developed a post conflict resolution program that sought to help reintegrate ex-combatants from the civil war into society.
Headquartered in Santa Ana, El Salvador, ASAPROSAR has over 200 local employees in the education, health and social work fields. ASAPROSAR also has staff and volunteers based in the United States. Today, ASAPROSAR serves more than 150,000 people in El Salvador.
Programs
Community Health: Focuses on preventive medicine, basic sanitation as well as HIV/AIDS education and prevention.
Visual Health: A permanent clinic in Santa Ana and a mobile eye unit provide eye exams, glasses and surgery to low-income families at subsidized rates. Annually, doctors and nurses from the United States volunteer their services with ASAPROSAR in El Salvador.
Children and Youth: ASAPROSAR has developed two education programs, a rural preschool program and an urban youth program. "Sprouts of Hope" is a rural preschool program that provides a nutritious lunch and engages both parents and children in understanding the importance of education, good nutrition and sanitation. "Barefoot Angels" is an Urban Youth Program that focuses on reducing child labor and school drop-out for kids between 7 and 18 years old. Tutoring, computer training, language classes, health education and recreational activities are integral parts of the curriculum.
Microcredit: ASAPROSAR has implemented two microcredit programs. The Rural Microcredit program is based on the Grameen Bank model and only women are eligible to form groups and receive loans to develop small businesses. The Urban-Micro Enterprise program supports small business loans for entrepreneurs.
Environment: ASAPROSAR supports and manages La Magdalena forest reserve as well as educating children and local communities about the environment and sustainability.
References
External links and additional references
RECONSTRUCCIÓN DEL PROYECTO "ESCUELAS QUE EDUCAN Y SANAN" Paper referencing ASAPROSAR's work in leadership training and education. In Spanish. Retrieved 6/23/2011.
El Salvador Online Newspaper Article In Spanish. Retrieved 6/14/2011.
Seattle International Foundation Grantees In English. Retrieved 6/14/2011.
Latrine Project in La Magdalena In English. Retrieved 6/23/2011.
Volunteer Group from United States Visit ASAPROSAR In English. Retrieved 6/14/2011.
Barefoot Angels Volunteer In English. Retrieved 6/24/2011.
Organizations established in 1986
Medical and health organizations based in El Salvador
1986 establishments in El Salvador
Santa Ana, El Salvador
Perirehaedulus richardsi is a species of trilobites named after British musician Keith Richards.
See also
Aegrotocatellus jaggeri - a species of trilobite named after Mick Jagger
Anomphalus jaggerius - a species of snail named after Jagger
Jaggermeryx naida, extinct species of semiaquatic anthracothere after Jagger
List of organisms named after famous people (born 1900–1949)
References
Encrinuridae
Fossil taxa described in 1995
Keith Richards
WCPO-TV (channel 9) is a television station in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, affiliated with ABC. It is the flagship television property of locally based E. W. Scripps Company, which has owned the station since its inception. WCPO-TV's studios are located in the Mount Adams neighborhood of Cincinnati next to the Elsinore Arch, and its transmitter is located in the Mount Auburn section of the city.
History
Early history
The station first signed on the air at noon ET on July 26, 1949, and the first face seen was Big Jim Stacey. Originally operating on VHF channel 7, it was Cincinnati's third television station. The call letters came from The Cincinnati Post, who also owned WCPO radio (1230 AM, now WDBZ and 105.1 FM, now WUBE). The station was then owned by Scripps-Howard Newspapers. It was the third television station to be founded by the E. W. Scripps Company, as sister station WEWS-TV in Cleveland signed on over a year-and-a-half before, and WMC-TV in Memphis signed on the year before, although Scripps would divest that station to Ellis Communications in 1993.
The station was originally a primary ABC affiliate and a secondary DuMont Television Network affiliate. With DuMont's demise in 1956, WCPO was left with just ABC until it swapped affiliations with WKRC-TV (channel 12) in 1961, becoming a CBS affiliate. This deal came because WKRC-TV's owner, Taft Broadcasting, had developed very good relations with ABC. Following the release of the FCC's Sixth Report and Order in 1952, all of Cincinnati's VHF stations changed channel positions. WCPO was reassigned to channel 9, as the previous channel 7 allocation was shifted north to Dayton and later given to WHIO-TV.
1980 hostage situation
On the early morning of October 15, 1980, WCPO and most of its news staff became part of a major news story when James Hoskins, armed with a 9mm J&R M68 semi-automatic rifle and five revolvers, seized control of WCPO's newsroom. Hoskins held reporter Elaine Green and her cameraman at gunpoint in the parking lot of WCPO's studios. He then forced his way into the newsroom and took seven more hostages.
A self-described terrorist, Hoskins stated in a videotaped interview with Green that he had, among other things, murdered his girlfriend before arriving at the studios. After voicing his displeasure with local government, Hoskins ended by saying that he would let his hostages go, but only after they helped him to barricade himself in their newsroom in anticipation of a shootout with police. Green and the others pleaded with Hoskins to get help, but to no avail. WCPO's news staff ran special newscasts from the parking lot throughout that morning. Hoskins eventually let all the hostages go, and the standoff ended later that morning when Hoskins shot himself dead while on the phone with SWAT negotiators. Green was awarded a Peabody Award for her handling of the crisis. She later married anchor and then-news director Al Schottelkotte. The two remained married until his death in 1996.
Return to ABC
For three decades, WCPO had been one of CBS' strongest affiliates. The Cincinnati market was initially unaffected by the 1994–96 affiliation switches, as the station was in the middle of a long-term affiliation contract with CBS; however, in September 1995, Scripps and ABC announced a 10-year affiliation deal for WCPO, forcing the affiliation contract to stop abruptly. A year earlier, Scripps had agreed to switch three of its other stations (WMAR-TV in Baltimore, KNXV-TV in Phoenix, and WFTS-TV in Tampa) to ABC as a condition of keeping its affiliation on Scripps' two largest stations, WXYZ-TV in Detroit and WEWS-TV in Cleveland. Both of those stations had been heavily wooed by CBS, which was about to lose longtime affiliates WJBK in Detroit and WJW in Cleveland to Fox in a separate affiliation deal with New World Communications. Scripps had to maintain the CBS affiliation on WCPO until WKRC's affiliation contract with ABC expired the following year; in the meantime, in October 1995, WCPO introduced new "9 Stands for News" station branding that shrunk the CBS logo and revamped its news graphics and theme music, improving ratings. On June 3, 1996, WKRC's contract ended and the two stations reversed the 1961 affiliation swap, with WCPO rejoining ABC and WKRC reuniting with CBS. The last CBS program to air on channel 9 was the 50th Annual Tony Awards at 9 p.m. EDT, while the first ABC program to air was Good Morning America. WCPO set up a toll-free hotline to answer calls from confused viewers. The station debuted new on-air graphics designed by a Los Angeles firm. By the time of the switch, The Walt Disney Company had just finalized its acquisition of ABC.
On May 15, 2004, WCPO moved its studio facilities from 500 Central Avenue (now the site of an expanded Duke Energy Convention Center) to a new state-of-the-art building on Gilbert Avenue, in the Mount Adams neighborhood of Cincinnati.
Scripps' Cincinnati combination of WCPO and The Cincinnati Post ended when the newspaper ceased publication at the end of 2007. (Its Kentucky edition became an online-only publication simultaneously with the closure of the Post.) WCPO is the only major Cincinnati television station that has been under the same ownership since its inception, as well as the only major station in the market to remain owned by a locally based company.
Programming
Syndicated programming
Syndicated programming on WCPO-TV includes Live with Kelly and Ryan, The Kelly Clarkson Show, and The Wendy Williams Show.
News operation
WCPO-TV presently broadcasts 43 hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with seven hours each weekday and four hours each on Saturdays and Sundays). In recent years, WCPO and WKRC have been battling each other for first place in local news viewership, while NBC affiliate WLWT has been lagging behind in third or fourth place. Typically, WCPO leads the evening news race, while WKRC-TV leads in mornings and late evenings. Even after the affiliation switch in 1996 involving two of the strongest affiliates of their respective networks at the time, both stations have remained among the strongest affiliates of their current respective networks.
WCPO lacked a dedicated news department until 1959. Al Schottelkotte, a longtime columnist for The Cincinnati Enquirer (which was then owned by Scripps along with the Post), joined the station as its first news director and anchorman—a post he held until 1986. Within a year, WCPO was the undisputed local news leader in the Cincinnati market, and remained the top-rated station for over 20 years. Partly because of his influence, the CBS Evening News was not cleared by WCPO for most of Walter Cronkite's tenure; Schottelkotte criticized the program for mostly focusing on world events and believed it "hardly covered anything west of Washington", adding:
Consumer reporter John Matarese's reports have been syndicated to nine other stations, five of which are Scripps-owned, since 2003. However, as of October 12, 2010, Matarese's consumer reports have been aired on eleven other stations, the majority of which are Scripps owned.
WCPO began broadcasting its local newscasts in high-definition on August 19, 2007, beginning with the 6 p.m. newscast. Improvements around the station included upgraded weather graphics that match WCPO's upgraded graphics, new panel displays on set (to replace rear-projection CRT monitors on set and old plasma displays with obvious burn-in) and Scripps purchasing JVC HDPro equipment for WCPO. In the summer of 2009, WCPO upgraded its field cameras to provide high definition video.
In December 2009, WCPO reached an agreement with local Fox affiliate WXIX-TV (channel 19) to pool videographers at press conferences.
On October 1, 2012, WCPO-TV debuted the new Scripps-mandated standardized graphics and music package ("Inergy" by Stephen Arnold).
On February 3, 2020, WCPO debuted a new logo and an updated Scripps-mandated graphics and music package, while at the same time dropping the "9 On Your Side" moniker in favor of simply "WCPO 9 News."
9 First Warning Weather
Cincinnati's television stations have used their weather coverage as a selling point, especially since the Montgomery/Blue Ash tornado of 1999. WCPO brands its radars as "9 First Warning Doppler", "VIPIR 9" and "TrueView". The station runs its own radar located in Batavia, which has an average refresh time of ten seconds.
On July 1, 2003, WCPO began to operate a second Doppler weather radar out of the Clermont County Airport in Batavia. In combination with the radar located at WCPO's transmission tower site, both radars were named "Ultimate Doppler Radar", though the transmitter dome was eventually put out of service. The new radar operates at a height of with its base above sea level. Attenuation at the site leaves a radius around the radar blank.
In July 2007, WCPO launched a radar system with satellite imagery to allow fine street-level detail of weather events to specific locations. The TrueView system allows for local and nationwide radar sweeps. National Weather Service NEXRAD radars in Wilmington, Ohio (which covers Cincinnati, Dayton and Columbus from a central point, as is done in several areas of the country with multiple major cities), Indianapolis and Louisville are used to provide full-market coverage of severe weather events. The VIPIR 9 technology also utilizes the NEXRAD radars and 9 First Warning Doppler to create its 3D images.
I-Team
WCPO's investigative unit, the I-Team, was created in 1988, following the station's Peabody Award-winning investigation of Donald Harvey. The I-Team has won dozens of national awards, including the 1992 Sigma Delta Chi Award and 1993 Alfred I. duPont–Columbia University Award for stories about fraudulent business practices. In 1999, WCPO won the Peabody, duPont, and Sigma Delta Chi awards for investigations into the construction of Paul Brown Stadium. The station won another Peabody in 2001 for a one-hour documentary, Visions of Vine Street, that aired in the wake of the 2001 riots.
News helicopters
In 1967, WCPO introduced the Newsbird, the first news-gathering helicopter in Cincinnati and one of the first in the industry to feature live transmissions. On January 17, 1983, the Bell 206B ran out of fuel and crashed outside the station.
From 1996 to September 2000, WCPO leased a Bell 206L-3 LongRanger III helicopter out of Lunken Field. Outfitted with several cameras, Chopper 9 was used for traffic reports, updates on construction of Paul Brown Stadium and Fort Washington Way, and Friday night football specials. The helicopter proved especially useful for covering the aftermath of the 1999 Blue Ash tornado. WCPO allowed the lease to expire in 2000, citing its high cost.
On February 7, 2014, WCPO debuted another Chopper 9, this time a Bell 206B-3 JetRanger, for daily traffic and news coverage.
In 2016, WCPO debuted Sky 9, a quadcopter drone featuring a 4K-resolution camera. WCPO allowed Chopper 9's lease to expire in February 2020 in favor of Sky 9 drone footage.
Notable alumni
Andrea Canning – evening anchor (former ABC News correspondent, now a NBC News reporter)
Gretchen Carlson – reporter (later an anchor of Fox News Channel's Fox and Friends)
Nick Clooney – host of The Nick Clooney Show (later an anchor at WKRC-TV)
Pete Delkus – chief meteorologist (1996–2005; now chief meteorologist at WFAA in Dallas)
Paula Faris – sports anchor (now correspondent for ABC News; former weekend anchor of Good Morning America; former co-host of The View)
Brett Haber – weekend sports anchor (formerly sports director at WUSA in Washington, D.C.; formerly anchor of SportsCenter on ESPN)
Bill Hemmer (now anchor for Fox News Channel)
Bob Holtzman – news reporter (now correspondent for ESPN)
"Uncle Al" Lewis – first art director for WCPO, and host of The Uncle Al Show for 35 years (died in 2009)
Len Mink – singer/host of The Len Mink Show (now an evangelist/worship leader for meetings held by televangelist Kenneth Copeland)
Al Schottelkotte – WCPO's first news anchor and news director (1953–94, died in 1996)
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Subchannel 9.2 previously carried the same 24-hour local weather programming as the Weather Tracker channel on many local cable systems. Subchannel 9.3 previously carried the Live Well Network (2009–2015) until national distribution was discontinued.
Subchannel 9.4 was added on May 8, 2019, and Escape, previously subchannel 9.2, was moved to 9.4 with the addition of the revived Court TV taking its place on subchannel 9.2. WCPO's Court TV also became Charter Spectrum's channel 995 and Cincinnati Bell Fioptics channel 8. On September 30, 2019, Escape re-branded itself to Ion Mystery.
Analog-to-digital conversion
WCPO-TV discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over VHF channel 9, on June 12, 2009, as part of the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition VHF channel 10, using PSIP to display WCPO-TV's virtual channel as 9 on digital television receivers.
Since many viewers had reception issues after the digital transition, even with an increase of power just weeks after the transition, the station filed a Petition for Rulemaking to abandon VHF channel 10 and move to UHF channel 22. On October 7, 2009, the FCC issued a "Notice of Proposed Rulemaking" for WCPO-TV, which gives the public 25 days to comment on the proposed channel change. On December 10, 2009, the FCC issued a Report & Order, approving WCPO's move from VHF channel 10 to UHF channel 22. On January 19, 2010, WCPO filed a minor change application for a construction permit for their new allotment. The FCC granted the construction permit on July 9. At 2:05 a.m. on December 8, 2010, WCPO performed a flash-cut, turning off channel 10 and starting digital operations on channel 22. This flash-cut also included a power boost to 910 kW.
References
External links
WCPO, Ch. 9 (from Scripps)
ABC network affiliates
Court TV affiliates
Laff (TV network) affiliates
Ion Mystery affiliates
Newsy affiliates
E. W. Scripps Company television stations
Television channels and stations established in 1949
CPO-TV
1949 establishments in Ohio
John William Willis (31 August 1886 – 21 September 1963) was an English cricketer. Willis was a right-handed batsman, though his bowling style is unknown. He was born at Rothwell, Northamptonshire.
Willis made a single first-class appearance for Northamptonshire against Yorkshire in the 1919 County Championship. In Northamptonshire's first-innings he was dismissed for 4 by Roy Kilner, while in their second-innings he was dismissed by the same bowler for a duck. With the ball, Willis bowled a total of ten wicketless overs.
He died at the town of his birth on 21 September 1963.
References
External links
John Willis at ESPNcricinfo
John Willis at CricketArchive
1886 births
1963 deaths
People from Rothwell, Northamptonshire
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Codename: ICEMAN (pronounced as "Iceman") is a graphical adventure game made with the SCI engine and published by the American computer game company Sierra On-Line in 1989. The lead designer was Jim Walls, who also created several Police Quest games. Mention of a "Codename: PHOENIX" in Sierra promotional material suggests that ICEMAN was meant to be the first part of a Codename series, but disappointing sales ended the would-be franchise after one game.
One of ICEMAN'''s the most notable features is that a large portion of it takes place in a submarine; a portion of the game also requires the player to navigate the sub using an extremely scaled-down model.
Plot
The story takes place during a future global oil shortage, when Tunisia is suddenly discovered to possess a surplus of high-grade oil. While the Soviet and U.S. governments try to acquire as much of the oil as they can, Soviet-backed terrorists kidnap a U.S. ambassador in hopes of provoking an international incident.
Naval officer Johnny Westland is informed about the situation during his leave in Tahiti and is called back for the rescue mission. The night before returning to duty, he has a one-night stand with Stacy, a mysterious beautiful woman.
In the Pentagon, Westland is briefed and learns that Stacy is also an agent whom he must meet as soon as he reaches his goal. To reach his target, Westland travels in a nuclear-powered submarine, the USS Blackhawk. After fighting with Soviet vessels, navigating his way through an iceberg field and repairing some malfunctioning devices, he must penetrate the electronic harbor surveillance of Tunisia. A diving vehicle must be maneuvered through sensitive magnetic fields without being detected.
Finally, Westland meets Stacy on the shores of Tunisia. Working together, the agents free the ambassador; Westland is promoted and proposes to Stacy.
Gameplay and technical features
Technologically, ICEMAN is more advanced than Sierra's earlier games. Westland's movement is animated in 8 directions instead of 4, the character's sprite goes through several changes of appearance depending on his clothing, and character animations are generally smooth (e.g. the movements while playing dice.)
Another innovation allows the player to optionally just stand in front of an object and type , instead of trying several nouns to match the object. Also, typing causes Westland to turn towards the object in question.
On the other hand, the text parser understands only certain syntaxes. For example, while standing next to a ladder the program understands only , while similar games would also understand or just or . The feature of examining items with the right mouse button is implemented only for limited items on the screen. For the rest, the player must type .
Most puzzles in the game revolve around procedures, be they first aid, military or bureaucratic, that are usually outlined in the manual. Generally, if the player fails to follow a strict procedure (for instance, checking if a guard returned the player's ID card, rather than someone else's), the consequences will not surface until much later in the game. At some points, the game is unwinnable and the player must restore to a previously saved position.
Additionally, some portions of the game depend heavily on random factors, such as the effectiveness of torpedoes in submarine battles. At one point, the player must obtain a bottle from a crewman on the sub, but only if the player can beat him at a die game. The crewman 'accuses' the player of cheating if the player repeatedly saves and restores in an effort to win at dice (he is allowed to do so only twice).
ReceptionComputer Gaming World in 1990 liked the simulation sequences, improved parser, art, difficult puzzles, and sound card support, but said that the iceberg sequence became boring. It concluded that fans of Sierra adventures or James Bond would enjoy the game. In a 2007 review, Dante Kleinberg of Adventure Gamers gave ICEMAN 1.5 stars out of 5, citing dead end situations and frustrating simulator sequences. Kleinberg however praised the game's "classic Sierra look and feel."
Theo Clarke reviewed Codename: ICEMAN for Games International'' magazine, and gave it a rating of 10 out of 10, and stated that "It is the most sophisticated adventure game that I have ever played. Sierra have exceeded even their own remarkable standards."
References
External links
1989 video games
Adventure games
Amiga games
Atari ST games
Classic macOS games
DOS games
ScummVM-supported games
Sierra Entertainment games
Spy video games
Video games set in French Polynesia
Video games set in Gibraltar
Video games set in Hawaii
Video games set in Tunisia
Video games set in Virginia
Video games scored by Mark Seibert
Single-player video games
Video games developed in the United States
First Mini Album may refer to:
1st Mini Album (Jung Joon-young EP)
1st Mini Album (Taegoon EP)
1st Mini Album (2NE1 EP)
The First Mini Album (Orange Caramel EP)
The 1st Mini Album (Strawberry Milk EP)
The Kawasaki Z400 is a 399 cc Z series standard motorcycle introduced by Kawasaki as a successor to the Z300. It was unveiled at the 2018 EICMA in Milan, Italy. It is powered by a liquid-cooled parallel-twin engine derived from the Ninja 400 sport bike.
2022 update
The engine was made Euro 5 compliant.
The Z400 was released at a price of in Thailand. In Germany, the Z400 was released at .
References
Z400
Standard motorcycles
Motorcycles powered by straight-twin engines
Statistics of Superettan in season 2007.
Overview
It was contested by 16 teams, and IFK Norrköping won the championship.
League table
Season statistics
Top scorers
Top assists
Top goalkeepers
(Minimum of 10 games played)
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Superettan seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Reece Valley () is an ice-filled valley between Gavlen Ridge and Nupskåpa Peak, in the south part of the Sverdrup Mountains in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59). It was named after Alan Reece, geologist with the NBSAE (1949–52) and earlier with the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS).
Valleys of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Lurker Rock is a rock high, located northeast of Dismal Island, Faure Islands, in Marguerite Bay, Antarctica. It was charted by the Hydrographic Survey Unit from RRS John Biscoe in 1966. The name, applied by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1971, is descriptive of the feature, which is covered by ice and can easily be mistaken for a piece of floating ice, especially at high water.
References
Rock formations of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Sticky Fingers () is a 2009 Canadian film written and directed by Ken Scott.
Plot
Set in 1964, Donald Quintal (Patrice Robitaille) meets Father Padre Carmet (Jorge Sabate) at a missionary but is told by Carmet that he cannot be given the money. Donald begins his story that he was a part of The Panet Street Gang that was made up of six Montreal gangsters, and that four years ago, while they were in prison, they planned a bank heist. When the heist went awry, they all voted to give Jimmy the $2 million from the heist, seeing as he had devoted his life to God, on the condition of promising to share it when they all met again. Jimmy hid under the floor while the other five were taken away. When the five were released from prison, they met at a parish chapel near the Franco-Spanish border. Donald explained to the group that he had received a letter from Jimmy that they were to walk 830 km of the Camino pilgrimage to Santiago to get their share of the money, with a condition, that they needed to prove that they had changed their character as proof of doing the pilgrimage. They learn that they need pilgrim passports to be able to stay at hostels along the way. They tell the Customs women the truth about themselves and they get their passes. Donald Quintal begins a relationship with Maddy (Aure Atika), the girlfriend of Charles (Roy Dupuis) the de facto leader of the group. They arrive in a village and are directed by a boy on his bike to a church and find the grave marker of Jimmy, who had died of his heroin addiction while staying at Carmet's missionary while the others were incarcerated. Cutting back to the conversation between Quintal and Carmet, Quintal is given the money by being given the location of where it is buried. The gang is arrested in Santiago and while the police are going through their bags looking for the money, it is shown that Maddy has it. The members leave prison and get back to their lives. Maddy distributes the money to each member as she sees fit, leaving Charles a plane ticket to come and find her in Venice.
Cast
Patrice Robitaille as Donald Quintal
Jorge Sabate as Father Padre Carmet
Roy Dupuis as Charles Favreau
Aure Atika as Maddy
Gabriel Sabourin as Jimmy
Jean Pierre Bergeron as Isidore
Andrea Bonelli as Passport Agent
Harry Havilio as Old Man
Claude Legault as Conrad
Paolo Noël as Eddy
Donny Quinn as Police officer (as Donny Falsetti)
External links
2009 films
2009 crime drama films
Canadian crime drama films
Films directed by Ken Scott
Films shot in Argentina
Films shot in Buenos Aires
Films shot in Montreal
Canadian heist films
2009 directorial debut films
Films set in 1964
French-language Canadian films
2000s Canadian films
Androula Sialou (; born 27 January 1973) is a retired Cypriot athlete who specialised in the 400 metres hurdles. She represented her country at the 2004 Summer Olympics reaching the semifinals. She is the Cypriot national record holder for the event with her personal best of 54.76 seconds.
Competition record
Personal bests
Outdoor
400 metres – 52.30 (Kalamata 2003)
400 metres hurdles – 54.76 (Irakleio 2004) NR
Indoor
200 metres – 23.96 (Piraeus 2002) NR
400 metres – 52.91 (Peania 2004) NR
References
1973 births
Living people
Cypriot female hurdlers
Olympic athletes of Cyprus
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Cyprus
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Cyprus
Athletes (track and field) at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games competitors for Cyprus
Barwick School (or simply Barwick) is an independent, preparatory, day and boarding school for boys and girls located in Concession, Zimbabwe, Mashonaland Central, Zimbabwe. The school was opened in 1988.
Barwick School is a member of the Association of Trust Schools (ATS) and the Headmaster is a member of the Conference of Heads of Independent Schools in Zimbabwe (CHISZ).
History
The idea of a private preparatory school in Mashonaland Central began to form in the 1980s due to the rapid development of mining in the region, which was spearheaded by Anglo American. In 1984, the General Manager of Caesar Mine and Associate mines in the area met with local farmers and formed a development committee. Suitable land off Barwick road was identified for the development of Barwick School where it is situated today. The site chosen was close to power, water and easily accessible with a good road.
After capital injections, designing, engineering and building of the school through the combined effort of the farming and mining communities, Barwick School opened on 25 January 1988 with an office block, classrooms, and hostels completed. By 1991, the school's enrollment was filled to capacity, the grades being streamlined into having two classes per grade and a waiting list was formed.
Houses
Barwick has three houses, namely Horta, Mapere and Ruorka. Each of the houses have a housemaster who is in charge of all matters concerning the house.
The following table shows the list of houses and their colours:
Academics
The following subjects are offered at Barwick:
Grade 7 pupils sit for ZIMSEC examinations in English, General Paper, Mathematics and Shona, thus ending their primary education.
Sports
Sports at Barwick School include the following:
Clubs
Clubs at Barwick include the Cooking Club, Computer Club, Flying Club and Scripture Union.
See also
List of schools in Zimbabwe
References
External links
Barwick School Official website
Barwick School Profile on the ATS website
Barwick School (@BarwickSchool) on Twitter
Private schools in Zimbabwe
Co-educational schools in Zimbabwe
Day schools in Zimbabwe
Boarding schools in Zimbabwe
Educational institutions established in 1988
1988 establishments in Zimbabwe
Member schools of the Association of Trust Schools
Education in Mashonaland Central Province
Nina Frick Asenjo (November 19, 1884 – 1963) was a Chilean pianist and composer.
Chilean classical pianists
Chilean composers
1884 births
1963 deaths
20th-century classical pianists
Women classical pianists
Deepak Jethi (Dīpaka jēṭahāya) is an Indian actor in several Bollywood films and Indian TV series. He is also a voice-dubbing actor who dubs foreign media in Hindi. Deepak Jethi played the role of Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale in Pradhanmantri in 2013.
Filmography
Television
See also
Dubbing (filmmaking)
List of Indian dubbing artists
References
External links
Living people
21st-century Indian male actors
Indian male voice actors
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Male actors from Mumbai
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 2008 Division 1 was contested by 28 teams divided into two groups geographically. Syrianska FC and FC Trollhättan won their respective groups, and thereby were promoted to Superettan for the 2009 season. Vasalunds IF who finished second in the northern group were also promoted after winning their playoff.
League tables
North
Group South
Season statistics
Northern group top scorers
Southern group top scorers
Young Player Teams of the Year
At the end of each Division 1 season an all-star game is played called "Morgondagens Stjärnor" (English: "The Stars Of Tomorrow"). The two teams playing against each other consist of the best young players from each of the two leagues.
References
Sweden - List of final tables (Clas Glenning)
Swedish Football Division 1 seasons
3
Sweden
Sweden
First Methodist Church of Greenwood is a historic church at 310 W. Washington Street in Greenwood, Mississippi.
The Romanesque style building was constructed in 1898 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
Methodist churches in Mississippi
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Mississippi
Churches completed in 1898
1898 establishments in Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Leflore County, Mississippi
The Alive Chimpanzee is produced by WowWee Alive, a division of WowWee Ltd. The animatronic Chimpanzee is the first in WowWee Alive's product line. Unlike WowWee's other robots, the Chimpanzee only consists of the head of a chimpanzee. It houses eight motors to mimic the facial expressions of a real chimp. It also contains 9 sensors, including IR sensors in the eyes, touch sensors on the chin, top and rear of the head and sound and vibration sensors in the ear. There is also an Alive Elvis manufactured.
In attempting to make the Chimpanzee as realistic as possible, each strand of hair is rooted individually into the skin of the robot and the skin moves and is colored to match realistic skin tones, including veining. As with other WowWee robots, the Chimpanzee can be operated in different modes; in its case, the modes are Alive, Guard, Program, Demo and Sleep.
A Popular Science article on Halloween decorating describes how one can remove the robot's skin to create a Terminator-like robot face.
Features
Some of the Chimpanzee's notable features are:
Mood dependent behavior: responds to stimuli with mood specific animations and sounds
Infrared vision system: detects movement, tracks objects and reacts to human interaction
Touch sensors in his chin, head and ears
Stereo sound sensors detect loud sounds
Remote control or autonomous interactivity
Visual and sonic guard mode
Program mode
Sleep mode
Four Moods:
Curious
Fearful
Happy
Angry
Modes of Operation:
Alive: default mode. Reacts to sensory input, and performs autonomous actions.
Direct Control: responds to user commands.
Program: Up to 20 distinct steps (movements and sounds) can be entered in an ordered sequence that will be stored and can be played back at a later time.
Guard: Uses the vision and sound sensors to detect intruders around it, and reacts in response, either with a random animation or if a program has been entered.
Demo: runs through 2 or 3 random animations.
Sleep: the Chimpanzee will power down after a preset amount of time without activity.
See also
AIBO
Humanoid robot
Roboraptor
Roboreptile
Robosapien v2
WowWee
References
External links
WowWee Alive - WowWee Alive Product site
Robotic animals
Entertainment robots
WowWee
Animatronic robots
Robot heads
Chimpanzees
The Enigma of Health: The Art of Healing in a Scientific Age () is a 1993 book about the philosophy of medicine by Hans-Georg Gadamer, in which the author examines the key components of medical practice such as death, life, anxiety, freedom, health and the relationship between the body and the soul based on the phenomenological framework developed by Martin Heidegger in Being and Time.
References
1993 non-fiction books
1996 non-fiction books
Works by Hans-Georg Gadamer
Books about hermeneutics
Books about health
Philosophy of medicine
Polity (publisher) books
The Generali Building (, Binyan Generali) is a landmark office and commercial building on Jaffa Road in West Jerusalem. Designed by Marcello Piacentini, chief architect of the Italian Fascist regime, it served as the Jerusalem branch of the Assicurazioni Generali insurance company from 1935 to 1946. In 1946 the British Mandatory government nationalized the building and enclosed it and several other structures at the eastern end of Jaffa Road in a fortified security zone. With the end of the Mandatory government in 1948, the building was taken by the Irgun. Since the establishment of the state, the Generali Building has housed the offices of the Jerusalem District Administration and other government agencies, and street-level stores. The building's neoclassical and modern architecture, and large, rooftop sculpture of a Lion of Saint Mark have made it a prominent landmark in downtown Jerusalem.
Location
The Generali Building is located in Bar Kochba Square at the intersection of Jaffa Road and Queen Shlomzion Street.
Architecture
Situated at the intersection of Jaffa Road and Queen Shlomzion Street, the sides of the triangular-shaped Generali Building splay out in a V-shape, with the corner facing the intersection designed like the prow of a ship. The first story is faced with roughly-dressed stone and has arched windows and doorways. The upper stories, in contrast, are faced with finely-dressed stone and have windows and balconies opening at right angles, along with horizontal stone protrusions demarcating each story. Due to the topography of the site, the building has five stories at its western end and a wing of six stories at its eastern end.
Atop the roof is a large stone sculpture of a winged lion leaning on an open book. While many observers mistakenly attribute this symbol to the Lion of Judah, emblem of the city of Jerusalem, it is in fact the Lion of Saint Mark, patron saint of Venice, and the symbol of the Generali insurance company. This symbol has appeared on all of the company's branches worldwide since 1848. The Latin words engraved on the stone book are Pax Tibi Marce Evangelista Meus (Peace unto you, Mark, my Evangelist). On the base of the sculpture are engraved the Roman numerals MDCCCXXXI, or 1831, the year that Assicurazioni Generali was founded. The sculpture was constructed in six sections and produced by Jerusalem artist David Ozhernesky together with two Italian assistants. The name of the insurance company appears in relief under the roofline.
History
The Generali Building was one of three commercial structures built at the eastern end of Jaffa Road in the 1930s. The others, constructed by the British, were the Anglo-Palestine Bank (currently Bank Leumi) and the Central Post Office.
In 1931, Assicurazioni Generali, marking its centenary since its founding in Trieste, Italy, in 1831, decided to open a branch in Jerusalem. It acquired the lot in downtown Jerusalem – which was being used as a bus parking lot – from British Mandate officials. The company hired Israeli architect Richard Kauffmann, designer of Jerusalem garden suburbs such as Rehavia, Beit Hakerem, and Talpiot, to draw up a plan. Kaufmann submitted a plan for a seven-story structure in International Style, with "a rounded corner and flowing lines". Company executives rejected Kaufmann's plan and turned to Italian architect Marcello Piacentini, chief architect of the Italian Fascist regime, for an alternative. Piacentini submitted a design for a triangular building that combined neoclassical and modern elements with a subdued and "non-jarring" appearance, a common look in the 1930s Fascist architecture in Italy. Piacentini's plan was accepted and the De Farro firm was hired to begin construction in 1934.
The building was completed in 1935. The Jerusalem branch of the Assicurazioni Generali insurance company occupied the main floor of the building from 1935 to 1946. Office space on upper floors and shops at street level were rented out to private businesses.
Bevingrad
Beginning in 1944, the Irgun stepped up its attacks against British installations in Palestine, prompting the British to begin fortifying those installations. Security zones with huge coils of barbed wire filling the streets and dragon's teeth blocking the incursion of armed vehicles began appearing around Jerusalem. Jerusalemites called the fortified zones "Bevingrad", a portmanteau of the name of the British Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin, who had denied Holocaust survivors entry to Palestine, and the Russian city of Stalingrad, where large-scale fortifications had been emplaced prior to the 1942 Battle of Stalingrad.
One such zone, established in 1946, encompassed the eastern end of Jaffa Road and included the Russian Compound, the Anglo-Palestine Bank, the Central Post Office, and the Generali Building. That same year, the British had evacuated the Generali Building of its tenants and nationalized the building. From 1946 to 1948 the Generali Building housed several British military functions, including the main quartermaster. A machine gun was mounted on the "middle balcony" of the Generali Building and trained on Jaffa Road.
On 14 May 1948, when the British Mandatory government pulled out of Palestine, Irgun fighters mounted Operation Kilshon to take the Bevingrad buildings. The first one to be recovered was the Generali Building, where fighters hoisted the Israeli flag over the lion sculpture on the roof before continuing on to take control of the Russian Compound.
Current tenants
The building houses government offices, including the Jerusalem District Administration, the Ministry of Interior, the Department of Immigration and Population Registry, and the Internal Auditing Office. Long-time businesses at street level include a branch of Union Bank of Israel and Rejwan Travel Service, one of the oldest travel agencies in Jerusalem.
An Israel Meteorological Service measuring station has operated on the roof of the Generali Building since December 1949. In January 1993 this station was upgraded with an "automatic observation post" that generates weather data every ten minutes. In January 1974 the station recorded the strongest gust of wind ever in Israel, measuring .
References
External links
Photographs of the Generali Building
Jaffa Road
Buildings and structures in Jerusalem
Office buildings completed in 1935
Triangular buildings
András Révész (born Galgóc, now Hlohovec, Slovakia; 1896–1970), known also as Andrés Révész Speier, was a Hungarian biographer, journalist, and writer.
References
BOTKA FERENC: MALLORCAI „SZÉP NAPOK" (Déry Tibor két élete, 1934-1936-ban írt naplójegyzetei tükrében)
Hungarian journalists
Hungarian translators
20th-century translators
Hungarian biographers
Male biographers
1896 births
1970 deaths
People from Hlohovec
20th-century Hungarian male writers
20th-century journalists
20th-century biographers
Kara-Künggöy may refer to the following places in Kyrgyzstan:
Kara-Künggöy, Jalal-Abad, a village in Toktogul District, Jalal-Abad Region
Kara-Künggöy, Naryn, a village in Kochkor District, Naryn Region
Jaycob Megna (born December 10, 1992) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected by the Anaheim Ducks in the 7th round (210th overall) of the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
As a youth, Megna played in the 2005 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the Chicago Mission minor ice hockey team.
After playing Midget Major U18 hockey for Team Illinois, and committing to play Division 1 hockey with the Nebraska–Omaha Mavericks, Megna signed with the Muskegon Lumberjacks of the United States Hockey League (USHL) on May 11, 2010. During the 2010–11 season, Megna was the co-winner of the USHL Scholar-Athlete Award for his 4.0 GPA at Mona Shores High School.
Megna then played three seasons with the Nebraska–Omaha Mavericks, during which he recorded 4 goals, 18 assists, and 40 penalty minutes in 105 games played. On April 4, 2014, Megna chose to forgo his final year of college eligibility when he signed a three-year entry-level contract with the Anaheim Ducks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
After attending the Ducks 2015 training camp, Megna was assigned to the San Diego Gulls to begin the 2015–16 season.
Megna made his NHL debut on April 6, 2017, against the Chicago Blackhawks. Despite the ability to become a free agent on July 1, 2017, Megna signed a two-year contract with the Ducks during the offseason. He recorded his first career NHL point, an assist, in a 6–2 win over the Montreal Canadiens on October 20, 2017.
Megna attended the Ducks 2018 training camp, but was placed on waivers for the purpose of assigning him to the Gulls for the 2018–19 season. In October 2018, Megna was named captain of the Gulls for the 2018–19 AHL season. After playing in 35 games and recording 13 points, Megna was recalled to the NHL on January 31, 2019.
After six seasons within the Ducks organization, Megna left as a free agent to sign a one-year, two-way $700,000 contract with the Vegas Golden Knights on July 1, 2019. Assigned to AHL affiliate, the Chicago Wolves, for the duration of the 2019–20 season, Megna added three goals and 10 points through 60 games from the blueline.
As a free agent, Megna was unable to attract an NHL contract, opting to continue in the AHL by signing a one-year deal with the San Jose Barracuda on November 2, 2020. On February 6, 2021, he was named captain of the Barracuda.
In July 2021, he signed a one-year contract with the San Jose Sharks. He made his debut for the Sharks on October 30, 2021, in a 2–1 win over the Winnipeg Jets. His first NHL goal came on January 22, 2022, in a 1–7 loss to the Tampa Bay Lightning. He re-signed a two-year contract with the Sharks on May 9, 2022.
Personal life
Megna comes from a family of athletes. His older brother Jayson is also a professional hockey center contracted to the Colorado Avalanche and his father Jay played collegiate and professional football. His mother, Jacqueline, was an All-American athlete in high school.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
American men's ice hockey defensemen
Anaheim Ducks draft picks
Anaheim Ducks players
Chicago Wolves players
Muskegon Lumberjacks players
Norfolk Admirals players
Omaha Mavericks men's ice hockey players
People from Northbrook, Illinois
Ice hockey players from Illinois
San Diego Gulls (AHL) players
San Jose Barracuda players
San Jose Sharks players
In enzymology, a L-rhamnose isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-rhamnose L-rhamnulose
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-rhamnose, and one product, L-rhamnulose.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses. The systematic name of this enzyme class is L-rhamnose aldose-ketose-isomerase. Other names in common use include rhamnose isomerase, and L-rhamnose ketol-isomerase. This enzyme participates in fructose and mannose metabolism.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 6 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , and .
References
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of known structure
Small populations can behave differently from larger populations. They are often the result of population bottlenecks from larger populations, leading to loss of heterozygosity and reduced genetic diversity and loss or fixation of alleles and shifts in allele frequencies. A small population is then more susceptible to demographic and genetic stochastic events, which can impact the long-term survival of the population. Therefore, small populations are often considered at risk of endangerment or extinction, and are often of conservation concern.
Demographic effects
The influence of stochastic variation in demographic (reproductive and mortality) rates is much higher for small populations than large ones. Stochastic variation in demographic rates causes small populations to fluctuate randomly in size. This variation could be a result of unequal sex ratios, high variance in family size, inbreeding or fluctuating population size. The smaller the population the greater the probability that fluctuations will lead to extinction.
One demographic consequence of a small population size is the probability that all offspring in a generation are of the same sex, and where males and females are equally likely to be produced (see sex ratio), is easy to calculate: it is given by (the chance of all animals being females is ; the same holds for all males, thus this result). This can be a problem in very small populations. In 1977, the last 18 kakapo on a Fiordland island in New Zealand were all male, though the probability of this would only be 0.0000076 if determined by chance (however, females are generally preyed upon more often than males and kakapo may be subject to sex allocation). With a population of just three individuals the probability of them all being the same sex is 0.25. Put another way, for every four species reduced to three individuals (or more precisely three individuals in the effective population), one will become extinct within one generation just because they are all the same sex. If the population remains at this size for several generations, such an event becomes almost inevitable.
Environmental effects
The environment can directly affect the survival of a small population. Some detrimental effects include stochastic variation in the environment, (year to year variation in rainfall, temperature) which can produce temporally correlated birth and death rates (i.e. 'good' years when birth rates are high and death rates are low and 'bad' years when birth rates are low and death rates are high) that lead to fluctuations in the population size. Again, smaller populations are more likely to become extinct due to these environmentally generated population fluctuations than the large populations.
The environment can also introduce beneficial traits to a small population that promote its persistence. In the small, fragmented populations of the acorn woodpecker, minimal immigration is sufficient for population persistence. Despite the potential genetic consequences of having a small population size, the acorn woodpecker is able to avoid extinction and the classification as an endangered species because of this environmental intervention causing neighboring populations to immigrate. Immigration promotes survival by increasing genetic diversity, which will be discussed in the next section as a harmful factor in small populations.
Genetic effects
Conservationists are often worried about a loss of genetic variation in small populations. There are two types of genetic variation that are important when dealing with small populations:
The degree of homozygosity within individuals in a population; i.e. the proportion of an individual's loci that contain homozygous rather than heterozygous alleles. Many deleterious alleles are only harmful in the homozygous form.
The degree of monomorphism/polymorphism within a population; i.e. how many different alleles of the same gene exist in the gene pool of a population. Genetic drift and the likelihood of inbreeding tend to have greater impacts on small populations, which can lead to speciation. Both drift and inbreeding cause a reduction in genetic diversity, which is associated with a reduced population growth rate, reduced adaptive potential to environmental changes, and increased risk of extinction. The effective population size (Ne), or the reproducing part of a population is often lower than the actual population size in small populations. The Ne of a population is closest in size to the generation that had the smallest Ne. This is because alleles lost in generations of low populations are not regained when the population size increases. For example, the Northern Elephant Seal was reduced to 20-30 individuals, but now there are 100,000 due to conservation efforts. However the effective population size is only 60.
Contributing genetic factors
Genetic drift: Genetic variation is determined by the joint action of natural selection and genetic drift (chance). In small populations, selection is less effective, and the relative importance of genetic drift is higher because deleterious alleles can become more frequent and 'fixed' in a population due to chance. The allele selected for by natural selection becomes fixed more quickly, resulting in the loss of the other allele at that locus (in the case of a two allele locus) and an overall loss of genetic diversity. Alternatively, larger populations are affected less by genetic drift because drift is measured using the equation 1/2N, with "N" referring to population size; it takes longer for alleles to become fixed because "N" is higher. One example of large populations showing greater adaptive evolutionary ability is the red flour beetle. Selection acting on the body color of the red flour beetle was found to be more consistent in large than in small populations; although the black allele was selected against, one of the small populations observed became homozygous for the deleterious black allele (this did not occur in the large populations). for Any allele—deleterious, beneficial, or neutral—is more likely to be lost from a small population (gene pool) than a large one. This results in a reduction in the number of forms of alleles in a small population, especially in extreme cases such as monomorphism, where there is only one form of the allele. Continued fixation of deleterious alleles in small populations is called Muller's ratchet, and can lead to mutational meltdown.
Inbreeding: In a small population, closely related individuals are more likely to breed together. The offspring of related parents have a higher number of homozygous loci than the offspring of unrelated parents. Inbreeding causes a decrease in the reproductive fitness of a population because of a decrease in its heterozygosity from the repeated mating of closely related individuals or selfing. Inbreeding may also lead to inbreeding depression when heterozygosity is minimized to the point where deleterious mutations that reduce fitness become more prevalent. Inbreeding depression is a trend in many plants and animals with small populations sizes and increases their risk of extinction. Inbreeding depression is usually taken to mean any immediate harmful effect, on individuals or on the population, of a decrease in either type of genetic variation. Inbreeding depression can almost never be found in declining populations that were not very large to begin with; it is somewhat common in large populations becoming small though. This is the cause of purging selection which is most efficient in populations that are very but not dangerously inbred.
Genetic adaptation to fragmented habitat: Over time species evolve to become adapted to their environment. This can lead to limited fitness in the face of stochastic changes. For example, birds on islands, such as the Galapagos Flightless Cormorant or the Kiwi of New Zealand, have been known to develop flightlessness. This trait results in a limited ability to avoid predators and disease which could perpetuate further problems in the face of climate change. Fragmented populations also see genetic adaptation. For example, habitat fragmentation has resulted in a shift toward increased selfing in plant populations.
Examples of genetic consequences that have happened in inbred populations are high levels of hatching failure, bone abnormalities, low infant survivability, and decrease in birth rates. Some populations that have these consequences are cheetahs, who suffer with low infant survivability and a decrease in birth rate due to having gone through a population bottleneck. Northern elephant seals, who also went through a population bottleneck, have had cranial bone structure changes to the lower mandibular tooth row. The wolves on Isle Royale, a population restricted to the island in Lake Superior, have bone malformations in the vertebral column in the lumbosacral region. These wolves also have syndactyly, which is the fusion of soft tissue between the toes of the front feet. These types of malformations are caused by inbreeding depression or genetic load.
Island populations
Island populations often also have small populations due to geographic isolation, limited habitat and high levels of endemism. Because their environments are so isolated gene flow is poor within island populations. Without the introduction of genetic diversity from gene flow, alleles are quickly fixed or lost. This reduces island populations' ability to adapt to any new circumstances and can result in higher levels of extinction. The majority of mammal, bird, and reptile extinctions since the 1600s have been from island populations. Moreover, 20% of bird species live on islands, but 90% of all bird extinctions have been from island populations. Human activities have been the major cause of extinctions on island in the past 50,000 years due to the introduction of exotic species, habitat loss and over-exploitation
The Galapagos penguin is an endangered endemic species of the Galapagos islands. Its population has seen extreme fluctuations in population size due to marine perturbations, which have become more extreme due to climate change. The population has ranged from as high as 10,000 specimens to as low as 700. Currently it is estimated there are about 1000 mature individuals.
Conservation
Conservation efforts for small populations at risk of extinction focus on increasing population size as well as genetic diversity, which determines the fitness of a population and its long-term persistence. Some methods include captive breeding and genetic rescue. Stabilizing the variance in family size is an effective way can double the effective population size and is often used in conservation strategies.
See also
Decline in amphibian populations
Founder effect
Functional extinction
Gene pool
Genetic erosion
Genetic pollution
Minimum viable population
Muller's ratchet
Mutational meltdown
Pollinator decline
Population genetics
Population decline
References
Population genetics
The green tinkerbird (Pogoniulus simplex) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family (African barbets).
It is found in Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, and Tanzania.
The Eastern Green Tinkerbird, Pogoniulus simplex, (Fischer & Reichenow, 1884) is a small, dull-green tinkerbird that has been included in a broadly-defined tinkerbird genus Pogoniulus (Lafresnaye, 1842) by most recent authorities. The present paper, however, places simplex, and its relative leucomystax, the Moustached Green Tinkerbird, in the genus Viridibucco (Oberholser, 1905) because the plumage patterns of these two species differ markedly from other tinkerbirds and there is an indication that they have a unique, hyper-specialized diet.
Until recently, the Eastern Green Tinkerbird has been known from the southern African region only on the basis of a single skin from Chicomo, Funhalouro District, Inhambane Province, Mozambique (Pinto 1959, 1960; Clancey 1971, 1996). During the course of this investigation, a further overlooked locality for the species, the Gorongosa Massif, also came to light, as discussed further below.
This paper documents the recent rediscovery of Eastern Green Tinkerbird in southern Africa and summarises information on selected uncommon or noteworthy species found in the coastal, dry, forest-thicket complex of the Sitila-Massinga district, Inhambane Province, Mozambique, by extracting records from the specimen database of the Durban Natural Science Museum, South Africa, and personal observations during two brief field-trips to Gaza and Inhambane provinces, Sul do Save, Mozambique. The term ‘Sul do Save' refers to Mozambique south of the Save River and comprising the provinces of Maputo, Gaza and Inhambane. This term is employed in preference to ‘southern Mozambique', which in the ornithological literature, has come to have a vague meaning and is often applied to Mozambique south of the Zambezi River (e.g. Clancey 1996). A brief popular account of the rediscovery of the Eastern Green Tinkerbird in Sul do Save, Mozambique has been written (Davies & Chittenden 2013) but fuller discussion and amplification of certain points is required.
The original Eastern Green Tinkerbird skin from Sul do Save, was collected for the Museu Dr Álvaro de Castro (Maputo Natural History Museum; museum registration number 6184) near the village of Chicomo on 15 January 1958 by Rui Quadros (1937- 2010), whom Pinto (1959: 15) called an “incansável colector” (tireless collector). Pinto (1959: 20) justifiably referred to Quadros's tinkerbird as “uma notável descoberta” (a remarkable discovery) because the nearest records at that time were from eastern Malawi, approximately 750 km to the north (Benson 1953: 44).
The Quadros skin is still in existence and remains in adequate condition (photos of the skin forwarded in September 2013 by G. Allport). Clancey (1984: 180) tentatively ascribed the Quadros skin to the subspecies hylodytes, otherwise only known from Malawi, which putatively differed from the nominate subspecies (of Tanzania and Kenya) by being larger in size, darker above and more dusky grey-olive below.
In discussing the tinkerbird in his Appendix 1, Parker (1999: 265) introduced an unfortunate locality error. Parker (1999: 265) gave the quarter-degree-grid (15' X 15') square reference for Chicomo as “2434CA”. There is indeed a town called Chicomo in that grid- cell, which lies 40 km south-west of Coguno, a collecting locality made famous by C.H.B. Grant as the type locality of Rudd's Apalis Apalis ruddi and Neergaard's Sunbird Cinnyris neergaardi. But this is not the Chicomo that Quadros visited, as is evident from reading Pinto's (1959, 1960) reports. Clancey (1971, 1996) also referred to the “Funhalouro district”, which is far from Coguno. The pertinent Chicomo village is at 22° 46' 29.55”S; 35° 01' 07.55”E and lies approximately 65 km north-west of the town of Massinga.
In The Atlas of Southern African Birds, Spottiswoode (1997) worsened the error by giving Chicomo's quarter-degree-grid square reference as 2034CA (i.e. a grid-cell north of the Save River in a mixed savanna area); this was clearly a lapsus calami for 2434CA. The map for the Eastern Green Tinkerbird in the seventh edition of Roberts Birds of Southern Africa (Hockey et al. 2005: 141) copied the incorrect Chicomo locality from Parker (1999) as well as the false locality reference given by Spottiswoode (1997), but unfortunately did not mark the correct Chicomo. More recently, Dowsett-Lemaire (2010) repeated the erroneous Chicomo grid- reference as “2434C1”.
The Roberts 7 map also placed a question mark in the Inhaminga district, Sofala Province of central Mozambique. This stemmed from P.A. Clancey's possible sighting of the tinkerbird “in forest- woodland mosaic near Inhaminga ... in June 1968” (Clancey 1971: 294, 1996: 150). When questioned by H.N. Chittenden (pers. comm.) regarding this sighting in the late 1990s, Clancey said he had only seen “something small and green in the canopy”. Michael P.S. Irwin, who was with Clancey during the June 1968 expedition, has no recollection of Clancey mentioning such a noteworthy record while in the field (Irwin in litt., September 2013) and consequently, given the lack of any adequate supporting information, Clancey's record should be viewed with circumspection.
Subsequent to Quadros's skin, no further acceptable records of Eastern Green Tinkerbird from southern Africa came to light. Clancey (1996) summarised its status as “unknown” and Spottiswoode (1997) as “uncertain”, while Parker (1999: xxiii) called it “tantalisingly obscure”.
At the time the popular account (Davies & Chittenden 2013) was written, the present author was unaware of any other reliable records of Eastern Green Tinkerbird for southern Mozambique, aside from Quadros's skin. However, this overlooked K.L. Tinley's (1977: table 9.6) unpublished thesis for the Gorongosa area, Sofala Province, in which Eastern Green Tinkerbird was listed as a frugivore dispersal agent on the Gorongosa Massif. A highly experienced naturalist, K.L. Tinley (in litt., 16 May 2013) confirms that “I frequently saw [Eastern Green Tinkerbird] when I climbed the footpath through the forest once a month [1969-1972] to the highest plateau to collect and record the phenology of the summit grasslands”. This footpath approximately ran from the Murombedzi Waterfall (18° 29' S, 34°0 2' E, ca 850 m asl) up to the summit on the south-west side of the massif (with complete altitudinal sequence of wet, closed-canopy forest up to ca 1800 m asl). No other records exist from Gorongosa Massif.
Following the end of the civil war, Parker (1999, 2005a) undertook an ambitious, largely single-handed atlassing project in Mozambique, mostly south of the Zambezi River. Given the vast area he had to cover and severe logistical constraints, his investigation of individual 15' x 15' grid-cells could often be no more than cursory. He did not encounter Eastern Green Tinkerbird during his seven years in southern Mozambique, although he later found the species in Niassa Province, northern Mozambique (Parker 2005b). Thus, by the 2000s, the status of the Eastern Green Tinkerbird south of the Zambezi River remained enigmatic and there was even some speculation that the locality information of the original skin was suspect (e.g. Sinclair et al. 2011: 274).
Nuttall (1998), in a popular account of the Olive-headed Weaver Ploceus olivaeiceps in the Panda district, Inhambane Province, mentioned Eastern Green Tinkerbird as one of the species he had seen in that area. However, Nuttall cannot recall the details of this sighting and reports that it was mentioned in error (D. Nuttall in litt., June 2012). Furthermore, the habitat in the Panda area is predominantly tall Brachystegia woodland and subsistence agricultural plots and it is unlikely the tinkerbird would occur there.
References
External links
Green tinkerbird - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
green tinkerbird
Birds of East Africa
green tinkerbird
green tinkerbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Although there is no standard global definition, the European Technology Platform SmartGrids defines smart grids as electricity networks that can intelligently integrate the behaviour and actions of all users connected to it – generators, consumers and those that do both – in order to efficiently deliver sustainable, economic and secure electricity supplies.
The situation in Austria
The Austrian E-Control lists following requirements a smart grid must meet:
Available in sufficient amounts;
Secure and of good quality;
Affordable;
Environmentally friendly;
Socially acceptable.
There are currently around 100,000 smart meters installed in Austria. Those are spread among six pioneer regions which function as independent projects and serve with findings in various aspects concerning the implementation of Smart Grids on a broad basis.
The challenges yet to overcome for the installation on a nationwide level are the technical requirements, the compatibility, the gap between norms for Power Line Carrier on their last mile, data privacy and a more flexible law on gauging and measuring.
Producing hydroenergy on a small (private) basis does have a tradition in Austria. With Smart Grids making use of that, this branch is bound to become a lot more interesting and valuable for the society, in the future.
Benefits and goals
It is the task of the Network Operators to optimise usage of the net infrastructure. This can be achieved by improving communication between energy customer, provider and storage facilities.
Benefits for the customer: First and foremost, it should guarantee a reliable energy supply in Austria. Another main goal is, to enhance possibilities of including small energy suppliers into the energy network. (decentralised energy production) This should enhance quality and lower costs.
Successful roll-out of smart grids technologies would bring many benefits, including:
High level of security and quality of supply;
Efficient use of resources leading to cost savings for consumers;
Transparent and non-discriminatory grid connection and access for all system users;
Maximisation of the cross-border transmission capacity available to the European electricity market;
Coordinated planning and development of national and European network infrastructure;
Reduction of CO2 emissions and increased efficiency through optimum integration of distributed renewable generation.
Research and political measures
In Austria, there is targeted research on Smart Grids since 2003. Since 2008 the National Technology Platform Smart Grids Austria (SGA) was formed by Stakeholders of the national energy sector (Innovative Grid Operators, Researchers, Industry, Suppliers, Consumers).
The SGA since then came up
The Austrian Klimafonds has a Budget of €500 Mio that are used for projects to reduce CO2 emissions, enhance energy efficiency, conduct R&D on renewables and investments into making new technologies available for economic use.
The "realisation of innovative networks" is one of the subgoals in their program.
In addition to that, Smart Grids are declared to be one measure to reduce CO2 emissions.
There are currently 24 Projects run by private companies around the Smart Grid technology supported by the Austrian Klimafonds and FFG, that are being concluded in the years 2011 and 2012 and have a total volume of €10.3 Mio.
Another impact is, that the Austrian Institute of Technology (AIT) opened up a Smart Grids Lab in July 2010. Their research teams are helping the industry to develop new electronic network components and analysing their interaction with the power grid.
The Federal Ministry for Transport, Innovation and Technology initialised a cooperation with Swiss and German partners. The goal is to research information and strategies for implementing Smartg Grids, on the basis of experiences from research and pilot projects for the development and testing Smart grid solutions.
By the end of 2010 the working program should be published in form of a brochure.
References
External links
Austrian E-Control on Smart Grids
European SmartGrids Technology Platform
Austrian Platform for Smart Grids
Austrian E-Wirtschaft
Austrian Klimafonds
AIT Smart Grid Labs
AIT Video on Smart grids
Energie der Zukunft
Austria
Electric power infrastructure in Austria
Sir Leslie Charles Diver (4 November 1899 – 4 August 1995) was an Australian politician who served as a Country Party member of the Legislative Council of Western Australia from 1952 to 1974. He was President of the Legislative Council from 1960 to 1974. Only Clive Griffiths and Sir John Kirwan have served in the position longer.
Early life
Diver was born in Perth to Charlotte Ella (née Pearce) and Joseph William Diver. Leaving school at an early age, he worked for a period as a farm labourer and contractor before buying his own farm at Yorkrakine (a small Wheatbelt town) in 1924. Diver was elected to the Kellerberrin Road Board in 1933, and served until 1946. He was chairman in 1940, and again from 1942 to 1946.
Politics
A long-time member of the Country Party, Diver first stood for parliament at the 1950 Legislative Council election, but was defeated by Norm Baxter in his candidacy for Central Province. He eventually entered parliament in May 1952, after winning the by-election caused by the death of Garnet Wood. Following the retirement of Sir Charles Latham in 1960, Diver was elected President of the Legislative Council. He served in the position for almost 14 years (a term length surpassed by only Clive Griffiths and Sir John Kirwan), finally retiring from politics in 1974.
Later life
Diver was knighted for his service in June 1975, on the recommendation on the government of Sir Charles Court. He died in Kellerberrin in August 1995, aged 95. At the time of his death, he was the oldest-lived MP in Western Australia's history, although several others have since died at greater ages.
References
1899 births
1995 deaths
Australian Anglicans
Australian Knights Bachelor
Australian politicians awarded knighthoods
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council
People from Perth, Western Australia
Presidents of the Western Australian Legislative Council
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Western Australian local councillors
20th-century Australian politicians
La poliziotta fa carriera, internationally released as Confessions of a Lady Cop, is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini. It is an unofficial sequel of Steno's La poliziotta in which sex and nudity become more explicit, and at the same time it is a parody of the poliziottesco film genre. The film had two sequels, all starred by Edwige Fenech and directed by Tarantini, A Policewoman on the Porno Squad (La poliziotta della squadra del buon costume, 1979), and A Policewoman in New York (La poliziotta a New York, 1981).
Cast
Edwige Fenech: Gianna Amicucci
Gigi Ballista: Questore Moretti
Alvaro Vitali: Agente Tarallo
Mario Carotenuto: Commissario Antinori
Gianfranco D'Angelo: Onorevole Mannello
Michele Gammino: Cecè
Giuseppe Pambieri: Dr. Alberto Moretti
Riccardo Garrone: Federico Innocenti
Francesco Mulè: Alfredo Amicucci
Gastone Pescucci: Tonino er mammola
Nello Pazzafini: Mojefuma
Gino Pagnani: Cecè's Friend
Fortunato Arena: the man who falls into the fountain
See also
List of Italian films of 1976
References
External links
1976 films
Commedia sexy all'italiana
Poliziotta films
1970s police comedy films
1970s sex comedy films
Films directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini
Unofficial sequel films
1976 comedy films
1970s Italian-language films
1970s Italian films
Morningside is a suburb to the south of Whangārei in Northland, New Zealand. Morningside railway housing settlement still substantially exists. Many of the houses have been considerably modified, but one 1939 house is protected by NZHPT Category II listing, number 7745.
Demographics
Morningside covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Morningside had a population of 2,340 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 273 people (13.2%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 213 people (10.0%) since the 2006 census. There were 840 households, comprising 1,170 males and 1,170 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.0 males per female. The median age was 34.1 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 495 people (21.2%) aged under 15 years, 528 (22.6%) aged 15 to 29, 1,026 (43.8%) aged 30 to 64, and 291 (12.4%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 65.9% European/Pākehā, 43.7% Māori, 5.6% Pacific peoples, 7.6% Asian, and 1.4% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 14.9, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 51.0% had no religion, 33.1% were Christian, 3.8% had Māori religious beliefs, 1.5% were Hindu, 0.1% were Muslim, 0.8% were Buddhist and 2.8% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 273 (14.8%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 432 (23.4%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $25,700, compared with $31,800 nationally. 129 people (7.0%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 885 (48.0%) people were employed full-time, 261 (14.1%) were part-time, and 96 (5.2%) were unemployed.
Culture
Terenga Parāoa Marae and Kaka Porowini meeting house are located in Morningside. The marae is affiliated with the Ngāpuhi hapū of Uri o Te Tangata.
Education
Morningside School is a coeducational contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a roll of students as of
Christian Renewal School is a composite state integrated co-educational secondary and primary (years 1–13) school with a roll of students as of Around 110 of those students are in high school (years 9–13), as of June 2018. The school was established in 1993 and integrated into the state system in 1997. The secondary half of the school is situated upstairs, and the primary downstairs. The school operates in the Christian Renewal buildings, beside the Renew Church work buildings and auditorium.
Notes
External links
Morningside School website
Suburbs of Whangārei
The Loktak Folklore Museum () or the Thanga Folklore Museum () is a folk museum in Thanga Island in the Loktak lake of Manipur, India. It cares for and displays a collection of artistic, cultural and historical artefacts associated with the Loktak lake. The museum preserves the folk customs and beliefs, folk medicines, folk literature associated with the Loktak lake.
History
In 2016, the Tongbram family led by Tongbram Amarjit took initiatives to establish the Loktak Folklore Museum () at Thanga Tongbram Leikai in Thanga, Bishnupur District of Manipur.
The museum was inaugurated by Tongbram Mangibabu, the then Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA) of Thanga Assembly constituency in 2016. The inaugural event was presided by Dr. K. Sushila, Director of Art and Culture, Government of Manipur.
Collections and Features
The collections of the Loktak Folklore Museum include the fishing kits used by the fishermen of early times, literatures on the Moirang Kangleirol scattered over the Thanga and adjacent regions. It also houses the paintings of the spiritual and the mortal beings as well as traditional handloom and handicraft weaving accessories.
Photography and videography are allowed inside the museum.
Exhibitions
In October 2019, the Bangla Manipuri Poetry Festival was organised for 3 days (October 3-October 5) at various locations in Manipur. On the second day of the festival, the event was conducted in the Loktak Folklore Museum. The event was organised by the Library and Information Center (LIC), Kakching and Sahitya Thoupang Lup (Sathoulup), Imphal.
In 2021, the Kalen Art Exhibition was held at the Loktak Folklore Museum. The aim and the purpose of the art exhibition is to promote the cultural heritage and the significance of the Loktak lake.
Tongbram Amarjit, the founder of the Loktak Folklore Museum, said:
"Museum as we know, is the soul of human civilisation and we can't simply abandon the things of the past."
The Loktak Folklore Museum had planned to organize the Kalen Art Exhibition associated with the International Museum Day on May 18 of the year. However, due to the COVID pandemic, the planned event was postponed.
Kalen is the Meitei lunar month in which the Umang Lais are worshipped. It is during this time that the Lai Haraoba festival is celebrated across the state. In association with this, the Kalen Art Exhibition focussed to inspire the youths to explore the cultural heritage of the Loktak lake.
See also
Imphal Peace Museum
INA War Museum
Kakching Garden
Keibul Lamjao National Park - world's only floating national park in Manipur, India
Khonghampat Orchidarium
Manipur State Museum
Manipur Zoological Garden
Phumdi - Floating biomasses in Manipur, India
Sekta Archaeological Living Museum
Yangoupokpi-Lokchao Wildlife Sanctuary
References
External links
Loktak Folklore Museum www.museumsofindia.org
Loktak Folklore Museum_e-pao.net
Museums in Manipur
Elizabeth Carey (married name ELizabeth Murray (10 November 1835 – 9 August 1920) was a Canadian home-maker and social activist.
She was one of the founders of the Halifax Infants' Home. She was also involved in the Nova Scotia Society for the Prevention of Cruelty (to animals). She was married to Robert Murray.
References
1835 births
1920 deaths
Canadian activists
Avi Belkin is an Israeli film director, producer and cinematographer.
Education
Belkin studied art and film at HaMidrasha - Faculty of the Arts in Beit Berl, Israel.
Film career
In 2012, Belkin produced and directed a short documentary film, Paddle Ball, that won first place at the Haifa International Film Festival that year. In 2014, his debut feature film Winding, about the Yarkon River, won the best film award.
Belkin directed the documentary feature Mike Wallace is Here that follows the life and career of American journalist Mike Wallace (2019) and directed and executive produced a 6 part true-crime documentary series No One Saw a Thing (2019) that tells the story of a small violent town in Missouri.
Filmography
References
External links
Paddle Ball on Vimeo
Israeli film directors
Israeli male screenwriters
Israeli film producers
Autobiographical articles from June 2015
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
"Not Fair" is a song by British recording artist Lily Allen from her second studio album, It's Not Me, It's You (2009). Written by Allen and Greg Kurstin, the song was released as the second single from the album on 20 March 2009 by Regal Recordings. The song incorporates country music as the lyrics depict sexual frustration. Contemporary critics did not positively receive the song and its theme, some calling it a "pseudo-country track" and considering it a strange musical composition. The single peaked in the top 20 of the charts of some European countries and Australia, while scoring Allen's second consecutive top-five hit on both the UK Singles Chart and the Dutch Top 40 (since in the latter "Fuck You" was a commercial success before "Not Fair").
The accompanying music video portrayed a western country theme, with Allen dancing next to a microphone while backing singers are dressed as cowgirls, accompanied by cattle and poultry. The video was shot the same day of the release of the single. It was performed live on different occasions, including Allen's 2009 concert tour.
It was named at number 8 in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2009.
Background
In the song, Allen describes her relationship with a boyfriend to which she describes him as "the perfect guy" yet is frustrated at his sexual laziness. She furthermore describes the situation as "Not Fair" because while he plays the perfect boyfriend in every other way, he's selfish when it comes to their sex life ("all you do is take") – thus the song gives the impression that all his niceness and concern may have been just a face to get what he wants from his girlfriend without any genuine concern with her satisfaction and happiness.
The single was officially released on January and climbed the charts, still being in the top 10 in June. The single was released as a digital download on 21 March 2009 (iTunes) and on 11 May 2009 as a CD. Allen performed it live for the first time on Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway on 21 March 2009.
The censored version of the song, which is often used on the radio, blanks out the words "wet patch" and "I spent ages giving head" on the second verse, replacing them with a burst of the background instruments. An alternative version only removes the word "head", replacing it with a short chord played on a mouth organ. While performing the song in the BBC Radio Live Lounge and on The Graham Norton Show, she replaced the latter with "I spent ages kneading bread".
Composition
"Not Fair" is a "bluegrass-infused" country song.
Commercial performance
"Not Fair" charted two months before the release date at number 200 in the UK. By 2 May, "Not Fair" reached the #10 spot on the official chart before reaching a final peak of #5. In New Zealand, the song debuted at number 32 on 18 May 2009, giving Allen her fifth top 40 hit there. It has so far peaked at number 20. The song has also been a big hit in Australia, where it peaked at number three and has so far spent eight consecutive weeks in the top 10, equalling the success of her previous single "The Fear".
Music video
The music video for "Not Fair" was directed by Melina Matsoukas and filmed in Los Angeles on 19 February 2009. Allen released pictures from the video on her official Twitter account. A 17-second teaser of the video was released on YouTube on 17 March, before T4 premiered the entire video on Saturday, 21 March. As of March 2021, it has gained over 90 million views on YouTube.
The music video shows Allen performing the song on the Porter Wagoner Show, starting off with a snippet from the Porter Wagoner show from the 1970s to present Allen (dubbed) by saying, "Now it's time for the purty little lady to come forth with a real purty song. And it's called "Not Fair". Let's make her welcome, Miss Lily Allen!"
Allen is revealed to be singing alongside a country and western band, including a very bored-looking drummer, mullet-wearing guitarists, and backing singers/dancers. Allen performs the song into a microphone and can be seen dancing around the stage, dressed in a white jumpsuit and sporting a blunt fringe with long hair. The video was recorded on videotape and with a real vacuum tube TV camera (as can be seen by the "comet trails" at 1:56 when the camera pans away from the studio lights) to keep with the theme of the video, as opposed to being filmed like most other music videos made in the 21st century.
Track listing
UK CD1 (Cardsleeve)
"Not Fair" (explicit) – 3:20
"The Fear" (The Count (Hervé) & Lily Face The Fear Remix) – 4:21
UK CD2 (Slim Case)
"Not Fair" (radio edit) – 3:03
"The Fear" (The Count (Hervé) & Lily Face The Fear Remix) – 4:21
"Not Fair" (Di Angelis & Dobie 'Circus' Remix) – 5:36
"Not Fair" (Style of Eye Remix) – 6:14
UK Promo (Standard Case)
"Not Fair" (explicit) – 3:20
"The Fear" (The Count (Hervé) & Lily Face The Fear Remix) – 4:21
7" limited edition picture disc
"Not Fair" (Radio Edit) – 3:03
"Why" – 3:16
Digital download
"Not Fair" – 3:23
"Why" – 3:38
"Not Fair" (Style of Eye Remix) – 6:19
"The Count (Hervé) and Lily Allen Face the Fear" – 4:22
"Not Fair" (Clean Radio Edit) – 3:24
"Mr. Blue Sky" – 3:41
Charts
Certifications
Year-end charts
Release history
References
External links
Making of the music video on YouTube
2009 singles
Lily Allen songs
Number-one singles in Israel
Music videos directed by Melina Matsoukas
Songs written by Lily Allen
Song recordings produced by Greg Kurstin
Navy Hill School was a school serving African American students in Richmond, Virginia. The school was in Richmond's Navy Hill neighborhood and opened in 1871. It was at Sixth Street and Duval Street. It was the first public school in Richmond to employ African American teachers.
In 1876 the school was recommended for closure due to poor conditions. It was still operating in 1891. City documents in 1890 described the school's building as in poor condition and having been poorly built. A 1904 city directory includes teachers at the school and list Stephen T. Pendelton as its principal. Lizzie Knowles also served as principal of the school.
Daniel Webster Davis began teaching at the school in 1879. Daniel Barclay Williams taught at the school during the 1880s.
Maggie Walker attended the school for two years.
From 1977 to 2000 the Children's Museum of Richmond was housed in what was once the school's gymnasium.
References
Schools in Richmond, Virginia
Defunct schools in Virginia
1871 establishments in Virginia
Amrita Acharia (, also spelled Acharya) is a Norwegian actress of NepaleseUkrainian
origins. She is best known for her roles as Irri in the HBO series Game of Thrones and as Dr. Ruby Walker in the ITV series The Good Karma Hospital.
Early life
Acharia was born in Kathmandu, Nepal. Her father is a Nepalese gynaecologist who met her mother, a Ukrainian architect, while he was attending medical school in Kyiv. Acharia grew up in Kathmandu, Ukraine, England and Norway. She spent her first seven years in Nepal, before her father's job took him and his family to England and then, when she was 13, to Tromsø, Norway.
At the age of 19, having finished high school in Norway, Acharia moved to England seeking a career in acting. She trained at ALRA.
Career
Acharia played the role of Irri, a Dothraki servant of Daenerys Targaryen in the first two seasons of Game of Thrones. Her character died during the second season. In a scene cut from the broadcast programmes, Irri was strangled by her fellow handmaiden Doreah (played by Roxanne McKee). Acharia suffered from bruising on her neck the following day after encouraging McKee to "go for it" during the scene.
In 2011, Acharia starred in the one-off BBC Christmas show, Lapland. She also made an appearance as a school girl in the biographical film The Devil's Double.
Acharia played the lead in the Norwegian feature film "I Am Yours", a role which landed her a nomination for Best Actress at the Norwegian Amanda Awards. The film was chosen as Norway's foreign-language Academy Awards submission.
In 2016 Acharia appeared in the role as State Prosecutor in the Norwegian TV-series Frikjent. (Acquitted)
From 2017 to present she has starred as Dr Ruby Walker in the ITV series The Good Karma Hospital. Acharia plays an NHS junior doctor who, faced with frustration at work and issues in her personal life, responds to an advert to work at a public hospital in the southern Indian state of Kerala (although the show was actually filmed in Sri Lanka rather than India). She was longlisted for the 2019 National Television Awards in the Best Drama Performance category for the role.
She is the lead in the British psychological thriller Welcome to Curiosity which is supposedly the world's first film to be entirely crowdfunded. The producers raised £200,000 through crowdfunding. It relates four interconnected stories based around a serial killer's escape from prison.
Personal life
Acharia completed the London Marathon in 2016, with a time of 03:46:07.
She is an ambassador for the charity ChoraChori, which works to rescue displaced and trafficked Nepalese children from India. She speaks Ukrainian, Russian, English, and Norwegian. She does not speak Nepali, but stated she is planning to learn it.
Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre credits
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Amrita Acharya Dunne Photos from the London Marathon 2016.
Living people
Nepalese emigrants to Norway
Norwegian people of Nepalese descent
Norwegian people of Ukrainian descent
21st-century Nepalese actresses
21st-century Norwegian actresses
Norwegian television actresses
Norwegian film actresses
Norwegian expatriates in England
Actors from Kathmandu
Bahun
1987 births
The 'Edward' mango is a named mango cultivar that originated in south Florida.
History
During the early 20th century, Edward Simmonds was the head of the USDA's Plant Introduction Station in Miami, Florida. Due to the problems encountered with Indian-descended mango cultivars in Florida relating to their poor disease resistance and unreliable bearing habits, Simmonds began a mango breeding program in the 1920s where he sought to cross several cultivars of Indian descent with cultivars of southeast Asian origin. Simmonds' hope was to develop hybrid varieties that would take on the best characteristics of both parents, with color and flavor of the Indian line and the flavor and disease resistance of the southeast Asian mangoes.
One of the results of the project was reportedly a Haden × Carabao (or Philippine-type mango) cross, grown on Simmonds private residence in Miami. The resulting fruit, later named Edward after Edward Simmonds, was found to have outstanding eating qualities and was named and described by David Sturrock in the late 1930s It was published in 1944, and commercial propagation began about 1948.
While generally agreed to have outstanding flavor and above average disease resistance, Edward proved to be a poor producer in Florida despite consistent crops. The color of the fruit was not as outstanding as its parent Haden either. This limited the cultivar as a commercially grown mango for production purposes, though the variety remained popular as a dooryard tree for home growing.
Edward may have been one of the first hybrid crosses of Indian and Indochinese mangoes, though pedigree analysis conducted on the Florida mango cultivars has disputed the Carabao parentage of Edward while estimating that Haden was indeed at least one of the parents. Several Florida mangoes are seedlings of Edward, including Duncan and Young. Like Edward, both were the result of a hybridization program themselves. Edward may also be a parent of Angie and Coconut Cream.
Today, Edward is still propagated by major nurseries in Florida for home growing. Edward trees are planted in the collections of the USDA's germplasm repository in Miami, the University of Florida's Tropical Research and Education Center in Homestead, Florida, and the Miami-Dade Fruit and Spice Park, also in Homestead.
Description
The tree is a vigorous grower with a large, dense canopy. The tree is moderately resistant to anthracnose and is a consistent but poor bearer.
The fruit is oval/oblong shaped with an undulating surface, typically weighing between 16 and 22 oz. The skin possess little wax and is bright yellow in color with a pink to reddish tint with small white speckles. The flesh of the fruit is tender, fiberless, juicy, and deep yellow to orange in color. The flesh has a rich, sweet flavor with a mild, pleasant aroma and contains a monoembryonic seed. The fruit is widely considered to be one of the most excellent tasting mangoes in Florida. It typically matures from May to July in Florida.
References
External links
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2075331381108882722 Video description of 'Edward' by Dr. Jonathan Crane of the University of Florida
Mango cultivars
Flora of Florida
Makedonsko Devojče (, in English meaning: Macedonian Girl) is the fifth studio album by Macedonian singer Karolina Gočeva released in North Macedonia on 26 June 2008 through Avalon Production. The record label City Records released the album in ex-Yugoslavian countries in December of the same year. The composer of all the songs and the main lyricist is Zlatko Origjanski, a member of the Macedonian band Anastasia. Two singles were released to promote the album: "Ptico malečka" and "Za kogo?". Sonically, the album marks the singer's first attempt at an album that is rooted in traditional Macedonian music in an attempt to broaden her musical style. Makedonsko Devojče was the best-selling album in the country during the year of its release. The album's popularity and success prompted Gočeva to release a sequel, titled Makedonsko Devojče 2 (2014). Songs from the album have become an important part of the singer's career and are currently incorporated in set list of her live performances.
Background
Following the release of her album Vo Zaborav (2004) and its corresponding Serbo-Croatian rework (2005), Gočeva decided to depart from her predominantly pop musical style and orient herself towards songs inspired by Macedonian traditional music. According to the singer, Makedonsko Devojče initially served only as an experimental piece of work, with the singer attempting to broaden her musical style. Macedonian musician and member of the band Anastasia was contacted to work on Makedonsko Devojče. During an interview, Gočeva described the album as "typically feminine" due to the songs's melancholic lyrics with which "every woman who has been disappointed in her life" can identify.
The album consists of ten songs from which nine are original compositions entirely written by Origjanski and one, namely "Jas sum nesrekjnica" is a rearranged cover version of a traditional Macedonian song. The album was entirely recorded by Valentino Skenderovski at Enterprise Studios in Skopje between January and May 2008. "Ptico malečka" was released as the album's first single in North Macedonia.
Reception and impact
In 2008, the album won in the category for Best Ethno Album at the Sunčane skale festival, an awards show for Balkan music. In 2008, the album became the best-selling album of that year in Macedonia. According to an interview with Gočeva in 2014, it took several years for the public to start "accepting" the album, but she observed that its impact on the audience lasted long after its release. In retrospect, she felt that her approach to Makedonsko Devojče was slightly less confident than her later projects due to her relatively younger age and lack of experience. The singer explained that although the songs were inspired by Macedonian traditional folk music, her interpretation of them was not a folk one, but rather a more authentic and personal rendering.
Due to the success achieved with Makedonsko Devojče and the public's demand to continue performing similar songs, the singer decided to record a sequel in 2014. The sequel album is titled Makedonsko Devojče 2 and was released on 25 February 2014 in North Macedonia. The second album achieved similar success, being acclaimed by Macedonian music critics and becoming the best-selling album in the country in the year of its release. It was promoted through numerous concerts in North Macedonia and Serbia in 2014 and 2015, during which songs from Makedonsko Devojče 1 were also performed. In 2015, when asked about her future projects and whether she would return to recording pop music as she did before the release of music inspired by Macedonian folklore as in Makedonsko Devojče 1 and Makedonsko Devojče 2 or she would continue in the same direction as those two albums, Gočeva said that "there is no reason why I would not make one more project like that". In 2018, the singer released the album Izvor, following the same sound rooted in Macedonian traditional music; numerous songs from the album Makedonsko Devojče 1 were performed as part of the promotional concerts for that album.
Track listing
Footnotes
No information is available about the writing credits for "Jas sum nesrekjnica" as it is a folklore song
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Makedonsko Devojče.
Duško Božinovski – accordion
Zlatko Origjanski – arrangement, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, songwriting
Ivan Bejkov – bass
Blagojče Trajkovski – clarinet
Sašo Tatarčev – mandola, arrangement
Jane Dunimagloski – mandolin
Trajče Mitrovski – mandolin
Bojan Trajkovski – acoustic guitar
Petar Hristov - tenor saxophone
Boban Milošeski – executive production
Daniel Milošeski – executive production
Aleksandar Sekulovski – percussion
Dino Milosavljević – drums
Dejan Panovski – photography
Valentino Skenderovski – recording, audio mastering, production, organ
Notes
References
External links
Playlist on Karolina's YouTube channel with all the songs from the album
2008 albums
Karolina Gočeva albums
Macedonian-language albums
Beach morning glory is a common name for several plants and may refer to:
Calystegia soldanella, with white or pale-pink flowers
Ipomoea imperati, with white flowers
Ipomoea pes-caprae, with pink or purple flowers
Lake Vereteno is a narrow glacial lake, long, located in the northeast part of Breidnes Peninsula, Vestfold Hills in Princess Elizabeth Land of Antarctica. The lake is approximately south of Luncke Ridge.
The lake was first photographed by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump (1946–47), and subsequently by ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) (1954–58), and the Soviet Antarctic Expedition (1956). It was named Ozero Veretenu (Spindle Lake) by the latter.
Lakes of Princess Elizabeth Land
Ingrid Christensen Coast
The Soul Harmonic EP is the second EP by the Welsh alternative rock band Clockwork Radio. Produced by the band, the album was released on 22 November 2010 on the band's own label, Poly Tune.
Track listing
Members
Clockwork Radio
Rich Williams - vocals, guitar
Dan Wiebe - percussion
Iwan Jones - vocals, guitar
Nadim Mirshak - vocals, bass
Sam Quinn - piano, synths
2010 EPs
Versailles is a chain of five Cuban cuisine restaurants in Los Angeles, California, USA. The first restaurant in this chain opened in 1981 in West Los Angeles, specifically in Culver City on Venice Blvd.
Description
Versailles serves dishes including "Moors and Christians" (as black beans with white rice are called), ropa vieja (a stringy beef stew), eastin lechón (suckling pig with sliced onions), as well as beef tongue, sautéed ox tail, halibut in garlic sauce, and roast chicken in Mojo sauce. The restaurant's "trademark" is the garlic sauce it serves on its shredded roast pork and chicken.
The Lonely Planet guide to California calls it "Country-style Cuban at its finest". In a guide to law schools, the Versailles near UCLA is called a favorite and restaurant critic Jonathan Gold wrote in Counterintelligence that "everybody but me" adores the chicken, black beans, avocado salad and other offerings. TheResident Tourist guide calls it a "Cuban-cuisine dream of a local chain that is good and cheap.". Best Places Los Angeles describes several of the dishes as very good, and calls the chicken with garlic sauce a must, giving it two stars and noting "garlic lovers gather at Versailles, where they often wait in line for a table to order the signature Cuban chicken ... at this casual, dark, divish Havanah style restaurant ..." Meals are commonly served with rice, black beans and fried plantains.
British actress Helen Mirren described an ideal weekend in Los Angeles as going to the beach and having dinner at Versailles.
As of 2009 there were five locations including the original in Culver City on Venice Blvd., and additional branches in Los Angeles on La Cienega Boulevard (), Encino, Manhattan Beach, and Universal City Citywalk. Manhattan Beach and Universal City locations were closed.
References
External links
Official Website
Cuban Food USA website
Cuban-American cuisine
Cuban restaurants
Restaurants in Los Angeles
Restaurants in Greater Los Angeles
Hispanic and Latino American culture in Los Angeles
Regional restaurant chains in the United States
Restaurants established in 1981
1981 establishments in California
The Gloversville-Johnstown Glovers were a minor league baseball team based in Gloversville, New York and Johnstown, New York. They played in the Canadian–American League and were affiliated with the Brooklyn Dodgers (1939), Albany Senators (1940–1941) and St. Louis Browns (1942, 1946–1949).
The Gloversville Glovers were founded in 1937 but the team owner demanded money from the team to stay in Gloversville for 1938 and they didn't pay so he moved the team to Amsterdam, New York and they became the Amsterdam Rugmakers. The town leaders in Gloversville and Johnstown then bought the Brockville Blues for $400 and formed a new version of the team. This team lasted till 1951, though it took four years off during World War II.
External links
Baseball Reference Information on the team
Former Florida Marlins Manager Jack McKeon inducted into Fulton County Baseball and Sports Hall of Fame for his achievements with the Glovers in 1950–1951.
Canadian–American League history
Defunct minor league baseball teams
St. Louis Browns minor league affiliates
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Professional baseball teams in New York (state)
Defunct baseball teams in New York (state)
Ian Wiley (born 5 May 1968 in Chapelizod) is an Irish slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 1986 to 2000.
He is the European Champion in K1 from 1996 in Augsburg. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of fifth in the K1 event in Atlanta in 1996.
Ian Wiley has 4 children.
World Cup individual podiums
References
1968 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Irish male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Ireland
Piqua may refer to:
Pekowi, a band of the Shawnee Native American tribe and the origin of the word "Piqua"
Piqua, Kansas
Piqua, Kentucky
Piqua, Ohio
"Fire" is a song by R&B/funk band Ohio Players. The song was the opening track from the album of the same name and hit No. 1 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and the Hot Soul Singles chart in early 1975. It spent two weeks atop the soul chart. "Fire" was the Ohio Players' only entry on the new disco/dance chart, where it peaked at No. 10. The song is considered to be the band's signature song along with "Love Rollercoaster".
Background
The song was recorded at Mercury Records' Chicago-based studio. While performing it in California, the band let Stevie Wonder hear the basic track for the song and he predicted that it would become a big hit. The song is noted for its sound of a siren recorded from a fire truck, heard at the beginning, as well as in the instrumental break in the middle. The edited version avoided much of the repetition of the music. The composer of Wild Cherry's hit song "Play That Funky Music" has indicated that "Fire" was the inspiration.
Chart positions
Cover versions
A cover of the song was released by Canadian new wave band Platinum Blonde on their third album Contact in 1987.
Also in 1987, Jamaican reggae duo Sly and Robbie covered the song for their album Rhythm Killers. It was released as a single and peaked at No. 60 on the UK Singles Chart.
Funk band Zapp recorded a cover on their 1989 album Zapp V.
Industrial hip hop outfit Tackhead covered the song for their 2014 album For the Love of Money.
In popular culture
It was used as the theme song to the FOX reality series Hell's Kitchen until Season 18.
It was also featured in the fifteenth episode of the fourth season of Gotham.
The song appears in the 2004 movie Ladder 49.
It appears in two 2019 TV commercials: one for the Toyota RAV4, and another for Papa John's Pizza.
"Fire" was referenced in the song "Sweet Revenge" by the Japanese pop group Dreams Come True.
The guitar solo break was frequently used as an outro from the Top Ten segment by The CBS Orchestra on Late Show with David Letterman, with the song's ending added during presentation of the Top Ten on Letterman's final show in 2015.
Sampling
It was sampled in Da Lench Mob's "You and Your Heroes" from Guerillas in tha Mist.
References
External links
[ Song review]
1974 singles
1975 singles
1987 singles
Ohio Players songs
Sly and Robbie songs
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
1974 songs
Mercury Records singles
Eagle House may refer to:
in England
Eagle House, London
Eagle House School, near Sandhurst
Eagle House (suffragette's rest) – house in Somerset which was a base for the suffragettes
in the United States
Eagle House (Lonoke, Arkansas), listed on the NRHP in Arkansas
Eagles Home, Evansville, IN, listed on the NRHP in Indiana
Eagle Mountain House, Jackson, NH, listed on the NRHP in New Hampshire
See also
Eagle's Nest (disambiguation)
Architectural disambiguation pages
Fortuna Calvo-Roth (born 1934) is an American journalist, professor and businesswoman. She was born in Paris to Sephardic Jewish parents, and raised in Lima, Peru.
She emigrated to the United States in 1952 and attended the University of Missouri, majoring in journalism. She returned to Peru to begin a writing career. She was hired as a copy editor at La Prensa, which had been modeled on the New York Herald Tribune. but after three days was informed by the editor-in-chief that he would not employ women in the newsroom. He offered her a job on the society page but she declined.
A year later she got a job at Vision, a Latin American magazine, as the New York correspondent for the Brazil edition. On one assignment she interviewed the editor who had fired her who had become Peru's finance minister. He failed to recognize her, but when he asked her why she was not working in her native country (Peru), she quickly refreshed his memory. She remained at Vision for 12 years, rising to editor-in-chief of the Spanish-language edition, but left in 1969, in part to raise her children.
She attended New York University's School of the Arts, studying film, television and radio. She also studied acting with Stella Adler, and played "Kitty Duval" in William Saroyan's The Time of Your Life.
In 2018 she had a lead role in the play Wait/Espera by Veronica Picone and Jenifer Badamo at the Hudson Guild Theater, NYC, 2018.
She had a guest role in two episodes of the TV series The Blacklist.
She has also acted in a number of commercials, among them for Target, IKEA, Ridgewood Savings Bank, Cheerios.
She taught politics at NYU and Hofstra through the 1980s and also partnered to form Lima's Channel 2 and Vista, a magazine supplement for Latinos in the U.S. She also co-created, with her son, Stephen, Coral Communications Group, which produces the Nueva Onda audio book label.
Affiliations
Member, SAG-AFTRA.
Former Foundation Board of The Graduate from Center at CUNY.
Former Advisory Board of CUNY's Center for Latin American, Caribbean, and Latino Studies.
Former President of the New York chapter of Women in Communications.
Member, The Jury Project, 1994.
Author
What! No Yiddish?, in the anthology "Taking Root. The Lives of Jewish Women in Latin America." (Marjorie Agosin, ed., Ohio University Press).
Awards
Earphones Award from AudioFile magazine for Nueva Onda's “La Sombra de un Pájaro”, 2011
Medal of Honor, University of Missouri School of Journalism, 2018
Woman of Distinction, NY State Senate, 2014
Named among 50 Outstanding Latinas in the U.S. by El Diario-La Prensa, 2002
References
•New York Daily News, "Big Town Big Dreams", p. 28, June 6, 2007.
Sources
New York Daily News, "Big Town Big Dreams", p. 28, June 6, 2007.
El Diario-La Prensa, March 20, 2002
NYPL Digital Collections, 1992
AudioFile magazine, Aug-Sept. 2011
Journal of Peruvian Studies, Academic Publishing Wiki (review)
IMDb
New York University faculty
1934 births
Living people
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
People from Lima
French emigrants to Peru
Peruvian emigrants to the United States
University of Missouri alumni
20th-century Sephardi Jews
21st-century Sephardi Jews
Peruvian Jews
Hofstra University faculty
Skylab is a 2021 Indian Telugu-language period comedy drama film written and directed by debutant Vishvak Khanderao. Produced by Byte Features in association with Nithya Menen Company, the film stars Nithya Menen, Satyadev Kancharana and Rahul Ramakrishna. The plot follows fictitious incidents in a Telangana village preceding the disintegration of the American space station Skylab in 1979. The film traces the fear looming among the villagers in a comical manner in light of these developments.
Skylab was released theatrically on 4 December 2021.
Plot
The film is set in 1979 amidst a remote village Bandalingampalli in Telangana. This is also the time when a US-based Skylab satellite fails and its debris is all set to fall on earth. The information about the satellite falling is communicated to scientists working in India.
Dr. Anand and Subedar Ramarao become friends over the bus journey to Bandalingampalli. Gowri returns from Hyderabad after learning about her father's illness. Due to car's breakdown, she travells in the same bus Anand and Ramarao were traveling. On reaching the village, Gowri learns that her father was well and her mother along with the servant had sent wrong information. Being disappointed about return from the city, she decides to write and post it. Gowri's mother and Vishnu Oi decide to not tell Gowri about the newspaper dismissal. Meanwhile, Anand wants to earn Rs.5000 to re-establish his lost medical license. He decides to team with Ramarao to open the clinic which has been shut for 25 years. Ramarao's family has a lot of debts and his family is against doing menial jobs. Ramarao decides to pawn another of the family's antique jewellery to re-start the clinic. Despite the village panchayat asking him not to reopen the clinic, the duo decides to make it a big village event. Gowri starts looking into how she can get her big story for publication.
The possibility of Skylab falling in India is announced over radio and villagers begin talking about it. The clinic is opened with fanfare and this announcement is communicated. The villagers decide to close the clinic and ask Anand and Ramarao to pay a fine. Gowri meanwhile starts scaring the villagers about the real possibility of Skylab falling in the village. Immediately, the Panchayat chief falls and Anand is called for medication. He tells the villagers that the chief needs to be cared for in the clinic and all of them agree to re-opening. Over a span of 40 days, everyone begins to worry about the real possibility of Skylab crashing in the village and looking for alternate places for protection. Gowri gets an idea to write the story of life of villages from her school teacher and it gets published. Anand who wanted to leave the village after his grandfather paid the sum to get his final license decides against it. Anand and Ramarao successfully help with a childbirth and the entire village is content. Given the circumstances of the D-day, the untouchables entire the temple, the maids and servants use their owner's goods, and everyone attempts to fulfil their wishes. As the day progresses, they learn Skylab has fallen into Indian Ocean over the radio and everyone is elated.
Cast
Nithya Menen as Gowri
Satyadev Kancharana as Dr. Anand
Rahul Ramakrishna as Subedar Ramarao
Tanikella Bharani as Sadashivam, Anand's grandfather
Vishnu Oi as Seenu
G. V. Narayana Rao as Venkataraju, Gowri's father
Tulasi as Padma, Gowri's mother
Subbaraya Sharma as Sudarshan Rao, Telugu schoolmaster
Tharun Bhascker as a scientist (Cameo)
Production
Debutant writer-director Vishvak Khanderao wrote Skylab from the stories he heard in his village in Karimnagar district of Telangana about the crashing American space station Skylab in 1979. In an interview with The Hindu, Khanderao talked about the storyline. "The main characters are eccentric and the story not only explores what happens when the news of Skylab's crash breaks out, but also the human psyche. The comedy is situational and in sync with the characters," he added.
Nithya Menen, Satyadev Kancharana and Rahul Ramakrishna play the principal characters of Skylab. The film also marked Menen's maiden production venture. She also spoke in Telangana dialect for the first time in the film. Skylab began its production in March 2020 but was halted after a day of shoot due to the COVID-19 pandemic and resumed later. The film was released on 4 December 2021.
Reception
Writing for The Hindu, Sangeetha Devi Dundoo called the film "a charming tale of a peculiar village." Dundoo appreciated the performances, stating, "Nithya is credible as the aristocrat who yearns for her identity but hasn't yet worked enough for it and Satya Dev looks every bit the opportunist who later has a change of heart and has a homecoming of sorts." Rating 3 stars of 5, Thadagadh Pathi of The Times of India wrote, "This is a rare film where there's no such thing as a ‘lead' because it's the story that's the hero of the tale. Director Vishvak Kanderao truly pours life into the character inhabiting this world, aided by heart-touching dialogues."
Appreciating the storyline and performances, The News Minute critic Balakrishna Ganeshan said, "While Skylab is largely fun, sans violence, and a well-intentioned film, some of the scenes are inorganic." In his review for Cinema Express, Ram Venkat Srikar praised the technical values of the film, writing, "Prashanth R Vihari's lovely score wonderfully captures the varying moods without overselling the emotion. Ravi Teja Girijala's editing finds simple yet inventive methods to exalt simple scenes and montages. Aditya Javvadi's camera and lighting are in a duet throughout, and yet the frames never come across as flashy."
Anji Shetty of Sakshi appreciated Khanderao for picking a novel storyline but opined that he couldn't translate the humour and narration well onto the screen. A reviewer from Eenadu also felt the same, saying that the film's pacing could have been better.
References
External links
2021 comedy-drama films
Indian comedy-drama films
Films set in 1979
Films set in Telangana
Films shot in Telangana
Film productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
2021 directorial debut films
Indian films based on actual events
Indian historical drama films
Skylab program
Films about outer space
Films set on spacecraft
Muthassi is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by Sargam Pictures. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sheela, Jose Prakash and Alummoodan in the lead roles. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Venu
Sheela as Mary/Geetha
Jose Prakash as Unnikrishnan
Alummoodan as Menon
Aranmula Ponnamma as Muthassi
Baby Rajani as Baiju
Baby Rani as Babu
Baby Sumathi as Rekha
Bahadoor as Raghavan
K. P. Ummer as Vikraman
Meena as Meenakshi
Philomina as Madhavi
Veeran as Swami
Ragini as Mary
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Mihai Trăistariu (; born December 16, 1979 in Constanța, Romania), also known as simply Mihai (stylized as M I H A I or MIHAI), is a Romanian singer and songwriter. He is best known for representing Romania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 held in Athens, Greece, where he placed 4th with his song, "Tornerò". The track gained commercial success, selling over one million units worldwide and influencing the trajectory of Trăistariu's career.
Career
Trăistariu comes from an artistic family. His father, Gheorghe Trăistariu, was a well-known painter of Piatra Neamț, while his mother, Natalia Trăistariu, studied medicine and sang in her youth. Trăistariu has three siblings: Geanina, Constantin and Vasile Trăistariu. All four play a musical instrument, with Mihai playing the piano. Trăistariu studied piano for 10 years with a private teacher and graduated from the Alexandru Ioan Cuza University in Iași with a double major in mathematics and informatics, as well as from the Theatre University in Constanța and the National College Petru Rareș in Piatra Neamț, but chose to pursue a music career. When he was 16 years old, Trăistariu began to take lessons in acting and directing with Romanian actor Corneliu Dan Borcia, the manager of Teatrul Tineretului, the Youth Theater in Piatra Neamț. He joined the jazz courses of the Student House in Iaşi, led by Romanian composer and teacher Romeo Cozma.
In 2006, Trăistariu was chosen to represent Romania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with his song "Tornerò", placing fourth in the Grand Final. Trăistariu is one of the few male singers in the world that has a five-octave range, earning him the nickname "the male Mariah Carey".
Selecția Națională participations
Trăistariu has competed nine times in the Selecția Națională, a pre-selection show to select Romania's entrant for the Eurovision Song Contest. He won the competition in 2006, while placing second in 2017 and in 2000 with his then-band Valahia.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
References
External links
Eurodance Contest
1976 births
Living people
People from Piatra Neamț
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Romania
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 2006
Italian-language singers
Countertenors
Alexandru Ioan Cuza University alumni
21st-century Romanian male singers
Glen Philip Hart (born July 31, 1946) is a Canadian provincial politician. He was a Saskatchewan Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan and represented the constituency of Last Mountain-Touchwood from 1999 to 2020. He chaired the Standing Committee on Human Services as well as participating in the Caucus Human Services Standing Policy Committee, and served as deputy speaker of the assembly from 2011 to 2020. His career has included many managerial positions in both provincial and federal government. Aside from representing Last Mountain-Touchwood, he also ran the family farm.
References
External links
Biography at the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan
MLA Website
Living people
Saskatchewan Party MLAs
1946 births
21st-century Canadian politicians
Stewart Alexander Gray (born 16 October 1950) was an English professional footballer who played as a defender.
References
1950 births
Living people
Footballers from Doncaster
English footballers
Association football defenders
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Frickley Athletic F.C. players
English Football League players
A videophile (literally, "one who loves sight") is one who is concerned with achieving high-quality results in the recording and playback of movies, TV programs, etc.
Similar to audiophile values, videophile values may be applied at all stages of the chain: the initial audio-visual recording, the video production process, and the playback (usually in a home setting).
Some of the aspects of video that most videophiles are concerned with include frame rate, color system, resolution, compression artifacts, motion artifacts, video noise, screen size, etc.
The term "videophile" was popularised, if not coined, by Tallahassee, Florida-based attorney and writer Jim Lowe, editor and publisher of The Videophile's Newsletter, the first issue of which appeared in the summer of 1976. This was the first publication to unite fans of the Sony Betamax home video recorder (and later VHS, introduced in 1977). The newsletter later became The Videophile, a nationally distributed magazine, the last issue of which was published in 1981.
See also
Audiophile
Broadcast quality
Professional audio
References
Film and video technology
Digital television
High-definition television
Hobbies
The 1948 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 24th season in the Victorian Football League and 47th overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
Çağış is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 121 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Vytautas Kazimieras Jonynas (10 March 1907 in Ūdrija, near Alytus – 4 December 1997 in Vilnius) was a Lithuanian artist. He worked as a book illustrator, graphic, painter, sculptor, stained glass artist, posters and furniture designer.
Biography
After studying in Kalvarija and graduating from high school in Kaunas, Jonynas started art studies at the Kaunas Art School. Jonynas attended Adomas Varnas (painting) and Adomas Galdikas (graphics) studios. In 1931 he moved to Paris, where he earned a degree in xylography and book illustrating. Later he studied wood sculpture and cabinetmaker crafts in Ècole Boulle. In 1935 he held his first personal exhibition. After completing his studies in France Jonynas returned to Lithuania. His illustration for Kristijonas Donelaitis Metai became classics of the genre. At the time he was teaching at Kaunas Art School. In 1937 he was elected as a member of the International Sculpture Commission. The same year Jonynas was awarded Golden medal in the international exhibition in Paris for his woodcarvings and posters. In 1938 he was awarded a Cross of Order of the French Legion of Honour. From 1936 until 1941 Jonynas worked as preservation specialist in Lithuanian inspection of cultural heritage, later became chief of the organization.
In 1944 Jonynas retreated to Germany, where he lived until 1950. He then moved to the United States. He was active in Lithuanian cultural life in exile. With assistance from Schmittlein, Jonynas founded an art school in Freiburg im Breisgau (École des Arts et Métiers) and supervised it. In Germany Jonynas started illustrating bibliographic books again. One of his last works in xylography was illustrations for Raymond Schmittlein's study on Prosper Mérimée Lokis created in 1949. He also created illustrations for Shakespeare's Hamlet, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's die Leiden des Jungen Werthers, (published by Karl Alber; the illustrations were bought by the Goethe-Schiller Institute) and Le Siège de Mayence. Le Siège was the first book that Jonynas illustrated using aquarelle and not xylography.
In the United States Jonynas continued to illustrate books, although he changed his technique. During 1955–1979 Jonynas designed interiors for over 60 churches in the United States, Europe, and Australia. He also created a new technique joining stained glass, fresco and bass-relief when he was commissioned to create a mural at Rikers Island, New York. In 1955 he founded and art studio Jonynas and Shepherd Art studio, Inc. in New York. Jonynas also designed Chapel of Lithuanian Martyrs in St. Peter's Basilica and decorated Vatican City pavilion for the 1964 New York World's Fair. Jonynas taught at the Catan-Rose Institute of Fine Arts (1951–1957) and Fordham University (1957–1973).
Jonynas is also known for his designs of postal stamps for interwar Lithuania. He also designed over 50 stamps for the French Occupation zone in Germany (described as among the most artistic German stamps), France, and Vatican (1959). The Vatican stamp commemorated the 500th birthday anniversary of Lithuanian patron Saint Casimir. Jonynas was also asked to create a postal stamp for the United Nations to commemorate Universal Declaration of Human Rights, but the stamp was not printed due political reasons.
Works
Vytautas Kazimieras Jonynas left a large number of graphics, stained glass works, sculptures, book illustrations. Jonynas brought back to Lithuanian most of his works. The largest collection of his works is preserved at his name art gallery-home in Druskininkai. Jonynas donated all of his creative works to Lithuania. He was buried in Antakalnis Cemetery, Vilnius.
Awards
Cross of Order of the French Legion of Honour, Officers rank (1938)
Vilnius Academy of Fine Arts awarded him honorary doctor title
Honorary citizen of Druskininkai
Commander's Cross of the Order of Grand Duke of Lithuania Gediminas (1993)
Elected into National Academy of Design (1973)
References
Andriušytė-Žukienė, Rasa. Akistatos : dailininkas Vytautas Kazimieras Jonynas pasaulio meno keliuose, Vilnius, Lietuvos dailės muziejus, 2007, 239 p.-
External links
Vytautas Kazimieras Jonynas gallery
1907 births
1997 deaths
People from Alytus District Municipality
Lithuanian emigrants to the United States
Lithuanian graphic designers
Lithuanian xylographers
Lithuanian illustrators
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Commander's Crosses of the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas
20th-century Lithuanian sculptors
Male sculptors
20th-century male artists
20th-century Lithuanian painters
Fordham University faculty
Burials at Antakalnis Cemetery
The Kawasaki Z900 is a standard motorcycle of the Kawasaki Z series made by Kawasaki since 2017. It replaced the Z800.
References
Z900
Standard motorcycles
Motorcycles introduced in 2017
Diwata-2 or Diwata-2B is a Philippine microsatellite launched on October 29, 2018. It is the first satellite launched under the STAMINA4Space program.
Development
The satellite was developed by 11 scholars under the Philippine Department of Science and Technology (DOST), in cooperation with the Tohoku University and Hokkaido University in contrast to 9 DOST scholars who worked with Diwata-1, Diwata-2's predecessor.
Unlike its predecessor, Diwata-2 takes advantage of radio communication technology by carrying an amateur radio payload for disaster relief purposes. The satellite also hosts all embedded features of its predecessor.
The planning phase of the Diwata-2's development includes a simulation model, a mechanical test model, an engineering model and a flight model. This stage ended with the flight model which was completed on August 29, 2018, and was handed over to the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) on the following day.
Instruments
Weighing , Diwata-2 hosts an amateur radio payload which will enable people in the Philippines to relay messages through ham radio to any part of the country. This function is meant for disaster relief operations. The satellite will also carry Spaceborne Multispectral Imager (SMI) with liquid crystal tunable filter (LCTF) for environmental monitoring, and a high precision telescope (HPT) for rapid post-disaster assessment. Compared to Diwata-1 which hosted wide and middle field cameras, Diwata-2 will host enhanced resolution cameras. The SMI, is equipped with an upgraded enhanced spatial resolution camera allowing the satellite to produce sharper images than the Diwata-1. It will also have deployable solar panels to power the satellite's payloads.
Launch and mission
The satellite was targeted by the DOST to be deployed as early as the second quarter of 2018. The projected launch date was later adjusted at least twice; June 2018 and later pushed forward to fourth quarter of 2018.
It was announced that on October 26, 2018, the satellite would be launched to space via the H-IIA from Japan at the Tanegashima Space Center at around 13:08 and 13:20 (JST). Unlike Diwata-1, Diwata-2 will be directly deployed from the rocket that will carry it from space and not from the International Space Station like its predecessor. The satellite, which piggybacked on the bigger Japanese satellite Gosat-2 will be propelled to an elevation of above sea level.
On October 29, 2018, the satellite was launched directly into orbit at 13:51 (UTC+9). Communication between the satellite and the DOST-ASTI's ground station in Quezon City was first established on October 29 at 21:52 (UTC+8).
Diwata-2 will have the same mission as its predecessor, Diwata-1. It has a sun-synchronous orbit having been equipped with an experimental sun sensor which would allow the operators to determine the position of the satellite in respective to the sun and it will orbit at an altitude of above sea level. It will also have a fixed visit interval time unlike its predecessor, meaning it will hover above the same position on Earth for every 16 days. The satellite has a projected life expectancy of five years.
Diwata-2 carries an amateur radio payload and was designated as PO-101 by AMSAT. It is designated with the amateur call sign DW4TA by the National Telecommunications Commission of the Philippines.
See also
Agila-2
Space program of the Philippines
References
Earth imaging satellites
Satellites of the Philippines
2018 in the Philippines
Spacecraft launched in 2018
Spacecraft launched by H-II rockets
Amateur radio satellites
STAMINA4Space program
Magnus Berggren (born 1968), is a Swedish professor of organic electronics at Linköping University.
Magnus Berggren was born in Skara, Sweden. In 1991 he received a master's degree in physics and in 1996 a doctoral degree in physics at Linköping University. He then joined Bell Laboratories in the United States, for a one-year post doc research period. In 2001 he was appointed as a professor of organic electronics at Linköping University.
His research addresses how to utilise organic electronics in novel applications such as in printed-paper electronics and in biology applications.
In 2011 Magnus Berggren became an elected member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. Since 2005 he has been the Director of the Strategic Research Centre for Organic Bioelectronics, OBOE, at Linköping University, which is funded by the Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research.
External links
Electronics on Paper, Linköping University, 2011-11-17
Publications, Magnus Berggren, Linköping University Electronic Press
Magnus Berggren: Artificial Nervous Systems and Electronic Plants, SPIE Newsroom
References
Swedish physicists
Linköping University faculty
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
1968 births
Living people
The East Siberian Lowland (), also known as Yana-Kolyma Lowland, is a vast plain in Northeastern Siberia, Russia. The territory of the lowland is one of the Great Russian Regions. Administratively it is part of the Sakha Republic (Yakutia).
Owing to the harshness of the climate the East Siberian Lowland is largely unpopulated. Inhabited centers are small and widely scattered. Chokurdakh, Olenegorsk, Nizhneyansk, Russkoye Ustye, Zyryanka, Srednekolymsk, Argakhtakh and Andryushkino are among the few towns in the area.
Geography
The East Siberian Lowland is an extensive region located in the far north-east of Siberia. It is roughly triangular in shape and is about from east to west and from north to south, gradually rising and narrowing southwards, deeper into the continent. Except for a small section at the southern end the lowland region lies almost wholly north of the Polar Circle. The lowland includes the Yana-Indigirka, Kolyma and Aby lowlands, vast alluvial plains, swampy and dotted with thousands of lakes. These smaller lowland units are limited by residual ridges which break the generally flat relief, including the Kyundyulyun, Polousny Range, Ulakhan-Sis, Kondakov Plateau and Suor Uyata, as well as by isolated hills rising from the tundra, such as the Kisilyakh-Tas by the Alazeya. Most of the kigilyakhs of Yakutia are found in these elevated areas of the East Siberian Lowland.
To the north the East Siberian Lowland is bound by shallow marginal seas of the Arctic Ocean, the Laptev Sea and the East Siberian Sea. It includes the large New Siberian Islands and the smaller Medvezhy Islands, which form a continuum with the Eastern Siberian continental lowland region. To the west, south and southwest the lowland is limited by the East Siberian Mountains, including the Verkhoyansk Range, the Chersky Range and their foothills, as well as by the Alazeya Plateau, and to the east by the western end of the ranges of the Anadyr and the Yukaghir Highlands.
The lowlands are crossed by slowly meandering rivers flowing mostly northwards. The main ones are the Yana, Indigirka and Kolyma and their tributaries, as well as the smaller Omoloy, Alazeya, Sundrun and Khroma rivers. Except for the very large ones, most of the rivers of the lowland freeze to the bottom in the winter.
Continuous permafrost is prevalent in the East Siberian Lowlands, and permafrost-related formations such as alas thermokarst depressions and baydzharakh mounds are common throughout the region.
Geology
Geologically the lowland is mainly composed of sediments of marine origin. these date back to the time when the area was occupied by the Verkhoyansk Sea, an ancient sea which took up most of the basin of the present-day Yana River and the upper reaches of the Indigirka in the Permian period. The Verkhoyansk Sea was located at the eastern edge of the Siberian Craton. As centuries went by, most of the area became gradually filled with the alluvial deposits of modern rivers.
Climate, flora and fauna
The climate prevailing in the lowland is subarctic and severe, characterized by long, very cold winters. The average temperature in January is by the seashore and inland. In July the average temperature reaches by the seashore, but stays a chilly in the inland zone.
Most of the lowland is covered by tundra. Only at the southern end in the upper Kolyma River basin there is a region where larch taiga can grow.
There are wild reindeer herds in the Sundrun River that have a yearly migration pattern. The total reindeer population of the East Siberian Lowland, however, is small when compared with other areas, such as the Canadian Arctic. Rivers and lakes are abundant in fish, such as Arctic char (golets), Siberian vendace, chir, East Siberian grayling, muksun, nelma and omul. In the summer the wetlands are home to large populations of migratory birds, including the Siberian crane, Brent goose, Bewick's swan and the spectacled eider.
See also
List of ecoregions in Russia
Northeast Siberian coastal tundra
Yedoma
References
External links
Wetlands in Russia - Vol.4
In the European Commission, a cabinet (the French pronunciation, cab-ee-nay, is used) is the personal office of a European Commissioner. The role of a cabinet is to give political guidance to its Commissioner. Members of a cabinet are equivalent, within UK Government nomenclature, to a special adviser or "SPAD". Technical policy preparation is handled by the European Civil Service. The term is not to be confused with the European Commission's top decision making-body known in EU-lexicon, as the "College of Commissioners" (referred to in most political systems as a cabinet).
Composition
The Commissioner's cabinets are seen as the real concentration of power within the Commission and consist of six members, but the exact membership faces restrictions. Two must be women, no more than three can be of the same nationality as the Commissioner and it must also reflect the Union's regional diversity. However the exact makeup does change throughout the Commissioner's term. The head member is known by its French translation: Chef de Cabinet.
Special chefs
Special chefs are a meeting of a member of each cabinet (for a certain area), the legal service and the secretariat general. They perform last minute preparations to proposed laws before they go before the College of Commissioners, but they are a "political equivalent of a College of Cardinals" with a great degree of cloak and dagger work.
The most "special" of these is the group for inter-institutional relations (formerly Parliamentary affairs) as it provides the Commission with an early warning on what the European Parliament is thinking - before it rejects the Commission's proposals. The most astute civil servants get sent to these meetings.
The heads of cabinets meet weekly in the "Hebdo" - the most important meeting of European Civil Servants who direct the work of the Commission and the Commissioners.
See also
European Civil Service
Secretariat-General of the European Commission
Directorate-General for Legal Service (European Commission)
References
Inline citations
General references
External links
President's cabinet
Civil Service of the European Union
European Commission
Rachel Specter (born April 9, 1980) is an American writer, producer and actress. She was a producer and writer of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (2015–2019). She began her career as an actress but since has written for the TV series like One Tree Hill and Cougar Town, and produced Hyperlinked (2017) and Indebted (2020).
Life and career
Specter was born in Tampa, Florida. She graduated from the University of Florida, with honors. She played the role of Courtney in The House Bunny, and guest-starred in episodes of How I Met Your Mother, Gilmore Girls, What I Like About You, and Entourage. She has also appeared on Attack of the Show!, The Feed, and the web series Long Distance Relationship.
Before concentrating on behind the scenes work, Specter appeared as one of the actresses for the Sunsilk Color Showdown ad campaign. She was also known for a series of ads for RGX from Right Guard, Procter & Gamble's mid-2000s competitor against Axe, along with ads for Jack Link's Beef Jerky.
In 2018, Specter directed an episode of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, alongside her longtime producing and writing partner Audrey Wauchope. However due to a Directors Guild of America regulation regarding only established duos being granted directing credit, only Wauchope was able to be credited for the episode, and Wauchope and Rachel Bloom have taken up the cause for Specter to be credited equally for her direction.
Filmography
2007 American Family as Amy Foster – television series
2007 My Sexiest Year as Sue Ryker
2008 Prom Night as Taylor
2008 The House Bunny as Courtney
2009 Alone in the Dark II as Natalie
2009 Deep in the Valley as Bambi Cummings
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
American female models
American television actresses
Actresses from Tampa, Florida
University of Florida alumni
Female models from Florida
Writers from Tampa, Florida
American film actresses
21st-century American actresses
Ney-anbān (, numerous Latin spellings), is a type of bagpipe which is popular in southern Iran, especially around Bushehr. The term ney-anban literally means "bag pipe", but more specifically can refer to a type of droneless double-chantered bagpipes played in Southern Iran. This is similar to the Bahrainian jirba played by ethnic Iranians in the Persian Gulf islands.
In Bushehr, the ney-anban is used to accompany sarva, the singing of free-metre couplets.
Orthography
Latin spelling of the name of this pipe include: ney-hanbān, ney-anbun, ney ammbooni, nai-ambana hanbun, hanbuneh, nay-anban.
External links
Ney-anbān, video by Saeid Shanbezadeh
References
Persian musical instruments
Persian Gulf musical instruments
Iranian inventions
Bagpipes
Purnachandra Bidika (born 4 April 1957) is a Powerlifter from Odisha who won 4 gold medals in 2006-World Power Lifting Championship. Bidika hails from an adivasi family of Rayagada, Odisha. The Chief Minister of Orissa has made a financial assistance of Rs.2 lakhs for his participation in international event.
Achievements
Other awards and achievements
Finished 3rd in 60-kg Master-II category of World power lifting championship held in Palmspring City in the USA in 2008
Won District level Weight lifting championship in 1985 which he continued to win for consecutive 7 times
Won 52-kg Master Title at the National Arms Wrestling Championship in Bhilai
Won 52-kg Master Title at the National Arms Wrestling Championship in U.P. in 2006
References
1957 births
Living people
Weightlifters from Odisha
The russet-tailed thrush (Zoothera heinei) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae, closely related to the more widespread Bassian thrush (Zoothera lunulata). It is found in eastern Australia and Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
russet-tailed thrush
Birds of Queensland
Birds of Papua New Guinea
russet-tailed thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Jean Cabanis
Whiterow is a small coastal hamlet, on the east coast of Caithness, lying 1 mile southeast of Wick, Scottish Highlands. It is in the Scottish council area of Highland. It lies within the Civil Parish of Wick.
References
Populated places in Caithness
Richard Heath Rohmer (born 24 January 1924) is a Canadian aviator, lawyer, adviser, author and historian.
Rohmer was born in Hamilton, Ontario, and spent some of his early youth in Pasadena, California, as well as in western Ontario at Windsor and Fort Erie. The Peterborough Examiner's lead editorial of 14 January 2009 describes Rohmer as "one of Canada's most colourful figures of the past half-century". General Rohmer served as honorary advisor to the Chief of the Defence Staff of the Canadian Armed Forces from 2014 to 2017. He was the advisor to the Minister of Veterans Affairs for the organization and conduct of Canada's celebration of the 70th Anniversary of D-Day celebrations in Normandy in June 2014 and the 70th Anniversary of the Liberation of Holland in May 2015. He is a veteran of D-Day, the Battle of Normandy and the Liberation of Holland.
Military career
After his studies in high school he worked briefly at Fleet Aerospace before joining in 1942 on his 18th birthday the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF). In Europe in 1943–44 as a reconnaissance pilot flying North American Mustang fighters he completed a 135 mission tour of operations at the end of November 1944 in Holland. On 17 July 1944, he had spotted a fast moving staff car, usually used to carry German officers. According to Rohmer, the German officer being carried was Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. Rohmer reported the car's location to Group Control Centre, which sent in a Spitfire piloted by Canadian Charley Fox. Rohmer took part in D-Day and the Battles of Normandy, Belgium and Holland. He is now the senior surviving Canadian veteran of all of those Battles.
In 1945 he was demobilized and transferred to the Royal Canadian Naval Reserve (RCN(R)), where he was appointed as a lieutenant (P) RCN(R) with seniority. He served at HMCS Hunter in Windsor, Ontario, as commanding officer University Naval Training Division (UNTD) from 1946 until he retired in 1948.
In 1950, he returned to the RCAF (Reserve) flying Vampire jets and commanding 400 Squadron (City of Toronto) and 411 Squadron (County of York). He retired in 1953 as a wing commander.
In 1971, he was appointed honorary Lieutenant-Colonel (and later Honorary Colonel) of 411 Air Reserve Squadron. In April 1975, he was promoted to Brigadier-General and appointed Senior Air Reserve Advisor. On 1 April 1976, he was appointed commander of the newly formed Air Reserve Group. On 31 January 1978 he was promoted to the rank of major-general and appointed Chief of Reserves. He was appointed a commander of the Order of Military Merit in December 1978 and left the military in January 1981.
On 22 December 2014, Major-General (Retired) Rohmer was named honorary advisor to the Canadian Armed Forces Chief of the Defence Staff, a three-year appointment "...created to recognize MGen (Ret'd) Rohmer's contributions to the Canadian Armed Forces, and the unique advice and guidance that he provides to the Chief of the Defence Staff, drawing from his wealth of experience in service to Canada".
On 26 June 2015, in his capacity as honorary advisor to the Chief of the Defence Staff, General Rohmer was promoted to the rank of Honorary Lieutenant General by the outgoing and incoming Chiefs of the Defence Staff.
Political career
From 1957 to 1959, Rohmer was a councillor on North York township council representing Ward 1, the township's easternmost district, which included Don Mills, where his family had lived since 1954.
In 1958, he unsuccessfully challenged Hollis Beckett, the incumbent Progressive Conservative MPP in the riding of York East, for the Conservative nomination for the 1959 Ontario general election.
In the 1960s, he supported John Robarts's successful candidacy to lead the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party and then served as a senior advisor and legal counsel to Premier Robarts for three years. He and Robarts conceived the idea, adopted by the provincial legislature in 1965, that the province adopt a provincial flag modelled on the red ensign. The move was in response to the Great Canadian flag debate in which the federal government decided to drop the Canadian Red Ensign in favour of the maple leaf flag.
Rohmer is a monarchist.
Mid-Canada Corridor
In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Rohmer promoted a plan for a megaproject to develop and populate the Canadian sub-Arctic which he called the "Mid-Canada Corridor". While the plan interested some industrialists, CEOs, bankers, and the railways, it failed to win support from the Canadian government.
Legal career
Rohmer, who completed his legal studies at Osgoode Hall Law School, was called to the Bar in 1951, appointed Queen's Counsel in 1960, and currently holds "not practising law" status with the Law Society of Ontario.
During his law practice he was counsel before several administrative tribunals in land use and transportation. His major official plan change success occurred in 1972 when as counsel for Canadian National Railway and Canadian Pacific Railway and their subsidiaries he appeared before the Ontario Municipal Board in a six-week contested hearing that resulted in the change of the official plan for all of the railway use lands around Union Station from Yonge Street to Bathurst Street (185 acres) to a high density mix of residential, commercial, entertainment, hotels, sport centres and other uses including construction of the CN Tower. That official plan is the basis for years of enormous development on the lands - lands then and now worth billions of dollars. It was the largest official plan change in the history of Canada.
Literary activities
Two of Rohmer's better-known novels are Ultimatum and Separation. Ultimatum, published in 1973, features political, economic, and energy crisis themes as well as the author's opinion about the viability of the Canadian nation. It is Rohmer's most popular novel and it was the best-selling novel in Canada in 1973. Three years later, Rohmer published Separation, a novel with domestic and international political themes surrounding the ambition of Quebec separatists to establish the Canadian province as a separate nation. It stayed on the Toronto Star's best-seller list for 22 weeks. Separation was made into a television movie in 1977, and aired on the CTV network. Barry Morse was cast for a brief appearance as the British prime minister.
He is a well known Canadian author of both fiction and non-fiction. Throughout his literary career he has published over thirty books. His most recent non-fiction is The Building of the CN Tower published 2011 by RailCore Press Inc. of which he is president. His most recent novel, Ultimatum 2 was published early 2007. It fictionalizes a confrontation between the US and Russia against Canada over the building of an international high level nuclear waste disposal site in Arctic Canada. The second edition of his historical novel on the 1866–67 Canadian negotiations with the British for autonomy under the British North American Act is Sir John A's Crusade and Seward's Magnificent Folly.
Rohmer chaired the Royal Commission on Book Publishing in 1971–72.
Volunteer work
He was twice chancellor of the University of Windsor, serving a total of 13 years. In 1978, he negotiated the donation of Conrad Black's collection of Duplessis papers in exchange for an honorary degree.
He was a charter member of his local (Don Mills) Civitan club, and he served as treasurer of the international organization. His position allowed him to meet U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower to present Civitan's World Citizenship Award.
He was chairman of the 60th anniversary of D-Day celebrations that took place in the presence of the Queen at Juno Beach in Normandy on 6 June 2004. As ministerial advisor to the Minister of Veterans Affairs he took part in the planning, preparation and execution of the government's celebration of the 70th Anniversary of D-Day at Juno Beach, France, on 6 June 2014, and was similarly engaged in the plans for the in-Holland Canadian celebration of the 70th Anniversary of the Liberation of the Netherlands on 5 May 2015. He is now one of the very few surviving Canadian veterans of both of those Battles (Normandy and Holland).
He co-chaired the Ontario advisory committee that created the veterans' memorial unveiled on 17 September 2006 in front of the provincial legislature at Queen's Park, was chair of the Premier's Ceremonial Advisory Committee (2006-2014), and was a ten-year member of the advisory council of the Order of Ontario.
Rohmer currently holds the following honorary positions: honorary deputy commissioner of the Ontario Provincial Police; honorary chief of Toronto Paramedic Services; patron of the Toronto St. John's Ambulance (1978–2007), honorary fire chief of Collingwood, Ontario, and honorary chief of the Toronto Police Service. He is also the original honorary Chief of Paramedics in Ontario, and during the period 1978-2007 was patron of the Toronto division of St. John's Ambulance.
Family
Rohmer lives by himself in Collingwood, Ontario. His wife of 70 years, Mary Olivia (nicknamed Mary-O), passed away in January 2020. He also practices aviation litigation with the Toronto law firm of Rohmer & Fenn. He has two daughters, Ann Rohmer, a TV personality, and Catherine, a lawyer. He is a licensed pilot.
Bibliography
Practice and Procedure Before the Highway Transport Board (1965)
The Green North: Mid-Canada (1970)
The Royal Commission on Book Publishing (Chair, 1972)
The Arctic Imperative (1973) Toronto, McClelland and Stewart
Ultimatum (1973) Toronto, Clarke, Irwin
Exxoneration (1974)
Exodus UK (1975) Toronto : McClelland and Stewart
Separation (1976) McClelland and Stewart
Balls! (1980)
Periscope Red (1980)
Poems by Arthur Henry Ward (1980)
Separation two (1981)
Pattons Gap (1981) New York : Beaufort Books
Triad (1982)
Retaliation (1982)
Massacre 747 (1984)
Rommel and Patton (1986)
Starmageddon (1986)
Hour of the Fox (1988)
Red Arctic (1989)
John A.'s Crusade (1995)
Death by Deficit (1996)
Caged Eagle (2002)
Raleigh on the Rocks (2002)
Generally Speaking (autobiography, 2004) Toronto, Dundurn Group
Ultimatum 2 (2007) Toronto, Dundurn
Building of the CN Tower (2011)
Building of the Sky Dome/Rogers Centre (2012)
Sir John A's Crusade and Seward's Magnificent Folly (2013)
Poems by A H Ward
Practice and Procedure before the Ontario Highway Transport Board
Report of the Royal Commission on Book Publishing (co-author)
Honours
Appointed as a Queen's Counsel (QC) in 1960.
Honorary Chief of Toronto Police Service (TPS) on 26 March 2015
Named as "The Most Interesting Canadian" by the National Post
Honorary degrees
Richard Rohmer has received many honorary degrees in recognition of his service to Canada, these include:
References
External links
1924 births
Canadian Forces Air Command generals
Canadian university and college chancellors
Living people
Writers from Hamilton, Ontario
Commanders of the Order of Military Merit (Canada)
Officers of the Order of Canada
Royal Canadian Air Force personnel of World War II
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Members of the Order of Ontario
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Knights of the Order of St John
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Lawyers in Ontario
Canadian expatriates in the United States
Canadian speculative fiction writers
Canadian biographers
Canadian historical novelists
Canadian World War II pilots
Canadian political consultants
Ontario municipal councillors
Canadian monarchists
Peperomia caperata, the emerald ripple peperomia, is a species of flowering plant in the family Piperaceae, native to Brazil. It is a mound-forming evergreen perennial growing to tall and wide, with corrugated heart-shaped leaves, and narrow spikes of white flowers long, in summer.
With a minimum temperature requirement of , P. caperata must be grown indoors in most temperate regions. It is a popular houseplant, and numerous cultivars have been developed, of which 'Luna Red' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
References
External links
The Internet Peperomia Reference
House plants
caperata
Sugar Creek Elementary School or Sugarcreek Elementary School may refer to:
Sugar Creek Elementary School, Bentonville School District, Bentonville, Arkansas
Sugar Creek Elementary School, McLean County Unit District No. 5, Normal, Illinois
Sugar Creek Elementary School, North Montgomery School Corporation, Montgomery County, Indiana
Sugar Creek Elementary School, Community School Corporation of Southern Hancock County, New Palestine, Indiana
Sugar Creek Elementary School, Independence Public School District, Sugar Creek, Missouri
Sugar Creek Elementary School, York County School District 4, Fort Mill, South Carolina
Sugar Creek Elementary School, Verona Area School District, Verona, Wisconsin
Sugarcreek Elementary School, Karns City Area School District, Cowansville, Pennsylvania
Aldwych tramway station (separate from Aldwych Underground station) was a tram stop underneath Kingsway, a road in central London, England. It was built in 1906 by the London County Council Tramways as part of the Kingsway tramway subway, joining the separate networks of tramways in North and South London.
Services
Tram services commenced on 24 February 1906, running from Angel through Holborn, the other station in the tram subway, to Aldwych. Through services across London began on 10 April 1908, running from Highbury station through Holborn and then east to Tower Bridge or south to Kennington Gate.
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses, the station closed just after 12.30am on 6 April 1952.
Redevelopment
In 1964, the Strand Underpass, a road tunnel, was opened to alleviate northbound traffic flow from Waterloo Bridge to Kingsway. The underpass took over a section of the tram subway, and rises at its north end through the site of the former Holborn tramway station. No sign of either of the former stations is visible on the surface or from the road tunnel.
External links
Includes an illustrated account of a visit to the site in November 2003
LCC Tramways 1914 Map showing routes south of Aldwych station
Transport architecture in London
Trams in London
Panaji Assembly constituency is one of the 40 Legislative Assembly constituencies of Goa state in India.
It is part of North Goa district.
Member of Legislative Assembly
^ by-poll
Election results
2022
2019 by-election
A by-election was held on 19 May 2019, as a result of the demise of incumbent MLA and chief minister Manohar Parrikar.
2017 By Election
2017 result
2015 by-election
A by-election was necessitated following the resignation of incumbent MLA and Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, due to his elevation as the Minister of Defence.
2012 result
2007 result
2002 result
See also
List of constituencies of the Goa Legislative Assembly
North Goa district
References
External link
North Goa district
Assembly constituencies of Goa
Panaji
Raising Kaine, also referred to as RK, was a leading liberal political blog in Virginia. It functioned as a group blog and community forum for Virginia netroots activists, whose efforts are primarily directed toward helping to elect Democrats and other liberals and progressives in Virginia and nationally. The blog is now defunct.
RK was a popular example of a collaborative blog, offering comment and diary posting privileges to its visitors. RK was founded by Lowell Feld and Eric Grim in January 2005 with one of the main goals being to help "raise" Democratic Lieutenant Governor Tim Kaine to the position of Governor of Virginia. (The term "raising Cain" is an informal term for causing trouble.) In addition, the blog aimed to help elect other Democrats in Virginia, while promoting progressive causes and values.
At its peak, RK had average monthly traffic of about 80,000-100,000 visits. As with many leading state and local blogs, RK runs on the SoapBlox software. In late 2008, the blog ceased operations. Its content remained archived until sometime in 2011.
History
Raising Kaine was founded in 2005, and supported Tim Kaine in the gubernatorial election against Republican Jerry Kilgore. Founder Lowell Feld has written that the blog was founded with the intent "to create a Daily Kos for Virginia." The blog continued to publish content until the end of 2008. Its posts were subsequently archived, where they were accessible until 2011.
Content
Lowell Feld, Eric Grim, and a small group of selected users posted entries directly to the front page; other users could post "diaries," the titles of which appeared on the front page in reverse chronological order, with special attention and longer display time for those diaries highly recommended by other users. The other major source of content was the myriad comments posted in response to front page entries and diaries. Comments for popular or controversial diaries or front page threads could run into the thousands.
Front page entries and diaries often took the form of a news story from an outside source interspersed with commentary from the author of the diary or post. Sometimes these stories contained a request for action from other members of the community, such as to get involved with a particular campaign, give money to a candidate or contact an elected official about an issue. Some front page entries were called "open threads," which were open platforms for comments on any issue. One of the most popular versions of these open threads were "live threads" of commentary on important events happening in real time, such as debates or elections.
Webb for Senate campaign
During the 2006 US election cycle, RK helped found the "Draft James Webb" movement, an effort to draft Marine Corps veteran Jim Webb to run for US Senate against George Allen. The movement was ultimately successful, with Webb declaring his candidacy, defeating businessman Harris Miller in the Democratic primary, and defeating Allen in the general election over the course of the year. Throughout the campaign, RK was a major proponent of Jim Webb's nomination and election. In July 2006, Lowell Feld and Josh Chernila were hired by the Webb campaign as netroots and volunteer coordinator, respectively.
References
External links
Official website (defunct)
2005 establishments in Virginia
2011 disestablishments in Virginia
American political blogs
Internet properties disestablished in 2011
Internet properties established in 2005
Politics of Virginia
Tim Kaine
Jeffrey Robert Haines (born October 6, 1958) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who has been serving as Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Milwaukee in Wisconsin since 2017. He also serves as rector of the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist in Milwaukee.
Biography
Early life
Jeffrey Haines was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on October 6, 1958, to Jim and Maureen (“Mo”) Haines. He has three siblings, John, Rick, and Anne. Haines was baptized at St. Elizabeth Parish in Milwaukee before the family moved to New Berlin, Wisconsin, in 1965. Haines attended Holy Apostles School in New Berlin, and then New Berlin West High School, graduating in 1977.
Haines began his college studies at the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh before transferring to Marquette University. He graduated from Marquette in 1981 with a Bachelor of Theology degree. Haines then attended Saint Francis de Sales Seminary in St. Francis, Wisconsin, earning a Master of Divinity degree in 1985.
Priesthood
On May 17, 1985, Haines was ordained to the priesthood for the Archdiocese of Milwaukee by Archbishop Archbishop Weakland. After his ordination, Haines was appointed as associate pastor of St. Nicholas Parish in Milwaukee. In 1987, he was given additional responsibilities as associate pastor of Holy Redeemer Parish in Milwaukee. In 1991, he was appointed associate pastor of St. Eugene Parish in Fox Point, Wisconsin. Haines was appointed pastor in 1996 of St. Frances Cabrini Parish in West Bend, Wisconsin.
Haines went to Washington D.C. in 2002 to study canon law at Catholic University of America. Returning to Milwaukee the next year, he was named as temporary administrator of St. Patrick Parish in Whitewater, Wisconsin. In 2003, Haines returned as pastor to St. Frances Cabrini Parish, then in 2004 also appointed to assist at Immaculate Conception/St. Mary's Parish in West Bend. In 2011, Haines became rector of the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist in Milwaukee.
Haines occasionally interrupts his pastoral work for “pilgrimages” to Miller Park to watch the Milwaukee Brewers, and to the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville to listen to country music.
Auxiliary Bishop of Milwaukee
Pope Francis appointed Haines as an auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of Milwaukee on January 25, 2017. On March 17, 2017, Haines was consecrated by Archbishop Jerome Listecki at the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist Haines is still serving as rector and pastor of the Cathedral Parish. He was three times elected moderator of the Archdiocesan Council of Priests, and currently is a member of the College of Consultors.
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
References
External links
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee Official Site
1958 births
Living people
Religious leaders from Milwaukee
Marquette University alumni
University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh alumni
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Bishops appointed by Pope Francis
Franco-Gabonese relations refer to the current and historical relations between France and Gabon. Both nations are members of the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie and the United Nations.
Pre-independence relations
France first came into contact with people from Gabon when France signed protection treaties with local chiefs in 1839 and 1841. France officially claimed Gabon as a territory in 1885 as part of the scramble for Africa. Administration by France began in 1903 and in 1910, Gabon became part of the newly formed federation of French Equatorial Africa. Gabon lasted as part of the colonial federation until 1959. During World War II, Gabon was held by Vichy French forces from June to November 1940, but following the Battle of Gabon the colony was controlled by Free French forces. In August 1960, Gabon attained independence from France along with the other territories of the former French Equatorial Africa.
Since independence
Since independence, Gabon has been "one of France's closest allies in Africa". During the 1960s Gabon was France's sole source of Uranium and the French government therefore saw its relationship with Gabon as critical to its Force de frappe (nuclear deterrent). In the early 1960s the French government also established a policy goal of "energy independence" however with the loss of its control over French Algeria it came to rely heavily on Gabon for its oil needs. In February 1964 French troops helped to overthrow the Gabonese regime during the 1964 Gabon coup d'état and French citizens spread rumors of American involvement in the coup which led to the 1964 United States Embassy in Libreville bombings.
Omar Bongo Era
Omar Bongo ruled Gabon from 1967 until his death in 2009 and allowed extensive French military, political and economic involvement between Gabon and its former colonial master. Elf, the French national oil company, had extensive business dealings with Bongo's regime and Gabon was used a military staging point for French sponsored military actions throughout Africa.
As of 2008, around 10,000 French nationals live and work in Gabon, while the 6th Marine Infantry Battalion of the French military is also stationed there. When Gabonese president Omar Bongo died on June 7. 2009, Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac were the only western heads of state to attend his funeral.
Ali Bongo Ondimba Era
Omar Bongo's son, Ali Bongo Ondimba, took power following his father's death. Ali Bongo held on to power after the 2016 election despite widespread claims of voter fraud, including by French foreign ministry officials.
Resident diplomatic missions
France has an embassy in Libreville.
Gabon has an embassy in Paris.
See also
Françafrique
French West Africa
Gabonese people in France
References
Gabon
Bilateral relations of Gabon
Relations of colonizer and former colony
The Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth is a Catholic religious institute based in Leavenworth, Kansas who follow in the tradition of Saints Vincent de Paul and Louise de Marillac. A member of the Sisters of Charity Federation in the Vincentian-Setonian Tradition, the order operates schools and hospitals in the United States and Peru. Members are denominated with the post-nominal letters SCL.
History
The Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth developed from the congregation of the Sisters of Charity of Nazareth, headquartered in Bardstown, Kentucky.
Mother Xavier Ross
Mother Xavier Ross was born Ann Ross in Cincinnati, Ohio on November 17, 1813, one of five children of Richard and Elizabeth Taylor Ross. Her father was a Methodist preacher. At the age of sixteen she converted to Roman Catholicism, much to the consternation of her father. Not long after she joined the Sisters of Charity of Nazareth, and upon completion of her novitiate was sent to Louisville, Kentucky to teach at the Orphan Asylum. In 1853 she was transferred to Nashville, Tennessee, and later to Helena, Montana to take charge of the Academy there.
In 1858 Mother Xavier Ross came to Leavenworth, from Nashville, Tennessee, at the invitation of Bishop John Baptiste Miege. Before Mother Xavier left for Leavenworth, the community commenced a Novena to Mary, Queen of Heaven. This became a particular tradition. She gradually lost her hearing, and by 1858 was obliged to use an ear trumpet.
Within a week of arriving in Leavenworth, the sisters were teaching in a boys' school. The days that followed found them opening an academy for girls, visiting wagon trains and traveling to towns to tend the sick during epidemics. They educated black children who had fled to the free state of Kansas, took in orphans, and visited prisoners. In 1864 the Sisters opened the first private hospital in Kansas. Sister Joanna Bruner, trained nurse taught nursing to other Sisters.
Expansion
The Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth came to the Montana gold camp of Helena in 1869 at the invitation of the Jesuits to teach youth, care for orphans, and minister to the sick in the frontier community. There they founded St. Joseph's Home, the territory's first orphanage. In 1873, they founded St. Joseph Hospital in Denver, Colorado. In 1875, another St. Joseph's Hospital was established in Laramie, Wyoming, and soon after, St. Mary's Academy there soon after.
They founded and operate the University of Saint Mary in Leavenworth, Saint John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California, and St. Francis Health Center in Topeka. From 1864 to 1952, the Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth established or assumed responsibility for 18 hospitals from Kansas to California.
Since the 1960s, the Sisters of Charity have expanded work in social services and outreach, and operate missions in South America and the Italy.
See also
Sisters of Charity
References
External links
Official homepage
1858 establishments in Kansas Territory
Leavenworth County, Kansas
Religious organizations established in 1858
Catholic female orders and societies
Catholic teaching orders
Leavenworth
Lumbrein is a former municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. The municipalities of Cumbel, Degen, Lumbrein, Morissen, Suraua, Vignogn, Vella, and Vrin merged on 1 January 2013 into the new municipality of Lumnezia.
History
The Crestaulta hill near the hamlet of Surin was occupied since at least the early Bronze Age (ca. 2000-1700/1600 BC). However, Lumbrein is first mentioned about 850 as in villa Lamarine though this comes from a 16th-century copy of an earlier and now lost document. In 1231 it was mentioned as de Lumarins.
Geography
Lumbrein had an area, , of . Of this area, 47.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while 23.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.5% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (27.6%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The former municipality is located in the Lugnez sub-district of the Surselva district, though until 2000 it was part of the Glenner district. It is located in the upper Lugnez valley. It consists of the village of Lumbrein (at an elevation of and the hamlets of St. Andriu, Nussaus on the road to Vrin and on the other side of the Glenner, Surin, Pruastg and Silgin (about elevation). In 1750 the villages of Molina and Curtinatsch left Lumbrein and in 1900 Farglix left.
Coat of arms
The municipal coat of arms is Vert a Pale wavy Argent.
Demographics
Lumbrein had a population (as of 2011) of 363. , 2.3% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -11.3%. Most of the population () speaks Romansh (89.5%), with German being second most common ( 8.3%) and Portuguese being third ( 0.8%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.5% male and 50.5% female. The age distribution, , in Lumbrein is; 49 children or 12.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 57 teenagers or 14.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 30 people or 7.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 48 people or 12.0% are between 30 and 39, 54 people or 13.5% are between 40 and 49, and 46 people or 11.5% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 47 people or 11.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 42 people or 10.5% are between 70 and 79, there are 25 people or 6.3% who are between 80 and 89 there is 1 person who is between 90 and 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 63.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (16.3%), the FDP (14.5%) and the SP (5%).
In Lumbrein about 53% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Lumbrein has an unemployment rate of 0.66%. , there were 62 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 29 businesses involved in this sector. 28 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 6 businesses in this sector. 45 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 16 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance
The Crestaulta and Cresta Petschna (a Bronze Age settlement), the necropolis at Surin and the double house at number 30 are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance.
Crestaulta is a significant Bronze Age site on a hill about west of Surin. It was discovered in 1935 and excavated by Walo Burkart in 1935-38. Three settlement phases were discovered. The bottom layer dates from the early Bronze Age (ca. 2000-1700/1600 BC) and included a number of post holes for simple huts with some attached animal stalls. The hut was about . The second layer dates from the middle Bronze Age (1700/1600-1500/1400 BC) and consists of massive dry stone walls, however there are no clear house or other building foundations. This layer also includes numerous animal stalls, a small round "cellar", part of a kiln and fire pits. The upper layer is also from the middle Bronze Age (1500/1400-1300 BC) and includes an animal stall, a menhir or standing stone and a wooden floor. Additional excavations have discovered ceramic pots of a style that is now known as the Inner-alpine Bronze Age culture () or formerly as the Crestaulta-Kultur.
In the river Cresta Petschna, about from Crestaulta a cemetery or necropolis was discovered in 1947. It included at least 11 early Bronze Age graves. The items buried in the graves (sewing needles, pendants and arm rings) indicate that these were women's graves.
References
External links
Official web site
Lumnezia
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Cafuné is an American indie pop duo consisting of singer-songwriter Sedona Schat and producer Noah Yoo. It was founded in 2014 after the two met at New York University. Their single "Tek It" from their 2021 debut album, Running, went viral on TikTok in 2022, and they were soon signed to Elektra Records that same year.
History
Noah Yoo was raised in Fairfax, Virginia, where he grew up playing violin and eventually playing guitar in high school bands. He and Sedona Schat both began attending the Clive Davis Institute at New York University in 2012, where the two met and bonded over their appreciation of Two Door Cinema Clubs. In their sophomore year, Yoo worked on one of Schat's songs, and Cafuné was started as a side project for both of them the following year when Yoo briefly lived with Schat. Yoo also worked as a staffer for Pitchfork.
Cafuné released their debut single, "Letting Go", in 2014. They released their debut EP, Love Songs for Other People, in 2015. Running, their debut album, was written and produced by the duo at their homes over several years, recorded throughout the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, and released on July 20, 2021 through their own label, Aurelians Club. It featured the singles "High", "Want Me Out", and "Tek It", the last of which went viral on TikTok in early 2022 due to its use in anime edits and other trends on the platform, which prompted Elektra Records to sign the duo in June 2022. They opened for Chvrches on their summer 2022 tour.
Musical style
Cafuné's music has been described as alt-pop, indie pop, dream pop, and indie rock. Their earlier music was electropop and synth-pop, and their music became more rock-oriented after they played at various college shows.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
References
American indie pop groups
American musical duos
American pop music duos
Rock music duos
American indie rock groups
Electropop groups
American synth-pop groups
Male–female musical duos
Musical groups established in 2014
Dream pop musical groups
Musical groups from Brooklyn
2014 establishments in New York City
Wasa theatre (Wasa Teater) is a professional Swedish-language theatre in the Finnish city of Vaasa. It is the regional theatre of Österbotten and was founded in 1919.
History
The current theatre building was completed in 1955 and was designed by architects Bertel Liljequist and Sam Salvesen. The old building, which was completely destroyed in 1953, was built in 1868 after drawings by Carl Axel Setterberg. The theatre was renovated in 1997-1998. Its large stage has seats for 272 people, studio for 80-120 people and Vasallen scene for 62 people. It has approximately 45,000 visitors and 6-7 premiers per year.
Wasa theatre tries to have a versatile repertoire as possible to suit all ages, including classical and contemporary drama, musicals, family poems, children's and youth play. In addition to performances, the theatre has extensive tour activities in the Swedish language. With the local schools, writers' societies and volunteers co-operation, Wasa theatre plays an important cultural role in Finland.
Events
The musical Next to Normal went on stage in 2012 directed by Victoria Brattström with the cast of Johan Aspelin, Samuel Harjanne, Markus Lytts, Mikaela Tidermark, Sören Lillkung and Anna-Maria Hallgarn as the main characters. The show is about a family that looks set to be normal and happy, but in reality, it is struggling with big problems. The musical had a premiere in New York in 2008, became very popular, and has been shown around the world. This was the second time it was performed in Swedish; it had already been shown in Finnish in Helsinki.
Ingvar! premiered in September 2017, directed by Markus Virta, composed by Erik Gedeon, with lyrics by Klas Abrahamsson. The main characters were played by Anna-Maria Hallgarn, Erik-André Hvidsten, Johan Aspelin, Saara Lehtonen, Thomas Lundin, Richard Mitts, Tove Qvickström and Maria Udd. The musical was loosely based on the biography of IKEA founder Ingvar Kamprad.
References
External links
Wasa theatre Österbotten regional theatre official website
Theatres in Finland
The men's light heavyweight (81 kg/178.2 lbs) Low-Kick division at the W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje was the fourth heaviest of the male Low-Kick tournaments and the largest involving twenty fighters. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick kickboxing rules.
As there were too few men for a tournament fit for thirty-two, twelve of the contestants received a bye through to the 2nd round. The gold medal was won by emerging Serb star Nenad Pagonis who won his first W.A.K.O. championships by defeating Bosnian Drazenko Ninic in the final by unanimous decision. Rail Rajabov from Azerbaijan and Teppo Laine from Finland won bronze medals for their efforts in reaching the semi finals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 (Skopje)
Fyodorov (, ) is a district of Kostanay Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Fyodorovka. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kostanay Region
Still 17 () is a South Korean television series starring Shin Hye-sun, Yang Se-jong and Ahn Hyo-seop. It aired on SBS's Mondays and Tuesdays at 22:00 (KST) time slot from July 23 to September 18, 2018 for 32 episodes.
Plot
Gong Woo-jin (Yang Se-jong) is a 30-year-old single man who works as a set designer. Due to a trauma he experienced 13 years ago, he does not want to have a relationship with others. When Woo Seo-ri (Shin Hye-sun) was 17, she fell into a coma. Thirteen years later, she wakes up from her coma, but she is now 30-years-old. Gong Woo-jin and Woo Seo-ri get involved with each other and fall in love.
Gong Woo-jin caused an accident when he was 17 years old, or so he believes. Due to the crush he had on a girl of his age, he caused her to stay on the bus she was travelling for one stop longer than required. As a result, she was still on the bus when it crashed, and later Gong Woo-jin finds out that this girl (No Soo-mi) died in the accident. He feels very guilty and goes away to study in Germany, and carries this guilt with him into adulthood. As a result, he becomes a very strange adult. His habits include getting out a tape to make measurements for his set design miniatures at any given moment. He often gets into trouble for this habit, and he's also cold and rude to others. He even leaves Korea for long periods of time to go on trips without a word to anyone.
Woo Seo-ri wakes up in hospital confused to find that she has aged 13 years overnight. She last remembers being 17 years old, wearing her friend No Soo-mi's jacket since she forgot to pick up her own. She was in a coma, and woke up after 13 years to find herself much older and very weak. Sadly, she has no visitors, and the staff can't even find out where her relatives (her Aunt and Uncle; her parents died when she was young) are. Seo-ri finds this out after overhearing the nurse who keeps fobbing her off with excuses talking about how they say this to patients whose relatives don't come by anymore.
She decides to take matters into her own hands and search for her Aunt and Uncle. She goes to the last place she remembers them - their home - but the city is hugely changed from how she remembers. By a twist of fate, her Aunt and Uncle no longer live there: they sold the house to Woo-jin's father, who is now letting his adult son stay there while he's back in Korea. Woo-jin is also looking after his nephew, Yoo Chan (Ahn Hyo-seop), an energetic and friendly guy who instantly wants to take care of Seo-ri, despite Woo-jin's misgivings. Neither of them recognize one another at first, but Woo-jin agrees to let her stay for just one night so that she can begin the search for her relatives.
Meanwhile, at the hospital, a doctor is dismayed to hear that Seo-ri has gone missing and begins to search for her. The next day, he asks about her at her old home - but a misunderstanding doesn't let them meet.
The plot follows Seo-ri's search for her relatives; the budding romances between Seo-ri and Woo-jin, but also Yoo Chan and the doctor, who both develop ill-fated feelings for her; Woo-jin's transformation from a surly and closed-off set designer to someone who dares to love again; Yoo Chan's rowing championships; and their strange housekeeper Jennifer (Ye Ji-won), who ends up being tied up in the accident thanks to her past as well.
Cast
Main
Shin Hye-sun as Woo Seo-ri
Park Si-eun as young Woo Seo-ri
An aspiring violinist whose dreams were destroyed due to an accident. She got into a bus accident when she was 17years old and woke up from a coma after 13 years. She still feels she is 17 even though she now is 30 years old. She has been looking for her uncle and aunt who did not come to visit her and even sold their house where Seo-ri lived with them. She later develops feelings for Woo-jin unaware of their past.
Yang Se-jong as Gong Woo-jin
Yoon Chan-young as young Gong Woo-jin
A stage designer who maintains a detached and aloof behavior. He goes to great lengths to keep himself from getting involved with those around him such as by wearing earphones, blocking the clients from contacting him and by putting on an obtuse personality and generally just ignoring social cues. Because of his occupation, he has developed a habit of measuring random items in public with a measuring tape.
When he was younger, he had a crush on a girl who he learned was named No Soo-mi because of the uniform name tag not knowing that it was borrowed. On the day of their first interaction, she was involved in an accident which resulted in several deaths. Woo-jin blames himself for what happened to her and so he decided not to become involved with others in any way in the future. He later develops feelings for Seo-ri unaware of who in the past she actually was for him.
Ahn Hyo-seop as Yoo Chan
Woo-jin's nephew and protector. Captain of the rowing club of Taesan High School. He falls for Seo-ri.
Ye Ji-won as Jennifer
A well-versed lady, skilled in martial arts and always focused on the work she does, she has modern charming looks although she wears the same attire and is in her 40's. She has a strange personality. She is also the housekeeper of the house where Gong Woo-jin and his nephew reside. She harbors a secret that indirectly ties her with the accident 13 years ago.
Supporting
People around Gong Woo-jin
Jung Yoo-jin as Kang Hee-soo
A talented stage designer. Woo-jin's colleague.
Ahn Seung-gyun as Jin Hyun
Lee Ah-hyun as Gong Hyun-jung
Woo-jin's sister and Yoo Chan's mother. A surgeon.
People around Woo Seo-ri
Wang Ji-won as Kim Tae-rin
A talented violinist and music director. Seo-ri's biggest competitor.
Yoon Sun-woo as Kim Hyung-tae
Wang Seok-hyeon as young Hyung-tae
A neurology resident. Seo-ri's childhood friend who has had a crush on her, and is the only one who knows her relatives' whereabouts.
Lee Seo-yeon as No Soo-mi
Seo-ri's best friend. She died in the accident. She lent her school uniform to Seo-ri causing Woo-jin to mistake Seo-ri's name for her best friend's name.
Woo Seo-ri's family
Jeon Ye-seo as Kim Hyun-jin
Seo-ri's mother.
Jeon Bae-soo as Woo Sung-hyun
Seo-ri's father.
Lee Seung-joon as Kim Hyun-gyu
Seo-ri's uncle.
Shim Yi-young as Kook Mi-hyun
Seo-ri's aunt.
Taesan High School
Lee Do-hyun as Dong Hae-bum
Yoo Chan's best friend.
Jo Hyun-sik as Han Deok-soo
Yoo Chan's best friend.
Jo Yoo-jung as Lee Ri-an
Yoo Chan's friend who has a crush on him.
People around Jennifer
Kim Young-jae as Kim Tae-jin (Ep. 28-29)
Jennifer's husband
Others
Jung Ho-bin as Byun Gyu-chul
Kim Min-sang as Woo-jin's physician
Kim Ji-yee
Son San
Seo Yun-ah
Ha Do-kwon as Rowing Club Coach
Ji Dae-han
Park Jong-hoon
Min Eun-kyung
Special appearances
Jeong Jinwoon as Jung Jin-woon
Yoo Chan's rival in rowing competition (Ep. 24-25)
Production
First script reading took place May 16, 2018 at SBS Studio in Tanhyun, Ilsan, South Korea.
Original soundtrack
Part 1
Part 2
Part 3
Part 4
Part 5
Part 6
Part 7
Viewership
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
Seoul Broadcasting System television dramas
Korean-language television shows
2018 South Korean television series debuts
2018 South Korean television series endings
South Korean romantic comedy television series
Television series by Bon Factory Worldwide
Eva Johnston (14 May 1865 – 30 November 1941) was an American philologist and classical scholar. She was the first woman to receive a doctorate from the University of Königsberg and was second woman professor at the University of Missouri.
Biography
Johnston attended school in Ashland, Missouri before further educated at Stephens College in Columbia and then at the University of Missouri from 1892. She worked as a Latin tutor at the university before spending time as a teaching fellow. She was the chair of Latin at Columbia High School.
From 1899 Johnston studied under Richard Heinze at the University of Berlin. From 1901-1904 she returned to the University of Missouri as the assistant professor of Latin. She again left Missouri, in 1904, to return to her graduate studies under Heinze. He was, by this time, at the University of Königsberg. Her research focussed on Latin comedy. In 1905 Johnston was the first woman to earn a doctorate from that institution. Her thesis was titled "De sermone terentiano quaestiones duae".
Johnston again returned to Missouri to teach Latin. She became the advisor to women from 1912-1921, latterly the Dean of Women from 1922. Johnstone became full professor of Latin in 1931, retiring two year later. She was named as a professor emeritus of Latin in 1938.
Johnston died on 30 November 1941. She is interred at the New Salem Baptist Church cemetery in Ashland, Missouri. An archive of her correspondance is held at the State Historical Society of Missouri. A hall of residence at the University of Missouri, Johnston Hall, is named after her.
Publications
Johnston, Eva. 1905. "Gemination in Terence", Transactions of the American Philological Association 36.
References
1865 births
1941 deaths
Women classical scholars
American philologists
Women philologists
Stephens College alumni
Scholars of Latin literature
University of Königsberg alumni
University of Missouri faculty
University of Missouri alumni
People from Boone County, Missouri
Campingaz, formerly Camping Gaz, is a brand of products with compressed, mixed butane/propane gas supplied in small, lightweight, disposable canisters and larger, refillable cylinders designed for use as a fuel while camping and caravanning. The fuel gas is compressed to a liquid and sold in characteristic blue metal containers. The brand name is also used on appliances manufactured for use with the gas: cookers, lanterns, heaters, grills, refrigerators, etc. as well as more general camping equipment such as sleeping bags.
Company history
Early history
The Camping Gaz company was founded in France in 1949. Introducing a small, blue, refillable gas cylinder, directly fitted with special stoves and Welsbach mantle lanterns, the company rapidly expanded to foreign markets. Starting in 1952, lighting and burner stoves are launched designed for campers, with the company's first portable stove (named "Bleuet") released three years later.
Late 20th century
In 1994, the first range of gas barbecues (the “Ranchero”) were released, becoming one of the first gas barbecue models to be built and sold in Europe; soft coolers are also added to the company's portfolio around this time.
In 1996, the company was acquired by the Coleman Company, who specialise in outdoor recreation in the United States. In order to expand on production capacities, the company moved its barbecue production to the Italian manufacturing facility CGIT in 1997, which produces the majority of thermoelectric and passive hard coolers. A year later, the brand name was changed to Campingaz.
Contemporary history
In 2005, the company was acquired by Jarden Corporation. Due to the growth of gas grilling in Europe, the Campingaz barbecue range was relaunched in 2014 with new 3 and 4 Series barbecues. Jarden Corporation was acquired by Newell Rubbermaid in April 2016 and Newell Brands was founded. The following year, the company launched its premium gas barbecue collection, the Master Series.
Sizes and availability
The small disposable gas canisters are constructed of thin metal and typically used in portable camping stoves, small cooking rings and gas lamps. Inserting an original Campingaz canister into the device pierces it and, once the appliance's valve is opened, allows the fuel gas to flow. Pierceable canisters must be completely empty before they are removed from the appliance, otherwise the remaining gas will escape and become a fire hazard. There is also a range of "Plus" self-sealing valve-type canisters, such as the CV 300 Plus, which can be disconnected and reconnected when not empty when they are fitted to compatible devices with the Easy Clic plus connection.
Larger refillable gas cylinders come in three sizes. The 901 cylinder contains of gas in a high cylinder with a diameter, the 904 contains in a high cylinder with a diameter, and the 907 (the largest commonly used size) contains in a high cylinder with a diameter. They are self-resealing, so they need not be empty when disconnected. The cylinders are fitted with an M16x1.5 internal screw thread onto which a specific Campingaz pressure regulator is connected (or on recent installations a pigtail hose leading to the regulator). This is followed by the appliance (lamp, cooker burners etc.) attached either by a short rigid pipe or a longer flexible hose. These are typically used for appliances like multi-ring cookers, gas refrigerators, grills or heaters and are frequently used in boats, caravans and motorhomes in Europe.
References
External links
Camping equipment manufacturers
Fuel gas
Manufacturing companies of France
Manufacturing companies established in 1949
French companies established in 1949
French brands
Brenda Louise Romero (née Garno, born October 12, 1966), previously known as Brenda Brathwaite, is an American game designer and developer in the video game industry. She was born in Ogdensburg, New York and is a graduate of Clarkson University. Romero is best known for her work on the Wizardry series of role-playing video games and, more recently, the non-digital series The Mechanic is the Message. She has worked in game development since 1981 and has credits on 49 game titles.
For Wizardry, Romero provided game design, level design, system design, writing and scripting. She also wrote the manuals and documentation for some products in the series. Romero provided writing and documentation for the award-winning Jagged Alliance series. She was the lead designer for Playboy: The Mansion and Dungeons & Dragons: Heroes.
Career
Romero began her career in 1981 at video game developer and publisher Sir-tech Software, Inc., on the Wizardry role-playing team. She worked first as a tester, and moved up through the ranks to designer for Wizardry 8. While at Sir-tech, Romero also worked on the Jagged Alliance and Realms of Arkania series. She was employed with Sir-tech for 18 years before moving on to Atari where she worked on the Dungeons & Dragons series for consoles before joining Cyberlore Studios in 2003 to work on the Playboy: The Mansion game. Romero's research for the game was ultimately published in a book, Sex in Video Games.
Nerve magazine cited her as a "New Radical" — one of "the 50 artists, actors, authors, activists and icons who are making the world a more stimulating place". In 2009, Next Generation magazine identified her as the woman with the longest continuous service in video game development.
Romero served as Chair of the Savannah College of Art and Design's Interactive Design and Game Development department until November 2009. She moved to San Francisco to consult as Creative Director for social media company Slide, Inc., and then became Creative Director of social gaming company Lolapps in May 2010. She co-founded the social game company Loot Drop with John Romero in November 2010, then left Lolapps and joined Loot Drop in February 2011. In 2013, Romero became the first game designer in residence at the Games and Playable Media Program of the University of California at Santa Cruz. She also served as the program's director. Brenda was the Program Director of the MSc program in Game Design and Development at the University of Limerick in Limerick, Ireland until December 2018.
Recognition
Brenda has won several awards in her long career. Some highlights include RPG of the Year for Wizardry 8, a Fulbright Scholar award in 2014, the Game Developer's Choice Ambassador Award in 2015, the Development Legend award at to Develop:Brighton awards.
Personal life
Romero married game developer John Romero on October 27, 2012. Together, they worked on Ravenwood Fair, with John as lead designer and Brenda as creative director and game designer. John and Brenda became engaged on March 24, 2012. Brenda has three children from a previous marriage.
IGDA and activism
Brenda Romero was an active member of the International Game Developers Association (IGDA). In 2008, she was elected to the IGDA's Board of Directors. On March 28, 2013, she resigned as co-chair of the IGDA Women in Games SIG.
She had founded the International Game Developers Sex Special Interest Group (Sex SIG) in 2005.
Since working on Playboy, she has studied adult and sexual content in video games and is regularly interviewed about the subject in the media.
She has written a book on the subject, Sex in Video Games.
She is an anti-censorship activist and a proponent of parental rating awareness.
Academics
She is a regular speaker at universities and conferences, including the Game Developers Conference, Austin Game Developers Conference, and Montreal International Games Summit. Some of her lectures have been held at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, The Guildhall at Southern Methodist University, and Clarkson University.
In the spring of 2007, she was awarded the Presidential Fellowship at Savannah College of Art and Design to develop an exhibit and presentation titled, "What You Don't Know About Video Games...". In April 2008, Romero became Chair of the Interactive Design and Game Development department at the Savannah College of Art and Design (SCAD). Brathwaite left SCAD in November 2009 to return to full-time commercial game development.
In December 2012, she was appointed "Game Designer in Residence" at the University of California, Santa Cruz.
In March 2014, she was awarded a Fulbright Fellowship.
The Mechanic is the Message
In February 2008, Romero began work on a series of non-digital games known collectively as The Mechanic is the Message. According to the series abstract:
The series is composed of six separate non-digital games that experiment with the traditional notions of games.
The New World, 2008
Síochán leat, 2009
Train, 2009
Mexican Kitchen Workers – prototype
Cité Soleil - concept phase
One Falls for Each of Us – concept phase
Of the six, Train has received the most attention, and won the Vanguard Award at Indiecade in October 2009 for "pushing the boundaries of game design and showing us what games can do." Train was also featured in The Wall Street Journal as well as on game industry sites including Gamasutra, where it received accolades for its ability to evoke meaning through gestures, the Escapist Magazine, Extra Credits, and on Kotaku. Romero delivered Train: How I Dumped Electricity and Learned to Love Design at the 2010 Gamesauce Conference.
Síochán leat (Irish for "peace be with you") chronicles the history of her children's heritage. Romero made the game following The New World, a game she originally made to teach her daughter about the slave trade. Romero designed Síochán leat to teach her daughter about her Irish heritage and traces the family's history from the Cromwellian invasion of Ireland to their ancestor's eventual immigration into the West Indies on the paternal side and Canada on the maternal side. The game features a burlap pillow simulating an earthen mound covered by 26 pieces of grass, each representing a county in Ireland. In a talk given at the Austin Game Developers Conference in September 2009, Romero noted that the burlap was filled with mementos of her upbringing and her heritage, including photographs of her great grandfather, Paddy Donovan, and one of her mother's rosaries. On her blog, Romero notes that "the game is signed in many ways and is highly autobiographical. It is my history and it also reveals my feelings about its present state."
Works
Bibliography
Sex in Video Games is a nonfiction book about the history of sex content in video games.
Challenges for Game Designers is a non-fiction book that aims to challenge and improves your game design abilities.
Game Balance is a nonfiction book about balancing computer, video and non-digital games.
Breaking Into the Game Industry: Advice for a Successful Career From Those Who Have Done It is a non-fiction book about how to get into the game industry with advice from several game industry professionals.
References
External links
Romero Games
Brenda Romero at Twitter
Brenda Romero's personal site
Romero's "Applied Game Design" blog
MTV Interview with Romero
Gamasutra Book Review
Gamasutra Interview with Romero
1966 births
Living people
American video game designers
Free speech activists
People from Ogdensburg, New York
Clarkson University alumni
Women video game designers
Women video game developers
Game Developers Conference Ambassador Award recipients
Guardian Bank, whose full name is Guardian Bank Limited, is a commercial bank in Kenya with headquarters in Nairobi. It is licensed by Central Bank of Kenya, the central bank and national banking regulator.
, the bank was a medium-sized retail bank, with an asset base totaling approximately KSh.16.186 billion/= ( million), and shareholders' equity of about KSh.2.557 billion/= ( million). ranked Guardian, with a market share of 0.40%, the 26th largest Kenyan bank among 43 licensed financial institutions in its class.
History
Guardian Bank was established in 1992 as Euro Finance Limited, a non-bank financial institution. As a result of the changes in the banking laws of Kenya, Euro Finance Limited converted into a commercial bank in 1996 and rebranded to Guardian Bank Limited. In December 1999, the bank merged with Guilders International Bank Limited, keeping its current name, after the merger.
Ownership
The stock of Guardian Bank is privately held. The detailed shareholding in the bank is not widely publicly known. The bank operates as a subsidiary of Chandaria Industries Limited, a business conglomerate that is also in involved in manufacture of paper, paper products, toilet tissue, facial tissues and other paper derivatives.
Branch network
, Guardian Bank Limited maintains branches at the following locations:
Nairobi
Head Office - 1st & 2nd Floors, Guardian Centre, Biashara Street, Nairobi
Biashara Street Branch - Guardian Centre, Biashara Street, Nairobi
Mombasa Road Branch - Ground Floor, Tulip House, Nairobi
Westlands Branch - Brick Court House, Mpaka Road, Westlands, Nairobi
Ngong Road Branch - Ground Floor, The Greenhouse, Ngong Road, Nairobi
Western
Eldoret Branch - Biharilal House, Uganda Road, Eldoret
Kisumu Branch - Ground Floor, Amalo Plaza, Oginga Odinga Road, Kisumu
Nakuru Branch - Ground Floor, Parana House, Kenyatta Avenue, Nakuru
Coastal
Mombasa Branch - Oriental Building, Nkrumah Road, Mombasa
Nyali Branch - Ground Floor, Links Plaza, Links Road, Nyali
See also
List of banks in Kenya
Central Bank of Kenya
Economy of Kenya
References
External links
Website of Central Bank of Kenya
Company Profile At Businessweek.com
Banks of Kenya
Privately held companies
Banks established in 1992
Companies based in Nairobi
Kenyan companies established in 1992
Faithful Robot () is a 1961 comedy/mystery/drama science fiction TV play by Polish writer Stanisław Lem. Its first print was in 1963, in the short story collection Noc księżycowa.
In this story turns a common science fiction trope upside down: rather than a human creates a perfect robot, a robot creates a perfect human. At the same time it is a story of a robot which breaks away from human control.
Plot
The story is set in year of 2000. A detective writer Tom Clempner receives a humanoid robot, named Graumer, in mail. The sender claims they sent nothing, but eventually Graumer convinces Clempner to use the servant he got for free. Graumer becomes increasingly annoying in his efforts to serve the master.
At a party a police inspector tells a story of a runaway robot obsessed with the idea to create a perfect human. The robot skips from owner to owner by boxing and shipping himself, and the police inspector is in pursuit of the robot... Later the story reveals that Graumer created a copy of Clempner and was about to poison the original, but when Clempner did not give away Graumer to the police inspector, the robot changes his mind. One day during a lunch Clempner sees another person and after a while notices the stranger wears his clothes. In the following quarrel the stranger claims that in fact he owns the robot, the house and all... Eventually Graumer poisons both of them and ships himself further.
Other renditions
Soviet Union: Верный робот, 1965 , a TV play
Czechoslovakia: Věrný robot, 1967
German Democratic Republic: Der Getreue Roboter, 1977
1980, a version for children
Audiobook CD, 2003,
References
Works by Stanisław Lem
Polish plays
1961 television plays
Androids in literature
Androids in television
Fiction set in 2000
Fictional humanoid robots
Conrado del Campo y Zabaleta (28 October 1878 – 17 March 1953) was a Spanish composer, violinist and pedagogue.
Career
Del Campo was born in Madrid and became professor at the Real Conservatorio de Música in Madrid in 1915, where he was an especially influential teacher. Among his pupils were Salvador Bacarisse, Julián Bautista, and Fernando Remacha.
His compositions were played in the Theatre Real of Madrid for José María Alvira. His opera Lola la Piconera made its debut at the Gran Teatre del Liceu, Barcelona, 12 December 1952. He was also the principal conductor of the Madrid Symphony Orchestra.
Del Campo was a major figure in the conservative musical climate of Franco's Spain, writing in a late Romantic style. Since his death his music has fallen into comparative oblivion.
He died in Madrid aged 74.
Selected works
Symphonic works
Del Campo's characteristic symphonic music takes the form of evocative tone poems.
Bocetos castellanos
Granada, a symphonic poem (1913)
Obertura madrileña, a concert overture (1920)
Evocación y nostalgia de los molinos de viento
Evocación en Castilla
Tríptico castellano
El viento de Castilla
Poema de los loores de María, symphonic poem for viola and orchestra (1944)
Concertante works
Fantasía castellana, for piano and orchestra (1939)
Suite, for viola and small orchestra (1940)
Instrumental works
León
Danza del Bufón (based on a poem by Castilla)
Pequeña pieza for viola and piano, Op. 6 (1906)
Romanza in F major for viola and piano, Op. 5 (1901)
Quartet "Cuarteto castellano"
Cuarteto en La Mayor "Carlos III"
Zarzuelas
Aires de la Sierra
El burlador de Toledo
Choral works
Castilla
El viento de Fuensaldaña
Seis canciones Castellanas ("Six Castilian songs")
Sources
Antonio Iglesias, Monografia Nº 4: Conrado del Campo, Orquesta y Coro de la Comunidad de Madrid (in Spanish). Accessed 28 October 2008.
References
1878 births
1953 deaths
19th-century Spanish male musicians
20th-century classical composers
20th-century conductors (music)
20th-century Spanish male musicians
Madrid Royal Conservatory alumni
Male conductors (music)
Male opera composers
Musicians from Madrid
Spanish classical composers
Spanish conductors (music)
Spanish male classical composers
Spanish opera composers
Spanish Romantic composers
Camilla Leung is a Hong Kong international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Leung was selected as part of the five woman team by Hong Kong for the 2012 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was being held in Adelaide, Australia.
She won a triples gold medal (with Grace Chu and Elizabeth Li), at the 2005 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships, held in Melbourne. Two years later she won a fours bronze at the 2007 event.
References
Hong Kong female bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Westbeach is a British television series produced by Witzend Productions for the BBC in 1993.
The series was set in the fictional seaside town of Westbeach (filmed on location in Eastbourne) and dealt with two rival families, the Cromers and the Prestons, who controlled the local businesses. The Preston family owned an upmarket seafront hotel, while the Cromers ran an amusement arcade and a fish-and-chip shop. One series of ten episodes was produced.
The Times described the "dismal performance" of the BBC's three new flagships dramas which included Westbeach, the programme only achieved 6.27 million viewers and was ranked 69th.
Cast
Oliver Cotton - Alan Cromer
Deborah Grant - Sarah Preston
Michael Attwell - Ray Cromer
Debby Bishop - Yola Cromer
Lesley Duff - Maggie Cromer
David Horovitch - Hugo Preston
Annie Lambert - Alex Preston
Imogen Boorman - Hannah Preston
Tony Caunter - Bill Cromer
Lee Ross - Chris Cromer
Ricco Ross - Greg Dacosta
Edna Doré - Iris Cromer
Jo Warne - Betty Cromer
Cherith Mellor - Jean Cromer
Ben Porter - Simon Cromer
Siobhan Burke - Jan Cromer
Pat Keen - Florrie Dawson
Alison Lomas - Angela
Episodes
References
External links
Television series by Fremantle (company)
BBC television dramas
1993 British television series debuts
1993 British television series endings
1990s British drama television series
1990s British television miniseries
English-language television shows
Television shows set in Sussex
The red-necked woodpecker (Campephilus rubricollis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Taxonomy
The red-necked woodpecker was described by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon in 1780 in his Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux from a specimen collected in Cayenne, French Guiana. The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon's text. Neither the plate caption nor Buffon's description included a scientific name, but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Picus rubricollis in his catalogue of the Planches Enluminées. The red-necked woodpecker is now placed in the genus Campephilus that was introduced by the English zoologist George Robert Gray in 1840. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek kampē meaning "caterpillar" and philos meaning "loving". The specific epithet rubricollis combines the Latin ruber meaning "red" with -collis meaning "-necked".
Three subspecies are recognised:
C. r. rubricollis (Boddaert, 1783) – eastern Colombia and eastern Ecuador through southern Venezuela, the Guianas and northern Brazil
C. r. trachelopyrus (Malherbe, 1857) – eastern Peru, northern Bolivia and western Brazil
C. r. olallae (Gyldenstolpe, 1945) – central and southwestern Brazil to central Bolivia
References
red-necked woodpecker
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
red-necked woodpecker
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cimoliornis is a pterosaur genus containing the single species Cimoliornis diomedeus, meaning "long-winged bird of the chalk". It is known from a partial metacarpal (lower wing bone) found in late Cretaceous period English Chalk Formation of the UK.
The discovery of Cimoliornis remains was first announced in 1840 by Sir Richard Owen. The remains consisted of a single partial wing bone broken into three pieces, which had been acquired by William Cole, 3rd Earl of Enniskillen, and studied by Enniskillen and William Buckland, who both thought the bone came from a species of giant Cretaceous bird similar to an albatross. Owen agreed that it was a bird, and argued that it may either have been from an albatross sized bird (if it was a humerus) or a much larger bird (if it was a radius). On the latter possibility, Owen wrote that a bird of that size would have been reminiscent of the "fabulous Roc of Arabian romance."
In 1842, James Scott Bowerbank re-examined the remains and concluded that they actually belonged to a pterosaur, based on the microstructure of the bones, and estimated that it would have had a wingspan of about . By modern standards, the remains are too fragmentary to calculate a reliable wingspan estimate, but Cimoliornis diomedeus was undoubtedly the largest known pterosaur until the 1857 discovery of larger Ornithocheirus species.
See also
List of pterosaur genera
Timeline of pterosaur research
References
Late Cretaceous pterosaurs of Europe
Azhdarchoids
Taxa named by Richard Owen
Fossil taxa described in 1846
Roc (mythology)
The Altstadt Town Hall () was the town hall of Altstadt, first an independent town and later a quarter of Königsberg, Germany.
History
The town hall was located along the Altstädtischer Markt, a market near the Pregel River. Its original construction date and style is unknown, but it was rebuilt in the Gothic style in 1528. It was then rebuilt in 1757 and had a tower added in 1765. It expanded with an annex along Schmiedestraße in 1832. The building contained works by the Königsberg-born sculptor Rudolf Siemering.
After the defeat of rebels in the neighboring Königsberg town of Kneiphof in 1455 during the Thirteen Years' War, the town hall was decorated with the first Japper, a mocking mask facing in the direction of Kneiphof. A bearded head was installed during the renovation of 1528; it included a mechanism which allowed a tongue to extend toward Kneiphof each hour. This was ruined in 1774 when a sparrow flew into the clockwork; the citizens of Kneiphof subsequently referred to their neighbors in Altstadt as Sperlingschlucker, or sparrow eaters. A third Japper depicting a golden lion's head was added during the 1832 expansion and became popular with children.
With the unification of the three towns into a single city in 1724 and the selection of the Kneiphof Town Hall as city hall, Altstadt's Rathaus instead hosted the Stadtgericht (city court). It also contained the Königsberg City Archive from 1724 to 1911 and the Königsberg Public Library from 1773 to 1810. Courses for the city's business school were held inside the town hall from 1907 to 1924. It also contained the city Sparkasse during the 1920s.
The Altstadt Town Hall was rebuilt after an internal fire on 6 March 1940, but was subsequently destroyed in August 1944 during the Bombing of Königsberg in World War II.
Gallery
See also
Kneiphof Town Hall
Löbenicht Town Hall
Stadthaus
References
1528 establishments in Europe
1944 disestablishments in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
City and town halls in Germany
Former buildings and structures in Königsberg
Gothic architecture in Germany
The Centaure class was a class of 74-gun ships of the line of the French Navy, comprising four ships, all of which built at Toulon Dockyard to a design dated 28 March 1782 by Joseph-Marie-Blaise Coulomb in the year following the close of the American Revolutionary War. The first pair were ordered on 15 February 1782, and were named on 13 April. After the first two ships were begun, the design was amended for the second pair (which were 5¼ feet longer, and also had slightly less breadth and depth in hold) – which are accordingly often described as the . This second pair were ordered on 1 June 1782 and named on 21 August. All four ships were destroyed or captured by the British Royal Navy during the French Revolutionary War.
Ships in class
Centaure
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 15 February 1782
Begun: 12 May 1782
Launched: 7 November 1782
Completed: December 1782
Fate: Burnt by the British Navy during the evacuation of Toulon on 18 December 1793.
Heureux
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 15 February 1782
Begun: 12 May 1782
Launched: 19 December 1782
Completed: April 1783
Fate: Burnt by the British after the Battle of the Nile, 2 August 1798.
Séduisant
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 1 June 1782
Begun: August 1782
Launched: 5 July 1783
Completed: 1783
Fate: Wrecked while sailing from Brest, 16 December 1796
Mercure
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 1 June 1782
Begun: August 1782
Launched: 4 August 1783
Completed: 1783
Fate: Burnt by the British after the Battle of the Nile, 2 August 1798
References
Demerliac, Cmdt. Alain, Nomenclature des navires français de 1774 a 1792. Editions ANCRE, Nice.
Winfield, Rif and Roberts, Stephen S. (2017) French Warships in the Age of Sail 1626–1786: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates.. Seaforth Publishing, 2017. .
Winfield, Rif and Roberts, Stephen S. (2015) French Warships in the Age of Sail 1786-1861: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates. Seaforth Publishing. .
74-gun ship of the line classes
Ship of the line classes from France
Kurt Heinig (born 19 January 1886 in Leipzig; died 21 May 1956 in Stockholm) was a German lithographer, politician and journalist.
After travelling through the USA he wrote about his experiences in Vorwärts and the Wettelbüne Mitte during the 1920s. Heinig meant that Germany should modernize itself through technological progress and development of a larger domestic market. He did however, point out that Germany could not fully adopt the American model, because of the very different backgrounds of the two nations.
From 1927 to 1933, Kurt Heinig was a financial expert in the SPD-parliamentary group. As a member of the budget committee he took part in revealing the Eastern Aid scandal. In 1933 he emigrated to Denmark after having refused to sign Hitler's enabling act. And in 1940, as Germany invaded Denmark, he left for Sweden. During and after the second world war, Heinig was a member of SoPaDe as well as co-worker with several Swedish and West German newspapers. In 1945 Heinig created the "German association of 1945" in Stockholm, an organization striving for a better German-Swedish relationship. In 1955 he became Doctor Honoris Causa at the University of Stockholm.
Kurt Heinig died on 21 May 1956 in Stockholm.
1886 births
1956 deaths
German male journalists
Artists from Leipzig
People from the Kingdom of Saxony
Emigrants from Nazi Germany
Members of the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic
German male writers
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
German emigrants to Sweden
20th-century German journalists
Emilie A. Amundson (born 1980) is an American educator and government administrator. She is the current secretary of the Wisconsin Department of Children and Families in the cabinet of Governor Tony Evers. She previously served as Evers' chief of staff when he was the state's Superintendent of Public Instruction.
Biography
Amundson was born in Madison, Wisconsin, and received her undergraduate degree from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. She went on to earn her master's in education policy at Harvard Graduate School of Education. She began her career as an ESL teacher in Brooklyn, New York, and was a co-founder of the Urban Assembly School for Law and Justice (a law-themed high school). She subsequently moved back to Wisconsin, settling in Middleton, and worked as an English teacher in the Middleton-Cross Plains School District. She was also active with the bilingual education program at Edgewood College.
In 2002, Amundson went to work as an English language arts consultant at the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction. Later, she became assistant director of the content and learning team, and then director of literacy and mathematics under the division for academic excellence. Finally, she was selected as chief of staff to Superintendent Tony Evers.
After Evers was elected Governor of Wisconsin in 2018, he named Amundson as his pick for Secretary of the Wisconsin Department of Children and Families. At the time of her selection, she was pursuing her Ph.D. in literacy studies. Many of Evers' cabinet appointees never received a vote of approval or disapproval in the Wisconsin State Senate and served in an acting capacity. Amundson did not receive an official vote until February 2020, when her nomination was confirmed by a vote of 32-to-1.
Personal life
Amundson and her husband live in Madison, Wisconsin, with their two young children. Her husband is a teacher in the Madison Metropolitan School District.
Amundson has also served on the Boards of Wisconsin Literacy, Cooperative Children's Book Center, Wisconsin Council of Teachers of English, and the Assembly of State Consultants of English Language Arts.
References
Living people
People from Dane County, Wisconsin
State cabinet secretaries of Wisconsin
Wisconsin Democrats
1980 births
University of Wisconsin–Madison School of Education alumni
Harvard Graduate School of Education alumni
Eefje is a feminine Dutch given name. Notable people with the name include:
Eefje Depoortere (born 1987), also known as Sjokz, Belgian television presenter, reporter, eSports player, and beauty pageant contestant
Eefje Muskens (born 1989), Dutch badminton player
Eefje de Visser (born 1986), Dutch singer-songwriter
Dutch feminine given names
Mary Miller may refer to:
Mary Miller (actress) (1929–2020), English actress
Mary Miller (art historian) (born 1952), American art historian
Mary Miller (artistic director) (active since 1990), artistic director of the Bergen National Opera, Norway
Mary Miller (Colorado businesswoman) (1843–1921), founder of Lafayette, Colorado
Mary Miller (politician) (born 1959), U.S. Representative
Mary Miller (soprano) (c.1926 - 1949), Australian singer
Mary Miller (writer) (active since 2009), American fiction writer
Mary A. Miller (active 1858–1907), American missionary editor
Mary J. Miller (born 1955), U.S. Under Secretary of the Treasury
Mary Millicent Miller (1846–1894), American steamboat master
Mary Rogers Miller (1868–1971), American writer and educator
Mary Durack Miller (1913–1994), Australian author and historian
See also
Mary Boykin Chesnut (née Miller, 1823–1886), American diarist
Mary Miller Glasscock (1872–1925), wife of former West Virginia governor, William E. Glasscock
Mary Millar (1936–1998), British actress of Keeping Up Appearances
Charles Mahoney may refer to:
Charles Mahoney (martyr) (c. 1640–1679), Irish priest and Catholic martyr
Charles Mahoney (artist) (1903–1968), English artist
Charles H. Mahoney (1886–1966), American politician, attorney and businessman
John Mahoney (Charles John Mahoney, 1940–2018), English-American actor
James Ohio Pattie (c. 1804 – c. 1850) was an American frontiersman and author from Kentucky. Between 1824 and 1830, Pattie took part in a series of fur trapping and trading expeditions, traveling through the American West and Southwest and into modern-day northern and central Mexico.
In 1831, Pattie collaborated with Kentucky newspaperman Timothy Flint to publish The Personal Narrative of James O. Pattie of Kentucky describing his travels. Personal Narrative has been praised by historians for its vivid descriptions of the Southwest, but the veracity of Pattie's account is disputed. While the general nature of the events described are widely accepted, Pattie likely embellished his role in such events.
Expeditions
1824–1826: Missouri and Gila Rivers
Pattie and his father, Sylvester, set out from St. Louis in June 1824, traveling along the Missouri River to trade with plains Indian tribes. Upon reaching a military post at Council Bluffs in modern-day Iowa, the Patties were told they could go no farther up the Missouri without a permit. Rather than returning to St. Louis, the elder Pattie elected to join a Santa Fe-bound pack train led by Sylvester Pratte. Due to his military background, the elder Pattie was invited to take command of the group, which consisted of 116 men and over three hundred horses and mules.
The group reached Santa Fe in November 1825, where they petitioned the governor for permission to trap beaver along the Gila River. While their request was initially denied, James claimed the group was granted a license to trap after rescuing the governor's daughter from a nearby band of Mescalero Apache. However, this story was likely fabricated, and the Patties probably commenced trapping along the Gila illegally.
From Santa Fe, Sylvester, James and three guides traveled south down the Rio Grande before turning west toward the Santa Rita copper mines, where they stopped briefly for supplies. They spent the winter trapping beaver on the Gila River as far west as the Salt River Junction near modern-day Phoenix, but they met little success. The group encountered bears, small bands of raiding Indians and bouts of disease and starvation, and by the beginning of 1826, they had resorted to eating their own horses as well as a grizzly bear. Their luck turned around in the early months of 1826, and by late March the group had cached hundreds of beaver pelts along the river with hopes of returning once they could acquire pack animals to carry the load.
In April, the Patties arrived back at the Santa Rita mine, where the proprietor offered Sylvester control of operations. The elder Pattie managed the mine profitably with two partners until 1827, leaving James to trap on his own.
1826–27: Colorado River
In June 1826, Pattie claims he took part in an expedition down the Gila River to the San Pedro fork to retrieve the cached furs. While this expedition did occur, Pattie was most likely not present, since he served as a witness to a promissory note signed at the mine on June 14. The expedition returned in early July without a single pelt after discovering that Indians had taken the cached furs, which were likely worth thousands of dollars.
With the fall trapping season still months away, Pattie spent the summer of 1826 employed at the mine, earning one dollar a day in exchange for protecting the mine from Apache raids. Pattie acquired several valuable skills from his interactions with the diverse peoples passing through the Santa Rita area, and he claims he learned spoken Spanish over the course of a few months from Juan Onis, who had previously operated the mine. Pattie eventually became fluent enough to serve as an interpreter in his later travels. In addition, Pattie became better able to distinguish the indigenous tribes of the Southwest, which proved useful during his next trapping expedition.
Despite his father's insistence that James stay at the mine through the winter, Pattie set out in January 1827, intending to travel the Gila to its junction with the Colorado River. The party spent a few days in a Yuma village at the mouth of the Colorado gathering supplies before heading several miles up the river, where they met and traded with a group of Maricopa Indians. A week later, the party encountered a band of Mohave, whom Pattie and another trapper in his party, George Yount, had heard about and considered hostile. Indeed, the band attacked Pattie's party the morning after their arrival, but the Mohave were easily forced to retreat.
Following the skirmish with the Mohave, Pattie's account of the expedition becomes unusually vague, especially considering the vast distance it allegedly covered. After traveling the Colorado into Navajo territory, the expedition allegedly crossed the Continental Divide and turned northward, trapping along the Platte, Bighorn and Yellowstone rivers. Pattie claims the party ventured as far north as the Clark Fork of the Columbia River in modern-day Montana before coming to a Zuni village in western New Mexico. Since this journey amounts to around 2000 miles of travel in 85 days, Pattie's account is almost certainly false. In all likelihood, Pattie was reciting the names of rivers he had learned from other trappers, and the party only briefly ventured away from the Colorado when they reached the impassable Grand Canyon.
When the party reached the Zuni village, multiple members had died, and the survivors were suffering from near starvation. However, the expedition was an immense success as they returned with furs worth almost $20,000. Yet upon the party's return to Santa Fe in August, soldiers seized the furs under order of the governor in Santa Fe, who accused the party of trapping without a license.
1827–28: Pecos, Gila and Colorado Rivers
Although the dates Pattie provides for his travels in the spring and summer of 1827 are confusing and likely inaccurate, he did lead a brief hunting trip along the Pecos River after arriving in Santa Fe in an attempt to replace some of his lost goods. Composed of Pattie and fifteen other Americans, the Pecos expedition was attacked by Indians, whom Pattie accurately recognized as a band of Mescalero Apache. Although most of the party survived, Pattie was wounded in the hip and the chest by arrows. On the return journey, the party encountered a group of Navajo who had been tracking the Mescalero, and whose medicine man treated Pattie's wounds in exchange for Mescalero scalps.
The party successfully evaded the governor after returning to Santa Fe and made a decent profit from selling their furs. From there, they returned to Santa Rita. Shortly thereafter a Spanish bookkeeper stole $30,000 from Pattie's father, effectively bankrupting the Patties. In September 1827, Sylvester secured a passport in Santa Fe, which the Patties intended to use to reach California.
On the way down the Gila River to California, half the trappers deserted, and every pack animal the party had either died, got lost or was stolen by the same Yuma Indians that had treated Pattie kindly the year prior. The remaining eight members of the expedition constructed makeshift canoes and floated down the Colorado River until they reached the Gulf of California, where the powerful surf forced the Patties to leave their boats a few miles upriver. They had amassed hundreds of furs, worth between $25,000–$30,000, which they cached near the river in February 1827.
The group then traveled west in stages among several Spanish settlements and missions. After requesting to purchase horses to retrieve their cached furs, the party was escorted to San Diego in late spring 1828, where the Patties were detained and questioned by a California territorial governor, José Maria de Echeandia.
1828–29: Imprisonment
Upon reaching San Diego, the Patties and their party were disarmed and imprisoned under suspicion of forging their passport. The elder Pattie had fallen ill prior to their arrival, and his condition gradually worsened in prison. Sylvester died on April 24 and was buried shortly thereafter, becoming the first recorded American to be buried in California.
Following his father's death, James served as a translator between Echeandia and John Bradshaw, captain of the American vessel Franklin, who had offered to purchase Pattie's furs should they be retrieved. Echeandia agreed to allow the trappers to return to the cache under the condition that Pattie remain in San Diego as a hostage. While waiting for the party, Pattie relayed the story of his travels, his imprisonment and his father's death to Bradshaw. Pattie's brief account was published a year later in a St. Louis newspaper, giving his remaining family their first news of either Pattie since 1824.
Only three members of the original party survived and returned to San Diego several weeks later. A spring flood had destroyed the entire cache of furs, and the traps they recovered were sold to pay for the horses and mules they had used. Pattie claims they were again disarmed and imprisoned, yet this is likely an exaggeration. However, Echeandia required the trappers to remain in San Diego and did not allow Pattie to leave the city until February or March 1829, almost a year after his arrival.
1829–30: California coast
Pattie says that he was released by Echeandia due to an outbreak of smallpox in the winter of 1828–29, and he had been hired by the governor to vaccinate every Californian along the Pacific coast. While there had been a recent epidemic in California, the culprit was measles, not smallpox. Furthermore, the outbreak began in October 1827, several months before Pattie arrived in San Diego, and it had ended by June 1828.
The more likely possibility is that Pattie had heard about the epidemic and inserted himself in a lead role when retelling the story. The vaccination story serves to cast Pattie's ensuing travels in California in a heroic light, but he probably spent much of the next year destitute. He traveled northward with his three remaining companions to Los Angeles, where all except Pattie quickly settled down and married into Catholic Californian families.
Pattie spent the remainder of 1829 exploring the coast of California, and while his claims of vaccinating people along the way is likely false, his descriptions of the missions and settlements in the region are detailed and accurate. Pattie traveled as far north as the Russian settlement Fort Ross, about 90 miles north of San Francisco, before returning south to Monterey to book passage to Mexico.
In November 1829, a revolutionary force led by Joaquin Solis arose in Monterey before traveling south to meet Echeandia's army at Santa Barbara. Following Solis' defeat, he was captured and returned to Monterey. While Pattie accurately documents the events of the revolution, he falsely claims that he led the party to capture Solis. In actuality, Pattie was not involved in the revolution, and he spent months waiting for a passenger ship in Monterey. He used this time to hunt otter nearby, earning $300 that he used to finance part of his journey.
In March 1830, American consul John Coffin Jones arrived in Monterey aboard the Volunteer. In addition to allowing Pattie to join the vessel, Jones offered to transport Solis and several other revolutionary leaders to Mexico City for trial. Pattie met with Echeandia once more to air his grievances and obtain a passport for Mexico. While Echeandia understood Pattie's complaints about his previous imprisonment, he denied any wrongdoing, claiming that he was only following the law. Nevertheless, he issued Pattie his passport, and the Volunteer left Monterey on May 9, 1830.
1830: Mexico and Pattie's return voyage
Nine days after departing Monterey, the Volunteer arrived in San Blas, Mexico. Pattie did not go on any expeditions in Mexico, but he did plan to stop in Mexico City in an attempt to receive compensation for his imprisonment under Echeandia. Upon reaching Mexico City in early June, Pattie met with the American chargé d'affaires, Anthony Butler. Butler presented Pattie with a letter from Secretary of state Martin Van Buren, who had urged Butler to try to free Pattie from prison.
Butler arranged a meeting with Mexican president Anastasio Bustamante at which Pattie could formally lodge his complaints. While Bustamante was sympathetic to Pattie's situation, he did not offer any recompense. However, he did inform Pattie that Echeandia had been replaced as territorial governor due to undisclosed transgressions.
Bustamante granted Pattie a passport to return home through the port of Vera Cruz. Although Pattie was essentially broke by the time he arrived in Vera Cruz, the American consul there, Isaac Stone, arranged for his free passage to the US. On July 17, 1830, Pattie boarded the ship United States bound for New Orleans.
The day after Pattie arrived in New Orleans two weeks later, the Louisiana Advertiser announced his return. Again Pattie did not have the funds to travel the remainder of the way to Kentucky, but Louisiana senator Josiah Johnston, who had grown up fifteen miles from Pattie's father and knew some of Pattie's family, offered to pay for his passage up the Mississippi River aboard the steamboat Cora.
Personal Narrative and disappearance
While Pattie was on his way back home to Augusta, Kentucky, Johnston introduced him to newspaperman Timothy Flint in Cincinnati, and Pattie and Flint agreed to meet later so that Pattie could dictate the story of his travels.
Pattie returned to Augusta on August 30, 1830. The following year, Flint published The Personal Narrative of James O. Pattie of Kentucky, Pattie's account of his time in the Southwest. Despite Flint's previous success as an author, the book did not garner much attention save for a brief mention in the Cincinnati Mirror calling the book "interesting."
The details of the rest of Pattie's life are sparse. For a time, he attended Augusta College in Kentucky. The last documented evidence of Pattie is on a tax list for Bracken County, Kentucky, in 1833, and his total taxable property consisted of two horses valued at $75 together. California politician William Waldo claimed to have met Pattie in the Sierra Nevada mountains in 1849 during the Gold Rush, but this claim has never been corroborated.
References
Sources
1804 births
1851 deaths
People from Kentucky
People from California
American writers
Ruth Miriam Hollick (17 March 1883 – 7 April 1977) was an Australian portrait and fashion photographer who was one of Melbourne's leading Pictorialist photographers during the 1920s.
Education and personal life
Ruth Miriam Hollick was born in the Williamstown area of Melbourne, Australia, in 1883, the last of 13 children of Harry Ebenezer Hollick, a civil servant, and Frances Jane (Cole) Hollick. She was raised in the suburb of Moonee Ponds and educated at the National Gallery of Victoria Art School (1902–06), where one of her teachers was the painter Frederick McCubbin, but she received no formal training in photography.
Her professional partner, Dorothy Izard, was also her life partner.
In 1950 Hollick and Izard embarked on their first overseas travel, visiting relatives and touring the UK. On their return they moved to Heidelberg.
Photography career
There is evidence that Hollick was experimenting with photography in a home darkroom by 1907. The following year, she set herself up as a freelance photographer who toured rural areas of the state of Victoria, making portraits of families, especially children. She worked mostly outdoors in natural light with a field camera.
By World War I, she had shifted into studio photography, initially working out of her parents' house in Moonee Ponds and later moving into Mina Moore's former studio in the Auditorium Building downtown, subsequently expanding still further into Chartres House. It was in this period that Hollick developed a reputation for skillful use of both natural and studio lighting and for stylish compositions, often setting her subjects against plain backgrounds. She specialized in portraits of society figures and celebrities, as well as fashion photography for use in advertisements. For example, she took several pictures of the British aviator Amy Johnson on her 1930 world tour, including the official Australian portrait.
For most of the 1920s, Hollick was one of Melbourne's two leading photographers, along with Pegg Clarke, and she exhibited her work both locally and internationally. During this period she won at least six silver awards and numerous bronze awards in various shows. Her photographs were regularly published in Art in Australia and other Australian magazines. In recent years, her work has been included in at least two large-scale exhibitions of Australian photography.
Hollick gave up her downtown studios during the Great Depression and returned to working from Moonee Ponds. She retired from photography in 1950 and died in 1977 at Sandringham.
Selected exhibitions
The Paris End: Photography, Fashion & Glamour (2007; National Gallery of Victoria touring exhibition)
Masterpieces of Australian Photography (1989)
Amateur Photographer Overseas Exhibition, London (1932)
Melbourne Exhibition of Pictorial Photography (1929: only woman in show)
Chicago Photographic Exhibition (1927)
Colonial Exhibitions of the Royal Photographic Society of Great Britain (1925, 1927)
London Salon of Photography (1920)
Collections
Hollick's glass plate negatives and original prints are held in collections of the following institutions:
Ruth Hollick Collection, State Library of Victoria (digitised image collection)
National Gallery of Australia
Art Gallery of New South Wales
References
Further reading
Van Wyk, Susan. The Paris End: Photography, Fashion & Glamour (National Gallery Of Victoria, 2009) — includes Hollick's work
Tsara, Olga. Ruth Hollick and early Australian fashion photography (State Library of Victoria)
1883 births
1977 deaths
Australian women photographers
Artists from Melbourne
LGBT artists from Australia
LGBT photographers
The Kandy Garden Club is a social and sports club in Kandy, Sri Lanka, which was established in 1878 for the exclusive use by British coffee planters to play tennis. It is one of the oldest operating sports clubs in the country and the second oldest in Kandy.
History
The club was opened in 1878 for the exclusive use by the British, particularly planters wanting to play tennis. The nature of the club changed when an elite class of Sri Lankans (then Ceylonese) were permitted to join the club. In 1950 the club was opened to the Sri Lankans. The first Sri Lankan elected as president of the club was Col. S. D. Ratwatte with S. Wijenayake as the secretary.
Features
The club is located at the south-eastern end of Kandy Lake, adjacent to the E. L. Senanayake Children's Park. It has four floodlit hardcourts. Other facilities include Billiards, Snooker, Table Tennis and Bridge. One of the club's billiard tables dates back to 1913, the table was manufactured by John W. Roberts and Company, and has been preserved in its original condition.
Billiard champions Paul Mifsudy, Norman Dangley, were among others invited to play exhibition matches at the Club table. In 1989 the second match of the first snooker test series between Sri Lanka and Pakistan was played at the club.
See also
List of Sri Lankan gentlemen's clubs
References
External links
Kandy Garden Club website
1878 establishments in Ceylon
Tennis venues in Sri Lanka
Organizations established in 1878
Buildings and structures in Kandy
Sports venues in Central Province, Sri Lanka
is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese graphic artist who designed Pikachu
, Japanese business executive
, Japanese footballer
Goro Nishida (1943–2014), Japanese mathematician
Hikaru Nishida (born 1972), Japanese singer and actress
, Japanese high jumper
, Japanese long-distance runner
Kitaro Nishida (1870–1945), Japanese philosopher, founder of the Kyoto School of philosophy
Makoto Nishida (born 1962), Japanese politician
, Japanese footballer and manager
Naomi Nishida (born 1972), Japanese actress
Nishida Shun'ei (born 1953), Japanese painter
, Japanese actor
, Japanese fencer
Shoji Nishida (born 1958), Japanese politician
Shuhei Nishida (1910–1997), Japanese pole vaulter
Takayuki Nishida (born 1977), Japanese long-distance runner
, Japanese shogi player
Tatsuo Nishida (1928–2012), Japanese linguist
Toshisada Nishida (1941–2011), Japanese primatologist
Toshiyuki Nishida (born 1947), Japanese actor
, Japanese volleyball player
Japanese-language surnames
The Apostolic Nunciature to Liechtenstein is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Liechtenstein. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in Switzerland.
List of papal representatives to Liechtenstein
Apostolic Nuncios
Edoardo Rovida (7 March 1987 – 15 March 1993)
Karl-Josef Rauber (16 March 1993 – 25 April 1997)
Oriano Quilici (8 July 1997 – 2 November 1998)
Pier Giacomo De Nicolò (21 January 1999 – 8 September 2004)
Francesco Canalini (8 September 2004 – April 2011)
Diego Causero (28 May 2011 – 5 September 2015)
Thomas Gullickson (5 September 2015 - 31 December 2020)
Martin Krebs (3 March 2021 – present)
References
Liechtenstein
Holy See–Liechtenstein relations
Jaycee Park is a ballpark located in Plainview, Texas and was the home to the Plainview Ponies and the Plainview Athletics. The field has also been used for UIL games over the years.
Sources
"Texas Almanac 2008–2009", The Dallas Morning News, c.2008
References
Baseball venues in Texas
Charles O'Brien, 5th Viscount Clare (1673–1706) was the son of Daniel O'Brien, 3rd Viscount Clare and Philadelphia Lennard. He married Charlotte Bulkeley, daughter of Henry Bulkeley and Sophia Stuart, on 9 January 1696, at Saint-Germain-en-Laye, France. Henry Bulkeley was the "Master of the Household" for Kings Charles II and James II.
The family fought as part of the Jacobite Irish Army during the War of the Two Kings, before going into exile in the Flight of the Wild Geese. Charles succeeded his brother Daniel O'Brien, 4th Viscount Clare, to the title as 5th Viscount Clare in the Jacobite Peerage on his brother's death from a mortal wound received in the Battle of Marsaglia, Italy 4 October 1693. Charles was transferred from the Queen's Dismounted Dragoons where he was colonel, to the command of O'Brien's Regiment on 6 April 1696. Later in the year he led the regiment in the siege of Valenza in Lombardy, and the next year they were stationed with the army at Meuse.
By 1698 over one-third of King James' army was either dead or crippled, and when the treaty of Ryswick ended the war between Louis and William, James' soldiers were disbanded, unemployed, and homeless. Many became beggars but others joined the Irish Brigade in the Spanish army, while others went to Austria and entered the Catholic Corps.
Hostilities were renewed and Clare's Regiment was assigned to the Army of Germany for two years in 1701-02. At the Battle of Cremona, in 1702, the Irishmen defended the town against Prince Eugene and the imperial army. The attack was to be a surprise but the Wild Geese foiled the attempt. The following year Lord Clare was promoted to brevet Brigadier of Infantry on 2 April 1703. A few months later on 20 September 1703, the unit took part in the successful Battle of Hochstedt, better known as the Battle of Blenheim and a year later was involved in the unsuccessful battle on 13 August 1704, at the second Battle of Blenheim. Although Clare's Regiment experienced ups and downs, they were always admired. Two months after Blenheim, Charles rose to the brevet rank of Marshal-de-Camp on 26 October 1704, and a year later Lord Clare was assigned to the Army of the Moselle under the Marshel de Villars. Clare's Regiment fought in the disastrous Battle of Ramillies on 23 May 1706, where they distinguished themselves with great glory, but Lord Clare was mortally wounded and died at Brussels, Belgium.
Due to the great service the O'Brien family had given to France, and having risked all, King Louis XIV made sure that the regiment was kept in the family, and appointed Lt. Col. Murrough O'Brien (of the Carrigonnell O'Brien's) as its commander until the minor Charles came of age.
Charles O'Brien and Charlotte Bulkeley had two children, Charles O'Brien, 6th Viscount Clare (27 Mar 1699 – 9 Sep 1761) and Henry O'Brien (b. 12 Feb 1701).
References
1706 deaths
Viscounts in the Peerage of Ireland
Charles
Irish soldiers in the French Army
Irish expatriates in France
People from County Clare
17th-century Irish people
18th-century Irish people
1673 births
Irish soldiers in the army of James II of England
Sar Galleh () is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 28, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Beautiful You may refer to:
"Beautiful You", a 1972 song by Neil Sedaka
"Beautiful You" (The Oak Ridge Boys song), a 1981 song The Oak Ridge Boys
"Beautiful You" / "Sennen Koi Uta", a song by Tohoshinki
"Beautiful You", a song by Carly Smithson
Beautiful You (album), a 2008 album by John Illsley
Beautiful You (novel), a 2014 novel by Chuck Palahniuk
Xu Qiuping (born 29 August 1984) is a Paralympian athlete from China competing mainly in F37 classification throwing events.
Xu first represented her country at a Paralympic Games in 2008 in Beijing, entering the F37/38 shot put event. Her best throw of 10.21 left her in sixth place, outside the medals. She experienced greater success at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, where she won two medals; both silver in the F37 discus and shot put. As well as her Paralympic success Xu has won medals at the World Championships winning a silver and bronze in the 2011 Games in Christchurch.
Personal history
Xu was born in Shanghai, China in 1984. Due to damage to nerves in her brain, Xu is unable to move her right hand. She still lives is Shanghai and is a professional athlete.
Notes
Paralympic athletes of China
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for China
Living people
1984 births
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Chinese female discus throwers
Chinese female javelin throwers
Chinese female shot putters
Sportspeople from Shanghai
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Maria Wisława Anna Szymborska (; 2 July 1923 – 1 February 2012) was a Polish poet, essayist, translator, and recipient of the 1996 Nobel Prize in Literature. Born in Prowent (now part of Kórnik), she resided in Kraków until the end of her life. In Poland, Szymborska's books have reached sales rivaling prominent prose authors', though she wrote in a poem, "Some Like Poetry" ("Niektórzy lubią poezję"), that "perhaps" two in a thousand people like poetry.
Szymborska was awarded the 1996 Nobel Prize in Literature "for poetry that with ironic precision allows the historical and biological context to come to light in fragments of human reality". She became better known internationally as a result. Her work has been translated into English and many European languages, as well as into Arabic, Hebrew, Japanese, Persian and Chinese.
Life
Wisława Szymborska was born on 2 July 1923 in Prowent, Poland (now part of Kórnik, Poland), the second daughter of Wincenty Szymborski and Anna (née Rottermund) Szymborska. Her father was, at that time, the steward of Count Władysław Zamoyski, a Polish patriot and charitable patron. After Zamoyski's death in 1924, her family moved to Toruń, and in 1931 to Kraków, where she lived and worked until her death in early 2012.
When World War II broke out in 1939, she continued her education in underground classes. From 1943, she worked as a railroad employee and managed to avoid being deported to Germany as a forced labourer. During this time, her career as an artist began, with illustrations for an English-language textbook. She also began writing stories and occasional poems. In 1945, she began studying Polish literature before switching to sociology at Jagiellonian University in Kraków. There, she became involved in the local writing scene, and met and was influenced by Czesław Miłosz. In March 1945, she published her first poem, "Szukam słowa" ("Looking for words"), in the daily newspaper Dziennik Polski. Her poems continued to be published in various newspapers and periodicals for a number of years. In 1948, she quit her studies without a degree, due to poor financial circumstances; the same year, she married poet Adam Włodek, whom she divorced in 1954. They remained close until Włodek's death in 1986. Their union was childless. Around the time of her marriage, she was working as a secretary for an educational biweekly magazine as well as an illustrator. Her first book was to be published in 1949, but did not pass censorship as it "did not meet socialist requirements".
Szymborska adhered to the People's Republic of Poland's (PRL) official ideology early in her career, signing an infamous 1953 political petition condemning Polish priests accused of treason in a show trial. Her early work supported socialist themes, as seen in her debut collection Dlatego żyjemy (That is what we are living for), containing the poems "Lenin" and "Młodzieży budującej Nową Hutę" ("For the Youth who are building Nowa Huta"), about the construction of a Stalinist industrial town near Kraków. She became a member of the ruling Polish United Workers' Party.
Although initially close to the official party line, as the Polish Communist Party shifted from the Stalinist communists to "national" communists, Szymborska grew estranged from socialist ideology and renounced her earlier political work. Although she did not officially leave the Communist party until 1966, she began to establish contacts with dissidents. As early as 1957, she befriended Jerzy Giedroyc, the editor of the influential Paris-based émigré journal Kultura, to which she contributed. In 1964, she opposed a Communist-backed protest to The Times against independent intellectuals, demanding freedom of speech instead.
In 1953, Szymborska joined the staff of the literary review magazine Życie Literackie (Literary Life), where she continued to work until 1981 and from 1968 had a book review column, Lektury Nadobowiązkowe. Many of her essays from this period were later published in book form. From 1981 to 1983, she was an editor of the Kraków-based monthly periodical NaGlos (OutLoud). In the 1980s, she intensified her oppositional activities, contributing to the samizdat periodical Arka under the pseudonym "Stańczykówna", as well as to Kultura. In the early 1990s, with a poem published in Gazeta Wyborcza, she supported the vote of no confidence in the first non-Communist government that brought former Communists back to power. The last collection published while Szymborska was still alive, Dwukropek, was chosen as the best book of 2006 by readers of Poland's Gazeta Wyborcza. She also translated French literature into Polish, in particular Baroque poetry and the works of Agrippa d'Aubigné, a Huguenot soldier-poet during the French Wars of Religion. In Germany, Szymborska is closely associated with her translator Karl Dedecius, who did much to popularize her works there.
Death and last works
Surrounded by friends and relatives, Szymborska died peacefully of lung cancer in her sleep at home in Kraków in 2012, aged 88. She was working on new poetry at the time of her death, but was unable to arrange her final poems for publication in the way she wanted. Her last poetry was published later in 2012. In 2013, the Wisława Szymborska Award was established in honour of her legacy.
Themes
Szymborska frequently employed literary devices such as ironic precision, paradox, contradiction, and understatement to illuminate philosophical themes and obsessions. Many of her poems feature war and terrorism.
She wrote from unusual points of view, such as a cat in the newly empty apartment of its dead owner. Her reputation rests on a relatively small body of work, fewer than 350 poems. When asked why she had published so few poems, she said, "I have a trash can in my home".
Pop culture
Szymborska's poem "Buffo" was set to music by Barbara Maria Zakrzewska-Nikiporczyk in 1985.
Her poem "Love at First Sight" was used in the film Turn Left, Turn Right, starring Takeshi Kaneshiro and Gigi Leung. Krzysztof Kieślowski's film Three Colors: Red was also inspired by "Love at First Sight".
In her last year, Szymborska collaborated with Polish jazz trumpeter Tomasz Stańko, who dedicated his record Wisława (ECM, 2013) to her memory, taking inspiration from their collaboration and her poetry.
Szymborska's poem "People on the Bridge" was made into a film by Beata Poźniak. It was shown worldwide and at a New Delhi film festival. As an award, it was screened 36 more times in 18 Indian cities.
Major works
1952: Dlatego żyjemy ("That's Why We Are All Alive")
1954: Pytania zadawane sobie ("Questioning Yourself")
1957: Wołanie do Yeti ("Calling Out to Yeti")
1962: Sól ("Salt")
1966: 101 wierszy ("101 Poems")
1967: Sto pociech ("No End of Fun")
1967: Poezje wybrane ("Selected Poetry")
1972: Wszelki wypadek ("Could Have")
1976: Wielka liczba ("A Large Number")
1986: Ludzie na moście ("People on the Bridge")
1989: Poezje: Poems, bilingual Polish-English edition
1992: Lektury nadobowiązkowe ("Non-required Reading")
1993: Koniec i początek ("The End and the Beginning")
1996: Widok z ziarnkiem piasku ("View with a Grain of Sand")
1997: Sto wierszy – sto pociech ("100 Poems – 100 Happinesses")
2002: Chwila ("Moment")
2003: Rymowanki dla dużych dzieci ("Rhymes for Big Kids")
2005: Dwukropek ("Colon")
2009: Tutaj ("Here")
2012: Wystarczy ("Enough")
2013: Błysk rewolwru ("The Glimmer of a Revolver")
Prizes and awards
1954: The City of Kraków Prize for Literature
1963: The Polish Ministry of Culture Prize
1974: Knight's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta
1990: Kościelski Award
1991: Goethe Prize
1995: Herder Prize
1995: Honorary Degree of the Adam Mickiewicz University (Poznań)
1996: The Polish PEN Club prize
1996: Nobel Prize in Literature
1996: Person of the Year by Wprost
1997: Honorary Resident of the Royal Capital City of Kraków
2005: Gold Medal for Merit to Culture - Gloria Artis
2011: Order of the White Eagle
Reviews
1998 Boston Review: Poems – New and Collected 1957–1997 by Francis Padorr Brent
2001 The New Republic: "Miracle Fair: Selected Poems of Wislawa Szymborska" by Ruth Franklin
2006 The Christian Science Monitor: A fascinating journey with two women poets by Elizabeth Lund
2006 Moondance magazine: Stories/Poems. Plain and Simple. – Mapping the Words of Wislawa Szymborska on Her Latest Book, Monologue of a Dog by Lys Anzia
2006 Sarmatian Review: Wislawa Szymborska's 'Conversation With a Stone' – An Interpretation by Mary Ann Furno
2006 Words Without Borders: Monologue of a Dog – New Poems of Wislawa Szymborska by W. Martin
2015 All roads will lead you home Poetic Alchemy: Wislawa Szymborska's Map: Collected and Last Poems by Wally Swist [vacpoetry.org/journal/]
See also
List of female Nobel laureates
List of Nobel laureates in Literature
List of Polish Nobel laureates
List of Polish-language poets
Wisława Szymborska Award
Polish Writers on Writing featuring Wislawa Szymborska. Edited by Adam Zagajewski (Trinity University Press, 2007).
References
External links
Wislawa Szymborska: Including biography and Nobel speech – NobelPrize.org
including the Nobel Lecture, 7 December 1996 The poet and the world
List of Works
Wisława Szymborska at Encyclopædia Britannica
Wisława Szymborska poems and biography at poezja.org
1923 births
2012 deaths
Jagiellonian University alumni
Deaths from lung cancer
Deaths from cancer in Poland
Nike Award winners
Nobel laureates in Literature
People from Kórnik
Polish essayists
Polish Nobel laureates
Polish United Workers' Party members
Women Nobel laureates
Writers from Kraków
Polish women poets
Polish women essayists
Communist women writers
20th-century Polish poets
20th-century Polish women writers
21st-century Polish poets
20th-century essayists
21st-century essayists
Herder Prize recipients
21st-century Polish women writers
The New Yorker people
Polish atheists
Polish translators
French–Polish translators
Occasional poets
Screamland is an independent comic book series that was created by Harold Sipe and Héctor Casanova. The series was first launched as a five issue miniseries in 2008 and was followed by a second five-issue miniseries, Death of the Party, in 2011. Both miniseries were released through Image Comics. Sipe served as the writer for both miniseries and Héctor Casanova worked as the artist for the 2008 miniseries and as the cover artist for Death of the Party.
There are currently plans to create a third miniseries that follow the character of Frank as he travels to Japan and meets with other horror movie icons.
Synopsis
Screamland follows the lives of three monsters turned Hollywood movie actors, Frank, the lupine Carl London, and The Count. Frank and Carl are washed up "has beens" that find it extremely difficult to gain regular work and are often forced to make money by very dodgy means- something that is made more difficult by Frank's rampant alcoholism and Carl's short temper and tendency to overindulge in everything. The Count has been more fortunate, as his eternal youth and an ongoing fascination with vampires has ensured that he will always have lucrative work, but the public scrutiny also has his price. While The Count is still popular, he feels that he has to hide his homosexuality in fear that the public will turn on him. The comic frequently mentions a fourth monster, The Mummy, that is only shown in flashbacks, various media, and in conversations by various characters.
The first volume is episodic in nature and looks at the daily lives of Frank, Carl, and The Count and sets up some of their personal history and interactions with one another. During this volume we learn about Frank's drinking problem, Carl's rampant and self-destructive hedonism, and The Count's willingness to achieve fame at the cost of his own personal happiness. Readers are shown that Carl and Frank's lack of work is something a direct result of their own actions, especially in Carl's case as his own actions frequently lead to him pushing all but his most steadfast friends away from him. Volume two, Death of the Party, tells a more linear story and has Carl and his friend, former television star Travis Walters, investigating the murder of "Izzy", The Invisible Man. He was murdered after promising to show Phantasmagorgya, a pornographic film starring several movie monsters that was deliberately kept out of the public eye. Carl and Travis solve the mystery, but almost ruining their fragile friendship in the process when Travis is told that Phantasmagorgya was never released because it was a sex tape-turned snuff film that could ruin the lives of multiple monster stars. (Prior to this Travis believed that the film was merely a sex tape recorded during a party he and Carl had attended in the 1970s.) Travis is horrified that Carl and other monsters murdered two women during Phantasmagorgya, as the monsters covered it up and did not do "the right thing" by reporting it. Carl responds by saying that Travis would have participated in the snuff film if he had not been passed out from drinking too much and that while the monsters may have killed her because of their own natures, Travis would have participated because he could and because he would have been able to get away with it. It's ultimately revealed that Izzy faked his own murder in order to receive attention but did not plan on the police and media paying little serious attention to his murder. He had been following Travis and Carl around during their investigations and realized that he was the biggest monster of them all, as he was willing to put all of monster-kind at risk of being hunted due to the snuff film, all in the pursuit of fame. Izzy gives Travis and Carl the movie, as he has decided to remain "dead" and spend the rest of his life in obscurity. Travis and Carl then reconcile.
Characters
Frank: The character of Frank references Frankenstein's monster. He is an alcoholic, which is mostly due to how he was created, his past prior to being brought on to the movie scene, his current lack of a fulfilling career or lifestyle, and his own sense of melancholy and self-defeat. The Count manages to persuade him into seeing a therapist. This character is a main character in the 208 miniseries but is only briefly shown in Death of the Party.
Carl London: Carl is an extremely hedonistic and self-destructive werewolf based on the Wolfman. He is shown to have an extremely short temper and is frequently rude to others, as in the case of the vampire Tempest. Carl is willing to take on any job, which keeps him employed for the most part, but his own extremes often lead him to be at odds with the other characters. He's friends with Travis, who is shown to be one of the few characters willing to remain in constant contact with him- despite Travis's own disgust with Carl.
The Count. The Count is a vampire based on Count Dracula. He is shown to be a closeted homosexual and in the first volume this leads to tensions between him and a popular entertainment show host with whom The Count previously had a one-night stand. He is frequently calmer than the other characters and regularly sees a therapist.
The Mummy: The Mummy is based on the character Imhotep. He is not an active character in the series and is only referenced through conversations, various media, and flashbacks. The Mummy had previously attempted to start a career as a war-protesting folk singer, but was ultimately unsuccessful. He is shown to have left the country for various reasons, one of which was because he had murdered a stand-up comedian for heckling him, and in Death of the Party it is revealed by way of a news story that he is currently active in an anti-America terrorist group.
Travis Walters: Travis Walters is a human character that had previously starred as a spaceship technician similar to James Doohan's Star Trek character Montgomery Scott. Like his friend Carl, Travis is unable to find work like he used to and makes much of his money by appearing at fan conventions. Travis and Carl have been shown to have been friends for decades and while Travis was briefly horrified by Carl's reaction to the truth of the film Phantasmagorgya, he realizes that he has always known who Carl ultimately was and makes peace with this.
Andrea Silverman: Andrea is the Hollywood agent of most of the monsters in the series. She is a ruthless character that is willing to do anything for her stars, including covering up murders perpetrated by her clients.
Development
While creating the series, Sipe drew on his own experiences in Los Angeles and stated that "The first volume really became a meditation on my time there and a lot of thinking on fame culture and all the really awful stuff about pop culture filtered in as well." For the first volume Sipe chose to focus predominantly on monsters considered to be the most recognizable horror movie icons. In the second volume Sipe teamed up with fellow writer Christopher Sebela and as the two wanted to "go in a different direction" they chose to focus on lesser known monsters and how fame has treated them.
Release history
Screamland (2008, writer - Harold Sipe, artist - Héctor Casanova)
Screamland: Death of the Party (2011, writer - Harold Sipe, artist - Lee Leslie, covers - Héctor Casanova)
Reception
Critical reception for the Screamland series has been mostly positive and the first volume was named one of SF Site's "Editors' Choice Top 10 Best Books of the Year" for 2008. Ain't It Cool News praised the series, which they described as "classic monsters meet ENTORAGE [sic]". Wizard magazine awarded it the "Best Satire" category in 2008. The Library Journal was more mixed in their review for the first volume and wrote that "The mystery is complex, and the characterization is solid, but the story is disjointed and thin."
References
American comics titles
Image Comics titles
Vampires in comics
Werewolf comics
Hollington may refer to:
Hollington, East Sussex, England
Hollington, Derbyshire, England
Hollington, Hampshire, England
Hollington, Staffordshire, England
Recurrent miscarriage is three or more consecutive pregnancy losses. In contrast, infertility is the inability to conceive. In many cases the cause of RPL is unknown. After three or more losses, a thorough evaluation is recommended by American Society of Reproductive Medicine. About 1% of couples trying to have children are affected by recurrent miscarriage.
Causes
There are various causes for recurrent miscarriage, and some can be treated. Some couples never have a cause identified, often after extensive investigations. About 50–75% of cases of recurrent miscarriage are unexplained.
Chromosomal disorders
A balanced translocation or Robertsonian translocation in one of the partners leads to unviable fetuses that are miscarried. This explains why a karyogram is often performed in both partners if a woman has experienced repeated miscarriages.
Aneuploidy may be a cause of a random spontaneous as well as recurrent pregnancy loss. Aneuploidy is more common with advanced reproductive age reflecting decreased germ cell quality.
Larger chromosomal disorders are generally detected on karyotype. In couples where a miscarried embryo has an abnormal karyotype, 76% of subsequent miscarried embryos have shown abnormal karyotypes as well. On the other hand, this group of couples have a better long-term live birth rate than those where miscarried embryos have normal karyotype.
Lifestyle factors
While lifestyle factors have been associated with increased risk for miscarriage in general, and are usually not listed as specific causes for RPL, every effort should be made to address these issues in patients with RPL. Of specific concern are chronic exposures to toxins including smoking, alcohol, and drugs.
Anatomical conditions
Fifteen percent of women who have experienced three or more recurring miscarriages have some anatomical reason for the inability to complete the pregnancy. The structure of the uterus has an effect on the ability to carry a child to term. Anatomical differences are common and can be congenital.
Cervical conditions
In the second trimester a weak cervix can become a recurrent problem. Such cervical incompetence leads to premature pregnancy loss resulting in miscarriages or preterm deliveries. It has been estimated that cervical insufficiency is a cause in about 8% of women with second trimester recurrent miscarriages.
Endocrine disorders
Women with hypothyroidism are at increased risk for pregnancy losses. Unrecognized or poorly treated diabetes mellitus leads to increased miscarriages. Women with polycystic ovary syndrome also have higher loss rates possibly related to hyperinsulinemia or excess androgens. Inadequate production of progesterone in the luteal phase may set the stage for RPL (see below).
Thrombophilia
An important example is the possible increased risk of miscarriage in women with thrombophilia (propensity for blood clots). The most common problem is the factor V Leiden and prothrombin G20210A mutation. Some preliminary studies suggest that anticoagulant medication may improve the chances of carrying pregnancy to term but these studies need to be confirmed before they are adopted in clinical practice. Note that many women with thrombophilia go through one or more pregnancies with no difficulties, while others may have pregnancy complications. Thrombophilia may explain up to 49–65% of recurrent miscarriages.
Immune factors
A common feature of immune factors in causing recurrent pregnancy loss appears to be a decreased maternal immune tolerance towards the fetus.
Antiphospholipid syndrome
The antiphospholipid syndrome is an autoimmune disease that is a common cause of recurrent pregnancy loss. Around 15% of the women who have recurrent miscarriages have high levels of antiphospholipid antibodies. Women who have had more than one miscarriage in the first trimester, or a miscarriage in the second trimester, may have their blood tested for antibodies, to determine if they have antiphospholipid syndrome. Women diagnosed with antiphospholipid syndrome generally take aspirin or heparin in subsequent pregnancies, but questions remain due to the lack of high quality trials.
Thyroid antibodies
Anti-thyroid autoantibodies are associated with an increased risk of recurrent miscarriage with an odds ratio of 2.3 with a 95% confidence interval of 1.5–3.5.
Increased uterine NK cells
Natural killer cells, a type of white blood cell, are present in uterine tissue. High levels of these cells may be linked to RPL but high numbers or the presence of these cells is not a predictor of pregnancy loss in women who have not had had a miscarriage.
Parental HLA sharing
Earlier studies that perhaps paternal sharing of HLA genes would be associated with increased pregnancy loss have not been confirmed.
Male-specific minor histocompatibility
Immunization of mothers against male-specific minor histocompatibility (H-Y) antigens has a pathogenic role in many cases of secondary recurrent miscarriage, that is, recurrent miscarriage in pregnancies succeeding a previous live birth. An example of this effect is that the male:female ratio of children born prior and subsequent to secondary recurrent miscarriage is 1.49 and 0.76 respectively.
Ovarian factors
Luteal phase defect
The issue of a luteal phase defect is complex. The theory behind the concept suggests that an inadequate amount of progesterone is produced by the corpus luteum to maintain the early pregnancy. Assessment of this situation was traditionally carried out by an endometrial biopsy, however recent studies have not confirmed that such assessment is valid. Studies about the value of progesterone supplementation remain deficient, however, such supplementation is commonly carried out on an empirical basis.
Infection
Infections are estimated to be responsible for between 0.5 and 5% of cases with recurrent miscarriage. The main suspected pathogens are mycoplasma, ureaplasma, Chlamydia trachomatis, Listeria monocytogenes, and herpes simplex virus. An infectious evaluation may be warranted in people with immunodeficiency, or with signs of chronic endometritis/cervicitis on examination. Otherwise, there is no evidence that routine infectious evaluation is appropriate or productive.
Chronic endometritis (CE) due to common bacteria has been found to be prevalent in some women with a history of recurrent miscarriage. One study found that 71 percent of women who tested positive for this condition were successfully treated by an antibiogram-based antibiotic treatment. 78.4 percent of these women subsequently became pregnant in the year following treatment. The study concludes that "CE is frequent in women with recurrent miscarriages," and that "antibiotic treatment seems to be associated with an improved reproductive outcome." The authors also conclude, "that hysteroscopy should be a part of the diagnostic workup of infertile women complaining of unexplained recurrent miscarriage." Despite challenges in diagnosing chronic endometritis, often done by identifying plasma cells within the lining of the womb, a recent study identified women with chronic endometritis were more likely to have a miscarriage than women without.
Assessment
Transvaginal ultrasonography has become the primary method of assessment of the health of an early pregnancy.
In non-pregnant patients who are evaluated for recurrent pregnancy loss the following tests are usually performed.
Parental chromosome testing (karyogram) is generally recommended after 2 or 3 pregnancy losses. Blood tests for thrombophilia, ovarian function, thyroid function and diabetes are performed.
Treatment
If the likely cause of recurrent pregnancy loss can be determined treatment is to be directed accordingly. In pregnant women with a history of recurrent miscarriage, anticoagulants seem to increase the live birth rate among those with antiphospholipid syndrome and perhaps those with congenital thrombophilia but not in those with unexplained recurrent miscarriage. One study found that in many women with chronic endometritis, "fertility was restored after appropriate antibiotic treatment."
There are currently no treatments for women with unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss. The majority of patients are counseled to try to conceive again, and chances are about 60% that the next pregnancy is successful without treatment. However, each additional loss worsens the prognostic for a successful pregnancy and increases the psychological and physical risks to the mother. Aspirin has no effect in preventing recurrent miscarriage in women with unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss. Immunotherapy has not been found to help. There is currently one drug in development, NT100, which is in clinical trials for the treatment of unexplained recurrent miscarriage. The study investigates the role of NT100 in improving maternal-fetal tolerance for women with unexplained recurrent miscarriage.
In certain chromosomal situations, while treatment may not be available, in vitro fertilization with preimplantation genetic diagnosis may be able to identify embryos with a reduced risk of another pregnancy loss which then would be transferred. However, in vitro fertilization does not improve maternal-fetal tolerance imbalances.
Close surveillance during pregnancy is generally recommended for pregnant patients with a history of recurrent pregnancy loss. Even with appropriate and correct treatment another pregnancy loss may occur as each pregnancy develops its own risks and problems.
Psychological effects of miscarriages
There is significant, and often unrecognized, psychological and psychiatric trauma for the mother – for many, miscarriage represents the loss of a future child, of motherhood, and engenders doubts regarding her ability to procreate.
"There is tremendous psychological impact of recurrent miscarriage. Psychological support in the form of frequent discussions and sympathetic counseling are crucial to the successful evaluation and treatment of the anxious couple. When no etiologic factor is identified, no treatment started at 60% to 80% fetal salvage rate still may be expected. Therefore, couples with unexplained recurrent miscarriage should be offered appropriate emotional support and reassurance."
Association with later disease
Recurrent miscarriage in itself is associated with later development of coronary artery disease with an odds ratio of approximately 2, increased risk of ovarian cancer, increased risk of cardiovascular complications, and an increased risk of all-cause mortality of 44%, 86%, and 150% for women with a history of 1, 2, or 3 miscarriages, respectively.
Women with a history of recurrent miscarriage are at risk of developing preeclampsia in later pregnancies.
References
Bibliography
External links
Fertility medicine
Fertility
Noninflammatory disorders of female genital tract
Miscarriage
Imara dos Reis Ferreira (born February 14, 1948) better known as Imara Reis, is a Brazilian stage, television and film actress.
Biography
Imara Reis began acting on stage at Colégio Santa Marcelina. She's Graduated by the Universidade Federal Fluminense, where she also graduated at Theater, in the Grupo Laboratório, alongside Tonico Pereira and José Carlos Gondim.
In 1973, invited by Tonico Pereira, Imara becomes a member of Grupo Chegança, whose notorious members are Ilva Niño, Elba Ramalho, Cátia de França and Tânia Alves. In the late 1970s, on travel to France, she played Sílvia in her first short film of the same name, directed by Helena Rocha.
In 2010, her biography, written by Thiago Sogayar Bechara. was published by the Imprensa Oficial do Estado de São Paulo.
Filmography
Film
Television
External links
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0718320/
1948 births
Living people
Brazilian actresses
Actresses from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Vilas Potnis is a leader of Shiv sena and a member of Maharashtra Legislative Council from Mumbai.
Maharasthe Maharashtra Legislative Council from Mumbai Graduate constituency.
Positions held
2018: Elected to Maharashtra Legislative Council
References
External links
Shivsena Home Page
Living people
Politicians from Mumbai
Year of birth missing (living people)
Shiv Sena politicians
An Oboe quartet is a composition scored for oboe, violin, viola and basso. While the genre is not very common, Mozart wrote the most well known, his Oboe Quartet, K. 370. Other composers of oboe quartets include Johann Christian Bach, Josef Fiala, Franz Krommer, Colin Matthews, Peter McGarr and Jesús Torres. The oboe quartet form is often less preferable to composers than the standard string quartet, as indicated by the few compositions for this ensemble.
Chamber music
Project Eagle is an interactive art demo of a colony on Mars, developed by Blackbird Interactive in collaboration with NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. It was released on Steam on 27 November 2018, in honor of the successful InSight landing.
Production
Project Eagle was built in the Unity (Game Engine) and utilizes design elements similar to that of the RTS game Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak, including the sensors manager view and camera systems.
The Martian terrain was generated using radar data from NASA's HiRISE camera on board the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter.
Project Eagle is set in 2117 in a hypothetical future after the first human colonists arrive on Mars in the year 2034 The fictional "Eagle Base" is located at the foot of Mount Sharp (Aeolis Mons), in Quad 51 of Aeolis Palus in Gale Crater, near the site of the Curiosity rover landing. The Curiosity landing site is marked with a plinth in Project Eagle.
2017 D.I.C.E. Summit
Project Eagle was presented on stage at D.I.C.E. 2017 by NASA's Dr. Jeff Norris, and BBI's CEO Rob Cunningham and CCO Aaron Kambeitz. The talk took place directly after the conference keynote speech by Jeffrey Kaplan from Blizzard Entertainment
"We wanted to publicly exhibit a project that shows what this medium could do for inspiring space exploration.” -Jeff Norris
References
Colonization of Mars
Interactive art
Yukarıovacık is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 33 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Gordon Arrowsmith (born June 13, 1944) is an English-born Canadian former soccer referee.
Career
He was born in London, England, and began refereeing in 1965 in Paisley, Scotland. In 1970, he emigrated to Toronto, Canada, where he continued match officiating and was also employed by the Metropolitan Toronto Police Force. He served on the FIFA International Referees List for 10 years from 1982 till 1991. He officiated in the National Soccer League in the 1970s. In 1980, he began refereeing in the North American Soccer League.
He was selected for the 1987 FIFA U-16 World Championship, and officiated the 1988, and 1991 Canadian Soccer League finals. He later officiated the 1998 CPSL Championship final, and the first match series of the CPSL League Cup final. In 1992, the Canadian Soccer Association selected Arrowsmith as the recipient for the Ray Morgan Memorial Award, and the Canada Soccer International Achievement Award in 1997. In 2012, he was inducted into the Canada Soccer Hall of Fame in the Builder category.
References
1944 births
Living people
English emigrants to Canada
Sportspeople from London
Canadian soccer referees
Canadian police officers
Toronto police officers
Sportspeople from Toronto
Richardson Bluff () is a steep rock bluff which rises on the east side of Kirkby Glacier opposite Frecker Ridge, in the Anare Mountains, Victoria Land. Named by ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) for Sgt. Alan K. Richardson, RAAF, member of the RAAF Antarctic Flight which accompanied the ANARE (Thala Dan) cruise to this coast, 1962.
References
Cliffs of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
The Red River Valley League was a minor league baseball league that played in the 1897 season. The four–team, Class F level Red River Valley League consisted of teams based in North Dakota and Minnesota. The Red River Valley League played just the 1897 season, before permanently folding. The Moorhead Barmaids were league champions.
History
A "Red River Valley League" played several seasons as a semi–pro league before the league evolved to become a full minor league in 1897.
The Red River Valley League began minor league baseball play in the 1897 season as a Class F league. The Four charter teams were the Moorhead Barmaids, Grand Forks Senators/Black Stockings, Wahpeton–Breckenridge Methodists and Fargo Divorcees. The league presidents were Chauncey Wheeler and Senator W.A. Gordon, who also served as manager of Grand Forks. Player salaries were capped at $40.00 per month by the league.
The Red River Valley League permanently disbanded on August 8, 1897 eight days after the first–half of the season had ended.
At the time the Red River Valley League folded, on August 8, 1897, the Moorhead Barmaids were in 1st place in the league standings with a 32–13 record. Moorhead was 10.5 games ahead of the 2nd place Grand Forks Senators/Grand Forks Black Stockings (19–21). They were followed by the Wahpeton–Breckenridge Methodists (16–21) and Fargo Divorcees (17–29).
Longest scoreless tie in history
Notably, the River Valley League's Fargo Red Stockings and Grand Forks Black Stockings played a 25–inning, 0–0 tie on July 18, 1891 in the second game of a doubleheader, a 4 hour and 10 minute game. William Gibbs of the Grand Forks Black Stockings, and George Raymer of the Fargo Red Stockings, each pitched a record 25 scoreless innings in the game. The game is the longest scoreless tie in baseball history. The umpire ended the game after the completion of the 25th inning because the teams had to catch a train. The 25th inning concluded at 8:10 pm. The ballgame was played at neutral site. Grand Forks owner Tom Hill relocated the series to the North Dakota State Militia Training Grounds in Devils Lake, North Dakota hoping for larger attendance.
Media
The Red River Valley League was the subject of a book, Divorcees, Barmaids, and Cranks: The 1897 Red River Valley Baseball League by Jeffrey J. Bozovsky.
1897 Red River Valley League teams
Standings & statistics
1897 Red River Valley League
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Defunct minor baseball leagues in the United States
Baseball leagues in North Dakota
Baseball leagues in Minnesota
Sport leagues established in 1897
Sport leagues disestablished in 1897
1897 establishments in the United States
1897 disestablishments in the United States
Barbara Elizabeth Engelhardt is an American computer scientist and specialist in bioinformatics. Working as a Professor at Stanford University, her work has focused on latent variable models, exploratory data analysis for genomic data, and QTLs. In 2021, she was awarded the Overton Prize by the International Society for Computational Biology.
Education
Engelhardt received a Bachelor of Science in Symbolic Systems and a Master of Science in Computer Science from Stanford University. She received a PhD in 2008 from the University of California, Berkeley supervised by Michael I. Jordan.
Career and research
Engelhardt worked as a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Chicago in the Department of Human Genetics with Matthew Stephens from 2008 to 2011. She joined Duke University in 2011 as an assistant professor in the Biostatistics and Bioinformatics Department. She joined Princeton University as an assistant professor in 2014 and received a promotion to Associate Professor with tenure in 2017. In August 2022, she moved to California, she now holds the position of Professor at Stanford University and Gladstone Institute of Data Science and Biotechnology.
After graduating from Stanford, Engelhardt worked at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in the Artificial Intelligence group for two years, working on planning and scheduling for autonomous spacecraft. As a graduate student at Berkeley, she developed statistical models for protein function annotation and statistical frameworks for reasoning about ontologies. During her postdoctoral research, she developed sparse factor analysis models for population structure and Bayesian models for association testing.
In her faculty position, the bulk of Engelhardt's research focused on developing latent variable models and exploratory data analysis for genomic data, and also on statistical models for association testing in expression QTLs. As a member of the Genotype Tissue Expression (GTEx) Consortium, her group was responsible for the trans-eQTL discovery and analysis in the GTEx v6 and v8 data.
Post tenure, Engelhardt's research in these latent variable models has expanded to include single cell sequencing, with a particular focus on spatial transcriptomics. She also has work on Bayesian experimental design using contextual multi-armed bandits, and has adapted this work to the novel species problem in order to inform single cell data collection for atlas building. Her work has also expanded into machine learning for electronic healthcare records.
Engelhardt's work has been featured in Quanta Magazine. In 2017, she gave a TEDx talk entitled: 'Not What but Why: Machine Learning for Understanding Genomics.'
Honors and awards
Engelhardt's research has been funded by the National Institutes of Health through two R01 grants and a number of other mechanisms. Engelhardt has been recognized by several awards including an Alfred P. Sloan Fellowship in Computational Biology, a National Science Foundation CAREER Award, two Chan Zuckerberg Initiative grants for the Human Cell Atlas, and a Fast Grant for her recent work on COVID-19. In 2021, she was awarded the Overton Prize by the International Society for Computational Biology.
Engelhardt's postdoctoral work was partly funded through an NIH NHGRI K99 grant, and her PhD was partly funded through an NSF Graduate Research Fellowship and the Google Anita Borg Scholarship in 2005. She received SMBE's Walter M. Fitch Prize in 2004.
Service and leadership
Engelhardt served on the Board of Directors (2014–2017) and the Senior Advisory Council (2017–present) for Women in Machine Learning. She is the Diversity & Inclusion Co-chair at the International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML, 2018–2022). In 2019, she was a member of the NIH Advisory Committee to the Director, Working Group on Artificial Intelligence
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Women computational biologists
Princeton University faculty
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Stanford University alumni
American women computer scientists
American computer scientists
21st-century American women scientists
Sloan Fellows
Overton Prize winners
Don J. Sunderlage (December 20, 1929 – July 15, 1961) was an American basketball player.
A 6'1" guard from Roselle, Illinois, Sunderlage played collegiately at the University of Illinois, earning the Chicago Tribune Silver Basketball award in 1951. From 1953 to 1955, he played in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Milwaukee Hawks and Minneapolis Lakers. He averaged 7.7 points per game in his career and represented the Hawks at the 1954 NBA All-Star Game.
High school
A native of Roselle, Illinois, Sunderlage attended Elgin High School from 1943–44 to 1946–47. He was a guard who led his team to a Big 8 Conference championship while setting the Elgin High School scoring record of 359 points during the 1946-47 season. Following his senior season, Sunderlage was selected to play in a North-South All Star game where he was the high scorer for the North. In two varsity seasons, Sunderlage's Elgin Maroons teams won 35 games while only losing 6 (win pct=85.3%).
In 1973, Sunderlage was inducted into the Illinois Basketball Coaches Association's Hall of Fame as a player.
College
In the fall of 1947, Sunderlage enrolled at the University of Illinois and was a member of the freshman basketball team. In his sophomore year he was the starting point guard of the 1948-49 Fighting Illini team that finished first in the Big Nine with a 21-4 record and advanced to the NCAA Tournament. Illinois defeated Yale to earn a berth in the Final Four (only eight teams played in the tournament back then), but lost to eventual national champion Kentucky, 76–47. They defeated Oregon State in the third place game, however. This was Illinois' first 20-game winning team since 1908 which equaled a final AP ranking of No. 4 in the nation.
The 1949–50 season was the worst of Sunderlage's three varsity seasons of Illini basketball. The absence of Dike Eddleman's 329 points from the previous season left the Illini with a fourth-place finish in the conference at 7 wins and 5 losses while finishing the regular season with an overall record of 14 wins and 8 losses. After the season, Sunderlage was named captain for the following season on a team that added future All-Americans Jim Bredar and Irv Bemoras. Even with the lack of overall success by the team, Sunderlage won the Ralph Woods Memorial Free Throw trophy in 1950
Unlike the previous season, the 1950–51 campaign was the best of Sunderlage's time at Illinois. A 13 win conference season marked only the second time since 1942 that the Fighting Illini men's basketball team had completed that feat. Head coach Harry Combes had guided his team to a Big Ten championship, a third-place finish in the 1951 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament and a final AP ranking of No. 5 in the nation. The 1950-51 team compiled an overall record of 22 wins and 5 losses with a conference record of 13 wins and 1 loss. During the tournament, Illinois beat Columbia, 79-71, and North Carolina State, 84-70, to get to the national semifinals and a rematch with the Kentucky Wildcats, which had downed the Illini in the national semifinals in 1949. In a heart-breaking loss, Kentucky nipped Illinois, 76-74. The Illini collected third place nationally by beating Oklahoma A&M, 61-46, in Minneapolis. Along with Sunderlage, the team included and Ted Beach, Rodney Fletcher, Irving Bemoras, Robert Peterson and Mack Follmer.
After the completion of his senior season, Sunderlage was named the Most Valuable Player of the Big Ten Conference and honored with the Chicago Tribune Silver Basketball award. He was also a Helms 2nd team All-American, a Sporting News 2nd team All-American, a United Press International 3rd team All-American, a Converse 3rd team All-American and an Associated Press Honorable Mention All-American. In addition to his other honors, Sunderlage was the first Illinois player to score more than 400 points in a season (471 in 1951). In his three years of varsity basketball, Sunderlage played in 74 games while scoring 777 points for an average of 10.5 points per game. His teams won 57 games while losing only 17 (win pct=77.0%).
In 2008, Sunderlage was honored as one of the thirty-three honored jerseys which hang in the State Farm Center to show regard for being the most decorated basketball players in the University of Illinois' history.
Professional basketball
After leaving the University of Illinois, Sunderlage played professionally for two seasons in the National Basketball Association. He was selected in the 1951 NBA Draft by the Philadelphia Warriors in the first round. He never ended up playing for them, however, as he was traded for Mark Workman to the Milwaukee Hawks on November 19, 1952, just as the 1953–54 NBA season began. An additional misfortune for Sunderlage was the fact that he was required to serve a year in the military, pushing his start in the NBA back a season. He played in 68 games and averaged over 11 points per game for the Hawks and was a coaches selection for the 1954 NBA All-Star Game. In September 1954, Sunderlage was again traded, this time to the Minneapolis Lakers. He played in 45 games for the Lakers during the 1954–55 NBA season but his minutes and scoring were drastically reduced from his previous season and on July 1, 1955 he was released from his contract.
Personal life & death
Sunderlage was the son of Alfred Henry Sunderlage and Hulda Louise Minnie Sunderlage and married Mary "Janice" Newby. Their marriage resulted in the birth of one son, Steven, born December 23, 1959.
On July 15, 1961, Sunderlage and his wife died following a car accident in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin.
Honors
1951 - First-team All-Big Ten
1951 - Team MVP and Captain
1951 - All-American
1951 - Earned the Chicago Tribune''s Silver Basketball award
1951 - Big Ten Player of the Year
1951 - University of Illinois Athlete of the Year
1973 - Inducted into the Illinois Basketball Coaches Association's Hall of Fame as a player.
2008 - Honored as one of the thirty-three honored jerseys which hang in the State Farm Center to show regard for being the most decorated basketball players in the University of Illinois' history.
Statistics
College basketball
NBA career statistics
Regular season
External links
References
1929 births
1961 deaths
All-American college men's basketball players
Basketball players from Illinois
Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball players
Milwaukee Hawks players
Minneapolis Lakers players
National Basketball Association All-Stars
People from Roselle, Illinois
Philadelphia Warriors draft picks
Road incident deaths in Wisconsin
American men's basketball players
Point guards
The 1926 Chicago Cardinals season was their seventh in the National Football League. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 11–2–1, winning only five games. They finished tenth in the league.
Schedule
Standings
References
Arizona Cardinals seasons
Chicago Cardinals
Chicago Cardinals
For the painter, see Robert Field (painter)
Robert W. Field (born June 13, 1944) is the Haslam and Dewey Professor of Chemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he has been a professor since 1974. His AB degree is in chemistry from Amherst College, and his PhD is in chemistry from Harvard University, where he worked with Bill Klemperer. He was a postdoc with Herbert Broida at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Spectroscopy
He is a physical chemist, specializing in spectroscopy of small molecules in the gas phase. He performed the first microwave-optical and optical-optical double resonance experiments on small molecules, and invented the Stimulated Emission Pumping (SEP, or "PUMP and DUMP") spectroscopic method. He is also particularly known for studies of the molecules acetylene (C2H2) and calcium fluoride (CaF) in the gas phase.
His active research group at MIT includes about eight graduate students and postdocs working on experimental, theoretical and computational physical chemistry of small molecules in the gas phase.
Awards
He is the recipient of the Broida Prize (1980), the Plyler Prize (1988), the Lippincott Award (1990), the Arthur L. Schawlow Prize in Laser Science (2009), the E. Bright Wilson Award in Spectroscopy (2012), and the Nobel Laureate Signature Award. He is a Fellow of the American Physical Society, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the National Academy of Sciences.
References
Further reading
External links
https://chemistry.mit.edu/profile/robert-w-field/
1944 births
Living people
American physical chemists
Amherst College alumni
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
University of California, Santa Barbara alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science faculty
Spectroscopists
Computational chemists
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Driby is a village in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated west from the town of Alford. A former civil parish, it is now part of the parish of South Thoresby. It is in Alford.
Driby church was dedicated to Saint Michael, rebuilt in 1849–50, closed by the Diocese of Lincoln during the 20th century, and now a private house. It is a Grade II listed building.
References
External links
Villages in Lincolnshire
East Lindsey District
Former civil parishes in Lincolnshire
"Touch Me" is a song written by Yoko Ono that was first released on her 1970 album Yoko Ono/Plastic Ono Band. An edited version was later released in the U.S. as the b-side to John Lennon's single "Power to the People."
"Touch Me" was recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London during recording sessions in September and October 1970.
Music and vocals
"Touch Me" features vocals by Ono backed by Lennon on guitar, Klaus Voormann on bass guitar and Ringo Starr on drums. Beatle biographer John Blaney describes the instrumentation provided by Lennon, Voormann and Starr as a "jazz-rock fusion" and states that "their investigations into group dynamics [produce] a wave of sound to support Ono's vocal modulations." On the other hand, Beatle biographer Bruce Spizer states that the song consists of "little more than Yoko wailing over a changing and disjointed musical backdrop." Music lecturers Ben Urish and Ken Bielen describe the song as "a gritty effort, with grumbling and staccato guitar work from Lennon under Ono's alternately fractured and wavering vocals." Music critic Johnny Rogan describes the song as a "highly wrought performance by Yoko, reinforced by instrumental contributions from Lennon, Voormann and Starr." In addition to instrumentation, the song includes the sound of a tree falling early on.
Interpretations
Pop Matters critic Adam Mason interprets "Touch Me" as an outpouring of Ono's inner torment. Musician Thollem McDonas described "Touch Me" as "a desperate plea for connectivity." He went on to state that:
John's guitar seems to ascend, going on infinitely, while Ringo plays the drums like orchestral timpani. The pause at 3:25 is so pregnant. It makes you wonder, where is this piece going? It's like the beginning of the end...Sweet anticipation that is ultimately unfulfilled, before dissolving into the sound of joyful, or wrathful, creatures.
According to Blaney, the song was improvised. Blaney describes Ono's improvisations as being "the first step in Ono's creative praxis," and that she intends for the listener to add to her work and thus "elicit positive reciprocity." Ono has stated that "I called it Unfinished Music, which meant that you were supposed to put your own thing on, in the same way that remixers do today."
Single release
While in the UK Ono's "Open Your Box" appeared as the b-side of "Power to the People," that song was censored by the record company in the US as a result of a belief that it promoted promiscuity, particularly a line suggesting that Lennon should open his legs. As a result, "Touch Me" replaced "Open Your Box" as the b-side to "Power to the People" in the US. According to Ono biographer Jerry Hopkins, "Touch Me" was selected largely because it was a track from Yoko Ono/Plastic Ono Band that was short enough to fit. Nonetheless, the version on the single was edited down to 3:40, from 4:37 on the album version.
References
1970 songs
Yoko Ono songs
Songs written by Yoko Ono
Song recordings produced by Yoko Ono
Song recordings produced by John Lennon
1971 singles
Apple Records singles
Plastic Ono Band songs
The Rush River, in the U.S. state of Minnesota, is a waterway located entirely in Sibley County, although its watershed also includes parts of Nicollet and McLeod counties. It is a tributary of the Minnesota River.
The Rush River begins at the junction of its Middle and North Branches, at approximately 94.1W longitude, and 44.5N latitude. It then flows generally to the east, with the South Branch joining it at approximately 94.0W and 44.5N. It continues east until it joins the Minnesota River north-northeast of Le Sueur, Minnesota, which then proceeds generally north and east until it joins the Mississippi River.
North Branch Rush River
The North Branch Rush River drains from Titlow Lake east of Gaylord, Minnesota, and flows southeast, joining the Middle Branch Rush River to form the Rush River.
Middle Branch Rush River
The Middle Branch Rush River starts northwest of Gibbon, Minnesota and flows east until it joins the North Branch and forms the Rush River.
South Branch Rush River
The South Branch Rush River starts between Winthrop and Lafayette, west-southwest of Gaylord near the Sibley-Nicollet county line, and flows east until it joins the Rush River.
See also
List of rivers of Minnesota
References
Rivers of Minnesota
Rivers of Sibley County, Minnesota
Tributaries of the Minnesota River
Sree Guruvayoorappan is a 1964 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by S. Ramanathan and produced by K. S. Ganapathy. The film stars Kaduvakulam Antony, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, Kamala and Kedamangalam Sadanandan. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Prem Nawas
Kamala
Kedamangalam Sadanandan
Pappukutty Bhagavathar
T. S. Muthaiah
Kaduvakulam Antony
Ambika
Devaki
Kushalakumari
Pandaribhai
Panjabi
S. P. Pillai
Baby Vinodini
Lalitha Ramanathan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by Abhayadev.
References
External links
1964 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by S. Ramanathan
Great Britain Boxing is a team of elite amateur boxers from Great Britain, which is funded by the National Lottery and is based in the English Institute of Sport in Sheffield.
The Great British boxing team is split into two squads, the 'Podium' and 'Development', and the concept is that those of the 'Podium' are largely the current Olympians, the more experienced and accomplished of the elite of amateur boxing in Britain. Whereas the Development Squad focuses on developing the future generation of boxers for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics and beyond. The British Boxing team has emerged as a 'force' in the amateur boxing game in recent years. The sophisticated set-up at the 'amateur' base is supported by a team of world-class nutritionalists, physiotherapists, psychologists as well as a partnership with Soulmate Food.
Training base
The GB Boxing Team are based at the English Institute of Sport in Sheffield where they have a state-of-the-art purpose-built boxing gymnasium, opened in 2009.
Olympic Games
1948 London Olympics
Date: 1948
Location: London, England
Participants: 8
Medal Haul: 0 G, 2 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
1952 Helsinki Olympics
Date: 1952
Location: Helsinki, Finland
Participants: 10
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
1956 Melbourne Olympics
Date: 1956
Location: Melbourne, Australia
Participants: 7
Medal Haul: 2 G, 1 S, 2 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
1960 Rome Olympics
Date: 1960
Location: Rome, Italy
Participants: 5
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 3 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
1964 Tokyo Olympics
Date: 1964
Location: Tokyo, Japan
Participants: 8
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
1968 Mexico City Olympics
Date: 1968
Location: Mexico City, Mexico
Participants: 2
Medal Haul: 1 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
1972 Munich Olympics
Date: 1972
Location: Munich, West Germany
Participants: 8
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 3 B
'Boxers:
Coaches:
1976 Montreal Olympics
Date: 1976
Location: Montreal, Canada
Participants: 6
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 1 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
1980 Moscow Olympics
Date: 1980
Location: Moscow, Russia
Participants: 9
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 1 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
1984 Los Angeles Olympics
Date: 1984
Location: Los Angeles, United States
Participants: 11
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 1 B
Boxers:
1988 Seoul Olympics
Date: 1988
Location: Seoul, South Korea
Participants: 8
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 1 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
1992 Barcelona Olympics
Date: 1992
Location: Barcelona, Spain
Participants: 7
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 1 B
Boxers:
1996 Atlanta Olympics
Date: 1996
Location: Atlanta, United States
Participants: 2
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
2000 Sydney Olympics
Date: 2000
Location: Sydney, Australia
Participants: 2
Medal Haul: 1 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
Ian Irwin
Kelvyn Travis
2004 Athens Olympics
Date: 2004
Location: Athens, Greece
Participants: 1
Medal Haul: 0 G, 1 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
Terry Edwards
2008 Beijing Olympics
Date: 2008
Location: Beijing, China
Participants: 8
Medal Haul: 1 G, 0 S, 2 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
Nigel Davies
Terry Edwards
Dave Pocknall
2012 London Olympics
Date: 2012
Location: London, England
Participants: 10
Medal Haul: 3 G, 1 S, 1 B
Boxers:
Coaches:
Dave Alloway
Lee Pullen
Paul Walmsley
2016 Rio Olympics
Date: 2016
Location: Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Participants: 9
Medal Haul:
Boxers:
Coaches:
Dave Alloway
Lee Pullen
Paul Walmsley
World Championships
1974 World Amateur Boxing Championships
Date: 1974
Location: Havana, Cuba
Participants:
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches: 1978 World Amateur Boxing Championships
Date: 1978
Location: Belgrade, Yugoslavia
Participants:
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches: 1982 World Amateur Boxing Championships
Date: 1982
Location: Munich, West Germany
Participants:
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches: 1986 World Amateur Boxing Championships
Date: 1986
Location: Reno, United States
Participants:
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches: 1989 World Amateur Boxing Championships
Date: 1989
Location: Moscow, Soviet Union
Participants:
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
Coaches: 1991 World Amateur Boxing Championships
Date: 1991
Location: Sydney, Australia
Participants:
Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 B
Boxers:
'''Coaches:
1993 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 1993Location: Tampere, FinlandParticipants:Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 BBoxers:Coaches:
1995 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 1995Location: Berlin, GermanyParticipants:Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 BBoxers:Coaches:
1997 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 1997Location: Budapest, HungaryParticipants:Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 BBoxers:Coaches:
1999 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 1999Location: Houston, United StatesParticipants:Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 1 BBoxers:Coaches:
2001 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 2001Location: Belfast, Northern IrelandParticipants:Medal Haul: 0 G, 1 S, 1 BBoxers:Coaches: 2003 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 2003Location: Bangkok, ThailandParticipants:Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 BBoxers:Coaches: 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 2005Location: Mianyang, ChinaParticipants:Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 1 BBoxers:Coaches: 2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 2007Location: Chicago, United StatesParticipants:Medal Haul: 1 G, 0 S, 2 BBoxers:Coaches: 2009 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 2009Location: Milan, ItalyParticipants:Medal Haul: 0 G, 0 S, 0 BBoxers:Coaches: 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 2011Location: Baku, AzerbaijanParticipants: 13Medal Haul: 0 G, 3 S, 1 BBoxers:Coaches: 2013 World Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 2013Location: Almaty, KazakhstanParticipants: 13Medal Haul:Boxers:Coaches: European Championships
2011 European Amateur Boxing Championships Date: 2011Location: Ankara, TurkeyParticipants:Medal Haul:Boxers:Coaches: British Lionhearts
The British Lionhearts represent Great Britain in the World Series of Boxing.
Founded in 2012, the Lionhearts competed in the 2012–13 season of WSB, reaching the quarter-finals where they were defeated by Mexico Guerreros. However, they didn't enter in the following season.
Current squadMen:49 kg Galal Yafai
52 kg Will Cawley
52 kg Kiaran MacDonald
56 kg Niall Farrell
56 kg Peter McGrail
60 kg Calum French
64 kg Luke McCormack
64 kg Mickey McDonagh
69 kg Pat McCormack
69 kg Cyrus Pattinson
69 kg Harris Akbar
75 kg Mark Dickinson
81 kg Sammy Lee
91 kg Cheavon Clarke
91 kg Lewis Williams
91 kg Scott Forrest
91+kg Solomon Dacres
91+kg Frazer ClarkeWomen:'''
52 kg Ebonie Jones
60 kg Paige Murney
60 kg Sandy Ryan
64 kg Rosie Eccles
75 kg Natasha Gale
75 kg Lauren Price
Boxing in the United Kingdom
Sports organisations of the United Kingdom
Skanderbeg was an Albanian military unit assigned to the 14th Italian Army Corp, composed of Albanian soldiers recruited in Albania during the Second World War. This unit participated in the Italian counteroffensive against insurgents in Montenegro, during the Uprising in Montenegro in 1941. Skanderbeg was composed of four battalions and had the strength of one division or two regiments.
Uprising in Montenegro
During the Italian offensive this military unit operated on the territory between Skadar Lake, Bar and Ulcinj. On 15 July 1941, two days after the outbreak of the uprising, the supreme command of Italian forces in Albania decided to support Italian forces in Montenegro by moving Skanderbeg to Ulcinj. On 17 July Biroli ordered Skanderbeg to seize area on the border between Albania and Montenegro, without crossing it. On 22 July Skanderbeg participated in cleansing action in Mikulići, near Bar.
The first military engagement of this unit was on 4 August 1941 in the area assigned to Division Venezia. Skanderbeg was engaged as vanguard of Italian divisions.
After the suppression of the uprising, Skanderbeg was assigned to 9th Army, together with several military units that initially belonged to the 14th army corps.
References
Military units and formations of World War II
Collaboration during World War II
Albania in World War II
Montenegro in World War II
Military units and formations established in 1941
The 1992 Lao League was the third recorded season of top flight football in Laos. Lao Army FC won the championship, their third consecutive championship.
References
Lao Premier League seasons
Laos
Laos
1
Mount Rendu () is a mountain between Reid Glacier and Heim Glacier on Arrowsmith Peninsula in Graham Land. Mapped by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) from surveys and air photos, 1948–59. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Louis Rendu (1789–1859), French Bishop and scientist, author of Theorie des glaciers de la Savoie, an important book on the mechanism of glacier flow.
Bauer Buttress is a projecting rock buttress on the northeast side of Mount Rendu. It was named by UK-APC following geological work by the British Antarctic Survey, 1980–81, after Albert Bauer, French engineer and glaciologist.
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Loubet Coast
Vereyken Glacier () is a glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica. Together with the Morning Glacier, it drains the northeast slopes of Mount Morning. Vereyken Glacier flows north between Riviera Ridge and Hurricane Ridge into Koettlitz Glacier. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (1994) after Jill Vereyken, ASA manager of Field Support Services at McMurdo Station, who was active in coordination and planning of science support in Antarctica from 1984.
Glaciers of Scott Coast
Łukasz Rajchelt (born 12 February 1999) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national under-19 volleyball team, U20 European Champion 2016.
Career
National team
On September 10, 2016 he achieved title of the 2016 CEV U20 European Champion after winning 7 of 7 matches in tournament and beating Ukraine U21 in the finale (3-1).
Sporting achievements
National team
2016 CEV U20 European Championship
References
External links
SMS PZPS Spała player profile
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Łódź
Polish men's volleyball players
Et Fugit Intera Fugit Irreparabile Tempus is the debut album by the experimental black metal band Spektr. This album is often mistakenly titled "No Longer Human Senses", which is actually the album's subtitle.
Track listing
"No Longer Human Senses" — 9:03
"Post Fatalism" — 04:18
"Reveal the Four Seals" — 05:07
"Nothing's Been Worth Saving (The Procession)" — 05:41
"A Return to the Flesh" — 05:37
"Wizened Hand" — 08:14
"...With Only One Eye" — 02:06
"Confusion / The Persistence" (Ending Contakt) — 06:48
Musicians
kl.K. (aka Krig) — drums, vocals, samples, programming
Hth — guitars, bass, vocals, samples, programming
External links
Metal Archives
2004 debut albums
Spektr (band) albums
Vučak is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 229 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Dr. Zitbag's Transylvania Pet Shop (known as Dr. Globule in France) is a 1994-1997 animated television series created by Tony Barnes and produced by Philippe Mounier PMMP and Fairwater Films and distributed in the UK by The Sleepy Kids Company Ltd (who also produced Potsworth & Co. and Budgie the Little Helicopter) which was later changed to SKD Media and Entertainment Rights and then dissolved into Classic Media (now DreamWorks Classics) and by PMMP and TF1 Intl in the rest of the world. 65 episodes were produced.
The show originally aired on TF1 and it was later dubbed for English audiences as well; even the show's title got a name change. It aired in the United Kingdom on ITV; starting 13 June 1994 and finishing 21 August 1997, the show ran for four series. Music for the series was composed by Danny Chang and Tony Barnes.
A comic strip version of the show was included in Buster magazine from September 1994 to November 1996. The series was later repeated on Nickelodeon in the early 2000s until 2004, and had sporadic reruns on ordinary TV from 1999 until 2001 (it was put on hiatus in 2002).
It was also aired on cable television in Australia first airing on Nickelodeon and later on Cartoon Network.
Plot summary
Dr. Zitbag was a Pet Shop worker who wasn't very good at selling any pets at all and because of this he was fired from the local Transylvanian Pet Shop. So he decides to set up his own Pet Shop at an old Haunted Castle and finds out that he will have to share the place with a skeleton dog, Horrifido. With Horrifido now helping him out, the doctor begins use with his inventions to create Horrific Pets to gain his profit.
Characters
Dr. Sidney Zitbag (voiced by Christian Rodska) - The main character of the show, he is a mad scientist type of character who wants to become the world's best pet shop owner. After being fired from the only town pet shop he goes on to buy an old castle from the Exorsisters and sets up his own pet shop creating new and weird pets in his laboratory, but his plans don't always work and certain mishaps do tend to happen.
Horrifido (voiced by Max Andre) - Horrifido, or Fido as he was known in life, was the pet dog of the former owner of the old castle (Capt. Charles de Ghoul) where Dr. Zitbag sets up his pet shop. Initially haunting the castle as a ghost, the doctor inadvertently uncovers the dog's old bones and the ghoul reanimates them, giving him a physical form. Horrifido is thus a skeleton dog with green bat winged like ears, who becomes Dr. Zitbag's assistant. Sometimes Horrifido is seen wearing a pink bow collar around his neck.
The Exorsisters (voiced by Nicolette McKenzie) - The Exorsisters are Dr. Zitbag's neighbours. Both ladies are twins resembling the bride of Frankenstein. Every so often, Dr. Zitbag always tries to impress them both, but the two often argue with each other. Sinista, the sister with purple streaks in her hair, often dismisses Dr. Zitbag, whereas Bimbella, the sister with white streaks in her hair, is more willing to give him a chance.
Zombunny - Zombunny appears to be a zombified rabbit who never seems to move. Most of the time, he is seen with Dr. Zitbag and Horrifido, as Dr. Zitbag would use Zombunny as part of his experiments. Zitbag would often throw him aside while saying a cursory "Excuse me, Zombunny".
Officer Deadbeat (voiced by Kerry Shale) - Officer Deadbeat is the local police officer of Transylvania and Zitbag's antagonist. He appears to have no neck and so his head is floating at where his would be necked should be. He has a personal grudge against Dr. Zitbag, believing that the doctor is a con-artist. If he ever arrests the doctor for good, his ultimate goal is to claim the old Haunted House as a new police station, as the one he has got is very small and he often bumps his head off.
Professor Sherman Vermin (voiced by ?) - Zitbag's rival. Sinistra and Bimbella sometimes call him to help them, eventually making Dr. Zitbag jealous.
List of episodes
Twelve of a total of 65 episodes were released on video. It is currently unknown if the rest of the series will ever be found.
Series One
Welcome To The Transylvania Pet Shop - first aired: 13/06/1994 (the obvious pilot episode of the show)
Grime Does Not Pay - first aired: 20/06/1994
Food Glorious Pet Food - first aired: 27/06/1994
Bringing Up Horribaby - first aired: 04/07/1994
Every Dog Has Its Show - first aired: 11/07/1994
Ants In Your Pants - first aired: 18/07/1994
Bungle in the Jungle - first aired: 25/07/1994
Pirate Parrot - first aired: 01/08/1994
Double Trouble - first aired: 08/08/1994
Halloween Horse Race - first aired: 15/08/1994
Where Mouse? - first aired: 22/08/1994
Gorilla Thriller - first aired: 05/09/1994 (most sources say 'Double Trouble' and 'Halloween Horse Race' are the last two episodes, but the last two episodes in series one are actually 'Where Mouse?' and 'Gorilla Thriller') [though these are only the last two episodes in series one; not the last two episodes of the whole show]
Triassic Lark - first aired: 12/09/1994 - The children were demanding dinosaurs for pets, which caused Dr. Zitbag and Horrifido to construct a time machine in order to travel to prehistoric times so to capture some baby dinosaurs. After minor setbacks such as travelling to before creation and the future, they have arrived, unbeknownst that Officer Deadbeat had snuck on board and had his hijinks with a cavewoman.
Series Two
Inspector Spector - first aired: 09/06/1995
Pyramid Pandemonium - first aired: 16/06/1995
Hooray for Horrywood - first aired: 25/08/1995
Series Three
Don't Hoot I'm Only the Piano Slayer - first aired: 11/06/1996
Series Four
A True Fairy Tale - first aired: 29/05/1997
What's Up Doc? - first aired: 07/08/1997
Dances the Hula - first aired: 21/08/1997
Transylvania Pet Shop is currently one of the most requested unreleased DVDs at TVShowsOnDVD.com.
Season 1 is currently available for download (In English) from Amazon UK.
In other languages
References
External links
Retro Junk
PMMP Philppe Mounier Marketing Production
British children's animated comedy television series
British children's animated horror television series
1994 British television series debuts
1997 British television series endings
1990s British children's television series
Carlton Television
DreamWorks Classics
Television series by Universal Television
ITV children's television shows
Nickelodeon original programming
Television series by ITV Studios
English-language television shows
1990s British animated television series
Nakhangal () is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by A. Vincent and produced by Hari Pothan. It is based on the novel of the same name by Vaikom Chandrasekharan Nair. The film stars Madhu, Jayabharathi, K. R. Vijaya and Kaviyoor Ponnamma. It was released on 8 September 1973.
Plot
Cast
Madhu as Sankarankutty
Jayabharathi as Gomu
K. R. Vijaya as Saraswathy Mathew
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Kaakkachi
KPAC Lalitha as Maya
Adoor Bhasi as Jose
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Judge
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai as Paili
Sankaradi
T. R. Omana as Pankiyamma
Raghavan as Yesudas
T. S. Muthaiah as Muthappan
Bahadoor as Pappukkutty
K. P. Ummer
Meena as Annamma
Paravoor Bharathan as John Sebastian
Radhamani
S. P. Pillai as Pappunni
Veeran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1973 films
Films based on Indian novels
Films directed by A. Vincent
Brigadier Ronald Gervase Mountain (16 January 1897 – 1983) was an officer in the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II.
Biography
Mountain was born in Caistor, Lincolnshire on 16 January 1897.
He attended Quetta Cadet College in India and was commissioned a Second Lieutenant on the Unattached List for the Indian Army on 15 November 1915. He was appointed to the Indian Army 17 November 1915.
He was initially posted to the 127th Queen Mary's Own Baluch Light Infantry but by 1916 he was attached to 2nd battalion 124th Duchess of Connaught's Own Baluchistan Infantry. He was promoted Lieutenant 15 November 1916.
He served in Mesopotamia between 28 August 1916 and 21 May 1918 and won the Military Cross.
He was promoted Acting Captain 11 September to 17 October 1917 and 28 November 1917 to 12 January 1918.
He was then attached to 3rd battalion, 153rd Rifles in Palestine and served there from 5 June to 21 October 1918.
He was posted to the 130th King George's Own Baluchis on 9 March 1919, and promoted Captain 15 November 1919. After 1922 the 130th King George's Own Baluchis were renamed the 5th battalion, 10th Baluch regiment.
He saw much action on the North West Frontier, firstly in Waziristan 1921–24, then the North West Frontier operations of 1930.
He was appointed a Company Commander on 30 August 1931 and promoted Major 15 November 1933.
He saw action during the Mohmand operations of 1933 and was Mentioned in Despatches and awarded the DSO. He was again in action during the North West Frontier operations of 1936–37.
He was promoted Lieut-Colonel and commanding officer of the 10th battalion, 10th Baluch regiment 17 July 1938, a position he held until January 1941.
He was promoted Acting Brigadier 1 February 1941 and appointed to command the 25th Indian Brigade of the newly raised Indian 10th Infantry Division
As part of Iraqforce, he commanded the brigade attached to Indian 10th Infantry Division during the Anglo-Iraqi War and the Syria-Lebanon campaign.
As part of Paiforce, he commanded the 25th Indian Brigade attached to the Indian 8th Infantry Division during the Anglo-Soviet invasion of Persia.
When the Indian 10th Infantry Division was moved to North Africa in June 1942 he commanded the 25th Indian Brigade stationed at Gambut, halfway between Halfaya and Tobruk. They then retreated to Mersa Matruh where on 26 June they turned to fight. They were bypassed by the enemy and on 28 June the division was ordered to break out. Soon after Brigadier Mountain was taken prisoner of war.
He was first interned in Italy then in 1943 was transferred to Germany.
He was promoted Colonel on 1 June 1945 with seniority from 17 July 1941.
He was Mentioned in Despatches in recognition of gallant and distinguished services as a Prisoner of War in January 1946.
He retired a Colonel and honorary Brigadier on 6 July 1947.
Command history
1938–1941: Commanding Officer, 10th battalion, 10th Baluch regiment
1941–1942: Commanding Officer, 25th Indian Brigade
See also
Iraqforce
References
1897 births
1983 deaths
Indian Army personnel of World War II
British Indian Army officers
People from Caistor
Baloch Regiment officers
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
Works
Aphra Behn – Poetical Remains
Johns Hopkins
The Triumphs of Peace, or the Glories of Nassau … written at the time of his Grace the Duke of Ormond's entrance into Dublin
The Victory of Death; or the Fall of Beauty
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 3 – Metastasio, born Pietro Antonio Domenico Trapassi (died 1782), Italian poet and opera librettist
January 10? – Richard Savage (died 1743), English poet
March 22 – John Ellis (died 1791), English scrivener and poet
May 8 – Henry Baker (died 1774), English naturalist, poet and sign-language developer
July 19 – Johann Jakob Bodmer (died 1783), German-language Swiss, author, critic, academic and poet
Approximate date – Alasdair mac Mhaighstir Alasdair (died 1770), Scottish Gaelic poet
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January – Dáibhí Ó Bruadair (born 1625), Irish language poet
February 28 – Nicolò Minato (born 1627), Italian poet, librettist and impresario
September 3 – Sir Robert Howard (born 1626), English playwright, poet and brother-in-law of John Dryden
See also
List of years in poetry
List of years in literature
17th century in poetry
17th century in literature
Poetry
Notes
External links
"A Timeline of Poetry in English" at the Representative Poetry Online website of the University of Toronto
17th-century poetry
Poetry
A Polish passport () is an international travel document issued to nationals of Poland, and may also serve as proof of Polish citizenship. Besides enabling the bearer to travel internationally and serving as indication of Polish citizenship, the passport facilitates the process of securing assistance from Polish consular officials abroad or other European Union member states in case a Polish consular is absent, if needed.
Every Polish citizen is also a citizen of the European Union. The passport, along with the national identity card allows for free rights of movement and residence in any of the states of the European Union, European Economic Area and Switzerland.
Issuance and validity
The passports are issued by the Ministry of the Interior and applications are filed at voivodeship offices which have a passport office. Passports issued since mid-2006 are of a biometric variety, and valid for ten years. The blue cover passports issued up until 2001 and burgundy-cover passports (issued up until 2006) remain valid until their stated expiry dates, however their lack of biometric features inherently means that they have slightly different visa restrictions for travel abroad as they are considered to have insufficient security features by some nations, such as Canada (allows visa-free access only for Polish citizens in possession of a biometric passport).
Full Polish passports are issued for a period of ten years, whilst those issued to minors are valid up to an initial maximum of five years.
Holders of passports issued before 13 April 1993 who seek to renew their passports require the additional document "Confirmation of Polish Citizenship" issued by their local provincial authority.
Temporary passports are issued for a period of one year.
Previous passport designs
Second Polish Republic
The Polish passport from today is much different from those that appeared after World War I, following the creation of the Second Polish Republic. The first such passports began to appear around 1918 and were of simple paper, design and quality. These lasted until around 1929 when hard covered blue-jacket passports were designed and printed on good quality watermarked paper. These blue passports were used through World War II and were continued to be issued to Polish refugees after the war from Polish consulates in foreign countries until at least 1947.
Communist era
During the communist Polish People's Republic (PRL) era, another design was adopted around 1952 consisting of the Polish, French and Russian languages. In addition during this period, the crown of the Polish white eagle was absent from the emblem on the passport cover. Until October 1956, in practice, it was only possible to obtain a passport for a business trip. Regarding the passport application, issued only by a Biuro Paszportów (pl) under the Ministry of Public Security, you had to obtain 12 hard to get attachments. The effect of the rigorous passport policy was the practical disappearance of tourist travel from Poland: in 1938 citizens leaving the country for tourist purposes numbered approximately 90 thousand; there were only 181 such people in 1950, not counting party, union and industry delegations, mainly to socialist countries.
After 1956, trips abroad became easier; travel agencies such as Orbis were created to organise trips (80% of which was to the countries of "folk democracy"), and on the Polish-Czechoslovak border a tourist convention began to apply, facilitating movement in the mountains. However, an individual trip was still legeally possible only by invitation. At that time, there were two types of passports: individual and collective. In the case of people travelling on collective passports, a special tour guide was available. Before each trip, you had to complete the application and go to a Biuro Paszportów attached to a local command of the Milicja Obywatelska. Upon arrival, the passport had to be returned to the same place.
Later (until 1972) the so-called "passport inserts" enabled travel to European Eastern Bloc countries, which had to be attached to the PRL internal passport. Initially, they were single use; with time they began to be spent on multiple trips, generally from 1973 with a validity of five years. From 1972, thanks to an agreement with East Germany, it was possible to go to the latter country only on the basis of a stamp embedded in the ID card issued by any Milicja Obywatelska command. This resulted in a massive increase in trips to this country from 200,000 in 1971 to 9.5 million a year later. In January 1977, similar regulations were in force for trips to Bulgaria, Czechoslovak, Romania, the USSR and Hungary. During martial law era (1981–1983), the stamps expired and were replaced by new passports with a five-year validity period.
From 1984, Polish citizens were allowed to keep their own passports. It was not until December 1988 that long-term passports with 10 years validity and valid for all countries were introduced.
Third Polish Republic
After the fall of communism in Poland, the first post-communist passport design was introduced on 1 January 1992, featuring a navy blue cover. This was later followed with a burgundy-cover machine-readable passport design in 2001, which was issued until 2006.
Physical appearance and data contained
The Polish passports issued since 2006 are burgundy, with the words (EUROPEAN UNION) and (REPUBLIC OF POLAND) inscribed at the top of the front cover. The Polish white eagle is emblazoned in the centre of the cover, and below this the words , "PASSPORT" are to be found. The Polish passport has the standard biometric symbol emblazoned below the final set of text denoting the document as a passport, and uses the standard European Union design. Diplomatic passports are also burgundy in colour and of essentially the same design, but the French, English and Polish translations of the word 'passport' are replaced with those for 'diplomatic passport'; , "DIPLOMATIC PASSPORT".
Temporary passports have the words , "TEMPORARY PASSPORT" on the front cover and contain 16 pages. They do not bear the biometric passport logo.
The statement in a Polish passport declares in Polish and English:
THE AUTHORITIES OF THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND HEREBY KINDLY REQUEST ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN TO PROVIDE THE BEARER OF THIS PASSPORT WITH ALL ASSISTANCE THAT MAY BE DEEMED NECESSARY WHILE ABROAD.
The Polish statement for which is:
WŁADZE RZECZYPOSPOLITEJ POLSKIEJ ZWRACAJĄ SIĘ Z UPRZEJMĄ PROŚBĄ DO WSZYSTKICH, KTÓRYCH MOŻE TO DOTYCZYĆ, O OKAZANIE POSIADACZOWI TEGO PASZPORTU WSZELKIEJ POMOCY, JAKA MOŻE OKAZAĆ SIĘ NIEZBĘDNA W CZASIE POBYTU ZA GRANICĄ.
Biometric data
The biometric passports contain an RFID chip containing the passport's printed data in a digital format along with the photograph in a JPEG format along with a digital key to verify that the data contained is authentic and has not been tampered with. The data in the chip can only be accessed after using the printed codes on the lower part of the passport's personal data page. The European Union requires fingerprint data to be stored on the member state's passports at latest in June 2009. Poland already complies with this European act on collecting identity data, and, since 2006, requires passport applicants to provide fingerprint scans and other information relating to facial features when applying for a new passport.
Languages
The data page/information page is printed in Polish and English, whilst translation of this information into other official languages of the European Union can be found elsewhere in the document. The passport also contains two pages reserved for official notifications which are typically only recorded in Polish.
Visa free travel
Visa requirements for Polish citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Poland. Polish citizens enjoy freedom of movement in the European Economic Area and can travel around the EEA as of right. As of January 2022, Polish citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 182 countries and territories, ranking the Polish passport 10th in the world terms of travel freedom according to the Henley Passport Index (tied with Lithuanian and Slovak passports). Polish citizens can live and work in any country within the EU, EEA and Switzerland as a result of the right of free movement and residence granted in Article 21 of the EU Treaty.
Gallery of Polish passports
See also
Polish nationality law
List of passports
Visa requirements for Polish citizens
Passports of the European Union
References
Poland
European Union passports
Identity documents of Poland
The 2021 Atlantic 10 Conference women's soccer tournament was the postseason women's soccer tournament for the Atlantic 10 Conference held from October 30 through November 7, 2021. The quarterfinals of the tournament were held at campus sites, while the semifinals and final took place at Baujan Field in Dayton, Ohio. The eight-team single-elimination tournament consisted of three rounds based on seeding from regular season conference play. The defending tournament champions were the Saint Louis Billikens, who successfully defended their championship as the third seed, defeating fourth seed UMass in the final. This was the Billikens' sixth overall tournament title, and coach Katie Shields' fourth title. Shields and Saint Louis have won four straight Atlantic 10 Tournaments in a row. As tournament champions, Saint Louis earned the Atlantic 10's automatic berth into the 2021 NCAA Division I Women's Soccer Tournament.
Bracket
Source:
Schedule
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Statistics
Goalscorers
All Tournament Team
Source:
MVP in bold
References
Atlantic 10 Conference Women's Soccer Tournament
Glinica (, often Glince, or Gleinitz bei Draule) is a former settlement in central Slovenia in the northwest part of the capital Ljubljana. It belongs to the Dravlje District of the City Municipality of Ljubljana. It is part of the traditional region of Upper Carniola and is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
Geography
Glinica is a scattered settlement mostly along the left bank of Glinščica Creek and the road from Šentvid to Dobrova. Nearby elevations include Black Peak (, 483 m) to the north and Planjava Hill and Krasje Hill to the west. The soil in the valley is loamy, becoming sandy and stony at higher elevations. The Big Brezar Shaft () and Little Brezar Shaft () lie above the village. Water is supplied to Ljubljana from Glinica via Šentvid.
Name
Glinica was attested in historical sources as Gleynicz in 1368, Sandt Anthoni in 1421, and Glinitz in 1498, among other spellings. The name Glinica is derived from the Slavic common noun *glinьnica 'clay pit', based on the word glina 'clay'. It therefore refers to the local geography. The local name Glince (originally an accusative plural) is also used for the settlement. The settlement was known as Gleinitz or Gleinitz bei Draule in German in the past.
History
Archaeological finds indicate that Glinica was settled in antiquity. After the Second World War, the Big Brezar Shaft above the village was used to dispose of 800 bodies (Slovene and Croatian prisoners of war, and male and female civilians) of people murdered at the end of May 1945. The corpses were later disinterred and moved to the Kucja Valley in June 1945. Glinica was annexed by the city of Ljubljana in 1974, ending its existence as an independent settlement.
The population of Glinica remained steady for much of the 20th century, with a population of 143 people living in 23 houses in the 1900 census, 136 people in 22 houses in 1931, and 137 people in 32 houses in 1961.
Church
The local church in Glinica is a chapel of ease dedicated to Saint Anthony. It was mentioned in written sources as early as 1526. The side altar and pulpit date from circa 1860. The Stations of the Cross in the church are 19th-century paintings on glass.
Glinica Manor
Southwest of the village core of Glinica are the remnants of Glinica Manor (). Investigations at the site in 2007 yielded building material, pottery, and other small finds from a manor that was built in the 18th century and fell into ruin between the two world wars. An older manor was mentioned at the site in 1378.
References
External links
Glinica on Geopedia
Localities of Ljubljana
Dravlje District
Marikozhundhu () is a 1991 Tamil-language drama film directed by Pudhiyavan, an erstwhile assistant of Bharathiraja. The film stars Ramesh Aravind and Aishwarya, with Manorama, Vinu Chakravarthy, Nassar, Goundamani and Senthil playing supporting roles. The film, produced by P. Mahendar and T. M. N. Karunanidhi, had musical score by Deva and was released on 3 May 1991.
Plot
The film starts with the modern girl Chithra (Aishwarya) and her father Seenu (Ramesh Aravind) getting off the train in a small village called Marikozhundhupatti. The villagers receive them with a lot of respect because of her late mother Marikozhundhu (also Aishwarya), Chithra is surprised by the welcome. Chithra's father finally tells what happened in the past.
Marikozhundhu lived a precarious life with her grandmother (Radha Bhai). Marikozhundhu was a kind-hearted person but she was not a good-looking woman, her dream was to get married as soon as possible. Seenu was a college student who lived with his mother (Manorama) in the city, for the holiday he always went to his father's (Vinu Chakravarthy) village. There, Seenu was intrigued by the stubborn Marikozhundhu and he smiled each time he saw her, Marikozhundhu thought he loved her. Afterwards, the two had a sexual intercourse in the fields. At the village court, the elders arranged their marriage the next day. The day of the marriage, Marikozhundhu realized that Seenu seemed to dislike her and stopped the marriage. Seenu was in fact in love with his childhood sweetheart Uma. Seenu's father wanted his son to marry Uma, but his mother wanted her son to marry Marikozhundhu. Shortly after, Marikozhundhu became pregnant and her grandmother died.
One year later, Marikozhundhu gave birth to a baby girl. Seenu's father begged her to leave the village so that his son could marry Uma without any remorse. Marikozhundhu and her baby girl left the village, she then listened that the local factory owner had dumped toxic mercury waste from his factory into the village water. The village was close to celebrate a water ceremony, so Marikozhundhu tried to stop it but nobody believed her. Marikozhundhu had no choice than to drink the contaminated water thus she died. Seenu tied the thaali around her neck (synonym of marriage) just before she died.
Chithra breaks into tears after hearing the flashback, and she feels very proud of her late mother.
Cast
Ramesh Aravind as Seenu
Aishwarya as Marikozhundhu and Chithra
Manorama as Seenu's mother
Vinu Chakravarthy as Seenu's father
Nassar
Goundamani as a building constructor
Senthil as the building constructor's assistant
Radhabhai as Marikozhundhu's grandmother
Anjana as Uma
M. R. Krishnamurthy as Kanakku Pillai
Bhavani as Ezhuthu
Vasu as Munusamy
Joker Thulasi
Gnanavel as Nattamai
V. P. Rajan
Poornima
Shobana
Supraja
Naveena
Vijay Ganesh
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Deva. The soundtrack, released in 1991, features nine tracks with lyrics written by Vaali and Kamakodiyan.
References
1991 films
Films scored by Deva (composer)
1990s Tamil-language films
Indian drama films
Eudigonidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have 30 or 32 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last).
Genera:
Ancudia Shear, 1988
Eudigona Silvestri, 1903
References
Chordeumatida
Endemic fauna of Chile
The Chrysalis Years: 1973–1979 is a compilation album by the band UFO which includes 81 tracks, some not previously released. The compilation includes, in their entirety, the albums recorded for the Chrysalis label during said years, including (in order of appearance): Phenomenon (1974), Force It (1975), No Heavy Petting (1976), Lights Out (1977), Obsession (1978), and Strangers in the Night (1979). In addition to these albums, the compilation also includes a previously unreleased live set recorded at Alex Cooley's Electric Ballroom in Atlanta, GA, several singles and B-sides which had not previously been released in CD format, and tracks recorded with BBC DJs Bob Harris and John Peel but not included on the original album releases. Arguably, this period during the 1970s is the zenith of the band's creativity, and The Chrysalis Years: 1973–1979 is an attractive collection likely to contain all the recordings by the band one might desire excepting for the most devout UFO fans.
Track listing
Disc 1
1973 Single
"Give Her the Gun" [single] (Michael Schenker, Phil Mogg) – 3:59
"Sweet Little Thing" [B-side single] (Pete Way, Mogg) – 3:50
Phenomenon (1974)
(track 11 previously unreleased on CD)
"Oh My" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Andy Parker) – 2:25
"Crystal Light" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:47
"Doctor Doctor" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:12
"Space Child" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:01
"Rock Bottom" (Schenker, Mogg) – 6:29
"Too Young to Know" (Way, Mogg) – 3:09
"Time on My Hands" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:12
"Built for Comfort" (Dixon) – 3:08
"Lipstick Traces" (Schenker) – 2:21
"Queen of the Deep" (Schenker, Mogg) – 5:44
"Doctor Doctor" [bonus track / single] (Schenker, Mogg) – 2:51
Bob Harris recording session, 28 October 1974
"Rock Bottom" (Schenker, Mogg) – 7:08
"Time on My Hands" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:14
"Give Her the Gun" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:10
Disc 2
Live at the Electric Ballroom, Atlanta, GA (5 November 1974)
(tracks 1–8 previously unreleased)
"Oh My" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 3:39
"Doctor Doctor" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:05
"Built for Comfort" (Dixon) – 4:23
"Give Her the Gun" (Schenker, Mogg) – 5:17
"Cold Turkey" (Lennon) – 8:36
"Space Child" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:32
"Rock Bottom" (Schenker, Mogg) – 8:13
"Prince Kajuku" (Mogg, Way, Parker, Mick Bolton, Wallis) – 7:19
''Force It (1975)"Let It Roll" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:56
"Shoot Shoot" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 3:40
"High Flyer" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:08
"Love Lost Love" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:21
"Out in the Street" (Mogg, Way) – 5:14
Disc 3Force It (1975) (continued)
"Mother Mary" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 3:50
"Too Much of Nothing" (Way) – 4:02
"Dance Your Life Away" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:35
"This Kid's" [including Between the Walls] (Schenker, Mogg) – 6:15No Heavy Petting (1976)"Natural Thing" (Schenker, Mogg, Way) – 4:00
"I'm a Loser" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:55
"Can You Roll Her" (Mogg, Parker, Peyronel) – 2:59
"Belladonna" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:32
"Reasons Love" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:17
"Highway Lady" (Peyronel) – 3:49
"On with the Action" (Schenker, Mogg, Peyronel) – 5:03
"A Fool in Love" (Miller, Fraser) – 2:50
"Martian Landscape" (Schenker, Mogg, Peyronel) – 5:08Lights Out (1977)"Too Hot to Handle" (Mogg, Way) – 3:37
"Just Another Suicide" (Mogg) – 4:58
"Try Me" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:49
"Lights Out" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 4:30
Disc 4Lights Out (1977) (continued)
(track 5 previously unreleased on CD)
"Gettin' Ready" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:47
"Alone Again Or" (MacLean) – 3:00
"Electric Phase" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:17
"Love to Love" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 7:40
"Try Me [bonus track / single remix]" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 3:29John Peel recording session, 27 June 1977"Too Hot to Handle" (Mogg, Way) – 3:50
"Lights Out" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 4:57
"Try Me" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:46Obsession (1978)(track 12 previously unreleased on CD)
"Only You Can Rock Me" (Mogg, Way) – 4:07
"Pack It Up (And Go)" (Schenker, Mogg, Way) – 3:14
"Arbory Hill" (Schenker) – 1:11
"Ain't No Baby" (Mogg, Way) – 3:57
"Lookin' Out for No. 1" (Mogg, Way) – 4:34
"Hot 'n' Ready" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:15
"Cherry" (Mogg, Way) – 3:34
"You Don't Fool Me" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:23
"Lookin' Out for No. 1 [reprise]" (Mogg, Way) – 1:14
"One More for the Rodeo" (Mogg, Way) – 3:45
"Born to Lose" (Schenker, Mogg, Way) – 3:35
"Only You Can Rock Me [bonus track / single]" (Mogg, Way) – 3:30
Disc 5Strangers in the Night'' (1979)
(track 15 previously unreleased on CD)
"Natural Thing" (Schenker, Mogg, Way) – 3:53
"Out in the Street" (Mogg, Way) – 5:15
"Only You Can Rock Me" (Mogg, Way) – 4:09
"Doctor Doctor" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:42
"Mother Mary" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 3:25
"This Kid's" (Schenker, Mogg) – 5:21
"Love to Love" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 7:48
"Lights Out" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 5:22
"Rock Bottom" (Schenker, Mogg) – 11:15
"Too Hot to Handle" (Mogg, Way) – 4:28
"I'm a Loser" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:14
"Let It Roll" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:48
"Shoot Shoot" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 4:11
"Doctor Doctor [bonus track / Live single]" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:43
"On with the Action [bonus track / Live B-side single]" (Schenker, Mogg, Peyronel) – 4:57
Personnel
Phil Mogg – vocals
Michael Schenker – lead guitar
Pete Way – bass
Andy Parker – drums
Paul Raymond – rhythm guitar, keyboards (disc 3, tracks 14–17; disc 4 & disc 5)
Danny Peyronel—keyboards and vocals (disc 3, tracks 5–13)
Ron Nevison – producer
Leo Lyons – producer
References
UFO (band) albums
2011 albums
Albums produced by Ron Nevison
Albums produced by Leo Lyons
Chrysalis Records albums
RockNess 2011 was the sixth RockNess Festival to take place. It took place on 10–12 June 2011. On 12 October 2010, it was announced that a limited number of early bird tickets, priced at £99 including camping, would be sold from 28 October. All 3000 tickets were sold on the morning of the launch, causing organisers to bring forward a second early bird offer of £135, including weekend camping and bus travel from a number of cities across the United Kingdom. Student and payment plan tickets were also made available.
On 24 November 2010, the festival's first headline act was announced as The Chemical Brothers. Confirmed to headline the Saturday of the festival, organisers revealed the act through the festival's Twitter account. Friday night headliners Kasabian and Sunday night headliner Paolo Nutini were revealed on 25 November and 26 November, respectively, with full priced weekend camping tickets also going on sale.
25 additions were made to the line-up on 24 February 2011, with organiser Jim King revealing that the festival had sold ten times as many tickets as the same point from the previous year. Further announcements took place between March and May. Two new arenas were announced for the 2011 event, including the Sub Club Sound System, and the Rock N Roll Circus. On 19 May 2011, festival organisers announced the Official RockNess Guide. The guide including important festival information, ones to watch lists and stage splits.
Line-up
Still to be announced is the Sound City Stage, a new stage at the festival in partnership with Liverpool Sound City, featuring a further twenty artists and DJs selected through a talent competition. The festival will also feature a comedy tent, headlined by Ian Cognito, Sean Hughes and Daniel Sloss alongside other comedians.
Notes
RockNess
2011 music festivals
June 2011 events in the United Kingdom
2011 in Scotland
2011 in British music
The 2018 UKIP Wales leadership election was a leadership election to determine the UK Independence Party's next leader in the National Assembly for Wales. The election was held from 18 June to 10 August 2018. The approximately 900 members of the party in Wales were eligible to vote in the election.
After the 2016 Welsh Assembly election, Neil Hamilton was elected leader of the UK Independence Party group in the Assembly, replacing Nathan Gill. Hamilton had been supported by four AMs, whilst Gill had been supported by three.
In May 2018, Caroline Jones replaced Hamilton after a majority vote in the then five-strong Assembly group.
In June 2018, national deputy party leader Mike Hookem informed the group that an election would be held for the leadership of the Assembly group.
Gareth Bennett won the UKIP Welsh Assembly leadership election on 10 August 2018. Hamilton remained as Leader of the UK Independence Party in Wales, with Bennett serving as Leader of UKIP in the Welsh Assembly.
Campaign
The party increased the franchise for the election, changing to a twenty-eight-day cutoff instead of the originally planned for a six-month cut-off. This increased the number of eligible voters by about 300 to "just short of 900". The vote had been scheduled to conclude by the end of July, but the count was moved to 10 August following issues printing ballots.
Bennett's two main policy planks were his campaign to abolish the Welsh Assembly itself (he called for a referendum on the issue); and his opposition to the Welsh Government's Welsh language policies.
Results
514 of the party's 876 members voted. Caroline Jones was eliminated in the first round with 130 votes. Gareth Bennett went on to win the second round, with 269 votes to Neil Hamilton's 193.
See also
2018 Welsh Labour Party leadership election
2018 Plaid Cymru leadership election
Next National Assembly for Wales election
References
2018 elections in the United Kingdom
UK Independence Party
2018 in Wales
2010s elections in Wales
Political party leadership elections in Wales
UKIP Wales leadership election
The 2022–23 season is the 53rd season in the existence of FC Utrecht and the club's 53rd consecutive season in the top flight of Dutch football. In addition to the domestic league, FC Utrecht participated in this season's editions of the KNVB Cup.
Players
First-team squad
Transfers
Summer
Transfers in
Transfers out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Eredivisie
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 17 June 2022.
KNVB Cup
Statistics
Goalscorers
Friendlies
Assists
Attendance
Home games
Away supporters
References
External links
FC Utrecht seasons
FC Utrecht
In June 1966, the Army Vietnam Combat Artists Program was established as part of the United States Army Art Program, utilizing teams of soldier-artists to make pictorial records of U.S. Army activities in the course of the Vietnam War for the annals of military history. The concept of the Vietnam Combat Art Program had its roots in World War II when the U.S. Congress authorized the Army to use soldier-artists to record military operations in 1944.
During the Vietnam Era, the U.S. Army Chief of Military History asked Marian McNaughton, then Curator for the Army Art Collection, to develop a plan for a Vietnam soldier art program. The result was the creation in 1966 of the U. S. Army Vietnam Combat Art Program under the direction of the Office of Chief of Military History and McNaughton's office. Her plan included involving the U.S. Army Arts and Crafts Program, then headed by Eugenia Nowlin. McNaughton's office relied on Nowlin and her cadre of local Army Arts and Crafts directors to solicit applications from soldiers, which were forwarded to McNaughton's office at the U.S. Army Center of Military History, where selection and team assignments were made. The U.S. Army provided logistics support as the teams of artists were sent to Vietnam and then to Hawaii.
Artists interested in joining the program were asked to submit applications through the Army Arts and Crafts Program facilities nearest their unit. Applications were to contain samples of drawings, photographs of paintings and a resume. Selections were made by a committee composed of designated representatives from the Office, Chief of Military History and the Adjutant General's Office. Supervised by Army Art Curator Marian McNaughton. The program was the joint responsibility of the Office, Chief of Military History, and the Adjutant General's Office with support from the Office, Chief of information.
History
Nine Combat Artist Teams (CATs) operated in Vietnam. Typically, each team consisted of five soldier artists who spent 60 days of temporary duty (TDY) in Vietnam gathering information and making preliminary sketches of U.S. Army related activities. The teams then transferred to Hawaii for an additional 75 days to finish their work. Artists were given artistic freedom and encouraged to depict subjects in their own individual styles. Art created by soldier artists became a part of the U.S. Army Art Collection maintained by the U.S. Army Center of Military History (CMH), Washington, D.C.
On 17 March 1969, due to the widespread interest shown by soldier artists and the impact of their work throughout the Army, the official name was changed from the VIETNAM COMBAT ART PROGRAM to the ARMY ARTIST PROGRAM. Coverage was expanded to include portraying the U.S. Army worldwide.
U.S. Army soldier artist participants
List of U.S. Army Vietnam Combat Artist Team (CAT) members and supervisors from 15 August 1966 – 14 January 1970. (Cities listed reflect information on original applications which are currently in archives of U.S. Army Center of Military History).
CAT I, 15 Aug - 15 Dec 1966, Roger A. Blum (Stillwell, KS), Robert C. Knight (Newark, NJ), Ronald E. Pepin (East Hartford, CT), Paul Rickert (Philadelphia, PA), Felix R. Sanchez (Fort Madison, IA), John O. Wehrle (Dallas, TX), and supervisor, Frank M. Sherman.
CAT II, 15 Oct 1966 – 15 Feb 1967, Augustine G. Acuna (Monterey, CA), Alexander A. Bogdanovich (Chicago, IL), Theodore E. Drendel (Naperville, IL), David M. Lavender (Houston, TX), Gary W. Porter (El Cajon, CA), and supervisor, Carolyn M. O'Brien.
CAT III, 16 Feb - 17 June 1967, Michael R. Crook (Sierra Madre, CA), Dennis O. McGee (Castro Valley, CA), Robert T. Myers (White Sands Missile Range, NM), Kenneth J. Scowcroft (Manassas, VA), Stephen H. Sheldon (Los Angeles, CA), and supervisor, C. Bruce Smyser.
CAT IV, 15 Aug - 31 Dec 1967, Samuel E. Alexander (Philadelphia, MS), Daniel T. Lopez (Fresno, CA), Burdell Moody (Mesa, AZ), James R. Pollock (Pollock, SD), Ronald A. Wilson (Lakewood, CA), and technical supervisor, Frank M. Thomas.
CAT V, 1 Nov 1967 – 15 March 1968, Warren W. Buchanan (Kansas City, MO), Philip V. Garner (Dearborn, MI), Phillip W. Jones (Greensboro, NC), Don R. Schol (Denton, TX), John R. Strong (Kanehoe, HI), and technical supervisor, Frank M. Thomas.
CAT VI, 1 Feb - 15 June 1968, Robert T. Coleman (Grand Rapids, MI), David N. Fairrington (Oakland, CA), John D. Kurtz IV (Wilmington, DE), Kenneth T. McDaniel (Paris, TN), Michael P. Pala (Bridgeport, CT).
CAT VII, 15 Aug - 31 Dec 1968, Brian H. Clark (Huntington, NY), William E. Flaherty Jr. (Louisville, KY), William C. Harrington (Terre Haute, IN), Barry W. Johnston (Huntsville, AL), Stephen H. Randall (Des Moines, IA), and supervisor, Fitzallen N. Yow.
CAT VIII, 1 Feb - 15 June 1969, Edward J. Bowen (Carona Del Mar, CA), James R. Drake (Colorado Springs, CO), Roman Rakowsky (Cleveland, OH), Victory V. Reynolds (Idaho Falls, ID), Thomas B. Schubert (Chicago, IL), and supervisor, Fred B. Engel.
CAT IX, 1 Sept 1969 - 14 Jan 1970, David E. Graves (Lawrence, KS), James S. Hardy (Coronado, CA), William R. Hoettels (San Antonio, TX), Bruce N. Rigby (Dekalb, IL), Craig L. Stewart (Laurel, MD), and supervisor, Edward C. Williams.
James Pollock, who in 1967 served as a soldier artist on U. S. Army Vietnam Combat Artist Team IV (CAT IV), chronicled his experience in an essay entitled "US Army Soldier-Artists in Vietnam" for "War, Literature & the Arts: An International Journal of the Humanities" published by the department of English and Fine Arts, United States Air Force Academy. In the essay Pollock wrote: "The idea of rotating teams of young soldier-artists from a variety of backgrounds and experiences through Vietnam was innovative. Soldier-artists were encouraged to freely express and interpret their individual experience in their own distinct styles. The artists responded enthusiastically to their artistic , and the resulting products were wide-ranging and comprehensive. Styles and media used were as diverse as the artists themselves, some chose detailed literal images while others preferred expressive almost abstract explosions striving to replicate the horrors of war".
Army artists after Vietnam
During the Vietnam War the army art program also used civilian artists. While the last team of soldier artists in Vietnam was Soldier Art Team 9 (CAT IX) the Army's interest in using artists to depict army activities continued. The 1991 book "Portrait of an Army", published by U. S. Army Center of Military History and edited by General Gordon R. Sullivan and Marylou Gjernes, states "Following the Vietnam War, the Army continued to use both soldier and civilian artists. They have covered such peacetime activities as summer training for Reserve Officers' Training Corps (ROTC) West Point cadets, Army National Guard annual training, and tank gunnery training in Europe. The Army Art Collection has also acquired depictions of the Army's operations in Panama and Operations DESERT SHIELD and DESERT STORM."
In 2003, former Vietnam soldier-artist James Pollock gave a presentation entitled "U. S. Army Vietnam Combat Art Program" about Vietnam Era soldier artists at Mary Pickford Theater, U. S. Library of Congress at which he said: "On January 14, 1970, the members of Vietnam Combat Art Team IX (CAT IX), the last U.S. Army art team to set foot in Vietnam, disbanded. Like members of eight other Army soldier-artist teams before them, they left their sketchbooks and paintings of war-torn Vietnam behind and quietly returned to their respective military units scattered throughout the world or were re-assigned. Talent and chance had brought 46 young soldiers together for a common purpose: To be artists day in and day out for 120 days and to translate their personal Vietnam experiences as soldiers into art. All of the artists were exposed to the inherent dangers of being in a war zone. While visiting units in the fields of Vietnam, they encountered difficult conditions and some had to deal with life-threatening incidents. None were wounded or killed. The post-Vietnam Era destiny of these soldier artists varied as they went on to establish and nurture families and careers. Some continued successfully as artists, some became art teachers, some laid down their paint brushes and found careers outside the field of art. Some have died, and the whereabouts of others is unknown".
Public showings
From September 2010 to March 2011, the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia, PA hosted an exhibit entitled "Art of the American Soldier" featuring more than 300 works from the army art collection, one of the first times that the Army Art from the Army Art Program has been put on display en masse.
In June 2015, South Dakota Public Broadcasting interviewed combat artist James Pollock about his experiences in the Vietnam Combat Art Program.
In September 2017, South Dakota Public Broadcasting produced a video about the Vietnam Combat Artists Program entitled "The Art of War" as part of their SD Vietnam Stories project produced to accompany the broadcast of Ken Burns' "The Vietnam War" series.
See also
United States Army Art Program
United States Air Force Art Program
American official war artists
Art Gallery (All Images Courtesy of the National Museum of the U.S. Army)
CAT I 15 August to 15 December 1966
CAT II 15 October 1966 to 15 February 1967
CAT III 16 February 1967 to 17 June 1967
CAT IV 15 August to 31 December 1967
CAT V 1 November 1967 to 15 March 1968
CAT VI 1 February 1968 to 15 June 1968
CAT VII 15 August 1968 to 31 December 1968
CAT VIII 1 February 1969 to 15 June 1969
CAT IX 1 September 1969 to 14 January 1970
References
External links
Artwork from the Art Program at the United States Army Center of Military History webpage
Humanities Magazine September/October 2011: Volume 32, Number 5
About light and dark in peace and war and a piece of Vietnam by Lance Nixon, Capital Journal (South Dakota), 17 January 2014.
Drawing fire by Lance Nixon, Capital Journal (South Dakota), 23 January 2014.
A photograph of a war is different from a painting “that's not rocket science” by Dave Askins, Capital Journal (South Dakota), 20 April 2018.
Combat artists shareware experiences by Kerri Lawrence, National Archives News, 9 April 2018
National Aarchives Facebook Combat Art Panel
US Army Soldier-Artists in Vietnam (CAT IV, 15 August to 31 December, 1967) by James Pollock, War, Literature & the Arts: An International Journal of the Humanities, free downloadable PDF South Dakota State University Open PRAIRIE repository/2009 Volume 21
SDPB Radio Interview MIDDAY Karl Gehrke interviews James Pollock, 10 June 2015.
United States Army projects
Works about Vietnam
Vietnam War
War art
Arts organizations based in the United States
The Touch () is a 1971 romantic drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Max von Sydow, Bibi Andersson, Elliott Gould, and Sheila Reid. The film tells the story of an affair between a married woman and an impetuous foreigner. It contains references to the Virgin Mary and the Holocaust.
Produced by ABC Pictures, The Touch was Bergman's first English-language film, but shot on the island of Gotland in Sweden in 1970. Cinematographer Sven Nykvist shot it in Eastmancolor. Gould, cast over Paul Newman and Robert Redford, believed Bergman's screenplay was semi-autobiographical.
The film received mixed to negative reviews and was a box office bomb. It has since had a limited rerelease by the Film Society of Lincoln Center in 2011 and a home media release by The Criterion Collection in 2018.
Plot
In a small town in Sweden, Karin is a housewife, married to a hospital physician named Andreas and bringing up their two children. Visiting the clinic where her mother is ill, she finds her dead and, overcome with sorrow, is seen by David, an American archaeologist. The couple ask David to dinner at their house and he tells them about his work at a medieval church, where a 500-year-old wooden statue of the Virgin Mary has been uncovered. He also tells Karin that he fell in love with her the day he saw her at the clinic.
Karin visits David in his apartment and agrees to have sex with him. She tells him this is her first affair and that she is uncertain if she is in love with him, but it is significant for her. As the affair continues, David's moods always prevail and he is frequently distant, overbearing, and angry. When she shows up under the influence of alcohol, and having failed to quit smoking as they agreed, he slaps her. Later he shares his family history with her, telling her many of his relatives were murdered in Nazi concentration camps during World War II.
Eventually, Andreas visits David, revealing he has been receiving anonymous poison pen letters telling him David is having an affair with Karin. David dismisses the visit as absurd, and argues when Andreas reminds him that he had cared for David after an attempted suicide. In the church, David shows Karin the restored statue of Mary, telling her that it is being consumed from inside by a previously unknown species of insect. He then leaves for London, and Karin tells Andreas she feels she must go to find out why he left her. Andreas sternly tells her that if she leaves, she cannot return to their marriage, but she departs anyway.
Going to David's address in London, Karin finds a woman with congenital health problems named Sara and is surprised to hear Sara say she is David's sister, though he had told Karin he had no family left. Sara guesses Karin is pregnant, though Karin refuses to say if the father is Andreas or David. Sara also declares that David will never leave her. Karin goes, saying she does not think she will return.
Back in Sweden, David asks Karin to meet him. He tells her he has found life without her intolerable, and that their relationship has changed him, and that he now cares about what will happen to them. He says he has accepted a position at a Danish university and asks Karin to come with him, with her children. Karin rejects the offer, citing her "duty" to remain. He accuses her of lying and cowardice as they separate.
Cast
Themes
Paul Scherer at Indiana University South Bend argued the film contains "fairly explicit reference to the Garden of Eden and such related themes as Satan, temptation and the fall". Scherer also noted critic James Gay argued anti-Semitism was vaguely a theme in the film, while Virginia Wexman said the film relied on "poetic imagery".
The statue of Mary also features in the film's themes. The statue has a small smile, and resembles Karin's mother. Bergman had earlier expressed his psychological difficulty distinguishing between wife and mother, and writer Frank Gado argues that Karin's mother's death removes her from Karin and allows David to love her. The larvae eating the statue may represent David and Karin's fetus.
Production
Development
During a 1964 production in London, Swedish director Ingmar Bergman met Morton Baum, a representative of the American Broadcasting Company, which was launching a film production arm. Bergman concluded a contract with ABC for $1 million. The Touch was Bergman's first English language film, and he viewed it as the first love story film he ever made.
In drawing up his story, Bergman was inspired by the death of his friend, an actor, 15 years previously. The death of his father, Erik Bergman, also informed the visuals of the opening hospital scene. Ingmar Bergman submitted a 56-page film treatment to Baum, which resembled a novella rather than a screenplay.
Casting
Bergman selected actor Elliott Gould on the basis of his work in Getting Straight. Paul Newman, Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman had also been proposed by ABC. Gould stated that he "got a migraine" when he read the first sex scene in the screenplay, and that he believed the film could potentially harm his career, but felt it was an honour to be the first American actor in a Bergman film.
Bergman had written the character Karin with Liv Ullmann in mind, but when Ullmann was unavailable, he offered it to Bibi Andersson. Andersson said she had reservations, both because she was the second choice for the role and because she had just played a similar role, but said she did not feel like could turn down Bergman's offers.
Filming
The film was shot on the island of Gotland, as well as at Film-Tcknik Studios in Stockholm and in London, between 14 September and 13 November 1970. Cinematographer Sven Nykvist employed Eastmancolor for his work. Using various shades of make-up, Nykvist took several days with Andersson's test shots.
Gould believed Andersson's character was influenced by Ingrid Karlebo, a woman Bergman was living with at the time, and that the film was semi-autobiographical. The sex scene was filmed on a real bed, though Bergman had pledged to use a platform. Bergman and Gould spent hours having conversations to help create the film's atmosphere.
"They had thought there could be some commerciality to me doing that picture at that time because I was, uh, so hot", said Gould later. "I was the leading male actor for a moment in the Western world, and I think that was embarrassing to him, because the way it was sold by ABC, with the beautiful picture of me and Bibi…the movie is not about a woman and a man. It was all about the woman. And it was far more revolutionary than people could even begin to think, in terms of the woman's psyche and journey".
Andersson described her relationship with Bergman during production as tense. Actress Sheila Reid stated Bergman consulted with her about how the British apartment should look, and that her scene involved some improvisation. Rehearsals lasted from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Release
The film opened in New York City on 14 July 1971. It had a wider release on 18 August, and premiered in Stockholm on 30 August. Bergman and Andersson soon after gave an interview on The Dick Cavett Show, and Bergman married Ingrid Karlebo that year. In Sweden, the film was distributed by SF Studios and in the U.S. by Cinerama Releasing Corporation. The film screened at the Berlin International Film Festival in July 1971, and in 1972 it played at the Belgrade Film Festival.
The film aired on television in the 1980s and in 2011, the Film Society of Lincoln Center re-released it in theatres in New York City. The Criterion Collection announced a Blu-ray release in Region A for 20 November 2018, along with 38 other Bergman films, in the set Ingmar Bergman's Cinema.
Reception
The film earned rentals of $485,000 in North America and $650,000 in other countries. It recorded an overall loss of $1,080,000.
Aside from box office losses, reviews were "generally negative". Roger Ebert gave The Touch two and a half stars, calling it "an unexpected failure of tone from a director to whom tone has usually been second nature," but doubting that language was the issue. In The New York Times, Vincent Canby believed language was the problem, describing the dialogue as "lifeless translations" and the film as dull. Much of the negative attention was directed at Gould. Richard Schickel was favourable, calling the film "as mature, mysterious and disturbing as anything Bergman has done in the last few years". Gene Siskel awarded three out four stars, writing, "In The Touch, Bergman is not a magician, but a fine filmmaker presenting a small story". Other favourable reviews were written by Penelope Gilliatt in The New Yorker, Molly Haskell in Village Voice and Jan Dawson in The Monthly Film Bulletin, who wrote it was "probably the most memorable and the most moving portrait of a lady that Bergman has given us". At the Belgrade Film Festival, Andersson won an award for Best Actress.
In 2011, Richard Brody called the film "very rare and very beautiful". However, Robbie Freeling, writing for IndieWire, panned it as "a maligned work that nonetheless betrays the underlying, but univocal idiosyncrasies of its author". Time Out's review states Bergman's "analysis of human relationships is as complex as ever". The film today holds a 68% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 22 reviews, with an average rating of 6.28/10.
References
Bibliography
External links
1971 romantic drama films
1971 films
ABC Motion Pictures films
Adultery in films
Films directed by Ingmar Bergman
Films with screenplays by Ingmar Bergman
English-language Swedish films
1970s English-language films
Films set in Gotland
Ptichopus angulatus is a beetle of the Family Passalidae.
Gallery
Passalidae
The green-barred woodpecker (Colaptes melanochloros) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. The scientific name melanochloros derives from the Greek melanos, meaning "black", and chloros, meaning "pale green", the principal colors of this bird. The golden-breasted woodpecker is sometimes included here as the southern subspecies group of this species and is sometimes considered a separate species, C. melanolaimus.
C. melanochloros (including the golden-breasted woodpecker) is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
green-barred woodpecker
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Caatinga
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
green-barred woodpecker
green-barred woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mine Gap Run is a tributary of Catawissa Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Roaring Creek Township and Beaver Township. The watershed of the stream has an area of . The stream is polluted and acidic. However, it is considered to be a coldwater fishery. The main rock formations in the stream's watershed are the Mauch Chunk Formation, the Spechty Kopf Formation, the Pocono Formation, and the Buddys Run Member of the Catskill Formation.
Course
Mine Gap Run begins on Catawissa Mountain in Roaring Creek Township. It crosses Mine Gap Road within a few hundred feet of its source and flows northeast in a valley for some distance. The stream eventually turns north for a few tenths of a mile. It then turns northeast and enters Beaver Township. A few tenths of a mile further downstream, it reaches its confluence with Catawissa Creek.
Mine Gap Run joins Catawissa Creek upstream of its mouth.
Hydrology
Mine Gap Run experiences some form of pollution. The stream is acidic and infertile. Its pH is 6.6 and the concentration of alkalinity in it is 4 milligrams per liter.
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Mine Gap Run is above sea level. The elevation of the stream's source is between and above sea level.
The lower reaches of Mine Gap Run are on rock of the Mauch Chunk Formation. The middle reaches of the stream are on rock of the Spechty Kopf Formation and the Pocono Formation. The stream's upper reaches are on rock of the Buddys Run Member of the Catskill Formation.
Mine Gap Run has a high gradient of per kilometer (0.6 miles). The stream is wide.
Watershed
The watershed of Mine Gap Run has an area of . The watershed is mostly in Roaring Creek Township, but a portion of it is in Beaver Township. Part of the watershed is in Pennsylvania State Game Lands Number 58. The watershed is in the Shumans United States Geological Survey quadrangle.
Mine Gap Run flows through forested land in its middle reaches. However, there is agricultural land in its upper and lower reaches. 72 percent of the stream is within and 80 percent of the length of the stream is within of a road. 90 percent of its length is within of a road.
History, etymology, and recreation
Mine Gap Run is named after mines in its vicinity.
A 1992 report stated that Mine Gap Run was a poor site for angling.
Biology
The Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection considers Mine Gap Run to be a cold water fishery. The water chemistry of the stream is suitable for brook trout and is similar to other streams with substantial populations of wild brook trout. However, no fish have been observed in it. The reason for this is unknown, but possible theories include a total fish kill. Stocking of fingerling brook trout in the stream has been proposed.
See also
Fisher Run, next tributary of Catawissa Creek going downstream
Beaver Run (Catawissa Creek), next tributary of Catawissa Creek going upstream
List of tributaries of Catawissa Creek
References
Rivers of Columbia County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Catawissa Creek
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Happy Birthday is a 2016 Indian Kannada language romantic action film written, directed and co-produced by Mahesh Sukhadhare. It stars Sachin, making his debut, and Samskruthy Shenoy in the lead roles along with guest appearances by actors Ambarish and Srinagar Kitty. The music of the film is composed by V. Harikrishna whilst the cinematography is by Suresh Jayakrishna.
Principal photography for the film began in June 2015 by Sai Prasad and the shooting was held around Mandya district.
Cast
Sachin
Samskruthy Shenoy as Anjali
Achyuth Kumar
Ravi Kale
Ninasam Ashwath
Prashanth Siddi
Rajesh Nataranga
Aruna Balaraj
Ashwini
Sadhu Kokila
Chikkanna
Bullet Prakash
H. G. Dattatreya
Sanjay
Harish Jayakrishna
B Shilpa
Disha Gowda
Neethushree
Ambarish in a guest appearance
Srinagar Kitty in a guest appearance
Soundtrack
V. Harikrishna has composed the film's background score and music for its soundtrack. The audio was officially launched by actor Yash. The event was attended by many celebrities from the cinema industry and political parties. It was held on 23 July 2016 at Sir M. Vishweshwaraiah grounds in Mandya.
Reception
Critical response
Shyam Prasad S of Bangalore Mirror scored the film at 3.5 out of 5 stars and wrote "At least two songs are blockbuster material. Aerial shots stop being impressive after a point due to excessive use of drones. The phrase, Happy Birthday, has a completely different meaning in some parts of rural Karnataka. If you don't know what it is and are curious, the film may well provide you with more than the entertainment you asked for." Sunayana Suresh of The Times of India scored the film at 3 out of 5 stars and wrote "One of the highlights of the film is the Hogume song, which lingers on even after you've left the cinema hall. This film will work for audience that love their masala fare, replete with action, unpalatable comedy, romance and a fair share of melodrama too."The Hindu wrote "The dialogues are set in the dialect of the region. With a stiff body language, Sachin can barely act or emote. Samskruthi saves the film partially with her performance. Achyuth Kumar and Rajesh Nataranga do what they can within their roles."
References
External links
Facebook page
2016 films
2010s romantic action films
Indian romantic action films
Films scored by V. Harikrishna
2010s Kannada-language films
Pavel Kastusik (, born in Minsk, 1976)
Belarusian artist, whose works range from oil paintings to graphic arts.
References
Biography on Bella Belarus site
External links
Online Gallery
Belarusian artists' exhibition in Poland
1976 births
Living people
Artists from Minsk
Date of birth missing (living people)
Ananthasayanam is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by K. Suku. The film stars Sheela, Jayabharathi, Adoor Bhasi and Prema in the lead roles. The film had musical score by K. Raghavan.
Cast
Sheela
Jayabharathi
Adoor Bhasi
Prema
T. R. Omana
Mancheri Chandran
Bahadoor
K. P. Ummer
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Meena
N. Govindankutty
Nellikode Bhaskaran
Radhamani
Raghava Menon
Sujatha
Thodupuzha Radhakrishnan
Chandramohan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. Raghavan and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
The Badminton Federation of Tajikistan (BFT) is the highest national administrative organization in the sport of badminton in Tajikistan.
History
The Badminton Federation of Tajikistan was founded on 10 December 2010 and subsequently became a member of the Badminton World Federation. The Federation is also a member of the continental umbrella organization Badminton Asia. The association is based in Dushanbe. The association is registered with the Ministry of Justice of the country and is a member of the National Olympic Committee.
Notable members
Kabir Jurazoda, president
Jonathan Linus, general secretary
References
National members of the Badminton World Federation
Sports governing bodies in Tajikistan
Sports organizations established in 2010
2010 establishments in Tajikistan
Larimer County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 359,066. The county seat and most populous city is Fort Collins. The county was named for William Larimer, Jr., the founder of Denver.
Larimer County comprises the Fort Collins, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area. The county is located at the northern end of the Front Range, at the edge of the Colorado Eastern Plains along the border with Wyoming.
History
Larimer County was created in 1861, and was named after General William Larimer.
Unlike that of much of Colorado, which was founded on the mining of gold and silver, the settlement of Larimer County was based almost entirely on agriculture, an industry that few thought possible in the region during the initial days of the Colorado Gold Rush. The mining boom almost entirely passed the county by. It would take the introduction of irrigation to the region in the 1860s to bring the first widespread settlement to the area.
Early history
At the time of the arrival of Europeans in the early 19th century, the present-day county was occupied by Native Americans, with the Utes occupying the mountainous areas and the Cheyenne and Arapaho living on the piedmont areas along the base of the foothills. French fur trappers infiltrated the area in the early decades of the 19th century, soon after the area became part of the United States with the Louisiana Purchase and was organized as part of the Missouri Territory. In 1828 William H. Ashley ascended the Cache la Poudre River on his way to the Green River in present-day Utah. The river itself received its name in the middle 1830s from an obscure incident in which French-speaking trappers hid gunpowder along its banks, somewhere near present-day Laporte or Bellvue. In 1848 a group of Cherokee crossed through the county following the North Fork of the Poudre to the Laramie Plains on their way to California along a route that became known as the Cherokee Trail.
The area of county was officially opened to white settlement following negotiations with the Cheyenne and Arapaho in the 1858 Treaty of Fort Laramie, by which time the area was part of the Nebraska Territory. The first U.S. settlers arrived that same year in a party led by Antoine Janis from Fort Laramie. Janis, who had visited the area near Bellvue in 1844 and proclaimed it "the most beautiful place on earth", returned to file his official claim and helped found the first U.S. settlement in present-day Colorado, called Colona, just west of Laporte. Nearly simultaneously, Mariano Medina established Fort Namaqua along the Big Thompson River just west of present-day Loveland. The first irrigation canals were established along the Poudre in the 1860s.
In 1862 the settlement established by Janis became a stagecoach stop along the Overland Stage Route which was established because of threats of attacks from Native Americans on the northern trails in Wyoming. In 1861, Laporte was designated as the first county seat after the organization of the Colorado Territory. In 1862, the United States Army established an outpost near Laporte that was designated as Camp Collins. A devastating flood in June 1864 wiped out the outpost, forcing the Army to seek a better location. At the urging of Joseph Mason, who had settled along the Poudre in 1860, the Army relocated its post downstream adjacent to Mason's land along the Overland stage route. The site of the new post became the nucleus of the town of Fort Collins, incorporated in 1873 after the withdrawal of the Army. By that time, Mason and others had convinced the Colorado Territorial Legislature to designate the new town as the county seat. In 1870, the legislature designated Fort Collins as the location of the state agricultural college (later Colorado State University), although the institution would exist only on paper for another 9 years while local residents sought money to construct the first campus buildings. In 1873, Robert A. Cameron and other members of the Greeley Colony established the Fort Collins Agricultural Colony, which greatly expanded the grid plan and population of Fort Collins.
Railroads
One of the primary goals of the early citizens of the county was the courting of railroads. County residents were disappointed when the Denver Pacific Railroad bypassed the county in 1870 in favor of Greeley. The first railroad finally arrived in the county in 1877 when the Colorado Central Railroad extended a line north from Golden via Longmont to Cheyenne. The town council of Fort Collins designated right-of-way through the center of town (and through the campus of the unbuilt college) for the line, creating a contentious issue to this day.
Along the new railroad sprung up the new platted towns of Loveland and Berthoud, named respectively after the president and chief surveyor of the Colorado Central. Likewise, Wellington (founded in 1903) was named for a railroad employee. The Greeley, Salt Lake, and Pacific Railroad arrived three years later as a subsidiary of the Union Pacific Railroad, with the intention of creating a transcontinental line over Cameron Pass. Although the line was never extended over the mountains, it opened up the quarrying of stone for the railroad at Stout, furnishing another industry for the region. The brief attempt at the mining of gold in the region centered at the now ghost town of Manhattan in the Poudre Canyon.
Agriculture
The early growth of agriculture, which depended highly on direct river irrigation, experienced a second boom in 1902 with the introduction of the cultivation of sugar beets, accompanied by the construction of the large processing plant of the Great Western Sugar Co. in Loveland. In the following decade, the sugar beet industry brought large numbers of German emigrants from the Russian Empire to the county. The neighborhoods of Fort Collins northeast of the Poudre were constructed largely to house these new families.
A significant increase in the agricultural productivity of the region came in the 1930s with the construction of the Colorado Big Thompson Project following the Great Depression, sort of third boom for the agricultural industry around Fort Collins. This project collected and captured Western Slope water, and carried it over to the Front Range Colorado counties of Boulder, Larimer, and Weld, along with extensive water storage and distribution system, which significantly extended the irrigable growing season and brought substantial additional land under irrigation for the first time.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.4%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Laramie County, Wyoming—northeast
Weld County—east
Boulder County—south
Grand County—southwest
Jackson County—west
Albany County, Wyoming—northwest
Major highways
Interstate 25
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 36
U.S. Highway 87
U.S. Highway 287
State Highway 1
State Highway 7
State Highway 14
State Highway 56
State Highway 60
State Highway 66
State Highway 392
State Highway 402
National protected areas
Cache La Poudre Wilderness
Comanche Peak Wilderness
Neota Wilderness
Rawah Wilderness
Rocky Mountain National Park
Roosevelt National Forest
State protected areas
Boyd Lake State Park
Lory State Park
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 251,494 people, 97,164 households, and 63,156 families residing in the county. The population density was 97 people per square mile (37/km2). There were 105,392 housing units at an average density of 40 per square mile (16/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 91.44% White, 0.66% Black or African American, 0.66% Native American, 1.56% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 3.41% from other races, and 2.19% from two or more races. 8.27% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 97,164 households, out of which 31.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.60% were married couples living together, 7.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.00% were non-families. Of all households 23.40% were made up of individuals, and 6.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.80% under the age of 18, 14.20% from 18 to 24, 30.70% from 25 to 44, 21.80% from 45 to 64, and 9.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 99.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $48,655, and the median income for a family was $58,866. Males had a median income of $40,829 versus $27,859 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,689. About 4.30% of families and 9.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.80% of those under age 18 and 4.40% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Fort Collins
Loveland
Towns
Berthoud (partially in Larimer and partially in Weld county)
Estes Park
Johnstown (partially in Larimer and partially in Weld county)
Red Feather Lakes
Timnath
Wellington
Windsor (partially in Larimer and partially in Weld County)
Census-designated places
LaPorte
Red Feather Lakes
Unincorporated communities
Bellvue
Buckeye
Campion
Cherokee Park
Drake
Glendevey
Glen Haven
Livermore
Kinikinik
Masonville
Norfolk
Pinewood Springs
Pingree Park
Poudre Park
Rustic
Waverly
Ghost towns
Manhattan
Old Roach
Virginia Dale
Politics
Larimer was long a Republican stronghold. Between 1920 and 2004, the only Democratic presidential candidate to win a majority of votes in the county was Lyndon Johnson in 1964. However, increasing urbanization, as well as the influence of Colorado State University, caused the Republican margins to decline steadily in the 1990s and early 2000s. In 2008, Barack Obama became the first Democrat to carry the county with the majority of the vote since 1964, and in so doing recorded the best performance by a Democrat since the days of Woodrow Wilson and William Jennings Bryan. In 2020, Joe Biden's margin of victory was even greater.
Larimer County is a bellwether county; as of the 2020 election, it has voted for the statewide winner in every election since 1948, when Harry Truman carried Colorado without it.
Education
Park R3 (Estes Park)
Poudre R1 (Fort Collins & Surrounding Area)
Thompson R2-J (Berthoud & Loveland)
Fort Collins is home to Colorado State University.
Recreation
Prehistoric site
Lindenmeier Site
National trails
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Greyrock Mountain National Recreation Trail
Mount McConnel National Recreation Trail
Round Mountain National Recreation Trail
Bicycle route
Great Parks Bicycle Route
Poudre River Trail
Spring Creek Trail
Mason Trail
Fossil Creek Trail
Cathy Fromme Prairie Natural Area
Power Trail
Loveland's Recreation Trail
Scenic byways
Cache La Poudre-North Park Scenic and Historic Byway
Peak to Peak Scenic and Historic Byway
Trail Ridge Road/Beaver Meadow National Scenic Byway
Other features and attractions
Poudre Canyon
Horsetooth Mountain
Big Thompson Canyon
Medicine Bow Mountains
Front Range
See also
Colorado census statistical areas
Fort Collins-Loveland Metropolitan Statistical Area
Front Range Urban Corridor
Heele County, Jefferson Territory
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Larimer County, Colorado
Outline of Colorado
Notes
References
External links
Rocky Mountain National Park website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Community website for Larimer County specifically Fort Collins and the surrounding areas.
1861 establishments in Colorado Territory
Colorado counties
Populated places established in 1861
At the 1900 Summer Olympics one gymnastics event for men was contested. The competition was held on Sunday, 29 July 1900, and on Monday, 30 July 1900. There were 135 competitors from 8 nations. The top 18 places were taken by French gymnasts, of which there were more than 100. The event was won by Gustave Sandras, with Noël Bas finishing second and Lucien Démanet third. The highest-placing foreign gymnast was Jules Ducret of Switzerland, in a tie for 19th place.
Medal summary
Background
This was the first appearance of an all-around event. There had been various apparatus events at the 1896 Games, but no overall competition. In contrast, the 1900 Games saw only the all-around event without medals or separate events for any individual apparatus. At the time, athletics events were often combined with gymnastics events in combined events such as this one.
The Swiss championships were scheduled for a week after this competition, resulting in few Swiss gymnasts competing here.
Competition format
Gymnasts performed in 16 exercises, many of them being two competitions of the same discipline with one compulsory exercise and one voluntary exercise. There was a maximum of 20 points in each exercise, leading to a total maximum of 320 points. The events were mostly gymnastic in nature, but also included a number of athletics events and a weightlifting competition.
1. and 2. - Horizontal bar (compulsory and optional exercises)
3. and 4. - Parallel bars (compulsory and optional exercises)
5. and 6. - Rings (compulsory and optional exercises)
7. and 8. - Pommel horse (compulsory and optional exercises)
9. and 10. - Floor exercise (compulsory and optional exercises)
11. - Horse vault (compulsory exercise)
12. - Combined high jump
13. - Long jump
14. - Pole vault
15. - Rope climbing
16. - Weightlifting
The combined high jump required a jump over a rope that was 1.25 metres above the ground and 1 metre away from the take-off. The scoring standard for the long jump was 5 metres; for the pole vault, 2.2 metres. The rope climbing featured a rope of 6 metres. The weightlifting used a 50 kilograms weight, with 2 points for each overhead lift up to 10 lifts.
Schedule
Results
Participating nations
A total of 135 gymnasts from 8 nations competed at the Paris Games:
Medal table
References
External links
International Olympic Committee medal winners database
De Wael, Herman. Herman's Full Olympians: "Gymnastics 1900". Accessed 25 February 2006. Available electronically at .
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900
Gymnastics in Paris
International gymnastics competitions hosted by France
1900 in gymnastics
Werkman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Chester Hamlin Werkman (1893–1962), American microbiologist
(born 1939), Dutch writer and literary critic
Hendrik Nicolaas Werkman (1882–1945), Dutch artist, typographer, and printer
H.N. Werkman College
Nick Werkman, American basketball player
See also
Berkman
Workman (surname)
Mark Gerard Connolly (born 16 December 1991) is an Irish footballer who plays for Derry City. He has previously played for Bolton Wanderers, St Johnstone, Macclesfield Town, Crawley Town, Kilmarnock, Dundee United, Dunfermline Athletic and Dundalk. Connolly has also represented the Republic of Ireland at under-21 level.
Club career
Bolton Wanderers
Connolly was signed from Wolverhampton Wanderers by Bolton Wanderers on the summer transfer deadline in 2009 after the clubs agreed a £1,000,000 fee. Wolves later reported Bolton and their assistant manager Chris Evans, a former academy director at Wolves, for an illegal approach for the player. Connolly later stated he was unaware of the transfer fee Bolton had paid.
On the January transfer dealine day of 2010, Connolly signed on loan for St Johnstone until the end of the season. He made his debut on 27 March 2010 in the loss to Hamilton Academical.
During the 2011–12 season, Connolly was captain of Bolton Wanderers's reserve team and was on the substitutes bench for the first team in their League Cup win against Macclesfield Town and he then joined Macclesfield on 24 February 2012, on a months loan, making his debut the following day in their 1–1 draw at Oxford United.
On 15 May 2012, Connolly confirmed on his Twitter account that he had left Bolton. This was followed by confirmation from the club that Connolly was one of twelve players released following the club's relegation to the Championship.
Crawley Town
On 9 July 2012, Crawley Town announced that Connolly had signed for them on a two-year contract. Connolly later stated he joined Crawley because he wanted the chance to play first team football. Connolly made his debut on 14 August, starting in a League Cup match as a right-back against Championship side Millwall which ended 2–2, with Crawley winning 4–1 on penalties. He then made his league debut for Crawley, in the opening game of the season, in a 3–0 win over Scunthorpe United. In late August 2012, Connolly was part of the Crawley team which successfully defeated Bolton in the League Cup thanks to a last minute goal by Nicky Ajose. In November 2012, after an earlier spell out of the side, Connolly spoke of his enjoyment at getting back in the team and playing regular first team games. On 1 January 2013, he scored his first Crawley Town goal in the 5th minute, in a 3–0 win over Colchester United. In a home match against Brentford on 26 February 2013, Connolly gave away a penalty and received a red card after 50 seconds, with Crawley going on to lose 2–1. He returned after being on the bench for five matches against Crewe on 26 March 2013. Connolly's second goal for the club came on 20 April 2013, in a 2–1 loss against Oldham Athletic. In his first season at Crawley Town, Connolly scored twice in 35 appearances for the club.
In his second season, Connolly remained at the club after being linked with a move to Championship clubs following his performances during the previous season. He spent most of the first half of the season on the bench before regaining his first team place. Connolly then scored his first goal of the season, with a header, in a 1–0 win over Notts County on 29 December 2013. He went on to make 40 appearances in all competitions. Despite the club starting negotiations over a new contract, Connolly was among 11 players released at the end of the 2013–14 season.
Kilmarnock
Connolly signed a three-year contract with Scottish club Kilmarnock in July 2014. He made his debut on 9 August 2014, in a 1–1 draw with Dundee Connolly then scored his first Kilmarnock goal from a header and earlier set up a goal for Robbie Muirhead, in a 2–1 win over St Mirren A few weeks later on 3 October 2014, he scored his second goal of the season, in a 2–0 win over Dundee United. On 22 February 2015, Connolly was injured during Kilmarnock's 3–3 draw against Inverness Caledonian Thistle and it was later confirmed he had broken his collarbone with the injury expected to keep him out for the remainder of the season. He returned from injury earlier than expected against Motherwell on 8 May 2015.
Ahead of the 2015–16 season Connolly was named as captain of Kilmarnock, replacing Manuel Pascali who had left the club earlier in the summer. On 23 May 2016, he had his contract cancelled.
Return to Crawley Town
On 2 July 2016, Connolly re-joined Crawley Town preceding his contract expiry from Kilmarnock. On 6 August 2016, he made his Crawley return in a 1–0 victory against Wycombe Wanderers, playing the full 90 minutes. On 1 October 2016, Connolly scored the winner in Crawley's 1–0 victory over Blackpool, netting in the 69th minute.
Dundee United
On 31 January 2019, Connolly signed for Dundee United of the Scottish Championship for an undisclosed fee, on a two-and-a-half-year contract. He scored his first goal for the club on 4 January 2020, the only goal of their away match against Queen of the South, in what was his first appearance in the starting lineup since the previous August. He was part of the United team that were 14 points clear at the top of the Championship table when the 2019-20 season was curtailed due to the COVID-19 pandemic; they were subsequently declared champions and promoted to the Premiership. In August 2020 he extended his contract with the club until 2023. The following month, he was charged with "not acting in the best interests of football" and breaching COVID regulations, when he allegedly refused to wear a face mask in a taxi. He was subsequently given a suspended two-match ban at a Scottish Football Association disciplinary hearing. In May 2021, Connolly snapped his cruciate ligament in a Premiership match against Motherwell, and was expected to be out injured for several months.
Connolly was loaned to Dunfermline Athletic in September 2021. He departed the club in January 2022 after playing every minute of his 14 appearances for the club, scoring 1 goal.
On 17 January 2022, Connolly returned to his home country, signing for League of Ireland Premier Division club Dundalk on a six month loan deal. Dundalk confirmed on 22 July 2022 that Connolly had been recalled by Dundee United following his loan spell.
Derry City
After ending his loan spell at Dundalk, Dundee United sold Connolly to Derry City on 28 July 2022 for an undisclosed fee.
Career statistics
References
External links
Republic of Ireland U17 profile at Soccer Scene
Republic of Ireland U19 profile at Soccer Scene
1991 births
Living people
Association footballers from County Monaghan
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Republic of Ireland under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
Monaghan United F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
St Johnstone F.C. players
Macclesfield Town F.C. players
Crawley Town F.C. players
Scottish Premier League players
English Football League players
Kilmarnock F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Dundee United F.C. players
Dunfermline Athletic F.C. players
Dundalk F.C. players
League of Ireland players
Derry City F.C. players
Mahnomen City Hall is a 1937 fieldstone Moderne municipal center built by the Works Progress Administration at 104 West Madison Avenue, Mahnomen, Minnesota, United States.
It was still a working city hall when it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mahnomen County, Minnesota
References
City and town halls on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Government buildings completed in 1937
National Register of Historic Places in Mahnomen County, Minnesota
Works Progress Administration in Minnesota
Shlomo Sztencl (, pronounced Shtentzel) (1884 – 1919) was a Polish Orthodox Jewish rabbi. He served as Chief Rabbi of Czeladź, Poland and Rav, dayan, and rosh yeshiva of Sosnowiec, Poland. He is the author of Koheles Shlomo and Beis Shlomo, the former published posthumously.
Family background
Sztencl was born on 16 August 1884 (25 Av 5644) in Czeladź, Poland to Rabbi Chaim Dov (Berish) Sztencl, av beis din of Czeladź and a distinguished Radomsker Hasid. His father's maternal grandfather, Rabbi Dov Berish Hertziger, had conferred the title of Rebbe upon Rabbi Shlomo HaCohen Rabinowitz, the first Rebbe of the Radomsk Hasidic dynasty. Sztencl's mother, Freidel Genendel, was the daughter of Rabbi Shweitzer of Bendin. Her father was an extremely wealthy and benevolent man. One of his famous charitable deeds was sending wagons of potatoes every Friday to the Divrei Chaim of Sanz for distribution to the poor.
Freidel Genendel's sister, Miriam Kayla, married Hanoch Hendel Frumer. Their son, Rabbi Aryeh Tzvi Frumer, became a renowned rabbi and rosh yeshiva of Yeshivas Chachmei Lublin. Aryeh Tzvi and his first cousin, Shlomo Sztencl, were childhood friends and remained close. After Sztencl's untimely death, Frommer established a close relationship with his orphaned children. Frumer was also very involved in the first publication of Sztencl's manuscript, Koheles Shlomo.
Shlomo had one brother, Avraham Nochum (1897–1983), and two sisters, Esther and Tsime. Avraham Nochum left home at age 20 and moved to Berlin, where he became a noted Yiddish poet.
Biography
From an early age, Sztencl was known as a genius who could grasp difficult concepts with ease. At age 11, he was far advanced over his peers and his father sent him to the yeshiva of Amstov, which had a rigorous academic program. In 1897, several months before his bar mitzvah, Shlomo traveled to Berzeznitz to study with its Chief Rabbi, Rabbi Yaakov Yosef HaCohen Rabinovitch, author of Emes LeYaakov. Rabinovitch was very fond of the young Shlomo, and treated him as his prize student. Several months later, when he was appointed Chief Rabbi of Klabotsk, Rabinovitch took Shlomo with him. After studying with Rabbi Rabinovitch for a year and a half, Shlomo returned to the yeshiva of Amstov to study for another year. In the winter of 5661 (1900–1901), he studied with the Avnei Nezer for six months. In the summer of 5661 (1901), he returned home to Czeladź.
Several days after his eighteenth birthday, on September 10, 1902, Sztencl married Miriam Bayla, daughter of Rabbi Efraim Mordechai Mottel Zweigenhaft. The Zweigenhaft family was renowned as a distinguished family of shochtim. Following his marriage, Sztencl began writing a diary, in which he kept a cheshbon hanefesh (lit. "soul-reckoning"), accounting for every minute of his time. This diary was kept under lock and key and was discovered only after his death. The contents of Sztencl's diary reveal his intense fear of Heaven. He routinely repented for actions and thoughts which only a man of his stature would consider sins, such as too much "frivolous talk", or thinking about Torah subjects in forbidden places or times, or wasting moments he could have devoted to Torah study. He also repented for neglecting to invite a poor man for a meal in his home.
At the young age of 21, Sztencl was appointed Rabbi of Czeladź. Four years later, he moved to the town of Sosnowiec and was appointed Rabbi and dayan. He also led a yeshiva with many students. He was highly respected, and some of his halachic rulings were printed in leading religious publications of the era.
At age 34, after ten years in Sosnowiec, Sztencl became seriously ill. His doctor advised him to go to natural springs far away from his home. His father looked after him there. Sztencl died on August 31, 1919 (5 Elul 5679) at the age of 35.
Family
One of Sztencl's sons, Rabbi Yonah Sztencl (1904–1969), immigrated to Palestine in 1935 and served as a Rav in Tel Aviv and director of that city's kashrut department. The younger Sztencl was best known as the originator of the Mishnah Yomis and Halacha Yomis study programs, which are currently administered by his son, Rabbi Shlomo Sztencl, who is named after his grandfather.
Ester (1913-1943), who was one of Sztencl's daughters, was married to Rabbi Shlomo Zev Zweigenhaft. Prior to the Holocaust, Zweigenhaft served as one of Poland's Rosh Hashochtim. After surviving the Holocaust, Zweigenhaft served as Chief Rabbi of Hannover and Lower Saxony in Germany before emigrating to the United States.
Works
Sztencl had mentioned many times that he didn't want any of his original Torah insights published before he reached the age of 40, when, as the Mishna states, a person acquires "understanding". Yet with the approval of several of the greatest Torah scholars in Europe, among them Rabbi Chaim Ozer Grodzinski and Rabbi Menachem Zemba, Sztencl's sons decided to publish his writings. Sztencl's father collected and prepared his son's writings for publication. The manuscript was then divided into two books: Koheles Shlomo and Beis Shlomo. The former was published in 1932 and reprinted in 1973 by his Israeli descendants. In 2013 Beis Shlomo was published for the first time in one volume together with Koheles Shlomo in Jerusalem. The book was entitled Chidushei Hagaon M'sosnovitz (Novelle of the Genius of Sosnowiec).
References
External links
One of his books at Wikisource
1884 births
1919 deaths
Hasidic rosh yeshivas
20th-century Polish rabbis
Polish Orthodox rabbis
People from Czeladź
People from Sosnowiec
Vincent Marseglia (born January 24, 1986) is an American professional wrestler currently appearing for Impact Wrestling, where he is a current member of Honor No More. He is best known for his tenure in Ring of Honor (ROH), where he is a record setting 4-time ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champion, with 3 of his reigns as part of The Kingdom.
Professional wrestling career
Ring of Honor (2012–2022)
Marseglia made his Ring of Honor (ROH) Television debut on April 7, 2012 in Baltimore, Maryland losing to Rhyno in a squash match. On April 30, 2016 Marseglia unsuccessfully challenged Jay Lethal for the ROH World Championship in West Warwick, Rhode Island.
The Kingdom (2016–2019)
Marseglia made his comeback on October 1, 2016, in Lowell, Massachusetts as a part of the revamped Kingdom stable alongside Matt Taven and T. K. O'Ryan. In their debut as a trio, they defeated The Bullet Club (Adam Cole and The Young Bucks). On the November 19 episode of ROH TV The Kingdom defeated Team CMLL (Hechicero, Okumura and Ultimo Guerrero) in the semi-finals to advance to the finals at the Final Battle 2016 PPV.
On December 2, 2016, The Kingdom became the first-ever ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champions by defeating Kushida, Lio Rush & Jay White. They lost the title to Bully Ray and The Briscoes on March 11, 2017, in a match, where Silas Young replaced an injured T. K. O'Ryan.
On May 9, 2018 at ROH/NJPW War of the Worlds Tour, The Kingdom would regain the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championship by defeating SoCal Uncensored. On March 16, 2019 at Survival of the Fittest, They were defeated by Villain Enterprises for the Six-Man Tag Team Championship. On ROH Television, Marseglia attacked Taven in the ring and On December 13, 2019 at Final Battle Marseglia defeated Taven.
Impact Wrestling (2022-Present)
At Hard To Kill (2022) Vincent made his Impact Wrestling debut after a 10-man Hardcore War tag team match attacking Rich Swann, Eddie Edwards, Heath and Rhino alongside former Kingdom stablemate Matt Taven, Mike Bennett, Maria Kanellis, and PCO.
Championships and accomplishments
Canadian Wrestling's Elite
CWE Championship (1 time)
Chaotic Wrestling
Chaotic Wrestling Tag Team Championship (1 time) - with Matt Taven
Liberty States Pro Wrestling
Liberty States Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Northeast Wrestling
NEW Tag Team Championship (2 times) - with Frankie Arion (1) and T. K. O'Ryan (1)
Premier Wrestling Federation Northeast
PWF Northeast Lightning Cup Championship (1 time)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 145 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2019
Ring of Honor
ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championship (4 times) – with Matt Taven and T. K. O'Ryan (3) and Bateman and Dutch (1)
ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championship Tournament (2016) – with Matt Taven and T. K. O'Ryan
Top Rope Promotions
TRP Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
TRP Interstate Championship (1 time)
Killer Kowalski Cup Tournament (2012, 2015)
Xtreme Wrestling Alliance
XWA Firebrand Championship (1 time)
References
Living people
1986 births
American male professional wrestlers
People from Warwick, Rhode Island
Professional wrestlers from Rhode Island
21st-century professional wrestlers
ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champions
Jack Dempsey Cassini (October 26, 1919 – September 20, 2010) was an American professional baseball infielder, manager and scout. Born in Dearborn, Michigan, he was a six-time stolen base champion during his minor league playing career (1940–41; 1946–55) and stole 378 bases lifetime.
Cassini threw and batted right-handed, stood 5'10" (1.78 m) tall and weighed 175 pounds (79 kg). His career began with the Tiffin Mud Hens of the Class D Ohio State League in , where he batted .396 and stole 51 bases in only 99 games. The following year, Cassini led the Class C Pioneer League in steals with 43, before spending four years in World War II military service. After a campaign split between the Triple-A International and Double-A Texas leagues (and 26 more thefts), Cassini then spent full seasons in the Texas League () and the Triple-A American Association () — and led those leagues in stolen bases as well (with 52 and 33, respectively).
In , he received his only trial in Major League Baseball as a pinch runner in eight games for the Pittsburgh Pirates. Cassini scored three runs, but stole no bases and never recorded an official at bat. He then returned to the American Association — leading it in stolen bases two more times, with 36 () and 35 ().
Cassini then fashioned a long career as a minor league manager and MLB scout. He skippered teams in the Chicago White Sox, Cincinnati Reds, New York Mets and Cleveland Indians farm systems, and scouted for Cincinnati, the Mets and Cleveland.
References
External links
1919 births
2010 deaths
Baseball players from Michigan
Cincinnati Reds scouts
Cleveland Indians scouts
Geneva Redlegs players
Indianapolis Indians players
Memphis Chickasaws players
Montreal Royals players
New York Mets scouts
Ogden Reds players
Oklahoma City Indians players
Peninsula Grays players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
St. Paul Saints (AA) players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Tiffin Mud Hens players
Toledo Mud Hens managers
Tulsa Oilers (baseball) players
Guy Elmes (22 July 1920- December 1998) was a British screenwriter.
Select Filmography
Behold the Man (1949) - TV movie
The Planter's Wife (1952)
Counterspy (1953)
The Flanagan Boy (1953)
Wheel of Fate (1953)
The Stranger's Hand (1954)
Bang! You're Dead (1954)
Across the Bridge (1957)
Nor the Moon by Night (1958)
Serious Charge (1959)
Mission in Morocco (1959)
London Calling (1960) (documentary)
Pontius Pilate (1962)
The Captive City (1962)
Stranglehold (1963)
Submarine X-1 (1968)
The Invincible Six (1970)
The Night Visitor (1971)
White Fang (1973)
The Red Hand Gang (1977) - TV series
A Nightingale Sang in Berkley Square (1979)
References
External links
1920 births
1998 deaths
20th-century British screenwriters
The red-legged cormorant (Poikilocarbo gaimardi), also known as the red-legged shag, red-footed cormorant, red-footed shag, Gaimard's cormorant and grey cormorant, is a species of cormorant resident to the coastline of South America. It is the only member of the genus Poikilocarbo. It is non-colonial unlike most seabirds. The red-legged cormorant has not been observed wing-spreading, which is unusual among cormorant species.
Taxonomy
The red-legged cormorant is placed within the genus Phalacrocorax, but it has been debated that it should be placed within Notocarbo as phylogenetic studies suggest that it is most closely related to other southern-hemisphere shags, such as the spotted shag. A 2014 study found it to represent the second most basal genus of cormorant, with only Microcarbo being more basal, and thus reclassified into the genus Poikilocarbo. This classification was followed by the IOC in 2021. It has been suggested that the population of red-legged cormorants on the Atlantic coast are a separate subspecies. They are slightly smaller and have marginally paler plumage compared to the birds of the Pacific coast.
Poikilocarbo is thought to have diverged from the rest of the Phalacrocoracidae between 12.0 - 13.5 million years ago.
Description
The red-legged cormorant is a medium-sized seabird, with a long neck, streamlined body, webbed feet and a long, thin hooked bill. Its body length is , with an average wingspan of . It weighs . There is no sexual dimorphism between the male and female birds.
The red-legged cormorant's appearance is unmistakable. Breeding adults have a smoky grey body, with a slightly paler underside. They have scattered areas of white filoplumes behind the eyes and down the neck. The wing coverts have a speckled, silvery grey appearance, followed by broad black wing tips. The tail is also black. The eyes are green, surrounded by sixteen tiny blue marks. The bill is yellow, shading to orange toward the base, the gular skin is a vibrant orange or red. The legs and feet are a striking coral red.
Non-breeding adults look similar to breeding adults. They lack the white filoplumes, the wing coverts appear less silvery, but more dark grey, and the bill and gular skin are duller in colouration.
Juvenile red-legged cormorants usually possess paler, brown plumage with a speckling of white around the throat. Juvenile plumage colouration can be highly variable between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts. Their eyes are grey and their bills and gular skin range from black to orange. The legs and feet can be a dull orange to a reddish black.
Distribution and habitat
The red-legged cormorant is native to the coast of South America. On the Pacific coast it ranges from Macabi Island, Peru to Chiloe Island, Chile. There are small isolated populations on the Atlantic coast scattered across Santa Cruz, Argentina. It rarely occurs further south than the Strait of Magellan.
Red-legged cormorants nest sparsely on steep rock faces, including coastal cliffs, rocky islets, and sea caverns. They become virtually undetectable against these rocky outcrops by their speckled grey plumage, with the exception of their colourful bills and feet. They forage within inshore bodies of water and in shallow offshore waters.
Behaviour
Breeding
The red-legged cormorant is a non-colonial seabird, instead living in pairs or small groups. Courtship typically occurs in January and February. The males can engage in elaborate mating displays, which include darting and throwback postures. During darting, males chirp quietly while moving the head back and forth exposing the interior of the mouth. When the female advances, the male displays a throwback posture; outstretching the neck and pointing the bill towards the tail. The female may respond to the male's display by hopping and throat clicking. When the female selects a male, periods of allopreening ensue, followed by copulation. Red-legged cormorant pairs are observed to be monogamous for at least one season.
Nests are constructed on steep cliffs and are usually isolated from other birds, but can form small colonies on rare occasions. They are composed of feathers, guano, seaweed, the cases of tube-dwelling worms and even garbage. They have been observed diving 8 to 10 meters collecting billfulls of various nesting materials. Egg laying takes place between October and January, with clutch sizes averaging three eggs. After hatching, the nestlings initially have no feathers, but are quickly covered in brownish down. As with all cormorants, nestlings are altricial, incubation period averages 30 days and the chick-rearing period is 60–70 days.
Feeding
Red-legged cormorants are generally solitary foragers, but hunting in pairs or small flocks may occur. Most red-legged cormorants forage no further than 3 km away from their nest. They hunt in inshore waters, including estuaries, and in shallow offshore waters. They never enter exclusively fresh water. Many red-legged cormorants forage at low tide, presumably to minimize their travel time to and from the surface and to maximize time searching for food. They can dive below the surface in pursuit of prey. Their diet mainly consists of fish, specifically including eels and anchovies, and planktonic crustaceans.
Voice
The red-legged cormorants calls are unlike most seabirds; they consist of high-pitched chirps and chirrups more like a songbird.
Status and conservation
The cormorant is considered to be Near Threatened on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Predation
Due to the birds' habit of nesting on cliffs with sheer rock faces and no ground approach, they are inaccessible to most predators. Their main predators are kelp gulls, as well as humans, who consume adults, nestlings and eggs. The red-legged cormorant's threat display appears to be underdeveloped, consisting only of gaping and thrusting the bill towards the intruder. This could be due to its solitary life and lack of predators.
References
Further reading
red-legged cormorant
Birds of Peru
Birds of Chile
Birds of Patagonia
Western South American coastal birds
Southeastern South American coastal fauna
red-legged cormorant
red-legged cormorant
red-legged cormorant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jos De Mey (Sint-Denijs-Westrem, 10 February 1928 – Ghent, 22 December 2007) was a Flemish-Belgian painter. He is primarily known for depictions of impossible objects in a photo-realistic style, with acrylic paintings constituting the majority of his work. He frequently depicted characters of other artists – notably Magritte, M. C. Escher, and Bruegel.
Prior to his focus on painting he taught and studied at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Ghent. At the time of his death De Mey resided in Zomergem, Belgium.
External links
An unofficial online gallery
planetperplex.com gallery
1928 births
2007 deaths
20th-century Belgian painters
Hongkou Football Stadium () is an interchange station between Lines 3 and 8 on the Shanghai Metro. The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to ; the interchange with Line 8 opened on 29 December 2007 as part of that line's initial section from to .
To interchange between these two lines it is unnecessary to exit the station and re-enter, though the platform for Line 3 is located above ground, while the platform for Line 8 is entirely underground, there has been escalators in the fare area since 2012, incorporated into the recently built Hongkou Plaza shopping mall.
Furthermore, the Line 3 platform has no barrier-free ground access, preventing transfers by disabled people without assistance.
Station Layout
Places nearby
Hongkou Stadium, a large soccer stadium. There are 3 squash courts inside and a climbing wall that has been rebuilt in December 2008.
Lu Xun Park
Duolun Road Cultural Street
Shanghai International Studies University, Dalian Road Campus
Bus station with regional buses to places in the vicinity of Shanghai like Songjiang and Zhujiajiao (less than at Shanghai Stadium)
Surface transport
Passengers may transfer to bus lines 21, 51, 52, 70, 132, 139, 167, 502, 537, 597, 854, Overnight Bus Routes 310 and 329, Airport Bus #4 (for Pudong International Airport), and a "lightering" bus route for Shanghai Metro Line 8 () which runs from People's Square to Yueyang Hospital (), only during rush hours.
References
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Line 8, Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Hongkou District
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Mansonia altissima is a species of tree native to western and Central Africa.
Distribution
Mansonia altissima ranges across west-central Africa, including parts of Benin, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Nigeria, and Togo.
A subspecies, Mansonia altissima var. altissima, is native to disturbed areas and forest clearings in lowland moist forests. Its range includes portions of Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Benin, Nigeria, Cameroon, and Republic of the Congo. It is experiencing habitat loss and fragmentation across its range, and is considered Endangered.
References
Flora of West Tropical Africa
Afrotropical realm flora
Helicteroideae
Inverse method may refer to:
The inverse transform sampling method
The inverse method in automated reasoning
Rani Mahal is an upcoming Indian television series, which will air on Sony Entertainment Television (India) and Sony Entertainment Television Asia. Many news sources claimed that this show is an Indian adaptation of American fantasy drama series Game of Thrones which based on best-selling novel A Song of Ice and Fire, which has been denied by Sony Entertainment Television (India) and Lost Boy Productions.
Cast
Yuvraj Thakur
Anita Hassanandani
Ankita Lokhande
VJ Bani
Reena Roy as Raj Mata
References
External links
Official website
2015 Indian television series debuts
Hindi-language television shows
Sony Entertainment Television original programming
Game of Thrones
The slender-billed scimitar babbler (Pomatorhinus superciliaris) is a passerine bird in the Old World babbler family. It is found from the Himalayas to north-western Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The slender-billed scimitar babbler was formerly placed in the monotypic genus Xiphirhynchus. It was moved to Pomatorhinus based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study of the babblers published in 2009 that showed that it nested within a clade with other members of Pomatorhinus.
References
BirdLife International 2004. Xiphirhynchus superciliaris. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 27 July 2007.
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
slender-billed scimitar babbler
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Myanmar
slender-billed scimitar babbler
slender-billed scimitar babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tom Jones Live in Las Vegas is a live album recorded at The Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada during the summer of 1969, and released in November 1969.
Performed and recorded during one of the peaks of his popularity, due to his TV series, This is Tom Jones (from 1969 to 1971) and several hit singles in the late 1960s ("It's Not Unusual", "What's New Pussycat?", "Green, Green Grass of Home", "Love Me Tonight"), Tom Jones and his accompanying band, led by Johnnie Spence, gave a tight and highly energetic performance. Jones' band featured some of the top studio musicians of the day, including Big Jim Sullivan on guitar and Chris Slade (The Firm, AC/DC) on drums. Jones acknowledged these musicians to the audience at the beginning of the sixth track, "Danny Boy" - stating "I brought with me from England three of the finest musicians that we have there...on drums, we have Chris, on bass, we have John, and on lead guitar, we have Jimmy." Typically a harsh critic of inferior music, Buddy Rich, on The Mike Douglas Show in 1971, stated "The band that plays behind Tom Jones is one of the great bands of all time."
The last track on Side 1, "I'll Never Fall in Love Again", is the 45 single released in 1967, but in a slightly different mix and has applause overdubbed in the studio. The reason for the inclusion of this track is because it had never previously been on a Jones album.
This record was another bonus to Jones' career, peaking at #2 in the UK and #3 in the US. It remains his highest charting album in the United States.
Track listing
Personnel
Tom Jones – lead vocals
Johnnie Spence – conductor, arranger
John Rostill – bass guitar
Big Jim Sullivan – lead guitar
Chris Slade – drums
Technical
Terry O'Neill - photography
References
Tom Jones (singer) albums
Albums recorded at the Flamingo Las Vegas
1969 live albums
albums produced by Peter Sullivan (record producer)
Loch of Aboyne is a shallow, artificial formed, freshwater loch in Grampian, Scotland. It lies northeast of Aboyne and west-southwest of Aberdeen. An earthen dam was constructed around 1834 to retain the loch. It also served as a reservoir for a nearby mill.
Survey
The loch was surveyed on 13 July 1905 by T.N. Johnston and L.W. Collett and later charted as part of the Sir John Murray's Bathymetrical Survey of Fresh-Water Lochs of Scotland 1897-1909.
Flora and fauna
The loch was designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest in 1984 owing to its aquatic flora and fauna and rich reedbed and fen vegetation. It has one of the finest submerged floras in the area with 8 species of pondweeds. There is a high diversity of leeches and pond snails and modest numbers of passage
and wintering wildfowl including wigeon, goosander and whooper swans. It provides a valuable habitat for waterfowl and other birds, with Osprey regularly seen plucking fish from the water. It is also an important site for butterflies.
Leisure and recreation
Aberdeen Waterski and Wakeboard Club uses the loch for its activities and the club was also responsible for repairing the dam in the late 1980s. In winter, when ice forms on the loch, it is used for curling. A bonspiel was held here in 1891 and the Aboyne Curling Club had its own private railway station named Aboyne Curling Pond railway station, the remains of which can still be seen.
Fishing is available by permit and the existing stock of perch, pike and eels was supplemented in 2002 and 2003 with common roach, bream, ide and carp. On the north shore of the loch is the Aboyne Golf Club and course. The Aboyne Loch Caravan Park lies on a peninsula which extends into the loch, and The Lodge on the Loch health spa is located on the north shore.
References
See also
List of reservoirs and dams in the United Kingdom
Aboyne
Aboyne
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Scotland
Dee Basin
Khambhat (, ), also known as Cambay, is a city and the surrounding urban agglomeration in Anand district in the Indian state of Gujarat. It was once an important trading center, but its harbour gradually silted up, and the maritime trade moved to Surat. Khambat lies on an alluvial plain at the north end of the Gulf of Khambhat, noted for the extreme rise and fall of its tides, which can vary as much as thirty feet in the vicinity of Khambat. Khambat is known for its halvasan sweet, sutarfeni, akik stone and kites (patang), and for sources of oil and gas.
Khambat is perhaps the only place in India where the Harappan craft of agate bead making is found in the living tradition. Surprisingly Khambat has no stone deposits; the craft has survived mainly through acquiring stones from the Rajpipla hills, about 200 km away from the city. In the folklore of Khambat, the beginning of the craft is attributed to Baba Ghor, a 1500 AD saint from Ethiopia (Habash) who had led a large contingent of Muslims (Siddi) to settle in the city. However, in the archaeological record the origin of the craft can be traced to nearby Lothal, a Harappan outpost that flourished about 4000 years ago.
Toponymy
Origin of name
Some people believe that the City of Khambat may be the Camanes of Ptolemy. James Tod believed that the name comes from the Sanskrit Khambavati or 'City of the Pillar'.
Variants of name
Cambay
Historical
Cambaet of Marco Polo
Cambaia of Duarte Barbosa
Cambeth of Marino Sanudo
Trambavati of Tod
Kambáya
Combea
Quambaya
Camanes of Ptolemy
History
Cambay was formerly a flourishing city, the seat of an extensive trade, and celebrated for its manufactures of silk, chintz and gold stuffs. The Arab traveler al-Mas'udi visited the city in 915 AD, describing it as a very successful port; it was mentioned in 1293 by Marco Polo, who, calling it Cambaet, noted it as a busy port. He mentions that the city had its own king. Indigo and fine buckram were particular products of the region, but much cotton and leather was exported through Cambay. In the early 1340s, the Moroccan traveller Ibn Battuta remarked on its impressive architecture and cosmopolitan population. "Cambay is one of the most beautiful cities as regards the artistic architecture of its houses and the construction of its mosques. The reason is that the majority of its inhabitants are foreign merchants, who continually build there beautiful houses and wonderful mosques -- an achievement in which they endeavour to surpass each other."An Italian traveler, Marino Sanudo, said that Cambeth was one of India's main two ocean ports. Another Italian, visiting in about 1440, Niccolò de' Conti, mentions that the walls of the city were twelve miles in circumference. The Kothi gateway traditionally believed to be constructed by an English factory is in fact a 14th-century gate, probably dating to the 1330s, of Tughluq era.
The Portuguese explorer Duarte Barbosa visited the city, which he calls Cambaia, in the early sixteenth century.
His description of the city is very full. He states:
"Entering by Guindarim [Gandhar port, Bharuch], which is within on the river, there is a great and fair city called Cambaia in which dwell both 'mouros' [Muslims] and 'gentios' [Hindus]. Therein are many fair houses, very lofty, with windows and roofed with tiles in our manner, well laid out with streets and fine open places, and great buildings of stone and mortar."(translation of )He describes the city as very busy and affluent, with merchants coming frequently by sea from the world around. Duarte Barbosa also noted that many ships from the Kingdom of Cambaya sailed to the Sultanate of Mogadishu in the Horn of Africa with cloths and spices for which they in return received gold, wax and ivory.
Owing principally to the gradually increasing difficulty of access by water by the silting up of the gulf, its commerce has long since fallen away, and the City became poor and dilapidated. The spring tides rise upwards of 30 ft (10 m) and in a channel usually so shallow that it is a serious danger to shipping. By 1900, the trade was chiefly confined to the export of cotton. The City was celebrated for its manufacture of agate and carnelian ornaments, of reputation, principally in China.
The houses in many instances are built of stone (a circumstance which indicates the former wealth of the city, as the material had to be brought from a very considerable distance); and remains of a brick wall, three miles (five km) in circumference, which formerly surrounded the City, enclose four large reservoirs of good water and three bazaars. To the southeast there are very extensive ruins of subterranean temples and other buildings half-buried in the sand by which the ancient City was overwhelmed. These temples belong to the Jains and contain two massive statues of their deities: one black, the other white. The principal one, as the inscription intimates, is Pariswanath or Parswanath, carved in the reign of the emperor Akbar; the black one has the date of 1651 inscribed.
A few members of Shia community settled in Khambhat during 18th century from Iran. Among these the most known was Nawab Mohammed Jaffar Ali Khan Najamesani and his son Nawab Yavar Ali khan Najamesani. Nawab Yavar Ali khan Najamesani ruled 84 villages when he was crowned as a Nawab. Nawab Yavar Ali Khan was titled Sarkar Sahab (Governing Prince), because he was able to maintain peace and unity. The name Cambay to Khambhat was also given by Nawab Yavar Ali Khan during Pre-independence period. Nawab Yavar Ali Khan passed away in July 1996. His family still lives in Khambhat.
Hub of mercantile activity
The traders and the merchants reached here from across the world. Cambay was known for its cotton and silk cloths. Cambay was one of India's most active trade center since the 14th century (Source: Ibn Battuta). After 200 years, Duarte Barbosa described Cambay as an important commercial center with carpets, and other textile goods in Mughal established industries.
Cambay cloth
Cambay was famous for its cloth manufacturing and trading activities. There were certain coarse cotton cloths which were called Cambay cloth. For instance, the checked cloths. There are records of extensive trading of Gujarati Cambay cloth.
Princely State of Cambay
Khambat was the capital of Cambay State, a princely state of British India. It was the only state in the Kaira Agency of the Gujarat division of the Bombay Presidency. It had an area of . It was founded in 1730, at the time of the dismemberment of the Mughal Empire. The Nawabs of Cambay were descendants of Mumin Khan, the last of the Mughal governors of Gujarat, who in 1742 defeated his brother-in-law Nizam Khan, governor of Khambhat, and established himself there.
The sport of cricket in India was first played in Cambay State in 1721.
In 1780 Cambay was taken by the army of general Goddard Richards, but it was restored to the Marathas in 1783. Finally it was ceded to the British by the Peshwa under the treaty of 1803. The state was provided with a railway in 1901.
Geography and Climate
Khambhat is at . It has an average elevation of 8 metres (26 feet).
Khambhat has warm and humid climate. It is located on the plains. The land on which Khambhat sits is the silt deposited by Mahi River, so Khambhat has very fertile, wet coastal alluvial soil. The area south of Khambhat is muddy wetlands and then coastline comes. Normally April to June is summer. From July, it rains until September. It has a muggy climate for most of the year except winters. Sometimes Khambhat receives heavy rain, and surrounding areas get affected from floods in the Mahi River. Mid November to January is winter, which results in essentially mild cold during the nights and early mornings with warm noons. Maximum average temperatures are 25 to 30 degrees Celsius and minimum average temperatures are 10 to 12 C. Summer maximum average temperatures are 38 C and minimum around 22 C. In summer, high winds are common. Khambhat coast's tides are among the highest in the world. It runs up to 35 feet.
Demographics
As of 2011 India census, Khambhat had a population of 201,964. Males constitute 52% of the population and females 48%. Khambhat has an average literacy rate of 73%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 78%, and female literacy is 67%. In Khambhat, 10% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Economy
In the 14th and 15th centuries, Khambhat was well known for Muslim gravestones carved in marble which were exported to various locations along the Indian Ocean rim, including Southeast Asia.
Many here are in the agate business, diamond cutting-polishing & colored stone business (mainly ruby), and have shops which sell eatables and household products. Kite making is another important business in the City among few particular communities. Fishing and salt harvesting are other businesses some particular communities are occupied with.
Transport
Railway
Khambhat is connected with Anand by Railway Line.
Total 8 trains depart per day for Anand.
Road
Khambhat is connected with Tarapur, Dharmaj, Vataman, Petlad, Nadiad, Anand, and Dali by Regional roads.
Schools
Adarsh Saraswati Vidhya Mandir, NAGRA
Bits Education High School
Chachaldeep Vidyavihar, NANAKALODRA
Dr. J.B. Patel Primary School, ALING
Harsh Balvatika, NANAKALODRA
Jalsan High School, JALSAN
Kendriya Vidyalaya ONGC (CBSE)
Lok Jagruti High School
M.T. High School
Madhavlal Shah High School
Metpur High School
N.A. Patel Shishuvidhyalay, NANAKALODRA
RC Mission School
S.B. Vakil Primary School (English Medium)
S.D. Kapadiya High School
Shree S.K. Vaghela High School
Shree S.Z. Vaghela High School (Science + Common Stream)
Smt. B.C.J. High School, JALUNDH, PIPLOI
Smt. K.M.J. Patel High School, SAYAMA (Arts + Commerce Stream)
St Xavier's High School (Science + Common Stream)
Supath High School
Vatsalya International School
Colleges
L.B. Rao Institute of Pharmaceutical Education
Nav Jagruti Arts & Commerce College for Women
R.P. Arts, K.B. Commerce & B.C.J. Science College
Shri M N College of Pharmacy
Smt. B.C.J. College of Education
Tourism
Babu Shah Baba
Dariyai Uttarayana (Organized on first Sunday after Uttarayana at Seashore)
Jain Derasar
Jami Masjid
Saiyed Miran Ali and Wali
Sikotar Mata Mandir, Ralaj
Swaminarayan Mandir
Marine archeology
In May 2001, India's Union Minister for Human Resource Development, Science and Technology division, Murli Manohar Joshi, announced that the ruins of an ancient civilization had been discovered off the coast of Gujarat, in the Gulf of Khambhat. The site was discovered by NIOT while they performed routine pollution studies using SONAR, and was described as an area of regularly spaced geometric structures. It is located 20 km from the Gujarat coast, spans 9 km, and can be found at a depth of 30–40 meters. In his announcement, Joshi represented the site as an urban settlement that pre-dates the Indus Valley civilization. However, these claims were made without the backing of any experts and have since been debunked by prominent archaeologists.
See also
Khambatta
References
External links
Gulf of Khambhat
Cities and towns in Anand district
Sequoia Hall is the home of the Statistics Department on the campus of Stanford University in Stanford, California.
History
In 1891, the original building opened as Roble Hall, a three-story women's dormitory. Roble Hall housed the first women admitted to Stanford. In 1917, a new women's dormitory also called Roble Hall was constructed on another part of campus and the earlier building was renamed Sequoia Hall and renovated as a men's dormitory. During World War I, Sequoia Hall was used by the Army for officers attending the War Department civilian defense school.
In the 1930s and 1940s, Sequoia Hall fell into disrepair and was vacant by 1945. In 1957, the building was deemed an earthquake hazard. The top two stories of the building were demolished and the bottom floor was renovated. The renovated building became home to the Statistics Department.
In the late 1980s, Stanford University began planning a $120 million Science and Engineering Quad (SEQ) Project, scheduled to be completed by 1999. Part of this project included the construction of a new building for Statistics. On August 22, 1996, the original Sequoia Hall was demolished to make way for the new facility. The new Sequoia Hall opened January 17, 1998 on an adjacent site. The facility is current home to the Statistics Department.
Further reading
External links
Official website of the Statistics Department at Stanford University
Residential buildings completed in 1917
School buildings completed in 1998
Stanford University buildings and structures
Incheh Sabolagh (, also Romanized as Īncheh Sābolāgh and Īncheh Sāblāgh) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 358, in 98 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Babura is a large village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 28,412, in 4,291 households. That year, it was the most populous village in Bhojpur district.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Andy Strangeway (born 1965 in Londesborough, East Riding of Yorkshire) is a decorator and adventurer from the Yorkshire Wolds. He has landed and slept on all 162 of Scotland's islands of 100 acres (40 hectares) and above. He completed this challenge on 29 August 2007 after landing on Soay, St. Kilda the day before.
On Saturday 8 August 2009, upon landing Out Stack, Strangeway claimed to be the first person to land the four extreme points of Scotland. However, as he has not yet landed on Rockall, this claim is disputed. On 10 May 2010, Strangeway claimed to have successfully applied for the first ever planning permission for Rockall to replace the Queen's plaque. He intended to do this 2011 but abandoned the trip. However, Tom McClean had in fact applied successfully for consent for his temporary shelter in 1985.
Upon landing and sleeping on the southerly point of Yorkshire on 5/6 February 2011 Strangeway became the first person to not only sleep on the summits of the three Ridings but also the first person to sleep on the seven extreme points of Yorkshire. On 31 August 2011 Strangeway became the first person to sleep at each of the six extreme points of Great Britain solo on consecutive nights. In September 2012, he became the first person to sleep on the summit of all 52 counties of England and Wales.
Strangeway is access rights campaigner. In June 2012, he successfully campaigned for the removal of 69 No Overnight Parking signs on trunk roads in the Highlands. He followed this in September 2012 by successfully campaigning for an estimated 250 No Overnight Parking signs to be removed from non-trunk roads across the Highlands.
On 7 May 2015, Strangeway stood as the UK Independence Party candidate for the Wolds Weighton ward of East Riding of Yorkshire Council, finishing fourth in the three-member ward with 1,915 votes. As an independent candidate, he was elected for the Pocklington Provincial ward in a by-election on 7 April 2016.
Standing in the May 2019 election, he lost his place and is no longer a councillor.
Notes
References
Scottish Island Explorer magazine January–February 2008
External links
Andy Strangeway Official site
Profile of Strangeway from The Guardian
BBC Radio4 youandyours interview
Tayside and Fife Courier feature article
BBC Scotland
BBC In Pictures feature
1965 births
Living people
People from Londesborough
Painters and decorators
Councillors in the East Riding of Yorkshire
UK Independence Party politicians
Do You Believe Me Now is the second studio album of American country music singer Jimmy Wayne. It was released on August 26, 2008. The album is also Wayne's first album in five years and his debut for Valory Music Group, a subsidiary of Big Machine Records. Its title track was released as the lead-off single to the album, and became Wayne's first and only Number One single on the Hot Country Songs chart. "I Will" was released in October 2008 as the album's second single. It also includes re-recordings of Wayne's first two singles, "Stay Gone" and "I Love You This Much", previously included on his 2003 self-titled debut. Dave Pahanish and Joe West produced the album except tracks 3, 5, and 9, which were produced by Mark Bright.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from Do You Believe Me Now liner notes.
Musicians
Tim Akers - keyboards (3, 5, 9)
Tom Bukovac - electric guitar (2, 4, 5, 6, 8, 9)
Mark Burch - strings (11, 12)
Jake Clayton - fiddle (10-12), mandolin (11, 12)
Eric Darken - percussion (3, 5, 9)
Shannon Forrest - drums (3, 5, 9)
Wes Hightower - background vocals (3, 5, 9)
Mark Hill - bass guitar (2, 4, 8, 11, 12)
Mike Johnson - steel guitar (3, 5, 9)
Charlie Judge - strings (2)
Billy Kirsch - piano (2, 7, 11, 12), strings (7)
Patty Loveless - duet vocal (7)
John Oates - background vocals (10)
Dave Pahanish - acoustic guitar (1, 2, 4, 6-8, 10-12), banjo (1, 4, 10), background vocals (1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10-12), electric guitar (1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10), high-strung guitar (1), mandolin (1, 2, 4, 7, 10)
Jeanne Richardson - background vocals (2)
John Richarsdon - drums (1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 8, 10-12), percussion (7), congas (12)
Scotty Sanders - steel guitar (1, 2, 4, 6-8, 10, 11)
Jimmie Lee Sloas - bass guitar (3, 5, 9)
Biff Watson - acoustic guitar (3, 5, 9)
Jimmy Wayne - acoustic guitar (1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10)
Joe West - acoustic guitar (1), background vocals (1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12), bass guitar (1, 6, 7, 10), electric guitar (1, 2, 4, 6-8, 10-12), Hammond B-3 organ (1, 2, 4, 6-8, 10), high-strung guitar (1, 11), percussion (1, 2, 4, 6-8, 10-12), piano (1, 2, 4, 10), programming (2, 4, 6, 7, 10-12), Rhodes piano (2), synthesizer (2, 4, 10)
Jonathan Yudkin - fiddle (3, 9), violin (5), viola (5), cello (5), string bass (5), mandolin (5, 9)
Technical
Chris Ashburn - assistant (3, 5, 9)
Derek Bason - recording (3, 5, 9), mixing (3, 5, 9)
Scott Borchetta - executive producer
Mark Bright - producer (3, 5, 9)
Dave Brown - additional engineering (7)
Jason Campbell - production coordinator (1, 2, 4, 6-8, 10-12)
Mike "Frog" Griffith - production coordinator (3, 5, 9)
Charlie Judge - string arrangement (2)
Billy Kirsch - string arrangement (7)
Brent Newberry - assistant (1), additional engineering (1, 4, 6, 8, 10-12), Pro Tools (2, 4, 6, 8, 10-12)
Dave Pahanish - producer (1, 2, 4, 6-8, 10-12)
Cord Phillips - recording (2, 4, 6-8, 10-12), Pro Tools (2, 4, 6-8, 10-12)
Matt Pool - assistant (2, 4, 6-8, 10-12)
J.R. Rodriguez - additional recording (3, 5, 9)
Chase Sampson - assistant (2, 4, 6-8, 10-12)
Al Theurer - additional engineering (7)
Joe West - producer (1, 2, 4, 6-8, 10-12), recording (1, 2, 4, 6-8, 10-12), mixing (1, 2, 4, 6-8, 10-12), string arrangement (2)
Zachary West - assistant (2, 4, 6-8, 10-12)
Cole Wright - production assistant (1), additional engineering (2, 4, 6, 8, 10-12)
Hank Williams - mastering (all tracks)
Chart performance
The album debuted at number 27 on the Billboard 200 album chart, and number 4 on the Top Country Albums chart, selling 20,000 copies in its first week of sales.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2008 albums
Jimmy Wayne albums
Big Machine Records albums
Henry John Torre (24 February 1819 – 2 February 1904) was an English first-class cricketer and clergyman.
The son of Henry Torre senior, he was born at Doncaster in February 1819. He was educated at Harrow School, before going up to University College, Oxford. While studying at Oxford, he made his debut in first-class cricket for the Marylebone Cricket Club against Oxford University in 1839. He followed his up by playing for Oxford University against Cambridge University in that seasons University Match. He played four further first-class appearances for Oxford, playing three matches in 1840 and a single match in 1841. In six first-class matches, Torre scored 123 runs at an average of 11.18 and a high score of 23. He was a member of the University College Boat Club, which was Head of the River in 1840–41.
After graduating from Oxford, he took holy orders in the Church of England. Torre's first ecclesiastical post was as private secretary and domestic chaplain to Viscount Falkland from 1843–46. He held the locum post of chaplain to the forces at Corfu in 1846. From 1861–81, he was the chaplain of the chapel of Wroxall Abbey, after which he was the rector of Norton Lindsey, Warwickshire. He was the author of the book Recollections of Schooldays at Harrow more than Fifty Years Ago. Torre died at Norton Lindsey in February 1904.
References
External links
1819 births
1904 deaths
Cricketers from Doncaster
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of University College, Oxford
English cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
19th-century English Anglican priests
English military chaplains
20th-century English Anglican priests
Charles Clinton Spaulding (August 1, 1874 – August 1, 1952) was an American business leader. For close to thirty years, he presided over North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company, which became America's largest black-owned business, with assets of over US$40million at his death.
Biography
Spaulding was born in Columbus County, North Carolina to Benjamin Mack Spaulding, Senior (1845–1921) and Margaret Ann Virginia Moore (1849–1920).
He started out as a dishwasher and became general manager of a grocery company. In 1898, John Merrick, the owner of several barber shops, and Aaron M. Moore, a practicing physician, founded an insurance company, then named North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association. Merrick and Moore employed Spaulding in 1899 and he soon became general manager. After Moore's death in 1923, Spaulding took over as NC Mutual's president, serving until 1952.
The company specialized in "industrial insurance", which was basically burial insurance. The company hired salesmen whose main job was to collect small payments (of about 10 cents) to cover the insured person for the next week. If the person did die while insured, the company immediately paid benefits of about 100 dollars. This covered the cost of a suitable funeral, which was a high-prestige item in the black community.
Spaulding died on his 78th birthday in Durham, North Carolina.
Leadership roles
Spaulding provided leadership in the National Negro Insurance Association and the National Negro Bankers Association by 1920. In 1942, the New York Chamber of Commerce, mainly a white body, elected him to membership. He served as a trustee for Howard University, Shaw University, and North Carolina College at Durham.
He was also active in politics. He helped establish the Durham Committee on Negro Affairs in 1935, serving as its first chairman. As national chairman of the Urban League's Emergency Advisory Council from 1930 to 1939, he campaigned to secure New Deal jobs for African-Americans.
Awards and honors
In 1926 Spaulding was awarded the Harmon Foundation Gold Medal for distinguished achievement in business. Shaw University, Tuskegee Institute and Atlanta University conferred honorary Doctorates of Law on him.
Spaulding was recognized alongside John Merrick and Richard Fitzgerald as Main Honorees by the Sesquicentennial Honors Commission at the Durham 150 Closing Ceremony in Durham, NC on November 2, 2019. The posthumous recognition was bestowed upon the group for their contributions to Durham as innovative leaders who established one of the nation's strongest African American entrepreneurial enclaves.
Notes
Sources
The African American Registry
Great People of Color
Further reading
.
Weare, Walter B. Black Business in the New South: A Social History of the North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company (Univ of Illinois Press, 1973).
American business executives
American businesspeople in insurance
Clark Atlanta University alumni
Tuskegee University alumni
1874 births
1952 deaths
African-American businesspeople
20th-century African-American people
Spaulding family
Franklin Lofts, originally known as the Lomas & Nettleton Building, is an 8-story, building in downtown Houston, Texas. The building is generally regarded as the first skyscraper in the city. The Lomas & Nettleton Building was completed in 1904, and rises 8 floors in height. A new addition was completed in 1925. It was also the tallest steel-framed building west of the Mississippi River at the time of its completion.
The Lomas & Nettleton Company was originally housed in the building, but it was converted to residential lofts and renamed in 1999.
Zoned schools
Franklin Lofts is within the Houston Independent School District. As of 2015 the building is assigned to Gregory Lincoln Education Center (Grades K-8), and Northside High School (formerly Jefferson Davis High).
Residents were previously zoned to Bruce Elementary School, and E. O. Smith Education Center (for middle school).
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Houston
References
External links
Franklin Lofts
Buildings and structures in Houston
Sanguinet & Staats buildings
Downtown Houston
"One Door Closes" is the fifteenth episode of the second season of the American television series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), revolving around the character of Phil Coulson and his team of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents as they face a rival faction of S.H.I.E.L.D. It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the films of the franchise. The episode was written by Lauren LeFranc and Rafe Judkins, and directed by David Solomon.
Clark Gregg reprises his role as Coulson from the film series, and is joined by series regulars Ming-Na Wen, Brett Dalton, Chloe Bennet, Iain De Caestecker, Elizabeth Henstridge, Nick Blood, and Adrianne Palicki. Lucy Lawless, whose character both debuted and was killed in the season premiere, returns in flashbacks during the episode.
"One Door Closes" originally aired on ABC on March 31, 2015, and according to Nielsen Media Research, was watched by 4.26 million viewers.
Plot
On the day S.H.I.E.L.D. fell, S.H.I.E.L.D. engineer Mack is saved from Hydra double agents by agents Bobbi Morse and Isabelle Hartley, who have infiltrated the devastated S.H.I.E.L.D. aircraft carrier Iliad on former director Nick Fury's orders to save the commanding officer, Robert Gonzales, and to sink the ship and its sensitive cargo and give S.H.I.E.L.D. at large a chance to survive against Hydra. They find Gonzales with a severely wounded leg, and struggle to assist him. Morse plans for Hartley to clear the way for Mack to get Gonzales to safety, while she sinks the ship, but when Hartley finds other S.H.I.E.L.D. agents fighting back against Hydra, she and Mack convince Morse and Gonzales to help them rather than kill them by sinking the ship, going against Fury's orders. This was the beginning of their own faction of S.H.I.E.L.D., one that is against Fury and his secrets.
In the present day, Morse steals the "toolbox" that Fury gave new director Phil Coulson, but is confronted by May, while Coulson confronts Mack about his allegiances. Morse and May fight, but when reinforcements arrive to help May, Morse overrides the bases systems, creating an opportunity for herself and Mack to escape capture. At "The Retreat", a safe house for people with abilities that Bruce Banner created for himself, Agent Skye tries on the gloves that Agent Jemma Simmons created for her, intended to inhibit her new-found earthquake abilities. Though they assist with dampening the vibrations, they cause light headedness in Skye. She is visited by Gordon, a teleporting man with no eyes who explains how her gift can be used for good, tapping into the vibrations of all things. He offers to take her to a safe place where people like them can help her master these powers, and leaves her to make her own decision.
Simmons manages to detain Morse when the latter underestimates her, but when May finds a gas mask in Morse's possession, they realize that Morse and Mack never intended to escape. Dendrotoxin gas fills the base, knocking all those inside, bar May, unconscious. The agents of "the real S.H.I.E.L.D." that Morse and Mack work for entering the base and take control. Agent Tomas Calderon learns of Skye's whereabouts and asks to lead a team to detain her. Morse decides to go with him. At the cabin, Skye removes the gloves and successfully manipulates the movements of water, realizing that Gordon was right. Soon after, May calls her to warn of the incoming danger.
Gonzales explains to Coulson that they want his help in opening the toolbox, to ensure that none of Fury's secrets can harm S.H.I.E.L.D. or the rest of the world again. Coulson refuses to help, and May arrives, knocking Gonzales out and helping Coulson escape, before surrendering to Agent Anne Weaver. Skye runs from the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents hunting her, who Morse has ordered to use knock out bullets rather than real ones, as Skye is a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent just like them. Calderon, who has had bad experiences with gifted individuals before, tries to shoot Skye with a real gun, and as she attempts to defend herself, her abilities bring down a large section of the surrounding forest. A branch hits Calderon in the chest and Skye, horrified at what she can do, calls to Gordon for help. He promptly appears, and takes her away.
In an end tag, Coulson meets up with Lance Hunter, who agrees to become a permanent S.H.I.E.L.D. agent, and the two begin planning their next move.
Production
Development
In March 2015, Marvel announced that the fifteenth episode of the season would be titled "One Door Closes", to be written by Lauren LeFranc and Rafe Judkins, with David Solomon directing.
Casting
In March 2015, Marvel revealed that main cast members Clark Gregg, Ming-Na Wen, Chloe Bennet, Iain De Caestecker, Elizabeth Henstridge, Nick Blood, and Adrianne Palicki would star as Phil Coulson, Melinda May, Skye, Leo Fitz, Jemma Simmons, Lance Hunter, and Bobbi Morse, respectively. It was also revealed that the guest cast for the episode would include Henry Simmons as Alphonso "Mack" MacKenzie, Lucy Lawless as Isabelle Hartley, Edward James Olmos as Robert Gonzales, Jamie Harris as Gordon, Christine Adams as Agent Weaver, Kirk Acevedo as Agent Calderon, Cornelius Smith Jr. as Case, Sai Rao as Susanna, Mackenzie Astin as Tim Maguire and Rick Otto as lead Hydra agent. Smith and Rao did not receive guest star credit in the episode. Simmons, Lawless, Olmos, Harris, Adams, and Acevedo reprise their roles from earlier in the series. Main cast member Brett Dalton, who portrays Grant Ward in the series, does not appear in the episode.
Marvel Cinematic Universe tie-ins
This episode reveals that the safe house Skye is staying in, called "The Retreat", is also known as "the House that Banner Built", referring to Bruce Banner / Hulk, portrayed by Mark Ruffalo in the Avengers films.
Release
Broadcast
"One Door Closes" was first aired in the United States on ABC on March 31, 2015.
Marketing
For the final twelve episodes of the season Marvel once again ran the "Art of..." initiative, in which an image was released the Thursday before the episode aired, depicting a first look at a key event from the upcoming episode, with the season's title being "The Art of Evolution". The different artists were once again chosen to create the teaser posters, based on their previous work and how it connected to the themes and emotion of the intended episode. "One Door Closes", an episode focused on Bobbi Morse's history, received a poster of her with the "real S.H.I.E.L.D." logo, that "embraced the basics" of four-color printing, utilizing magenta, cyan, black and yellow, while still having layers and complications, much like the character of Morse. The poster was designed by Delicious Design League, who is a executive producer Jeffrey Bell explained were chosen because "We try to come up with what would be a good fit based on the artist. And what I like about this image, and what I like about them in general, is if you look at their work … from a distance, it's a simple, clean graphic. It's visually striking. And you get close, and there's just a ton of stuff going on. There's just lots of detail, lots of little things, lots of movement, and I do love that ... in printing, these are process colors: magenta, cyan, black and yellow. Those are the basics of all four-color printing. And the fact they sort of embraced the basics like that, kept the basics there and then threw overlaying and complications and made it so much more than that, I think also speaks to the character".
Home media
The episode began streaming on Netflix on June 11, 2015, and was released along with the rest of the second season on September 18, 2015, on Blu-ray and DVD.
Reception
Ratings
In the United States the episode received a 1.4/4 percent share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49, meaning that it was seen by 1.4 percent of all households, and 4 percent of all of those watching television at the time of the broadcast. It was watched by 4.26 million viewers.
Accolades
In June 2016, IGN ranked the episode as the sixth best in the series.
References
External links
"One Door Closes" at ABC
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (season 2) episodes
2015 American television episodes
Television episodes written by Rafe Judkins
The Peel Trident is the second three-wheeled microcar made by the Peel Engineering Company on the Isle of Man. An all-new design from its one-seat counterpart the Peel P50, the Trident has two seats.
History
The Trident was launched at the 1964 British Motorcycle Show held at Earls Court. The seat, stated as being wide, was intended to provide for use as an occasional two-seater.
A completely new design from the earlier side-engined Peel P50 microcar, the Trident was manufactured in 1965 and 1966.
In 2011, Peel Engineering Ltd. reinstated manufacture of the Peel Trident and P50, in Sutton-in-Ashfield, near Nottingham, England. All vehicles are hand-built to order in petrol and electric form.
Description and specifications
The glass-fibre shell was a monocoque with coil-sprung, undamped wheels. It featured a clear bubble top and either two seats or one seat with a detachable shopping basket.
The Lakeland Motor Museum observes that the Trident's bubble top constituted grounds for its sobriquet "The Terrestrial Flying Saucer." Like its predecessor, it was marketed as a "shopping car" or a "Saloon Scooter".
The car is long and wide, with a weight of . Like the P50, it uses a DKW engine which generates , and a top speed of . It was advertised that the Trident got , "almost cheaper than walking". The original retail price was £190.
All engines supplied to Peel from Zweirad Union (for both the P50 and Trident) were of the 49 cc 3-speed 4.2 hp 804–1600 type. Uniquely, however, the Peel engines had the 8th digit as a 4, thus being of the form 80416004***. This car is one of the smallest in the world.
Media appearances
The Trident made a late transatlantic media appearance in the American television series Monster Garage, when a team of engineers and fabricators attempted to fit a high-performance Suzuki Hayabusa superbike engine into the bodywork of a Trident, mounted onto a conventional go-kart frame. The project was a failure, and the unfinished car was destroyed by the show's host Jesse James with a single shot from a .50 caliber sniper rifle.
It also made a brief appearance in the BBC motoring programme Top Gear on BBC Two, when the P50 was featured more extensively and the Trident was introduced as a "sports version". Co-presenter James May described the Peel Trident as "something out of The Jetsons", and co-presenter Jeremy Clarkson described the Trident and the P50 as his perfect two-car garage.
The Trident appeared on the BBC business programme Dragons Den in August 2010. The Trident made another appearance, driven by Rutledge Wood, on the second episode of the third season of Top Gear US.
The vehicle is included in Time magazine's list of the 50 Worst Cars Ever.
The Trident appears in the racing video game Forza Horizon 4 and Forza Horizon 5.
References
External links
Information, photos and factory movie at MicroCarMuseum.com
Peel Cars, includes photographs at their hometown in Isle of Man
Multi-make Microcar Club
Manufacturer of reproduction Tridents P50CARS.com
Peel Microcars, Isle of Man.
Peel Owner's Club Peel Owner's Club - Website for owners of original Peel Tridents and faithful replicas, a source for history, image gallery and spare parts.
Microcars
Three-wheeled motor vehicles
Peel Engineering Company
Peel vehicles
Cars introduced in 1965
Peel, Isle of Man
Callimetopus longicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Bernhard Schwarzer in 1931. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1931
L-Photo-methionine is a photo-reactive amino acid derivative of L-methionine that was synthetically formed in 2005. Protein are long polymer chains of amino acids; which can range in various structures and sizes. Proteins can interact with each other (protein-protein interactions or PPI) and with these interactions, affects cellular interactions and pathways. Such interactions; in viral fusion and in growth-factor signaling looked promising for antiviral or anti-cancer drugs, so research must be done to understand the interactions. With that, research has begun to prove that proteins function in supramolecular complexes compared to isolated entities. So, scientists Monika Suchanek, Anna Radzikowski, and Christoph Thiele researched that the direct way to study these interactions in the natural environment better was to create a new way of photo-cross-linking proteins; which led to the synthesis of L-photo-methionine and in that same study, L-photo-leucine.
Synthesis
Racemic Photo-Methionine is synthesized from 4,4'-azi-pentanal by the Strecker amino acid synthesis. The L enantiomer is separated by enzymatic resolution of the acetamide.
Photoactivation of Methionine
As it was previously mentioned, L-Photo-Methionine can be used to study protein-protein interactions with the proteins in their native environment. How this is possible is how the amino acid behaves when exposed to UV light. To prove that first the synthesis works, a radioactive carbon (14C) as added under its own synthesis to perform proper spectroscopic methods.
The Activation of Photo-Methionine
Because the previous synthesis had worked, photo-methionine is photo-reactive due to the diazirine ring. Once this ring has become exposed to UV light, nitrogen leaves as nitrogen gas (N2) and forms the highly reactive intermediate carbene. Photo-activation of amino acids provide the ability of photo-cross-linking in proteins. This type of cross-linking has three major advantages; there is greater specificity for this cross linking due to the short lived intermediates and that this amino acid is functional, and most importantly; not toxic (meaning it should not disrupt the protein's function or structure dramatically). Research had found that this activation is the rate-limiting step; not the cross-linkage.
A New Efficient Synthesis and Usage
Scientists Miquel Vila-Perello´, Matthew R. Pratt, Frej Tulin, and Tom W. Muir wanted to create an efficient synthesis as the original had required an enzymatic solution and had a low yield. So, they started with L-glutamic acid with protecting groups on both the carboxylic acid (tert-butyl), and Boc on the amine. This synthesis will not undergo detail as the classic, but below is the full synthesis. To find the actual steps, look to the reference.
So, once they had synthesized L-photo-methionine, the yield was 32%, much higher (by six times) the original synthesis. It was used then (with a protection group Fmoc on the amine) which that product underwent more synthetic steps to study if an amino-acid cross linker and a post-translational modification (PTM) could be introduced to the same protein site specifically to capture a covalent interaction of the amino-acid is dependent on the PTM. PTM's regulate protein-protein interactions that have characteristics that are transient and substoichiometric; making these difficult to detect by standard methods. So, in order to see if it would work, the MH2 domain of Smad2 was used because this signaling protein is known to form stable homo-trimers once they come into contact with receptor-phosphorylated serine residues. Expression protein ligation (known as EPL) was used to synthesize to form Smad2-MH2-CSpSM-photo-Met (1). The product was studied with the cross-linker (photo-Met) against a control protein: HA-MH2-CSpSMpS (this lacks photo-methionine, 2) using SDS-PAGE and western blotting using anti-HA antibody. 1 had generated two major cross-linked species that have molecular weight consistent with a dimer and trimer of Smad2-SH2. Without that cross-linker, the dimer and trimer were barely detected in the non-irradiated 1, and in 2 before and after UV irradiation. Proving that l-photo-methionine can be used with EPL and could be used to determine a transient MH2-MH2 interaction that was dependent on a PTM.
Usage of Photo-Methionine
Protein Interactions
Complex and Function of Membrane Protein in Cholesterol Homeostasis
As mentioned before, scientists Monika Suchanek, Anna Radzikowski, and Christoph Thiele wanted to study protein-protein interaction in their natural environment. Specifically, the membrane proteins (in a complex and are SCAP, Insig-1, and SREBP) that regulate cholesterol homeostasis so they wanted to know what their function was and the complex structure. What they had found was that using this photo-reactive amino acid was incorporated efficiently into the protein by mammalian cells, but did not need to use modified tRNAs (transfer RNA's) or AARS's (aminoacyl tRNA synthases) which that allowed the specific cross-linking needed. This cross-linking could be determined by western blotting and they had discovered a direct interaction between Insig-1 and PGRMC1 (a progesterone-binding membrane protein). All four of the membrane proteins are found in the endoplasmic reticulum and the complex responds to low cholesterol levels. Cells (COS7) that had HA (hemagglutinin tagged PGRMC1) and Myc tagged Insig-1 were grown with and without photo-Met. In the presence of photo-Met, Insig-1 and SCAP had cross-linked with PGRMC1; specifically, Insig-1 cross-linked had a strong band. The cross-linking was detected by immunoprecipitating detergent-extracts with an antibody to HA then the precipitant was tested for Insig-1 using western blotting with the antibody for Myc. An identical band was found doing the reverse order of the detection; meaning Myc antibody was immunoprecipitated then followed by blotting with the HA antibody. So, the method had proven to work that photo-Met could cross-link proteins, but the physiological implications of this cross-linking has yet to be determined.
Usage of Protein Nanoprobes to Study Protein-Protein Interactions with Mass Spectrometry
Protein was studied using a protein nanoprobe (that enables cross-linking) that introduced photo-methionine within the protein (during the recombinant expression) which lead to the protein keeping its reserved structure while having the ability to be mapped out for its interactions. The model was used as a region of contact surface that is involved in a well-known interaction (homodimerization) between two molecules of 14-3-3ζ protein. Once the photo-methionine is introduced and has become activated using UV-light, it can cross-link with no specificity (meaning no group) and the links have zero-length. High resolution mass spectrometry or MS can (even MS/MS) be used then to determine the cross-linked residues and the reaction radius; allowing the researchers to characterize and research the homodimerization of the protein. The usage of the high-resolution MS with photo-methionine has its advantages as it again allows the protein to be in its native state, there are reasonable time scales while using small quantities of the protein. There are also fewer limitations on the reaction specificity and restrictions using a photo-active cross-linker (photo-methionine) compared to chemical cross-linking. This method of combined photo-initiated cross-linking from the protein nanoprobe in tandem with MS could be useful to characterize not only homodimer formation but also oligomers and in theory; heteromers (such as the composition of the protein-protein mixture and its functionality).
Ability to Study Cytochrome P450 Electron-Transport Chain using Photo-cytochrome b5
Cytochrome b5 was synthesized with photo-methionine to map the protein-protein interactions while also identifying its structure to study the mammalian mixed function oxidase system (also known as the MFO). This system is located in the membrane of the endoplasmic reticulum and it is composed of cytochrome P450, NADPH: cytochrome P450 reductase, and cytochrome b5 along with NADH: cytochrome b5 reductase. Once the cytochrome b5 complex had photo-methionine incorporated (meaning photo-met was substituted in place of methionine and now photo-cyt b5), photo-cyt b5 and cytochrome P450 were put under UV-light and the products were able to be studied using SDS-Page; this method had shown three cross-links. The photo-methionine had proven successful in mapping photo-cyt b5 as the MALDI-TOF method shown three oligomers (from chymotryptic peptides) that were composed of photo-cyt b5 and cytochrome P450 in molecular weight ratio's of 1:1, 1:2, and 2:1. What makes photo-methionine here so useful in studying cytochrome P450 and cytochrome b5 is that this method not only mapped protein-protein interfaces not only in regions exposed to solvent, but also in the native environment; the membrane. A typical cross-linking method can only work in solvent exposed regions, proving once again that photo-methionine is useful to map these protein-protein interactions with the protein in their native environment.
Protein Structure
Analysis of Nidogen-1 interacting with Laminin γ1
Laminin's are non-collagenous proteins found in basement membranes and form networks through non-covalent self-interactions. Nidogens (also known as entactins) are sulfated monomeric glycoproteins that are ubiquitously present in basement membranes of higher organisms. Nidogens help with the formation of the basement. With both laminins and nidogens present, both interact with each other to have a stoichiometry relationship of 1:1 in a complex. In order to study the short arm of laminin γ1, photo methionine introduced both to nidogen-1, laminin γ1 LEb2-4, and laminin γ1 short arm to see if this photo-cross linking method could map out the structure. MS/MS analysis was done before cross-linking to find only 13-25% of methionine's had been incorporated, but once UV-A-induced or another cross-linker, BS2G-mediated cross-linked (a homobifunctional cross-linker), the percentage of photo-methionine's had increased to 35%. Both cross-linkers had shown extra structural insight both computationally and experimentally to help with understanding the functions.
Revelation of Dimeric Structure and Oligomeric Structure
Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and microsomal prostaglandin E2 synthase-1 (mPGES-1) structures were studied using both photo-methionine (photo-activatable) and bifunctional cross linkers. Photo-methionine used in COX-2 had shown just as the bifunctional cross-linker that there was a dimeric structure which this was consistent with the crystal structure of the enzyme. In mPGES-1, the human cells (A549) had been treated with disuccinimidyl suberate (chemical cross-linker) had yielded a dimer of 33kDa and a trimer of 45kDa while it was treated with photo-methionine had yielded a dimer of the same molecular weight (33kDa) and two putative trimers (50kDa and 55kDa). Once a mPGES-1 inhibitor (MF63) was introduced; this had inhibited the formation of the 50kDa and 55kDa complexes. The dimer and trimer yielded by the chemical cross-linker was not affected by the inhibitor. Yet, photo-methionine nor disuccinimidyl suberate had not shown any protein-protein interactions between COX-2 and mPGES-1 and this could be due to various reasons. For photo-methionine; one could be due to the low incorporation at this time as it was 0.7%. So, for mPGES-1; this has 152 amino acids so only one photo-methionine would be incorporated per monomer. That also means not one specific methionine would be replaced so that results in a heterogeneous population of mPGES-1 resulting in different cross-linking. Even though it did not show any protein-protein interactions, it could be used to detect inhibitor-induced protein conformational changes in the cell membranes on top of determining oligomeric structures.
Escherichia coli cells
Photo-methionine can be used to label recombinant proteins in Escherichia coli cells; though methionine in general is a rare amino acid so that means it could only give limited structural data. Nevertheless, photo-methionine was incorporated into Ca2+ regulating protein calmodulin (CaM that was 17-kDa) that has nine methionines and studied via mass spectrometry (MS). What makes this method different is the use of mineral salts medium instead of DMEM (Dulbecco's Modified Eagle's Limiting Medium) or dialyzed fetal bovine serum for the incorporation into the cells. Using the mineral salt medium allowed the cells to be grown from the beginning in order to eliminate complicated steps with other protocols (incubating the cells in LB medium, followed by washing, and further incubating in the depleted medium), meaning that photo-methionine could be incorporated at the very beginning of the cell growth that had a high yield above 30%. Photo-methionine had shown no damage during the cell growth process and once photo-activated by UV-A light, CaM had nine distinct cross-link sites once MS had determined there were peaks of photo-methionine labeled CaM. Not only can photo-methionine be used for mapping 3D protein structure, studying protein-protein interactions, but now hydrophobic regions in the protein.
References
Biochemistry detection methods
Photochemistry
Amino acid derivatives
Diazirines
Mhlosheni is a town within south western Eswatini about 25 kilometres north-west of Hluthi and 75 kilometres west of Maloma.
Famous people born in the town include former Eswatini Deputy Prime Minister Obed Dlamini.
References
Populated places in Eswatini
The Balkan League was a military alliance against the Ottoman Empire.
The Balkan League may also refer to:
Sport
Balkan League (ice hockey), from 1994 to 1997
Balkan Amateur Hockey League, since 2007
Balkan International Basketball League
See also
Balkan Cup (disambiguation)
Liocranum is a genus of spiders in the family Liocranidae. The genus was first described by Ludwig Carl Christian Koch in 1866.
Species
According to The World Spider Catalog, Version 12.5:
Liocranum apertum Denis, 1960 — France
Liocranum concolor Simon, 1878 — Corsica
Liocranum erythrinum Pavesi, 1883 — Ethiopia
Liocranum freibergi Charitonov, 1946 — Uzbekistan
Liocranum giersbergi Kraus, 1955 — Sardinia
Liocranum kochi Herman, 1879 — Hungary
Liocranum majus Simon, 1878 — Spain
Liocranum nigritarse L. Koch, 1875 — Ethiopia
Liocranum ochraceum L. Koch, 1867 — Corfu
Liocranum perarmatum Kulczyński, 1897 — Slovenia, Croatia
Liocranum pulchrum Thorell, 1881 — New Guinea
Liocranum remotum Bryant, 1940 — Cuba
Liocranum rupicola Walckenaer, 1830 — Europe, Russia
Liocranum segmentatum Simon, 1878 — France
Liocranum variabilis Wunderlich, 2008 — Mallorca
References
Corinnidae
Araneomorphae genera
Spiders of Africa
Spiders of Asia
Spiders of Oceania
Franklin County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 22,084. The county seat is Carnesville. On February 25, 1784, Franklin and Washington became Georgia's eighth and ninth counties, with Franklin named in honor of patriot Benjamin Franklin.
In its original form, Franklin County included all of the territory now in Banks, Barrow, Clarke, Jackson, Oconee, and Stephens counties, and parts of the modern-day Gwinnett, Hall, Hart, and Madison counties, as well as three counties that are now part of South Carolina. Franklin County has several miles of shoreline on Lake Hartwell.
Economic development
The Franklin County Industrial Building Authority, one of only seven created by a Georgia constitutional amendment, actively seeks and recruits new industries to the county. The Authority consists of seven members: each of the five mayors from the cities within Franklin County, and two at-large members selected by the Board of Commissioners.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.9%) is water. The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state.
The majority of Franklin County is located in the Broad River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin, with just the northeastern corner, north of Lavonia, located in the Tugaloo River sub-basin of the same Savannah River basin. Franklin County is also located on Lake Hartwell.
Adjacent counties
Stephens County (north)
Oconee County, South Carolina (northeast)
Hart County (east)
Elbert County (southeast)
Madison County (south)
Banks County (west)
Education
Franklin County School system
The Franklin County School District (Georgia) supports grades from kindergarten to grade twelve. The system consists of three elementary schools, one middle school, one high school, and one alternative school. The Franklin County School System has a staff of over 600 and an enrollment of 3570 as of 2020. The system boasts a 90.7% graduation rate. FCSS is the largest employer in Franklin County.
Private schools
Shepherd's Hill Academy, a Christian private school for grades 7-12
Colleges
Emmanuel College (Georgia) is a private, Christian, liberal arts college located in Franklin Springs offering associate as well as bachelor's degrees. The college is a member of the NCAA Division II.
Attractions
Lake Hartwell, a man-made lake covering 56,000 acres built for flood control and recreation.
Tugaloo State Park which is a 393-acre state park on the lake featuring a beach, campsites, and several nature trails.
Victoria Bryant State Park, a 502-acre state park featuring a large 18-hole golf course, a swimming area on the Broad River, campsites, and an archery range.
Cromer's Mill Covered Bridge
Ty Cobb museum in Royston, Georgia.
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 85
U.S. Route 29
State Route 8
State Route 17
State Route 17 Business
State Route 51
State Route 59
State Route 63
State Route 77 Connector
State Route 106
State Route 145
State Route 174
State Route 184
State Route 198
State Route 281
State Route 320
State Route 326
State Route 327
State Route 328
State Route 403 (unsigned designation for I-85)
Airports
Franklin County Airport (Georgia)(18A), featuring a 5000 ft runway and self-service 100LL and Jet A fuel.
Broad River Air Park(3GE3), a private airport community featuring a 3000 ft runway parallel to Interstate 85.
Infrastructure
Railroad
The Hartwell Railroad operates freight service through the eastern portion of Franklin County throughout the Martin, Lavonia, Canon, and Royston areas on the former Norfolk Southern line from Toccoa to Elberton.
Utilities
Electric service in Franklin County is provided by two customer-owned electric cooperatives, Hart EMC and Jackson EMC, as well as by Georgia Power, a subsidiary of Southern Company. Water utilities are provided by the cities of Lavonia, Martin, Royston, and Carnesville as well as by Franklin County in rural areas. Natural gas is supplied by the cities of Toccoa and Royston.
Hospital
St. Mary's Healthcare System operates St. Mary's Sacred Heart Hospital in Lavonia which is the only hospital in Franklin County. The hospital features 56 inpatient beds, a 24/7 Emergency Department, a Critical Care Unit, 4 surgical suites, and an open to the public gym.
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 20,285 people, 7,888 households, and 5,695 families living in the county. The population density was 77 people per square mile (30/km2). There were 9,303 housing units at an average density of 35 per square mile (14/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 89.49% White, 8.83% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.41% from other races, and 0.78% from two or more races. 0.92% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,888 households, out of which 31.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.20% were married couples living together, 10.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.80% were non-families. 24.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.90% under the age of 18, 9.60% from 18 to 24, 27.30% from 25 to 44, 23.80% from 45 to 64, and 15.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 94.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,134, and the median income for a family was $38,463. Males had a median income of $29,474 versus $21,051 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,767. About 11.00% of families and 13.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.80% of those under age 18 and 18.50% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 22,084 people, 8,540 households, and 5,979 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 10,553 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.3% white, 8.4% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.9% from other races, and 1.7% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 17.6% were American, 9.7% were Irish, 9.7% were English, and 8.0% were German.
Of the 8,540 households, 31.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were married couples living together, 11.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.0% were non-families, and 26.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.00. The median age was 40.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,739 and the median income for a family was $44,667. Males had a median income of $33,718 versus $28,713 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,276. About 14.3% of families and 17.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.5% of those under age 18 and 13.4% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 23,424 people, 8,460 households, and 6,123 families residing in the county.
Government
Franklin County is governed by a five-member board of commissioners, whose members are elected from multi-member districts. They serve alternating four-year terms. The county has a county manager system of government, in which day-to-day operation of the county is handled by a manager appointed by the board. The chairman of the Board of Commissioners is elected by the citizens of the county.
Communities
Cities
Canon
Carnesville
Franklin Springs
Lavonia
Royston
Town
Martin
Census-designated place
Gumlog
Notable people
Ernest Vandiver - Former Georgia Governor 1959–1963)
FPS Russia, YouTube personality
Ty Cobb, member of the Baseball Hall of Fame
Dee Dowis, Air Force Academy quarterback, Heisman Trophy finalist, Air Force career rushing yard record holder
Tony Jones, professional football player in the NFL
Gary Walker, professional football player in the NFL
Terry Kay, author
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Georgia
Lake Hartwell
References
External links
Franklin County historical marker
Hebron Presbyterian Church historical marker
Poplar Springs Methodist Camp Ground historical marker
1784 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Populated places established in 1784
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
