Garín is a town in Escobar Partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is located in the north of the provincia de Buenos Aires
Attractions
Museo de la ciudad de Garín. (Garín city museum)
Plaza Central. (Central Park)
External links
Garín website
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Escobar Partido
Erigeron sparsifolius is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name bracted Utah fleabane.. It has been found in the southwestern United States, in the states of Arizona, Colorado, and Utah.
Erigeron sparsifolius grows on sandy soil on riverbanks and canyon bottoms. It is a perennial herb up to 55 cm (22 inches) tall. The inflorescence generally contains 1-10 flower heads per stem. Each head contains 10–20 white or blue ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets.
References
sparsifolius
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Plants described in 1896
The Kingsley School is an independent girls' day school situated in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England, just to the north of the town centre. It educates girls from 3 to 18; the co-educational Preparatory School also takes boys up to the age of 11.
The senior school occupies an adapted and extended Victorian manor house. On the opposite side of the road the Junior School can be found. The nearby sixth form centre is self-contained, although retains the friendly atmosphere of the main school. The playing fields occupy a site on the outskirts of the town. It was founded as a Church of England school, and now welcomes pupils of all faiths and of none.
History
The school was founded as Leamington High School in 1884 by Rose Kingsley, daughter of Charles Kingsley, author of The Water Babies. It moved to its present site in 1922, and took its present name in 1949.
Headmistresses
1884 - 1886 Florence Gadesden
1886 - 1909 Mary Huckwell
1909 - 1916 Anne Loveday
1916 - 1932 Lilias Milroy
1932 - 1961 Dorothy Sweet
1961 - 1977 Nesta Jones
1977 - 1988 Cynthia Fairhurst
1988 - 1997 Margaret Webster
1997 - 2010 Christine Mannion-Watson
2010–present Heather Owens
References
External links
Official Web Site
Independent Schools Inspectorate Report
Kingsley Gallery
Girls' schools in Warwickshire
Independent schools in Warwickshire
Schools in Leamington Spa
Educational institutions established in 1884
1884 establishments in England
Meta Truscott (3 June 1917 – 27 November 2014) was an Australian diarist and Ashgrove historian. For over 80 years, she wrote a daily diary and collected scrapbooks, with pasted-in newspaper clippings and other ephemera (1934–2014). The diaries record the day-to-day life of a woman who had lived in Queensland all her life. The collection (97 boxes) is in the Fryer Library, University of Queensland.
Life
Born Meta Frances Hurley in Toowoomba, Queensland. Meta Truscott attended St Joseph's Convent School, Nundah where she later completed a business course. For ten years, she worked in the office of a furniture firm and then five years in an accountant's office. Married in 1947, she had three children, including James Francis Truscott. In 1994, the Brisbane City Council named Meta Truscott Lane in Ashgrove to honour her contribution to Ashgrove local history. The Ashgrove Historical Society appointed her co-patron with Manfred Cross.
Diaries
On 1 January 1934, aged sixteen and a half, Truscott née Hurley began her first diary; a Christmas gift from her maternal uncle, Christopher Dunne, Station Master at Toowoomba railway station. During September that year, her saddest entry recorded the sudden death of her father aged 63 in the Mater Misericordiae Hospital, Brisbane. On completing her first year, she was "hooked" and wrote a daily diary until her death.
Notable entries include her witness account of a suicide. On Monday afternoon, 20 April 1936, while visiting The Gap, Sydney with her uncle, Christopher Dunne, they by chance shared a bench with a well-dressed, middle-aged man. He was later identified as William Albert Swivell. The three watched a ship sail through the Sydney Heads. Dunne asked Swivell if he knew the name of the ship. He answered, "The Nieuw Holland." Soon after, Swivell walked away; he climbed to the top of the cliff and jumped to his death. Other significant entries describe the beginning and the end of World War II. The diaries record the stillness, the state of shock when war was declared and how Brisbane city went wild with joy the day the war ended.
Her busiest year was 1988. Alongside writing her regular diary, she wrote two extra diaries: one for the Australian Bicentenary now lodged in the Ashgrove library and another for her two older grandchildren. She wrote two further diaries, one for her two younger grandchildren (1998) and one for her daughter (2003).
Published works
Truscott, M. Diaries (1934–2014) University of Queensland Library OCLC Number: 505956985
Truscott, M. (1977) Ashgrove district and its schools: information. Brisbane. OCLC Number: 224670801
Truscott, M. (1977) Alexander Stewart, 1868–1918, and Glenlyon House, Ashgrove Brisbane. OCLC Number: 224643125
Truscott, M. Talk given at the Diamond Jubilee, 1873–1933, of The Gap Methodist Church Ashgrove, Qld (Date?) OCLC Number: 224574713
Truscott, M. (1987) Parish of St John's Wood The Gap: Golden Jubilee History 1937–1987 St John's Wood, the Gap Catholic Church. OCLC Number: 746584795
Truscott, M. (1990). A portrait of Ashgrove. In M. Farrelly, Canvas of dreams: A history of Marist College Ashgrove, to 1990 (pp. 249–258). Brisbane: Watson Ferguson & Company.
Truscott, M and Jackson, C. (2000) Enjoying historic Ashgrove. Brisbane Qld: Brisbane City Council. OCLC Number: 505727321
Segment on diaries in Simon Townsend Wonder world, June 1985
Contributed to historical research of
Marist College Ashgrove
Marist Fathers
Ashgrove State School
Brisbane Bicentenary
Mount St Michael's School
Mater Dei School, St John's Wood
Provided primary source material to historical research on Irish migration to Australia
References
1917 births
Writers from Queensland
Australian diarists
Australian memoirists
Australian historians
Women diarists
Australian women historians
Australian women memoirists
Women autobiographers
People from Toowoomba
Writers from Brisbane
2014 deaths
Ivan Nikolayevich Zynin (; born 7 July 1993) is a Russian football player.
He made his debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl on 8 November 2014 in a game against FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1993 births
Living people
Russian footballers
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
Association football midfielders
Giennadij Jerszow () is a Polish and Ukrainian sculptor, jewelry designer and art teacher, Master of Arts. He is a member of the National Union of Artists of Ukraine (NUAU), and the National Association of Polish Artists and Designers (ZPAP). The sculptor is known for the production of monumental works, easel compositions and portraits, represented in different countries.
Biography
Jerszow was born on 12 July 1967 in Chernihiv, in Northern Ukraine in a mixed Polish–Ukrainian family. As a repatriate he acquired Polish citizenship and his family moved in 2001 to Poland, where he currently resides in the city of Gdańsk.
Being brought up in a multinational family, he mastered the Russian, Ukrainian and Polish languages, absorbed love for the history and culture of different nationalities.
During his school years 1974–1982, he was engaged in gymnastics and judo. He graduated from a music school in the class of bass guitar. He began to show interest in photography.
Following the family tradition, he planned to become a doctor. In 1986 he graduated from basic Medical College, received a medical education (bachelor degree) in the specialty of paramedic, he worked for two years in medical institutions. During his training, he became interested in wood carving and jewelry, took part in regional exhibitions. At the all-Union competition-exhibition of the folk art of the USSR held in Livadia in 1985 he was awarded with the "Small Medal of the Laureate".
While working in medicine, he expanded the boundaries of knowledge of human psychology; as a result, he decided to change the direction and devote himself to art. He took up drawing and sculpture, moved to Kiev in 1986 to attend the studio of fine arts of George Khusid, where he took up portraits and prepared for entrance exams at the art university.
Education
In 1988 – 1991 he studied at (LNAA) Lviv Academy of Arts at the department of monumental sculpture in the group of Professor Emanuel Mysko. At the same time, he began to study privately and work in the workshop of Anatoly Galyan, where he gained practical experience in creating monumental works at all stages of realization.
1991 – 1995 he trained at the Ukrainian Academy of Arts, faculty of sculpture, worked in a workshop of professor Valery Shvetsov and academician Vasyl Borodai. In 1995, he defended his diploma on historical and religious topics relating to Ancient Russia – "Monument to Holy Prince Mikhail and Boyar Fedor".
Teaching
1996 – 1999 assistant and seniority at (NAVAA) National Academy of Visual Arts and Architecture, his supervisor was an Academician Vasyl Borodai. He began cooperation with a historian Vladimir Kovalenko and an academician Petro Tolochko, at the same time published articles in scientific journals. He created a program to perpetuate historical figures and events of the 17–18 centuries (based on historical materials of the Northern Part of the Left Bank of Ukraine). He created a series of projects dedicated to national heroes. The image of Ivan Mazepa was later embodied in bronze and was the first monument in Ukraine dedicated to the hetman – philanthropist.
1999 – 2000 Senior Lecturer at the Faculty of Fine Arts. National University "Chernihiv Collegium" named after T. G. Shevchenko. Chernihiv, Ukraine.
2003 – 2004 Teacher of sculpture and metal plastics. Composition of connected plastic schools. Gdynia – Orlovo, Poland.
Creative method
The sculptor works in a realistic style. The elaborate details are combined with lively textured sculpting and graceful lines, which makes the composition easy and dynamic.
The artist carefully selects themes for his works. Throughout his creative career, he has been creating portraits and figurines of artists and scientists, religious figures and politicians, creating images of famous people from the world of ballet, music and fashion. Thanks to direct contact with contemporaries, he conveys the unique spirit and energy of his heroes. The gallery of a modern portrait is presented by President of Poland Lech Walesa, Pope John Paul II, Patriarch of Ukraine Filaret, Protestant pastor Roman Jan Pawlas, Georgian Director Guram Petriashvili, English singer-songwriter and composer Ken Hensley (Uriah Heep), Polish scholar Andrzej Ceynowa, artists: Evhen Karas, Vlad Dimyon, Yuri Olishkevych (USA), female images “Olga”, “Barbara”, “Anastasia”, as well as the artist's children “Wanda” and “Ostap”.
The sculptor's works are distinguished by sensuality and emotionality, in each piece of work he conveys the individuality, mood and inner world of a person.
As a material he uses bronze, ceramics, silver.
He owns workshops in Gdańsk (Poland) and Chernihiv (Ukraine). He is the founder of the private gallery "FART", which has been engaged in the production and sale of sculptural works since 1995.
Categories
Monumental sculpture (monuments, memorials, busts, statues)
Easel sculpture (portrait, figurative sculpture, composition)
Sculpture of small forms (Figurines)
Reliefs
Jewelry work
Genres
Portrait (in the collection are portraits of artists and scientists, religious figures and politicians, historical heroes and contemporaries)
Sacred art (statues, reliefs, jewelry in silver)
Historical genre (the artist created a number of monumental works dedicated to historical events and characters)
Figurative art
Personal exhibitions
1994 – Borisoglebsky Cathedral Chernihiv.
1996 – DK, Slavutich.
1997 – Central House of Artists, Kyiv.
1998 – "A Look into the History". Museum of History and Fine Arts, (Muzeul de Istorie şi Artă al Municipiului Bucureşti) Bucharest.
1998 – Ukrainian House, Kyiv.
1998 – The National Bank of Ukraine, Kyiv.
1998 – National Palace of Ukraine, Kyiv.
2004 – Gallery of the Art College, Gdynia.
2004 – Historical Museum of Gdańsk (Old Town Hall), Gdańsk.
2005 – Baltic Sea Culture Center, Gdańsk.
2005 – Diocesan Museum, Pelplin.
2014 – Borisoglebsky Cathedral, Chernihiv.
2017 – Gallery of the Union of Artists, Gdańsk.
Famous works
1996 – memorial to the victims of the Chernobyl disaster (bronze, granite). Chernihiv, Ukraine;
1997 – - to the 900th anniversary of the First Congress of Princes of Kievan Rus (bronze, granite). Liubech, Ukraine;
1998 – (marble, granite), Herastrau Park, Bucharest, Romania;
2002 – "The Archangel Raphael and Tobias", figurative bas-relief, hospice. Gdańsk, Poland;
2002 – "The Apostle Jude Thaddaeus" figure, hospice. Gdańsk, Poland;
2003 – memorial plaque – portrait of Pallottine priest Eugeniusz Dutkiewicz (bronze), hospice. Gdańsk, Poland;
2004 – a plaque – a portrait of Julian Rummel, one of the founders of Gdynia – on the facade of the headquarters of the Polish Navy (bronze). Gdynia, Poland;
2005 – Figurines "Orpheus", for laureates of the named after Woytek Lowski;
2005 – depicting a famous dancer in the role of "Hamlet" Poland;
2005 – a plaque – a portrait of Janina Jarzynowna-Sobczak, founder of the ballet school in Gdańsk (bronze). Gdańsk, Poland;
2006 – monument to Taras Shevchenko (bronze, granite), on the territory of ChSPU named after T. G. Shevchenko. Chernihiv, Ukraine;
2005–2006 – "The way of the Cross" – 15 relief images (bronze) – Basilica of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary. Gdańsk, Poland;
2008 – monument to Peter Prokopovich, (bronze, granite). Palchyky, Chernihiv region;
2007–2008 — "Stations of the Cross" — 14 reliefs (bronze) — Church of St. Anthony. Torun, Poland;
2007 "Stanislaw Moniuszko" portrait – bust of the composer (bronze). The Stanislaw Moniuszko Academy of Music in Gdańsk, Poland;
2008 "Frederic Chopin" portrait – bust of the composer (bronze). Polish Baltic F.Chopin Philharmonic in Gdańsk, Poland;
2009 – (bronze, granite). The University of Gdańsk. Gdańsk, Poland;
2009 – (bronze, marble). Chernihiv, Ukraine;
2009 – (bronze, granite). Warsaw, Poland;
2009 – , alias Zapora" (bronze, granite). Tarnobrzeg, Poland;
2009 – the fountain "Roses", Central Square. Tarnobrzeg, Poland;
2010 – memorial on the site of the papal altar, in honour of the Holy mass with the participation of John Paul II at Zaspa in Gdańsk on 12 June 1987. Gdańsk, Poland;
2010 – "Stations of the Cross" – 14 reliefs (bronze,wood). Parish of the Exaltation of the Holy Cross in Gdańsk;
2011 – figures – "Vaslav Nijinsky and Bronislava Nijinska" (bronze).The Great Theatre – National Opera. Warsaw, Poland;
2012 – monument to the Chaplain of "Solidarity" Henryk Jankowski. Gdańsk, Poland;
2014 – monument to Pope John Paul II. "Radio MARIA". Torun, Poland;
2014 – memorial plaque – portrait of the composer Feliks Nowowiejski, music school patron (bronze). Gdańsk, Poland;
2014 – figure "Ken Hensley" (Uriah Heep) English singer – songwriter and composer (bronze, marble). Alicante, Spain;
2014 – figure "Arthur Schopenhauer" monument path implementation;
2014 – "Stations of the Cross" – 14 reliefs (bronze). Askold's Grave. Kyiv, Ukraine;
2015 – the . Gdańsk, Poland;
2016 – the . Gdańsk, Poland;
2017 – The Sarcophagus of Bishops of Pelpin. Bronze relief shutters depict angels and heraldry. Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption. Pelplin, Poland;
2018 -2020 – series of portrait statues dedicated to the prominent people of art.
Customers
Opening of the monuments took place with the participation of
Presidents of Ukraine Leonid Kuchma and Viktor Yushchenko, President of Poland Lech Kaczynski,
Vice - Prime Minister of Ukraine Valeriy Smoliy,
Ministers of culture of Poland Waldemar Dąbrowski and Romania Ion Karatu,
Marshal of the Polish Senate Bogdan Borusewicz,
Archbishops Tadeusz Gocłowski, Sławoj Leszek Głódź, bishop Andrzej Suski, Ryszard Kasyna, Włodzimierz Juszczak,
Presidents of cities Wojciech Szczurek, Paweł Adamowicz, Jan Dziubinski, mayor of Bucharest Viorel Lis.
Among the customers were state and public institutions
City Council of Chernihiv; City Council of Gdańsk; City Council of Tarnobrzeg.
Embassy of Ukraine in Bucharest and in Warsaw.
Headquarters of the Navy of Poland – Gdynia.
Basilica of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary – Gdańsk;
Basilica of St. Brigida – Gdańsk;
"Radio Maria" Torun.
Archdiocese of Gdańsk, Diocese of Pelplin, Diocese of Torun.
University of Gdańsk;
Chernihiv National University. after T.G. Shevchenko;
Historical reserve "Ancient Val" – Chernihiv;
Historical reserve "Ancient Liubech".
Polish Baltic Philharmonic named after Frederic Chopin;
Stanislav Monyushko Academy of Music in Gdańsk;
Ballet School – Gdańsk;
The Great Theatre – National Opera in Warsaw.
Also private companies and corporations.
Works are located in museums and private collections ..
Awards and honors
Church awards: Medal "PRO OPERE POLITISSIMA ARTE PERFECTO" by Primate of Poland Cardinal Jozef Glemp
Public Awards: Badge of Honor “Golden Jewel of the Mazepa Family”
Personal life
He is the father of three children: Philip born in 1989, Wanda born in 1995, Eustathius (Ostap) born in 1998.
Gallery
References
Sources
В. П. Коваленко. Єршов Геннадій Олексійович Encyclopedia of modern Ukraine (On Ukrainian)
Єршов Геннадій Олексійович Сайт Національної спілки художників України National Union of Artists of Ukraine
Ольга Собкович Українсько-польський скульптор – Геннадій Єршов // Образотворче мистецтво No. 4, — 2010, No. 1, — 2011 Fine Arts (magazine)(On Ukrainian)
Marek Adamkowicz Gennadij Jerszow i jego rzeźby "rozsiane" po całym Pomorzu // Dziennik Bałtycki 9 lutego — 2014
External links
http://www.jerszow.ecom.net.pl/
В. П. Коваленко. Єршов Геннадій Олексійович Encyclopedia of modern Ukraine (On Ukrainian)
Gennadij Jerszow i jego rzeźby "rozsiane" po całym Pomorzu
В Украине появился первый памятник Мазепе
В Чернигове открыли памятник Мазепе
Чернігові відбулося відкриття пам'ятника гетьману України Івану Мазепі. Фоторепортаж
Ющенко взяв участь у відкритті пам'ятного знаку жертвам Голодомору 1932–1933 рр у Варшаві
У Гданьску відкрили пам'ятник святому Володимиру роботи скульптора Єршова
У Польщі з'явився пам'ятник київському князю Володимиру
У Ґданську відкрили пам'ятник князю Володимиру
Володимир Великий у Ґданську
Пам'ятник живій легенді – Кен Хенслі у бронзі
Скульптор Єршов: між Черніговом і Гданськом
ГЕННАДІЙ ЄРШОВ: "СКУЛЬПТУРА ВІДНОВЛЮЄ ІСТОРІЮ ТА ДОПОМАГАЄ СУЧАСНИКАМ ПАМ'ЯТАТИ"
1967 births
20th-century male artists
20th-century Polish sculptors
20th-century Ukrainian sculptors
21st-century male artists
21st-century Polish sculptors
Living people
National Academy of Visual Arts and Architecture alumni
Polish contemporary artists
People from Chernihiv
People from Gdańsk
Polish male sculptors
Polish portrait artists
Ukrainian emigrants to Poland
Ukrainian male sculptors
Ukrainian people of Polish descent
The men's high jump at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 1 and 2 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
2 September
Qualification
1 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 26 athletes from 14 countries participated in the event.
(3)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
References
High jump
High jump at the European Athletics Championships
A sleeping dragon is a maneuver used by protesters to hinder their removal from a protest site. It involves handcuffs and PVC pipe: a series of protesters are handcuffed together through the PVC pipe, which precludes police from simply using bolt cutters to break the handcuffs. Advanced variations include covering the PVC pipe with elements which might make it more difficult to break. Examples include chicken wire, tar, and duct tape. Another variation is filling a barrel with concrete and putting the PVC pipe through the barrel such that it cannot be accessed without first destroying all of the concrete.
Often the protesters will chain, lock, or otherwise secure themselves to immovable objects, resulting in a difficult-to-remove human obstacle. This is typically accomplished best with carabiners tied to their wrists so that the protestors can easily unlock themselves, though they cannot be unlocked by outsiders.
Removal methods
It is sometimes impossible for officers to know what is inside the sleeping dragon without cutting into it. Officers may cut into the pipe with such tools as an angle grinder, rotary saw, or whizzer saw, followed by a pry bar and pliers; or in the case of concrete, chipping hammers, hammer drills, and breakers. Abrasive saws, a band saw, and an angle grinder may be used on steel pipes. Officers may put fire retardant hoods and earmuffs on the protesters to protect them from sparks and noise as tools are used to cut through the sleeping dragon.
Once an inspection hole has been made, it may be possible to reach in with bolt cutters and cut the handcuff chain.
In 2018, Seattle police established an Apparatus Removal Team (ART) in response to sleeping dragon protests, its officers being trained and equipped to cut through plastic and metal without injuring protesters. Their approach involves cutting into tubing and placing a brightly-colored piece of plastic against the protester's skin, so that the blade will produce visible plastic shavings before it can cause any injury.
See also
Lock-on (protest tactic)
References
External links
Kersten, Katherine. "Are Twin Cities ready for 'sleeping dragon'? Dream on". Star Tribune. July 22, 2008.
Levine, Marty. Breaking Down Defense Mechanisms. Pittsburgh City Newspaper. March 8, 2007.
Christopher N. Osher. Denver police propose law to take pipes, chains out of protesters' hands. Denver Post. July 15, 2008.
Patrick Young. The Next Page: Hot trends in protest technology as Tools of the Trade. Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. March 18, 2007.
Helen & Harry Highwater. Miami considers nullifying First Amendment. Unknown News. Sept. 28, 2003.
Protest tactics
Babio in Latin is a 12th-century elegiac comedy consisting of 484 lines of elegiac distichs, probably composed in England. It imitates Roman comedy and is indebted to Ovid, Plautus and Terence. It is preserved in five manuscripts, four of them in England and one in Berlin (Babio).
Editions
Edmond Faral (1948)
M. M. Brennan, Charleston (1969).
See also
Medieval theatre
Medieval Latin comedy
External links
The Influence of Plautus and Latin Elegiac Comedy on Chaucer's Fabliaux by Kathleen A. Bishop
12th-century literature
Comedy plays
The Meyrick Baronetcy, of Bush House in the parish of St Mary in the County of Pembroke and of Apley Castle in the parish of Wellington in the County of Salop, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 5 May 1880 for Thomas Meyrick, Conservative Member of Parliament for Pembroke from 1868 to 1874. Born Thomas Charlton, he had assumed by Royal licence the surname of Meyrick (which was that of his maternal grandfather) in lieu of his patronymic in 1858. As of 2007 the presumed fifth Baronet has not successfully proved his succession and is therefore not on the Official Roll of the Baronetage.
The family surname is pronounced "Merrick".
Meyrick baronets, of Bush House and of Apley Castle (1880)
Sir Thomas Charlton Meyrick, 1st Baronet (1837–1921)
Sir Frederick Charlton Meyrick, 2nd Baronet (1862–1932)
Sir Thomas Frederick Meyrick, 3rd Baronet (1899–1983)
Sir David John Charlton Meyrick, 4th Baronet (1926–2004)
Timothy Thomas Charlton Meyrick, presumed 5th Baronet (born 1963)
See also
Tapps-Gervis-Meyrick baronets
Notes
References
External links
Daily Telegraph obituary of Sir David Meyrick, 4th Baronet
Meyrick
The Union Bank Tower (stylized as UnionBank Tower), formerly known as the Union Bank of California Tower and originally as the Bank of California building (not to be confused with the older Bank of California Building), is an , 15-story office building completed in 1969 in downtown Portland, Oregon. It was briefly the tallest building in the city when it topped-out in 1968, but was soon eclipsed by the Georgia-Pacific Building (now Standard Insurance Center).
History
The tower was built for the Bank of California, to house its Portland operations, which had outgrown their space in the historic Bank of California Building in which they had been based since 1925, located just over one block to the east. Construction began in 1967. The full-block site was previously occupied, in its southeast quadrant, by the Rosenblatt Building, which was built in 1889 and demolished in early 1967. Two theaters had occupied other portions of the block, the United Artists Theatre and the Liberty Theatre (previously known as the Music Box Theatre).
The bank building was completed in late 1969, and the bank opened its offices in the new tower on December 8, 1969, vacating its 1925 building. The 15-story building was originally known as the Bank of California building (or simply the [new] Bank of California), and informally as the Bank of California Tower.
It was originally owned by the bank, but in 1972 a pending sale of the building to developer Harry Mittleman was reported. Mittleman completed the purchase in that year and moved into an office on the building's 15th floor. The 1972 sale included a leaseback agreement under which the Bank of California would lease the building for up to 35 years. In 1986, after Mittleman's death, the building was owned by his estate, but the "long-term master lease" was planned to be transferred from the Bank of California to a partnership of Melvin Mark Properties and Douglas Goodman in January 1987. The bank continued to be the building's primary tenant, leasing of the overall of space at that time.
In April 1996, Bank of California merged with Union Bank to become Union Bank of California. The Portland building was renamed the Union Bank of California Building in September of that year.
In 2008, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ acquired the 35 percent of Union Bank that it had not already owned, and Union Bank of California became MUFG Union Bank, which uses the branding "UnionBank". Subsequently, the Portland building became the UnionBank Tower.
As of 2012, the building was owned by both Melvin Mark Companies and Downtown Development Group. In 2012, the owners turned a subbasement level into a fourth level of underground parking, increasing the number of parking spaces by 84 for a total of 339.
Description
The tower was designed by the firm of Anshen and Allen of San Francisco in the International Style, with a strong presence on Broadway. A distinctive feature of the Union Bank Tower are its exposed service cores, on the building's south and west sides, which are clad in light gray slate with a greenish tint. It is said that the slate was quarried from the same area in Wales as the stone used in Stonehenge.
The building's interior design was led by Maria Bergson, of New York City.
See also
Architecture of Portland, Oregon
List of the tallest buildings in Portland, Oregon
References
External links
1969 establishments in Oregon
Anshen and Allen buildings
Bank buildings in Oregon
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group
Skyscraper office buildings in Portland, Oregon
Office buildings completed in 1969
Crouch End Hill is a street in north London, England, running between Crouch End and Hornsey Rise in the boroughs of Haringey and Islington. It is not to be confused with 'Crouch Hill" which runs between Crouch End and Stroud Green. The two roads meet at a "Y" junction in Crouch End and together the two routes constitute the southern access to Crouch End Broadway.
The street proceeds up a steep hill to the top of the ridge which here divides Haringey from Islington. The old name for this ridge along which Hornsey Lane runs and which forms the northern boundary of the Parkland Walk between Crouch End Hill and Crouch Hill is the "Hog's Back".
The street is part of London Buses route 41 and London Buses route 91
Buildings
On the way up the hill on the right hand side can be found the "Lanacombe Sauna" briefly famous for a court case in 2000 in which the then owner was prosecuted as a brothel keeper. Further up, still on the right hand side as proceeding from Crouch End, can be seen Christchurch. This fine Church of England building was designed by Arthur Blomfield and consecrated by Archibald Tait, Bishop of London, on Friday 27 June 1862. A short distance beyond Christchurch is to be seen the original site of Coleridge Primary School, now called Coleridge West, with facing it across the road the former premises of the Hornsey College of Art now Coleridge East. The two sites are linked across the road by a light controlled pedestrian crossing.
The Parkland Walk
Crouch End Hill then uses a bridge to cross over a public walkway called the Parkland Walk, a public foot and cycle path and linear Park that stretches from Finsbury Park to Alexandra Palace, and follows some of the course of the Northern Heights planned rail extension to the Northern line, abandoned on 9 February 1954. The only remaining buildings relating to Crouch End Station can be seen just before the bridge on the left hand side of the road; one is a building frequently used as an office, the other is a cafe called the "Crescent Cafe" after nearby Crescent Road, and which is clearly marked. There is a zebra crossing at this point. Beside the cafe is access by stairs to the platforms of Crouch End Station and thence to the Parkland Walk and Crouch Hill Park and to the site occupied by Ashmount Primary School from January 2013. (There is also step free access to the Walk by a ramp from Crescent Road.)
Immediately beyond the bridge there is a T junction with Hornsey Lane joining from the right with Crouch End Hill continuing straight on down the other side of the ridge, now in the London Borough of Islington and now Hornsey Rise.
References
Streets in the London Borough of Haringey
Streets in the London Borough of Islington
Tsutaya is a Japanese word referring to a number of people and businesses. It is usually written 蔦屋, meaning "ivy shop".
People
Tsutaya Jūzaburō (1750–1797), woodblock publisher of ukiyo-e and popular illustrated books.
Companies
Tsutaya, Japanese rental shop chain operated by Culture Convenience Club
Andy Furtado Dixon (born 3 January 1980) is a Costa Rican footballer who currently plays for Belén.
Club career
He lost the Second Division championship final in May 2005 with Fusión Tibás.
In August 2008 Furtado signed a 4-month contract with Chinese side Shanghai Shenhua.
He played in the CONCACAF's Champions League 2008-09, with Marathón of Honduras. In January 2009 he moved to Herediano on loan. After returning to Marathón, Furtado was banned from football by the Costa Rica football federation in September 2009, after being tested positive for betamethasone. In May 2011 he resumed playing when he was snapped up by Guatemalan outfit Comunicaciones.
In January 2012, he returned to Costa Rica to play for Limón and in Summer 2012, he joined Belén. In summer 2013 he left Belén but was denied by Santos due to physical problems.
International career
Furtado made his debut for Costa Rica in a February 2007 friendly match against Trinidad & Tobago and earned a total of 9 caps, scoring 5 goals. He represented his country in 2 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2007 and 2009 UNCAF Nations Cup, where he scored the 2 winning goals over Panama on the 6' and 15' minute, which made Costa Rica win 3-0.
His final international was an April 2009 FIFA World Cup qualification match against El Salvador.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
People from Limón Province
Association football forwards
Costa Rican footballers
Costa Rica international footballers
Santos de Guápiles footballers
A.D. San Carlos footballers
C.D. Marathón players
C.S. Herediano footballers
Shanghai Shenhua F.C. players
Comunicaciones F.C. players
Belén F.C. players
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Honduras
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in Guatemala
Liga FPD players
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras players
Doping cases in association football
2007 UNCAF Nations Cup players
2009 UNCAF Nations Cup players
Copa Centroamericana-winning players
Hans Adolf Julius von Bülow was a General of the Artillery in the Imperial German Army. He was the Inspector-General of Artillery from 1879 to 1882. He retired when he had conflicts with Georg von Kameke, the Minister of War.
Biography
Hans von Bülow was born in the Kingdom of Prussia as first-born of his father, Werner Ludwig von Bülow. He had one younger sister, and one younger brother. After serving as cadet he became a second lieutenant on 5 August 1833. During the time of peace, Bülow increased his knowledge and his skills as he rose the ranks. He was promoted to First Lieutenant in 1844, Hauptmann in 1851 and Major in 1858. In 1859, he became commander of the fortress battalion of the 6th Artillery Regiment. In 1861, he became Oberstleutnant and in 1864, he got command of the 7th Field Artillery Regiment. On 18 June 1865, Bülow was promoted to Oberst.
He participated in the Austro-Prussian War at the head of his regiment, which was part of the Army of the Elbe. Bülow had learned from Zivar that Eisenach had been re-seated during the night, but only by 2 battalions. Under these circumstances he thought he could deviate from the order he had received to return to the camp and instead advanced with his brigade as far as Lupnik and Stochausen close to Eises. At the same time, 1 battalion, 1 pioneer detachment, 1 squadron, 2 cannons, the former on wagons, were sent to Mechterstadt to destroy the railway and to prevent any movement from Gotha. Bülow saw action in the Battle of Münchengrätz. During the Battle of Königgrätz he brought the corps artillery, two regiments, to the battlefield around 12:30. However they were too far to the rear to be used effectively. This kept Karl Eberhard Herwarth von Bittenfeld from ordering a major attack against the Austrians. For his services he was awarded 3rd class of Order of the Crown on 20 September 1866.
Bülow was promoted to Generalmajor on 18 June 1869. In 1869, Bülow became a Knight of Honour of the Order of Saint John. Bülow took part in the Franco-Prussian War, during which he played a more important role. He became commander of the III Corps's Reserve Artillery. He participated in Battle of Mars-la-Tour, and was awarded with both classes of the Iron Cross. Afterwards, on 21 September 1871, von Bülow became commander of 1st Guards Field Artillery Brigade. At the same day, Bülow ordered both field batteries and horse artillery to trot forward to Vernéville, to reinforce IX Corps. He distinguished himself by the new usage of artillery during the Franco-Prussian War. Bülow knew how to keep in perfect fighting condition without suffering great losses. During the Second Battle of Orléans, his insightful leadership succeeded in driving the enemy. For his wartime services he received the prestigious Pour le Mérite on 2 December 1872.
He was promoted to Generalleutnant in September 1873. As a Generalleutnant, Bülow was awarded the Order of the Iron Crown (first class), the Order of the Red Eagle (second class), and the Grand Cross of the Albert Order. After the death of Eugen Anton Theophil von Podbielski, Bülow proceeded him as Inspector General of Artillery. However, he had conflicts with Prussian Minister of War Georg von Kameke and retired on 12 December 1882 with the character of a General of the Infantry. He resided at Berlin after his retirement.
On the 25th anniversary of Mars-la-Tour, Kaiser Wilhelm II awarded him the rank of General der Artillerie. He died on 9 December 1897 in Berlin.
Honours
Prussian Orders
Order of the Red Eagle 2nd Class
Order of the Crown 3rd Class
Pour le Mérite (military), 2 December 1872
1870 Iron Cross 1st & 2nd Class
Order of Saint John, 1869
Service Award Cross
Other German States
Grand Cross of Albert Order
Foreign Orders
Order of the Iron Crown 1st Class
References
Literature
Magnus von Eberhardt: Hans von Bülow. In: Pomeranian Life Pictures. Volume II, Saunier, Stettin 1936, pp. 144–159.
Kurt von Priesdorff: Soldatisches Führertum. Volume 8, Hanseatische Verlagsanstalt Hamburg, undated [Hamburg], undated [1941], pp. 103–105, no. 2501.
1816 births
1897 deaths
People from the Province of Prussia
German untitled nobility
Prussian people of the Austro-Prussian War
German military personnel of the Franco-Prussian War
Generals of Infantry (Prussia)
Generals of Artillery (Prussia)
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite (military class)
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1870), 1st class
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1870), 2nd class
The Nottingham New Theatre is a playhouse and production company based on University Park Campus, Nottingham, England. It is funded in part by the University of Nottingham Students' Union and constitutes one of the Union's 10 Student-Run Services. It is the only entirely student-run theatre in England.
History
The New Theatre was established in 1969, and was originally housed in the Archaeology and Classics building of the University of Nottingham. In 2001 an extended foyer was added to the building, following a donation from an alumnus of the university.
The summer of 2012 saw an extensive redevelopment of the building housing the New Theatre. The former Archaeology and Classics building was demolished from the site; leaving the New Theatre as a freestanding building. Parts of the old building were retained and repurposed as new rehearsal rooms, and a studio space; as well as a significant remodeling of the dressing room, and extending the foyer.
In April 2015, the Nottingham New Theatre History Project was launched. This is the theatre's new archival website, holding information from shows dating back to the 1950s including posters, cast and crew lists and production shots. The summer of 2015 saw the launch of the Student Fringe Festival, or StuFF. This festival aims to bring together both experimental and classical theatre in a two-day festival held in June each year.
Organisation and structure
All aspects of the theatre are run by the 18 members of the New Theatre committee, although the producer and director of individual shows are given a large degree of autonomy with regards to their productions.
The theatre's productions are open to the public and any student at the University of Nottingham can become a member. Members receive discounts on theatre tickets and can get involved in running the theatre. Each semester a 'proposals meeting' is held by the committee at which members can suggest a play that they wish to direct. Once the upcoming season's plays are chosen by the committee, auditions are held by the production team of each play. As soon as the plays have been cast at the 'casting meeting', production teams are given a budget by the theatre treasurer and allowed a certain amount of autonomy, with the support of the relevant season's Co-ordinator on hand if they need it.
Each play is expected to break even but many make a profit that is then channelled back into improving the theatre's facilities and offering more varied experiences for its members.
The President of the Nottingham New Theatre is mandated to report to and answer questions from the Students' Union Council.
New Theatre at the Fringe
Each year, the New Theatre takes one or more 'official' shows to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and supports any number of shows being performed and produced at the fringe by its members. In 2007, these shows included an adaptation of 'Alice Through the Looking Glass'(New Theatre), 'Dearly Deported' by Charles Brafman (Ankle Productions) and 'Slippery Soapbox: Spotbanded Skat' (ShutYOface Productions).
In 2008, the New Theatre took two shows; an ensemble devised piece ('Crossing The Rubicon', C Soco Chambers Street 12pm), and a piece of new writing by Anthony Lau ('Cross-Stitching', C Soco Chambers Street 1pm) officially. Also performing were Ribcaged Productions Ltd ('The Bear Who Paints'), Ankle Productions ('The Third Condiment'), Chimera Theatre Group ('Vivien') and Cicero Productions ('Written Off'), their casts and crew being New Theatre members and alumni.
In 2009, the New Theatre took Warehouse 364, written and directed by Andy McNamee, who stepped into a role for one performance when a cast member was unable to perform.
In 2010, the New Theatre took two shows; Only One Wing, written by Lizzie Bourne and directed by Andy McNamee, and The Retreat, written by Jenni Herzberg and directed by Becky Caitlin.
In 2011, the New Theatre took another two shows: Beef written by Rose Williams and directed by Liz Stevenson, Chasing Dragons written by Adam H. Wells and directed by Dan Rae-Scott (both performed at C SoCo).
In 2010 and 2011, Paulden Productions (co-founded by former New Theatre president Matt Leventhall) took FRESHER: The Musical to the fringe, where it won several accolades, including Musical Theatre Matters award for "Best New Musical".
In 2012, the New Theatre continued taking two productions with; The Hand-Me-Down People written and directed by Adam H. Wells (performed at C Nova) and Porphyria written by Craig Wilmann, and co-directed by Matt Wilks and Tom Barnes (performed at Zoo Southside).
In 2016, the New Theatre enjoyed one of its most successful Fringe residencies, with its production of The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald and Tyrannosaurus Sketch receiving 4-star reviews and enjoying sell out runs. An independent production also came to Edinburgh in association with the New Theatre: The Toyland Murders by the Kite Tail Theatre Company. It enjoyed critical and commercial success.
In 2017, the New Theatre took two devised pieces, Escape for Dummies and Wrecked. Both enjoyed critical and commercial success, with Escape for Dummies gaining 5-star reviews.
In 2018, the New Theatre again took two productions, Working Class Hero written by Ben Standish and directed by Felicity Chilver, and The Devil You Know written and directed by Emma Summerton. These productions took place at Greenside @ Infirmary Street.
In 2019, two more productions were taken to the Fringe, Order from Chaos written and directed by Jonny Khan, and Franz and Marie: Woyzeck Retold written and directed by Daniel Mcvey. These productions also took place at Greenside @ Infirmary Street. Both shows were met with critical success with Order From Chaos receiving 5-star reviews.
In 2021, two productions were taken to Fringe, Madhouse written and directed by Maddie Craig, and It's Not Rocket Science written and directed by Cecilia Alexander.
In 2022, the New Theatre took two productions to the Fringe, The Lacehouse written and directed by Amalia Costa, and The Conversation written and directed by Syania Shaharuddin. These productions took place at TheSpace on North Bridge's Perth Theatre.
New Theatre at NSDF
In 2007 and 2008, New Theatre entered a number of shows into the National Student Drama Festival competition. In both years two productions were selected by the NSDF judges as finalists and were performed at the Festival in Scarborough. In 2008 the theatre's shows 'Disco Pigs' and 'Proof' won 6 awards between them, with the theatre also receiving the 'Judges' Award for Promoting Student Theatre'.
"The NSDF, however, is about drama, not drama students, and a university with no theatre studies at all had two shows in performance. Nottingham University presented an in-the-round version of Enda Walsh's violent, despairing Disco Pigs, and a polished production of the American David Auburn's recent West End success Proof. Directed by a student of industrial economics, a cast consisting of a physicist, an English major, a sociologist and a student of Spanish and Portuguese became convincing Chicagoans in a coolly filmic study of family relations. The linguist Anna Wheatley won the Spotlight award for best actress as the daughter who bears the curse of inheriting her father's mathematical genius, and Guy Unsworth, who designed the atmospheric set as well as directing the excellent cast, won the Directors' Guild award." (Robert Hewison,© Copyright 2008 Times Newspapers Ltd.)
In 2011, four separate shows from New Theatre were selected by NSDF, from a total of 13 shows nationally. These included: After the End, Orphans, Bluebird and This Wide Night. The company went on to win four awards at NSDF 2011: three Judges' awards for acting, one to Douggie McMeekin (Orphans), and two to Meg Salter and Lucy Bromilow (both for This Wide Night) respectively, and Best Design for After the End.
In 2013, three shows were selected from the Nottingham New Theatre by NSDF, from a total of 11 shows nationally. These included: Memory of Water by Shelagh Stephenson, Mercury Fur by Philip Ridley and Jerusalem by Jez Butterworth.
In 2015, the production of The Ritual Slaughter of Gorge Mastromas by Dennis Kelly was selected by NSDF. It won The Festgoers Award, voted for by all the participants of the festival.
The following year, the Nottingham New Theatre had two shows selected by NSDF. These included, West by Steven Berkoff and The Toyland Murders, a student-written puppet show by Ben Hollands. The company won three acting awards for Shannon Smith (West), Becca Jones (West) and James Roscow (The Toyland Murders and West).
For the 2018 festival, a production of Pomona by Alistair McDowall was selected to perform, with Jonny Khan receiving a Commendation for acting.
In 2019, the New Theatre had two shows selected by the NSDF. These were: 'A Girl Is A Half-Formed Thing' by Eimear McBride, adapted by Annie Ryan; and 'Rotterdam' by Jon Brittain. Maddy Strauss received a Commendation for acting.
Alumni
Ruth Wilson, Bafta nominated and Golden Globe winning actress.
Ruth Bratt
Matthew Bannister
Theo James, of Bedlam, The Inbetweeners, and Golden Boy fame
James Bentley
Carrie Cracknell
Haydn Gwynne
Michael Longhurst, director of Constellations on Broadway starring Ruth Wilson and Jake Gyllenhaal
Tom Copley
Daniel Weyman
Emma Barnett
Paul Kerensa
Clive Tyldesley
Hugh Simon
References
Theatres in Nottingham
University of Nottingham
Yacht Rock may refer to:
Yacht Rock (web series), an American web series
Yacht rock, the musical term derived from the series
Public Affairs Committee (PAC) was founded in 1992 by the religious community and other pressure groups in Malaŵi to enter into a dialogue with Kamuzu Banda's Presidential Committee on Dialogue in the transition period from the one-party to the multiparty system of government in Malaŵi. Most accounts of the transition credit PAC with a major role at this crucial point in the younger history of Malaŵi.
After the referendum on multipartyism was won in 1993 and the first multiparty elections were scheduled to take place in 1994, a number of pressure groups (notably the United Democratic Front and the Alliance for Democracy) split from PAC to form political parties to contest in the elections. PAC has since carried on as an umbrella organisation for the major faith communities represented in the country by the Muslim Association of Malawi, the Quadria Muslim Association of Malawi, the Malawi Council of Churches, the Evangelical Association of Malawi and the Episcopal Conference of Malawi . As such, it is the oldest and most well-known nongovernmental organisation in the country. PAC also is the national chapter of the World Conference on Religion and Peace (WCRP). The organisation's mission statement is “to mobilise the general public through the religious community and other stakeholders in promoting democracy, development, peace and unity through civic education, mediation and advocacy”. After existing for over a decade, PAC has worked with a large number of partners (both local and international) in pursuance of this mission, and has put into practice a wide variety of activities.
The organisation has a national secretariat in Lilongwe, Malaŵi's capital city.
References
Newell, Jonathan (1995). A Moment of Truth? The Church and Political Change in Malawi, 1992. The Journal of Modern African Studies 33(2): 243-262.
Ross, Kenneth R. (1995). The Renewal of the State by the Church: the Case of the Public Affairs Committee in Malawi. Religion in Malawi 5: 29-37
Ross, Kenneth R. (1997). Crisis and Identity: Presbyterian Ecclesiology in Southern Malawi, 1891-1993. Missionalia 25(3): 381-397 (available online)
Religious organisations based in Malawi
Politics of Malawi
Political organisations based in Malawi
José Almanzor (born 28 December 1929) is a Mexican archer. He competed in the men's individual event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1929 births
Living people
Mexican male archers
Olympic archers of Mexico
Archers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Belarus competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. They delegated 20 athletes (10 men, 10 women) to the Summer Paralympics. They competed in athletics, judo, rowing, swimming and wheelchair fencing.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
Athletics
Men
Field events
Women
Field events
Judo
Men
Women
Rowing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top eight finish at the 2015 FISA World Rowing Championships in a medal event. Belarus qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the AS Women's Single Sculls event with a fifth-place finish in a time of 05:38.39.
Swimming
The top two finishers in each Rio medal event at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships earned a qualifying spot for their country for Rio. Ihar Boki earned Belarus a spot after winning gold in the Men's 50m Freestyle S13.
Men
Women
Wheelchair fencing
Men
Women
See also
Belarus at the Paralympics
Belarus at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Belarusian sport
State Route 82 (SR 82) is a secondary state highway that runs through Moore and Bedford counties in south central Tennessee in the United States. The route runs from an intersection with SR 55 in Lynchburg north and east to SR 64 near Beech Grove.
Route description
Moore County
SR 82 begins at an intersection with SR 55 in Lynchburg, Moore County, heading northwest on two-lane undivided Flat Creek Highway, a secondary state route. The road runs through a mix of farm fields and woods with some homes and curves to the north, winding through more rural land. The route leaves Lynchburg and crosses into Bedford County.
Bedford County
SR 82 continues northwest through fields and forests as an unnamed road before turning north and passing through the community of Flat Creek. The highway then bends back to the northwest and heads through more rural areas with a few homes. The road turns north and then northwest again before passing near rural residential development and crossing the Duck River. The route enters Shelbyville and becomes Kingree Road, running northwest through residential areas. SR 82 turns north-northwest onto South Britain Street before it curves to the north and becomes South Jefferson Street, widening to four lanes. The road passes to the east of downtown Shelbyville and comes to an intersection with SR 64, at which point that route turns north for a concurrency with SR 82. The two routes follow North Jefferson Street north, crossing the unused tracks of the Walking Horse and Eastern Railroad, before curving west and becoming East Lane Street. The road passes businesses to the north of downtown before SR 82 splits from SR 64 by turning north onto North Main Street, a three-lane road with a center left-turn lane. The route continues to an intersection with US 231 Bus. (SR 10), at which point those two routes turn north to join SR 82. The road passes more businesses and gains a second northbound lane, crossing US 41A (SR 16). The three routes continue along a commercial strip as a five-lane road with a center left-turn lane before coming to an intersection with US 231 (SR 387), where US 231 Bus. comes to its northern terminus.
US 231 and SR 82, along with unsigned SR 10, continue north along five-lane North Main Street past more businesses and shopping centers in the northern part of Shelbyville. Farther north, the road passes a mix of fields and commercial development and reaches an interchange with the western terminus of SR 437, which runs along the Shelbyville Bypass. Following this, US 231/SR 82 leaves Shelbyville and becomes an unnamed road, running through a mix of fields and woods with some homes. The road passes near commercial development and heads between the Bedford County Medical Center to the west and the Shelbyville Municipal Airport to the east. US 231/SR 82 runs through farmland with some homes and transitions into a four-lane divided highway. SR 82 splits from US 231 (SR 10) south of Deason by turning east onto an unnamed two-lane undivided road. The route runs east through farmland with some woods and homes, becoming Webb Highway. The road continues through rural areas before it enters Bell Buckle, where it becomes Webb Road West and passes a mix of fields and residences. In the commercial center of Bell Buckle, SR 82 intersects SR 269 and forms a brief concurrency with that route as the road crosses CSX's Chattanooga Subdivision railroad line. SR 269 turns north in the downtown area and SR 82 continues east along Webb Road East through residential areas. The road leaves Bell Buckle and becomes unnamed, heading northeast through farmland. The route runs east through forests before it curves northeast again into a mix of farmland and woodland with some homes. SR 82 heads east through more rural areas and comes to its northern terminus at an intersection with SR 64 south of Beech Grove.
The section of SR 82 between SR 55 in Lynchburg and the north end of the US 231 concurrency near Deason is designated a Tennessee Scenic Parkway.
Junction list
See also
References
082
Transportation in Moore County, Tennessee
Transportation in Bedford County, Tennessee
Lynchburg, Tennessee
Shelbyville, Tennessee
Denys Serhiyovych Kesil (; born 26 October 2000) is a Ukrainian swimmer. He represented Ukraine at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships held in Gwangju, South Korea. In the same year, he won the silver medal in the men's 200 metre butterfly event at the 2019 Military World Games held in Wuhan, China.
In 2018, he represented Ukraine at the Summer Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He won the silver medal in the boys' 200 metre butterfly event. He also competed in the boys' 50 metre butterfly and boys' 100 metre butterfly events.
References
External links
Living people
2000 births
Ukrainian male swimmers
Male butterfly swimmers
Swimmers at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Ukraine
People from Kryvyi Rih
Sportspeople from Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
Jacqueline Anne Harkness Lait (born 16 December 1947) is a British Conservative Party politician and former Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituencies of Hastings and Rye (1992–1997) and Beckenham (1997–2010).
Early life
Lait was born in Paisley, Renfrewshire, attending Paisley Grammar School and the University of Strathclyde, where she received a bachelor's degree in business management. After graduating, Lait worked in public relations for the jute industry in Dundee later working for the television news agency Visnews. Lait worked for the Government Information Service and later the Department of Employment in 1974. In 1980, Lait joined the Chemical Industries Association as parliamentary adviser. She has also run her own parliamentary consultancy.
Political career
Lait was a candidate for Strathclyde West for the 1984 European elections and the following year stood in the by-election for Tyne Bridge where she finished in third place behind David Clelland and Rod Kenyon. She was selected as the Conservative candidate for Hastings and Rye in April 1991.
Lait won the Hastings and Rye seat in the 1992 general election and in 1996 became the first female Conservative Whip. She lost her seat at the 1997 general election, following a dispute with local fishermen, but later in the same year was elected MP for Beckenham via a by-election after the resignation of Piers Merchant.
Upon the election of the new Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith in September 2001, Lait was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Scotland. The position had been vacant since 1997 as the Conservatives had no representation in the UK Parliament from Scottish constituencies. Peter Duncan was elected to a Scottish constituency in the 2001 election and he took over as Shadow Scottish Secretary from Lait in 2003 when she became shadow Home Affairs Minister. A reshuffle after the 2005 general election saw her appointed as shadow Minister for London. Two years later, she was handed the additional duties of shadow Minister for Planning.
She over-claimed for the mortgage interest on her second home, and was ordered to pay back over £7,000.
Lait stood down as an MP at the 2010 general election.
Personal life
Lait is married to Peter Jones, former leader of East Sussex County Council.
References
External links
Guardian Unlimited Politics – Ask Aristotle: Jacqui Lait MP
TheyWorkForYou.com – Jacqui Lait, MP
The Public Whip Jacqui Lait, MP's voting record
1947 births
Living people
Scottish politicians
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
Scottish businesspeople
Alumni of the University of Strathclyde
People educated at Paisley Grammar School
Politicians from Paisley, Renfrewshire
20th-century British women politicians
21st-century British women politicians
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
21st-century English women
21st-century English people
Bourron-Marlotte–Grez is a railway station between Bourron-Marlotte and Grez-sur-Loing, Île-de-France, France.
The station
The station opened in 1860 and is on the Moret–Lyon railway. The station is served by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon) operated by SNCF.
Gallery
See also
Transilien Paris–Lyon
References
External links
Railway stations in Seine-et-Marne
Railway stations in France opened in 1860
Cocktail Time is a comic novel by P. G. Wodehouse, first published in the United Kingdom on 20 June 1958 by Herbert Jenkins, London and in the United States on 24 July 1958 by Simon & Schuster, Inc., New York. A condensed version of the story was originally published in the Ladies' Home Journal (US) in one issue in April 1958. It is the third novel to feature Frederick Twistleton, Earl of Ickenham, better known as Uncle Fred.
Plot
The story begins as Uncle Fred knocks off Sir Raymond Bastable's top hat with a Brazil nut fired through the window of the Drones Club from a catapult. Sir Raymond assumes that the culprit was a young Drone, but is unsure how to respond, knowing that a letter to the Times would open him to ridicule, especially as he is about to stand for Parliament. Uncle Fred suggests writing a novel exposing the iniquities of the younger generation. The eventual novel, “Cocktail Time”, which Bastable publishes under a pseudonym, becomes a succès de scandale after being condemned by a bishop. Afraid of being unmasked as the author, Bastable allows his ne'er-do-well nephew Cosmo Wisdom to take the credit, and the royalties, of the book. With his friend Gordon “Oily” Carlisle, and Carlisle's wife Gertie, Cosmo plots to blackmail Bastable, and writes a letter revealing the true author of “Cocktail Time”. Much of the rest of the book is concerned with various characters' attempts to get hold of the letter.
The action moves to Dovetail Hammer, Berks, where Uncle Fred is staying with his godson Johnny Pearce. Johnny is in love with Belinda Farringdon, but needs £500 in order to marry her. Uncle Fred resolves to help, but for the time being is more concerned with retrieving the letter. It so happens that Sir Raymond Bastable is also living in Dovetail Hammer, with his sister Phoebe Wisdom, Cosmo's mother, and Sir Raymond's butler, Albert Peasemarch (who is secretly in love with Phoebe), as tenants of Johnny Pearce.
Oily travels to Dovetail Hammer and attempts to blackmail Sir Raymond, but Uncle Fred manages to extract the letter by posing as Inspector Jervis of the Yard. He then blackmails Bastable into treating Phoebe more kindly by keeping the letter himself. Cosmo and Bastable discover that the movie rights of the book could be worth a fortune. Cosmo changes his mind, deciding that he'd like to be the author of "Cocktail Time" after all. Needing the letter back, Cosmo proceeds to Dovetail Hammer. Oily
Uncle Fred unwisely gives the letter to Albert Peasemarch for safekeeping. However, while drunk, Peasemarch reveals the letter's location to Cosmo. As Cosmo retrieves the letter, Oily and Gertie attack him, knocking him out and steal the letter. She and Oily hide it in an imitation walnut cabinet, which is taken away to be auctioned. However, Uncle Fred finds the letter and removes it, allowing Oily and Cosmo to bid against each other fiercely. Uncle Fred extracts £500 from Sir Raymond in return for the letter, which he gives to Johnny, allowing Johnny to marry Belinda. Sir Raymond gets the movie rights to “Cocktail Time”, and marries his longtime admirer Barbara Crowe, while Albert marries Phoebe.
Publication history
Cocktail Time was published in April 1958 in the Ladies' Home Journal magazine with illustrations by Al Parker. One other Wodehouse story was published in the Ladies' Home Journal, The Return of Jeeves, in 1954.
The illustration on the first US edition dust jacket was by Robert Shore.
The story was included in the collection The World of Uncle Fred, published in August 1983 by Hutchinson, London.
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Cocktail Time (list of characters, synopsis), P. G. Wodehouse bibliography (in English), The Russian Wodehouse Society
Novels by P. G. Wodehouse
1958 British novels
British comedy novels
Novels set in Berkshire
Herbert Jenkins books
Works originally published in Ladies' Home Journal
Citrus psorosis ophiovirus is a plant pathogenic virus infecting citrus plants worldwide. It is considered the most serious and detrimental virus pathogen of these trees.
Psorosis disease
Psorosis includes various graft-transmitted diseases all of which can be associated with different pathogenic strains including the more mild CPs-V-A and more severe CPsV-B. The virus is characterized by a single-stranded RNA molecule with a 48 kDa coat protein and a spiral filament structure.
Common hosts of this disease are citrus and herbaceous plants like sweet orange, grapefruit, mandarin, and Mexican lime. Symptoms of infected hosts consist of interveinal chlorotic flecks and leaf mottling in younger tissues–in more severe cases these symptoms persist in older tissues. In mild cases, the bark of the trunk or limbs may exhibit scaling and flaking. Later in the disease cycle, gum can permeate into the wood and form an irregular circular pattern. In more severe cases symptoms include rapid expansion of bark lesions, gum-impregnated lesions on twigs, and chlorotic patterns on fruit.
Techniques used for the identification of citrus psorosis virus include the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) that uses a specific antibody to determine the antigen, polymerase chain reaction to amplify target sequences, and detecting nucleic acids by lateral flow microarrays. Other methods commonly used are direct tissue blot immunoassays, fluorescence in-situ hybridization, immunofluorescence, and electron microscopy for viral pathogen detection.
Citrus psorosis virus is often transmitted mechanically by infected budwood or contaminated tools. Additionally, the disease has the potential to proliferate through root grafting or infected seeds. The best management practices that can be implemented involve sourcing indexed and certified disease-free budwood, temporary recovery by pruning infected bark, host removal, and disinfection of machinery or equipment.
Isolation
The Citrus psorosis virus Egyptian strain (CPsV-EG) was isolated from naturally infected citrus grapefruit (Citrus paradisi Macf.) at ARC. The grapefruit used for CPsV-EG isolatation was found to be free from CTV, CEVd and Spiroplasma citri by testing with DTBIA, tissue print hybridization and Diene's stain respectively.
CPsV-EG isolate was transmitted from infected citrus to citrus by syringe and grafting and herbaceous plants by forefinger inoculation and syringe. The woody indicators and rootstocks were differed in response to CPsV-EG isolate which appeared as no-response, response, sensitivity and hypersensitivity. A partial fragment of RNA3 (coat protein gene) of CPsV-EG (–1140bp and –571bp) was amplified by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) from grapefruit tissues using two sets primers specific CPsV (CPV3 and CPV4) and (PS66 and PS65) respectively. The virus under study was identified as CPsV-EG isolate according to biological, serological and molecular characters. The serological characters represented as the antigenic determinants of CPsV-EG isolate related to monoclonal antibodies specific CPsV strain where as appeared precipitation reaction by DAS-ELISA and DTBIA.
CPsV-EG was detected on the basis of biological indexing by graft inoculation which gave oak leaf pattern (OLP) on Dweet tangor and serological assay by DAS-ELISA using Mab specific CPsV. CPsV-EG was reacted with variable responses on 16 host plants belonging to 6 families. Only 8 host plants are susceptible and showed visible external symptoms which appeared as local, systemic and local followed by systemic infections.
Histology
Young grapefruit leaves of both healthy and CPsV-EG infected plants have been studied histologically and ultrastructurally.
In general CPsV-EG-infection affects the upper epidermis of the leaf which is composed of non-tabular parenchyma cells covered by a thin layer of cuticle. Crystal idioblast (CI) containing cells are lacking in the palisade layer and protrude into the epidermis. The oil glands are lacking compared with healthy leaf. Secondary growth occurs in midvein and major lateral veins in smaller veinlets. The vein endings consist of a single trachoid strand of elongated parenchyma cells enclosed by the bundle sheath compared with healthy ones.
The ultrastructure of infected leaves showed a number of changes. Infected cells have large numbers of abnormal chloroplasts, mitochondria and hypertrophied nuclei. Cells of CPsV-EG infected citrus plants have abnormally elongated and curved mitochondria. The nuclei have several dark stained bodies, which are displaced toward nucleus periphery along the nuclear envelope. Sometimes nucleolus appear abnormally shaped. Inclusion bodies that may contain virus particles are also found.
Strains
Three Egyptian isolates of Citrus psorosis virus (CPsV-EG)—ARC, TB and TN—were obtained from three citrus cultivars—Grapefruit, Balady and Navel—respectively. This isolates were differed in some of their external symptoms. The CPsV-EG isolates were detected by biological indexing, giving rise to Oak Leaf Pattern (OLP) on Dweet tangor. The three isolates were differentiated using Double Antibody Sandwich-Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (DAS-ELISA), woody indicator plants, differential hosts, peroxidase isozymes and activity, total RNA content and Reserves Transcription-Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR). The severe isolate (ARC) gave the highest OD value (2.204) in ELISA, followed by the mild isolate (TB) (1.958) and the last latent isolate (TN) (1.669). This isolates differed also in incubation period, intensity of symptoms and response to sensitivity of woody indicator plants and differential hosts. The CPsV-EG isolates showed differences in isozymes fractions, RF value and intensity as compared with healthy plant. Results were confirmed by peroxidase activity where the level of peroxidase activity was considerably higher in ARC leaves than TB and the last TN. The total RNA content in infected leaves gave the highest content in ARC followed by TB isolate while the lowest was recorded in TN isolate. Finally, RT-PCR showed differences between CPsV-EG isolates of PCR products using specific primer (Ps66 and Ps65) where base number of coat protein gene ARC isolate 571 bp; TB isolate 529 bp and TN isolate 546 bp.
References
Viral citrus diseases
Aspiviridae
Ársæll Kristjánsson (born 5 October 1958) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a defender. He won two caps for the Iceland national football team; his first international appearance came in the 2–1 win against Saudi Arabia on 25 September 1984. Kristjánsson played his second and final match for Iceland in the 1–0 victory over the Faroe Islands on 12 July 1985.
References
Ársæll Kristjánsson international appearances at ksi.is
1958 births
Living people
Arsaell Kristjansson
Association football defenders
Arsaell Kristjansson
Arsaell Kristjansson
Arsaell Kristjansson
What Works Clearinghouse (WWC) is a digital library of educational research which focuses on evidence-based education.
A 2006 report described that many researchers perceived the WWC to be passive cataloger of available research. In contrast to that view, the paper described a series of opinionated subjective decisions which the WWC made about providing some educational research and declining to index another sort.
WWC is established in 2002 as a project of the Institute of Education Sciences.
The WWC recommendations for interpreting the results of single-case educational studies is the subject of discussion.
The WWC has systems for evaluating the effectiveness of educational research in general and curricula.
Various researchers use WWC itself as the platform through which they access other research.
Some of the concerns expressed about WWC are that it appears to have difficulty keeping up with the research so it may not be current; and when a program is not listed on their database, it may be that it did not meet their criteria or they have not yet reviewed it, but you don't know which. In addition Straight Talk on Evidence, authored by the Arnold Ventures LLC' Evidence-Based Policy team , on January 16, 2018 expressed concerns about the validity of the ratings provided by WWC. It says WWC in some cases reported a "preliminary outcome when high-quality RCTs found no significant effects on more important and final educational outcomes".
References
Further reading
Criticisms of What Works Clearinghouse by National Institute of Direct Instruction
External links
Educational research
Bibliographic databases and indexes
Educational organizations based in the United States
Government-owned websites of the United States
Discipline-oriented digital libraries
Vrbani may refer to:
Vrbani, Zagreb, a neighbourhood of western Zagreb
Vrbani, Istria County, a village near Vižinada
Joseph (Joe) Koenig is a Canadian entrepreneur who was founder and president of Electronics Workbench. Koenig's first company was Interactive Image Technologies in Toronto, Ontario, and specialized in producing educational movies and documentaries. When the government of Ontario needed an educational tool for teaching electronics in colleges, the company created an electronics circuit simulator called Electronics Workbench.
Biography
Joe Koenig emigrated to Canada from Germany with his family in 1937, when they fled Nazi Germany. They settled on a farm along the Grand River, outside what is now known as Cambridge, Ontario.
Koenig began his career as a filmmaker in 1956 at the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). He directed and produced dozens of films over his 14 1/2-year career at the NFB, including Cosmic Zoom, Christopher's Movie Matinée and The Rise and Fall of the Great Lakes. Through his work as a director and producer, Koenig began experimenting with multimedia as an educational tool.
He left NFB in 1969 and, with John Kemeny and George Kaczender, formed International Cinemedia Center where he produced films for Sesame Street and other educational clients in Canada and the United States. During the 1970s, he collaborated with Caleb Gattegno to produce animation contents that presented educational content for English language learning. He relocated to Toronto in 1978 and transformed International Cinemedia Center into Interactive Image Technologies in 1985, and began producing and distributing educational interactive videos. In 1992, the Ontario Government modified its high school curriculum to require the teaching of electronics. A call for proposals to provide a simulation software package to meet the required learning outcomes was issued, and Koenig's company was awarded the contract.
In 1995, Koenig became embroiled in a copyright lawsuit that gained international attention. He sued the operator of a website that distributed illegal copies of his software through a bulletin-board and was successful in his lawsuit, which was filed in the UK.
One of the main challenges faced by early versions of Electronics Workbench, was the reluctance of educators to use simulation software as part of their electronics curriculum. In the early 1990s, there was considerable opposition among the electronics education community regarding the use of simulation software for the delivery of electronics curriculum. Many educators felt that a "hands on" methodology was the only valid method of learning electronics, and that simulation was a less-effective substitute.
In 1996, Koenig approached best-selling author Dr. Colin Simpson, with the idea of integrating his simulation software with Simpson's book Principles of Electronics and to offer an Electronics technician program where the entire learning outcomes for laboratory projects would be achieved with simulation. Simpson and Koenig embarked on a series of lectures, conference presentations and meetings with accrediting organizations throughout 1996, where they demonstrated that electronics simulation software could achieve identical results to laboratory experiments performed with real equipment.
The partnership between Koenig and Simpson led to the creation of the Electronics Technician distance education program, which became the largest electronics program in the world. The program won a National Award in 1998, and established Electronics Workbench as a leading educational resource.
In 1999, Koenig oversaw the acquisition of Ultimate Technology Inc. (UTI) located in the Netherlands. The integration of Multisim with UTI's PCB layout and design, transformed Koenig's company into a global Electronic Design Automation (EDA) company with an installed base of over 150,000 customers.
Later years
By the year 2000, Koenig's vision of laboratory simulation software in every school was largely realized and he began to take a more passive role in the strategic planning and day-to-day operation of his company. He announced his retirement as Chief Executive Officer in 2003, and in 2005, Koenig sold his company to National Instruments.
References
National Film Board of Canada people
Canadian documentary film directors
Film directors from Ontario
Canadian cinematographers
Canadian documentary film producers
Living people
1930 births
People from Dresden
German emigrants to Canada
People from the Regional Municipality of Waterloo
Fouad A. Ajami (; September 18, 1945 – June 22, 2014) was a MacArthur Fellowship winning, Lebanese-born American university professor and writer on Middle Eastern issues. He was a senior fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution.
Ajami was an outspoken supporter of the Bush Doctrine and the 2003 invasion of Iraq, which he believed to have been a "noble war" and a "gift" to the people of Iraq.
Early life and education
Ajami was born in Arnoun, a rocky hamlet in the south of Lebanon into a Shia Muslim family. His Shia great-grandfather had immigrated to Arnoun from Tabriz, Iran in the 1850s. In Arabic, the word "Ajam" means "non-Arab" or "non-Arabic-speaker"; specifically in this context, it means "Persian" or "Persian-speaker." Ajami arrived in the United States in the fall of 1963, just before he turned 18. He did some of his undergraduate work at Eastern Oregon State College (now Eastern Oregon University) in La Grande, Oregon. He did his graduate work at the University of Washington, where he wrote his thesis on international relations and world government, and earned a PhD.
Career
Academia
In 1973 Ajami joined the politics department of Princeton University. He made a name for himself there as a vocal supporter of Palestinian self-determination. In 1980, the School of Advanced International Studies of Johns Hopkins University named him director of Middle East Studies. He joined the Hoover Institution in 2011.
Government
Ajami was an advisor to United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice as well as a friend and colleague of Paul Wolfowitz.
Journalism
Ajami was a frequent contributor on Middle Eastern issues and contemporary international history to The New York Times Book Review, Foreign Affairs, The New Republic, The Wall Street Journal, as well as other journals and periodicals. He was also a contributor and close friend to Anderson Cooper of CNN. He was also a frequent guest on Fox News Channel's "America's News Headquarters w/ Uma Pemmaraju"
Television
Ajami frequently appeared on PBS, CBS, CNN and Fox News.
Books
In "The Fate of Nonalignment," an essay in the Winter 1980/81 issue of the journal Foreign Affairs, Ajami outlined how the third world has fared in a context of nonalignment in post Cold war politics. In 1980, he accepted an offer from Johns Hopkins University to become director of Middle East Studies at their international relations graduate program in Washington, D.C.: the Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS). He holds an endowed chair as the Majid Khadduri professor.
A year after arriving at SAIS, Ajami published his first book, The Arab Predicament, which analyzed what Ajami described as an intellectual and political crisis that swept the Arab world following its defeat by Israel in the 1967 Six-Day War.
Subsequently, Ajami has written several other books: The Dream Palace of the Arabs: A Generation's Odyssey (1998), Beirut: City of Regrets (1988), and The Vanished Imam: Musa Al-Sadr and the Shia of Lebanon (1986).
In The Dream Palace of the Arabs: A Generation's Odyssey, Ajami surveyed the intellectual landscape in the Arab world and Iran, in what was in some ways an autobiography as well as a sequel to "The Arab Predicament." On Middle Eastern politics, he wrote of "a world where triumph rarely comes with mercy or moderation." On Pan-Arabism, he described the ideology as "Sunni dominion dressed in secular garb."
Ajami's book The Foreigner's Gift: The Americans, The Arabs and The Iraqis in Iraq (2006), is about the American invasion of Iraq.
Crosswinds: The Way of Saudi Arabia (2020), was published posthumously, by the Hoover Institute.
Philosophy
View of Huntington's "Clash of Civilizations"
One notable contribution Ajami made in the September October 1993 issue of Foreign Affairs was a rebuttal to Samuel Huntington's "The Clash of Civilizations?", regarding the state and future of international relations after the Cold War. According to Judith Miller, Ajami continued to argue that militant Islamism of the type represented by Al Qaeda had peaked and was fading into insignificance.
Huntington presents a world divided at the highest level into eight civilizations, and includes a number of countries that are "torn" between two civilizations, arguing that these civilizational divides are far more fundamental than economic interests, ideology, and regimes, and that the world is becoming a smaller place with increasingly close interactions. He further claims that the pre-eminence of a so-called "kin-country" syndrome will provide a civilizational rallying point that will replace political ideology and traditional "balance of power" considerations for relations between states and nations, resulting in a division between the West and "the rest" creating a backlash against Western values (which supposedly "differ fundamentally" from those prevalent in other civilizations).
In his article "The Summoning", Ajami criticises Huntington for ignoring the empirical complexities and state interests which drive conflicts in and between civilizations. Ajami believes that states will remain the dominant factor influencing the global framework and interaction. He also argues that civilizational ties are only utilized by states and groups when it is in their best interest to do so and that modernity and secularism are here to stay, especially in places with considerable struggles to obtain them, and he cites the example of the Indian middle class. Ajami also believes that civilizations do not control states; rather, states control civilizations.
Ajami later relented on his initial criticism of Huntington's theories in the January 6, 2008 issue of the New York Times Book Review in an article titled "The Clash" in which he wrote that "Huntington's thesis about a civilizational clash seems more compelling to me than the critique I provided at that time."
Support for Iraq War
Ajami was an outspoken supporter of the Iraq War, which he believed “issued out of a deep American frustration... with the culture of terrorism that had put down roots in Arab lands."
In an August 2002 speech before the Veterans of Foreign Wars, US Vice President Dick Cheney sought to assuage concerns about the anticipated US invasion of Iraq, stating: "As for the reaction of the Arab 'street,' the Middle East expert Professor Fouad Ajami predicts that after liberation, the streets in Basra and Baghdad are 'sure to erupt in joy in the same way the throngs in Kabul greeted the Americans.'"
Ajami cautioned the United States about the likely negative consequences of the Iraq War. In a 2003 essay in Foreign Affairs, "Iraq and the Arabs' Future," Ajami wrote,
There should be no illusions about the sort of Arab landscape that America is destined to find if, or when, it embarks on a war against the Iraqi regime. There would be no "hearts and minds" to be won in the Arab world, no public diplomacy that would convince the overwhelming majority of Arabs that this war would be a just war. An American expedition in the wake of thwarted UN inspections would be seen by the vast majority of Arabs as an imperial reach into their world, a favor to Israel, or a way for the United States to secure control over Iraq's oil. No hearing would be given to the great foreign power.
But he also goes on to say:
America ought to be able to live with this distrust and discount a good deal of this anti-Americanism as the "road rage" of a thwarted Arab world – the congenital condition of a culture yet to take full responsibility for its self-inflicted wounds. There is no need to pay excessive deference to the political pieties and givens of the region. Indeed, this is one of those settings where a reforming foreign power's simpler guidelines offer a better way than the region's age-old prohibitions and defects.
Ajami retained a positive view of the war three years later. In a 2006 book on the invasion and its aftermath, he described it as a noble effort, and argued that despite many unhappy consequences, it was too soon to write it off as a failure.
Vice President Cheney cited Ajami again in an October 21, 2007 speech to the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, stating, "We have no illusions about the road ahead. As Fouad Ajami said recently, Iraq is not yet 'a country at peace, and all its furies have not burned out, but a measure of order has begun to stick on the ground.'"
Eight days after U.S. President Barack Obama took office, a Wall Street Journal op-ed piece by Ajami called Obama a "messenger of the old, settled ways," claimed that the George W. Bush administration's diplomacy had had "revolutionary impact," and chided Obama for not praising the Iraq War. Ajami credited the Egyptian Revolution and Tunisian revolution to the Iraq War and Bush's advocacy of democracy:
He also stated, however, that
In June 2011, Ajami wrote an article for The New Republic arguing that the U.S. troops should remain in Iraq, writing that "the United States will have to be prepared for and accept the losses and adversity that are an integral part of staying on, rightly, in so tangled and difficult a setting." On June 13, 2011 he wrote in the Wall Street Journal about the unrest in Syria that "The mask of the Assad regime finally falls..."
Death
On June 22, 2014, Ajami died from prostate cancer at a summer home in Maine, aged 68.
Awards
Ajami was a 1982 winner of a five-year MacArthur Prize Fellowship in the arts and sciences.
In 2006, he was awarded the National Humanities Medal by President Bush, and the Bradley Prize, and in 2011 he earned the Benjamin Franklin Award for public service, and the Eric Breindel Award for Excellence in Opinion Journalism.
Memberships
Ajami was a member of the Board of Directors of the Council on Foreign Relations, and the Board of Advisors of the journal Foreign Affairs. Ajami was a founding member of ASMEA (The Association for the Study of the Middle East and Africa) and was Vice Chairman of its academic council. Ajami also sat on the editorial board of Middle East Quarterly, a publication of the Middle East Forum think tank. He was a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and the cochair of their Working Group on Islamism and the International Order.
References
External links
Fouad Ajami at Johns Hopkins SAIS
Association for the Study of the Middle East and Africa (ASMEA)
Iraq and the Arabs' Future, 2003
Fouad Ajami speaks at the Council on Foreign Relations on July 11, 2006 about his book, The Foreigner's Gift: The Americans, The Arabs and The Iraqis in Iraq
Iraq in the Balance WSJ op-ed by Ajami, April 11, 2007
"A Cold-Blooded Foreign Policy", op-ed by Ajami, Wall Street Journal, December 30, 2009
Fouad Ajami of Johns Hopkins University on Charlie Rose
Remembering Fouad Ajami By Francis A. Boyle
Ajami's articles on Foreign Affairs
1945 births
2014 deaths
MacArthur Fellows
Lebanese emigrants to the United States
Lebanese people of Iranian descent
University of Washington alumni
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Princeton University faculty
Middle Eastern studies in the United States
Middle East Forum
American people of Iranian descent
American people of Arab descent
Eastern Oregon University alumni
National Humanities Medal recipients
Hoover Institution people
People from Nabatieh District
The Clermont County Courthouse is located at 270 East Main Street in Batavia, Ohio. It was built by the Works Progress Administration and opened in 1936.
Previous buildings
Clermont County was established in 1804 under an enabling act passed by the Ohio General Assembly. The county seat was located at Williamsburg and construction of a courthouse began soon after. The cost of the courthouse was $1,499 and was designed by Nicholas Sinks. The two-story stone structure was rectangular and was located in the public square. The courthouse remained in use until 1823.
When Brown County was established in 1817, a large chunk of Clermont County went with it. During this time the General Assembly moved the county seat to New Richmond despite protests from Williamsburg. A site was planned and set aside for the courthouse in New Richmond but nothing was ever built. The General Assembly convened again and changed the county seat to Batavia on February 24, 1824.
The Commissioners held a contest for the design of the courthouse and chose the plans from Ezekiel Dimmit for $3,484. The courthouse was designed in a combination of the Federal and Greek Revival styles. The building was rectangular in shape and contained a central projection containing a clock and capped by a cupola. The courthouse remained in service for nearly 108 years, until the county decided a larger courthouse was needed. Unfortunately for the county, an elaborate replacement was not feasible, due to the Great Depression.
Current building
The current courthouse was designed by the architectural firm of Hunt & Allan in the Neoclassical style for $100,000. The building has a rectangular footprint and is three stories high. The facade of the building is lined with red brick and limestone trimwork. The building's main entrance is accessed by a flight of stairs and is framed by four large Tuscan piers supporting an entablature above. A window is located to each side of the central door with a window directly in line on the second floor. The wings to either side of the entrance projection contains three windows on each floor. The flat roof is hidden behind a solid balustrade.
An addition behind the old courthouse was finished in 1998. The design was approved by the commissioners and was submitted by Steinkamp, Steinkamp & Hampton. The building was designed in Greek Revival style and contains a central pediment supported by Tuscan columns with brick bases. The pediment contains an elliptical window. A drum rises from the roofline and is topped by a clock tower capped by a dome.
Further reading
References
External links
Clermont County Clerk of Courts Public Records
Buildings and structures in Clermont County, Ohio
County courthouses in Ohio
Government buildings completed in 1936
Works Progress Administration in Ohio
Lanny Arthur Breuer (born August 5, 1958) is an American criminal defense lawyer who currently serves as vice chair of Covington & Burling LLP. From 2009 to 2013, he served as Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division of the U.S. Department of Justice under President Barack Obama. From 1997 to 1999, he served as Special Counsel to President Bill Clinton. He is a fellow of the American College of Trial Lawyers.
Early life and education
Breuer grew up in Elmhurst, Queens, where he attended Newtown High School. Breuer's parents were both Holocaust refugees; his father from Austria and his mother from Germany. His mother's parents were both murdered in the Holocaust. Breuer's father, a journalist in Vienna, came to America after fleeing to England. In the United States, Breuer's father was the music editor of Aufbau, a German language newspaper in New York. Breuer graduated from Columbia College in 1980 and Columbia Law School in 1985.
Career
Early career
After graduating from Columbia Law School, Breuer was an assistant district attorney in Manhattan from 1985 to 1989. Asked how his mother reacted to his decision to become a junior DA after an expensive Columbia education, he recalled:
My parents just never made any money at all. I called up my mother to break the news that her son was not going to a law firm: "Mom, you've just got to remember that Cy Vance Jr. - who, of course, is now the D.A. — he's in the D.A.'s office. And Dan Rather Jr., he's in the D.A.'s office. And Andrew Cuomo, the son of the governor, he's in the D.A.'s office." There was a long pause. And my mother said: "Them? They should go to the D.A.'s office. You? You should go to a firm."
As an assistant district attorney, he prosecuted violent crime, such as armed robbery and gang violence, white collar crime, and other offenses.
From 1989 until 1997, Breuer practiced law with the law firm of Covington & Burling LLP in Washington, D.C. In this period, he represented U.S. Marine Sergeant Justin Elzie, one of the first U.S. service members to challenge his dismissal from the military for revealing that he was gay. He also received attention for defending Corey Moore in a first-degree murder trial.
White House Counsel's Office
In 1997, Breuer joined the White House Counsel's Office as special counsel to President Bill Clinton, working under counsel to the president Charles F.C. Ruff. As special counsel, Breuer defended the White House and President Clinton in the congressional and Justice Department investigations of the Clinton campaign's fundraising.
He also defended the White House and President Clinton in the various independent counsel investigations, including Ken Starr's Lewinsky investigation. During the impeachment proceedings against President Clinton, he defended the President in the impeachment hearings in the House and the impeachment trial in the Senate.
Private practice
Prior to becoming assistant attorney general, Breuer was a partner in the Washington law firm of Covington & Burling LLP and the co-chairman of its white-collar defense and investigations practice group. Breuer was best known for his work representing the subjects of congressional investigations. He represented the University of California in an investigation of Los Alamos National Laboratory, Moody's Investor Service in the wake of Enron's collapse, Halliburton/KBR in a hearing conducted by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Roger Clemens, Yahoo!, and the Special Litigation Committee of the Board of Directors of Hewlett Packard.
Breuer made headlines when a former colleague from the White House, Sandy Berger, asked for representation after an investigation disclosed Berger's theft of classified documents from the National Archives.
Assistant attorney general
On January 22, 2009, President Obama selected Breuer to head the Criminal Division of the Department of Justice. He was confirmed by the Senate on April 20, 2009, by a vote of 88–0. He immediately began recruiting elite lawyers from corporate firms, they later became known as the Breu Crew, in hopes of finding those responsible for culpable actions which eventually contributed to the financial crisis of 2008. The crackdown never took place.
FCPA enforcement and anti-corruption initiatives
During his tenure as assistant attorney general, Breuer substantially increased enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), bringing in billions in penalties and leading prosecutions against numerous individuals.
His team has secured convictions against over three dozen individuals since 2009. Among the most noteworthy corporate resolutions in the FCPA area since Breuer became AAG is those involving BAE Systems ($400 million), JGC Corporation ($218.8 million), Daimler AG ($185 million), and Johnson & Johnson ($70 million).
On November 15, 2012, Breuer announced with the Securities and Exchange Commission the release of long-awaited guidance on the Department of Justice's and SEC's approach to FCPA enforcement. The 120-page guide, A Resource Guide to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act — was largely praised by the business and enforcement communities.
Financial fraud and money laundering
In June 2012, under Breuer's leadership, the Fraud Section resolved an investigation of Barclays Bank into the bank's manipulation of the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, the premier benchmark for short-term interest rates. Barclays entered into a non-prosecution agreement with the Justice Department, pursuant to which it agreed to pay $160 million. This was part of an approximately $450 million total resolution with U.S. and British authorities. Shortly after the announcement of the Barclays resolution, the top leadership of the bank was forced to resign.
On December 19, 2012, Attorney General Holder and Breuer announced the second LIBOR resolution, this time with UBS AG and UBS Japan. UBS Japan agreed to plead guilty to wire fraud, and UBS AG entered into a non-prosecution agreement with the government and, together with UBS Japan, agreed to pay $500 million in penalties. This was part of an approximately $1.5 billion total resolution with U.S., British, and Swiss authorities. In addition, two individual former UBS traders were charged by criminal complaint with manipulating LIBOR for their own ends.
On December 11, 2012, Breuer announced that HSBC agreed to forfeit $1.25 billion – the largest forfeiture by a bank in U.S. history – and to pay $665 million in civil penalties for violating the Bank Secrecy Act, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, and the Trading With the Enemy Act. HSBC would not be criminally prosecuted for alleged terrorist financing. Commentator Glenn Greenwald noted the disparity between that decision and the extremely harsh penalties regularly doled out to powerless American Muslims accused of similar behavior. A New York Times editorial called the decision, a "dark day for the rule of law." This incident cemented his career legacy as failure to the people of the United States of America.
The department has also reached resolutions with, among others, ING Bank ($619 million), Standard Chartered ($227 million), and MoneyGram ($100 million).
Under Breuer's tenure, the Criminal Division also secured the conviction and 30-year prison sentence of the former chairman of Taylor, Bean & Whitaker in a $3 billion bank fraud, and the conviction and 110-year prison sentence of R. Allen Stanford for perpetrating a $7 billion Ponzi scheme.
BP oil spill
On November 15, 2012, Breuer and Attorney General Holder jointly announced the largest criminal resolution in history in connection with the April 20, 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion. As part of the resolution, BP agreed to plead guilty to 11 felony manslaughter charges, environmental crimes, and obstruction of Congress, and to pay $4 billion in criminal fines and penalties. In addition to resolving charges against the corporation, the two highest-ranking supervisors on board the Deepwater Horizon were charged with manslaughter, and a former BP executive was charged with obstruction of Congress and making false statements.
Organized and violent crime and cooperation with Mexico
Breuer coordinated the largest mafia takedown in the U.S. Department of Justice's history, announcing with Attorney General Holder in January 2011 charges against more than 125 members of La Cosa Nostra. The division has also prosecuted the most notorious national and international violent gangs operating in U.S. cities and along the southwest border, such as MS-13 in North Carolina, Maryland, and California, and the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas.
The division also brought the largest U.S. prosecution of an international criminal network organized to sexually exploit children. Along with these efforts, Breuer and his team led the extradition of more than 300 defendants from Mexico since 2009, including over 110 defendants in 2012. He has also overseen the investigations of the murders of U.S. citizens and others in Mexico, including ICE Agent Jaime Zapata.
Fast and Furious
In December 2011, Senator Chuck Grassley called for Breuer's resignation due to his involvement with Operation Fast and Furious. In October 2011, Breuer stated that he regretted having not done more to raise concerns at the U.S. Justice Department.
In September 2012, the Justice Department's Office of Inspector General released a comprehensive report examining Operation Fast and Furious and related matters. The report exonerated Breuer with respect to the operation, concluding that he did not authorize any of the investigative activities in Operation Fast and Furious, including the wiretap applications, and was unaware in 2009 or 2010 that ATF agents in Operation Fast and Furious were failing to interdict firearms. Grassley stated that the report was wrong, citing evidence that Breuer was fully aware of the operation and had lied to Congress during his testimony.
Additional items
Breuer was in this position during the prosecution of Thomas Andrews Drake, an NSA whistleblower indicted in 2010 under the Espionage Act of 1917 for "retaining national defense information", which led investigative reporter Jane Mayer to write, "Because reporters often retain unauthorized defense documents, Drake's conviction would establish a legal precedent making it possible to prosecute journalists as spies."
Criticism
Breuer was criticized by many for failing to pursue criminal cases against major financial institutions, like UBS and HSBC. Author Matt Taibbi, in his book, The Divide, argued that Breuer was "risk averse" and that he and Attorney General Eric Holder were overly concerned about the "collateral damage in the form of bad press and political fallout" should they lose a criminal prosecution and thus pushed for cash settlements over proper criminal procedure.
Departure from DOJ and return to private practice
On January 23, 2013, the Washington Post reported that Breuer was expected to step down and leave the office after being one of the longest-serving heads of the Criminal Division.
The Washington Post article followed the broadcast of a Frontline program criticizing the paucity of prosecutions arising from Wall Street fraud, given the relative ease with which Frontline investigators located whistleblowers. Breuer explained his reasons in the broadcast, focusing on a perceived lack of evidence sufficient to overcome the evidentiary standard of beyond a reasonable doubt and the economic effect of bringing a case against a systemically important institution.
On January 30, 2013, AAG Breuer's departure was confirmed by the Justice Department, as taking place on March 1, 2013.
Upon leaving the DOJ, Breuer rejoined Covington & Burling as its vice chair. The New York Times speculated that he could earn as much as $4 million in private practice.
Media representation
Breuer features extensively in PBS Frontline's 'Untouchables'.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American lawyers
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia Law School alumni
Columbia University alumni
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
Members of the Council on Foreign Relations
People associated with Covington & Burling
United States Assistant Attorneys General for the Criminal Division
New York County Assistant District Attorneys
Gandharv Singh ( – 9 December 2019) was an Indian politician from Himachal Pradesh. He was a legislator of the Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly.
Biography
Singh was elected as a legislator of the Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly from Banikhet in 1990 as a Bharatiya Janata Party candidate.
Singh decided to take part in the 2012 Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly election as a Bharatiya Janata Party candidate from Bhattiyat. But he was not nominated and Bikram Singh Jariyal was nominated instead of him. He became angry with Bharatiya Janata Party and sat on hunger strike. Later, he quit the party and joined Indian National Congress.
Singh died on 9 December 2019 at the age of 87.
References
1930s births
2019 deaths
Himachal Pradesh MLAs 1990–1992
Indian National Congress politicians from Himachal Pradesh
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Himachal Pradesh
People from Chamba district
The San Francisco Sea Lions were a Negro league baseball team in the West Coast Negro Baseball League, based in San Francisco, California, in 1946. Following the collapse of the league, the Sea Lions played as an independent barnstorming team.
Demise
In 1949, the Sea Lions were engaged in tour of Western Canada, when money problems led to seven players leaving the team for the integrated Buchanan (Saskatchewan) All-Stars.
In modern culture
The San Francisco Giants have paid homage to the Sea Lions by recreating and wearing their jerseys three times. The Giants wore a road jersey in 2014, and a home jersey in 2021 and 2022.
2014
On May 3, 2014, the Giants wore the Sea Lions road jerseys against the Atlanta Braves in a regular season game at Turner Field. The Braves wore a Negro leagues throwback uniform for the heritage game which were Atlanta Black Crackers uniforms.
2021
On June 19, 2021, as part of their celebration honoring Juneteenth, the Giants wore replica uniforms of the San Francisco Sea Lions against the Phillies. The jerseys were intended to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the team that played in the West Coast Negro Baseball Association league during the 1940s. During a pre-game ceremony, the family of Toni Stone, the first female known to play on a professional men's baseball team when she played for the Sea Lions, was given a jersey honoring her legacy.
2022
On July 17th of 2022, The Giants honored African American Heritage Day at a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Oracle Park by wearing Sea Lions uniforms and giving away Sea Lions caps to fans in attendance.
References
African-American history in San Francisco
Negro league baseball teams
Sports teams in San Francisco
Defunct baseball teams in California
Baseball teams disestablished in 1946
Baseball teams established in 1946
Gouadji Kao is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 150 square kilometers and includes 5 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 10,579. The village of N'Togonasso, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 42 km northeast of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Klemp is a German surname. It stems from the male given name Clemens – and may refer to:
Harold Klemp (1942), spiritual leader of Eckankar
Joseph B. Klemp, American atmospheric scientist
Pia Klemp (1983), German biologist and human rights activist
References
German-language surnames
Surnames from given names
Catocala tapestrina is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1882. It is found in China, Bhutan, Nepal and in India.
Subspecies
Catocala tapestrina tapestrina Moore, 1882 (from India)
Catocala tapestrina forresti Mell, 1939 (from China)
References
tapestrina
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1882
Marcus Lipton CBE (29 October 190022 February 1978) was a British Labour Party politician.
Education
The son of Benjamin and Mary Lipton of Sunderland, Marcus Lipton was educated at Hudson Road Council School and Bede Grammar School in the town, before winning a scholarship to Merton College, Oxford in 1919. He was supported by a Worshipful Company of Goldsmiths exhibition bursary. He graduated with a Second in Modern History in 1922 and then studied law and was called to the bar at Gray's Inn in 1926.
Career
Lipton first entered politics in 1928 when he contested the London County Council elections as Liberal Party candidate for the Stepney division of Mile End. In 1934 he was elected to Stepney Borough Council. He became an alderman of Lambeth Metropolitan Borough Council in 1937 serving until 1959. Shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War, Lipton enlisted as a private in a Territorial Army unit of the Royal Army Pay Corps. He was commissioned as an officer in the Army Educational Corps in 1941, rising to Lieutenant-Colonel by the end of the conflict in 1945.
He was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Brixton in the 1945 general election, defeating the sitting Conservative Party MP Nigel Colman. He retained the seat at each subsequent election until it was abolished at the February 1974 general election. He was subsequently elected as MP for the successor seat of Lambeth Central, remaining in the Commons until his death.
Parliamentary questions
Lipton was an active parliamentarian, known for putting topical and difficult questions to the executive. In October 1955, he used parliamentary privilege to question Prime Minister Anthony Eden about the alleged Third Man, Kim Philby. Philby threatened to sue Lipton if the allegation were made in public. After the Prime Minister cleared Philby of all suspicion in November, Lipton withdrew his comments. Subsequently, Philby was unmasked in 1963 as a Soviet spy. In 1964 Lipton brought up the case of the missing Lionel Crabb, again using parliamentary privilege.
After a CIA pilot flying in support of the 1954 Guatemalan coup d'état deliberately napalmed and destroyed the British cargo ship , Lipton pursued successive Conservative and Labour Foreign Secretaries for the next 13 years over the UK's failure to obtain any compensation for the attack.
Criticism of pop music
As a man of an entirely different generation, Lipton in his last years was often critical of the form the pop and rock music industries had developed by the 1970s. On 2 June 1975, he attacked the "mass hysteria deliberately created by the promoters of pop concerts" following scenes at Bay City Rollers shows. Later, in response to the Sex Pistols' criticism of the British Royal Family, he argued that "if pop music is going to be used to destroy our established institutions, then it must be destroyed first".
Despite this controversy, or perhaps because of it, he released a record himself, "Hand In Hand"/"Friends In Need", on the Butterfly record label. It was not a chart hit.
Meeting with HMT Empire Windrush migrants
Following the arrival of 492 West Indian migrants in 1948, 242 were temporarily housed in Clapham Common Underground station, a former air-raid shelter. Contrary to the later experiences of West Indian migrants to the United Kingdom, the 'Windrush men' were welcomed and subsequently invited to an event with a small party of local officials in nearby Brixton. Marcus Lipton, and Councillor Jack Simpson, Mayor of Lambeth, greeted the group at the Astoria Cinema with tea and cakes, followed by a free cinema showing. Lipton told the arrivals that they should see Britain as their second home, commenting: "When I heard of your coming here, I was moved. A journey like yours does not take place without good reason." Reportedly, news of Lipton's generosity contributed to the migrants' boosted perception of the area, later influencing their decision to settle there: "In the unknown and perplexing vastness of England, the Jamaicans now felt they could be sure of one place. Brixton was friendly. In Brixton they would make their homes."
Honours and legacy
In 1949 he was created an OBE, advanced to a CBE in 1965. In 1974 he was made an honorary freeman of the London Borough of Lambeth. In January 1978 he announced he would not stand for parliament again. He collapsed at his home in Holborn, London on 20 February 1978 and died two days later in Westminster Hospital.
A youth centre in Lambeth is named after him. He gave a tour of Parliament to a 13-year-old constituent in the 1950s, John Major, sparking a political ambition that led Major to becoming Conservative Prime Minister.
References
Sources
External links
1900 births
1978 deaths
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Members of Lambeth Metropolitan Borough Council
Members of Stepney Metropolitan Borough Council
UK MPs 1945–1950
UK MPs 1950–1951
UK MPs 1951–1955
UK MPs 1955–1959
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
People educated at Bede Grammar School for Boys
Royal Army Pay Corps soldiers
Royal Army Educational Corps officers
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Alumni of Merton College, Oxford
Members of Gray's Inn
Jewish British politicians
British Army personnel of World War II
Ronald King (1909–1988) was a New Zealand rugby player.
Ronald or Ron King may also refer to:
Dick King-Smith (Ronald Gordon King-Smith, 1922–2011), English author of children's books
Ron King (basketball) (born 1951), American basketball player
Ron King (born 1956), Barbadian chequers player
Ronald Stacey King (born 1967), American basketball player
The Governor of Landguard Fort was a British military officer who commanded the fortifications at Landguard Fort, protecting the port of Harwich. Landguard successfully held off a Dutch raid in 1667 and continued to be used for military purposes through the 1950s. The office of Governor was abolished in 1833, and of Lieutenant-Governor in 1854.
Governors of Landguard Fort
1628–1648: Henry Rich, 1st Earl of Holland
1648–1652: Thomas Ireton
1652–1655: Benjamin Gifford
1655–1659: Mathew Cadwell
1659–1660: Humphrey Brewster
1660–1664: Charles Rich, 4th Earl of Warwick
1664–1665: Henry Farr
1665–1666: James Howard, 3rd Earl of Suffolk
1666–1667: Henry Farr
1667–1670: Nathaniel Darell
1670–1680: Sir Charles Lyttelton, 3rd Baronet
1680–1687: Sir Roger Manley
1687–1688: William Eyton
1688–1694: Henry Killigrew
1694–1696: Edward Fitzpatrick
1697–1711: Edward Jones
1711–1719: Francis Hammond
1719–1744: Bacon Morris
1744–1753: Mordaunt Cracherode
1753–1768: Lord George Beauclerk
1768–1770: Robert Armiger
1770–1777: Sir John Clavering
1778–1788: Hon. Alexander Mackay
1788–1800: Harry Trelawny
1800–1801: David Dundas
1801–1823: Cavendish Lister
1823–1833: Sir Robert Brownrigg, 1st Baronet
Lieutenant-Governors of Landguard Fort
1687–1711: Francis Hammond
1711–1717: Matthew Draper
1717–1718: Gwyn Vaughan
1718–1719: Bacon Morris
1719–172x: Hugh Plunknet
1727–1753: Edward Hayes
1753–1766: Philip Thicknesse
1766–1804: Anketell Singleton
1804–1806: John Blake
1806–1811: Alexander Mair
1811–1854: Charles Augustus West
References
History of Suffolk
Landguard Fort
Suffolk-related lists
1628 establishments in England
Berendi is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Sandra Cacic (born September 10, 1974) is a retired American tennis player. She is of Croatian American descent and
her Croatian surname is .
Her highest WTA singles ranking is 39th, which she achieved on May 9, 1994. Her career-high in doubles was world No. 87, reached in February 1999. In April 1998, she won the Amelia Island doubles tournament, partnering Mary Pierce. In singles, she won the Auckland Open in January 1996.
While playing, Cacic kept a residence in Bradenton, Florida.
WTA career finals
Singles: 1 (1 title)
Doubles: 1 (1 title)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 12 (8–4)
Doubles: 12 (4–8)
External links
American female tennis players
Sportspeople from Bradenton, Florida
Sportspeople from Joliet, Illinois
Tennis people from Florida
Tennis people from Illinois
1974 births
Living people
American people of Croatian descent
21st-century American women
The Philippine trogon (Harpactes ardens) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae. It is endemic to the Philippines.
Description
The males head and throat is black and its face is blue. The neck and mantle are brown, rump light brown with a rufous tail. The breast is light grey to pink, a red breast line and a paler red under pant. The females are duller in all colors.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
It is common in forest and secondary growth, and it is usually found alone or in pairs perched 5 to 10 m from the ground in a dark recess on a vine or branch in the understory.
Reproduction
It builds its nest in a hole in a dead tree 6 meters up. Its clutch size is 3 eggs.
Feeding
Not much is known, but, grasshoppers are plucked from branches.
References
Philippine trogon
Endemic birds of the Philippines
Philippine trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Carmine Palumbo (born 18 April 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for Italian club USD Palmese 1914.
Biography
Naples clubs
Born in Naples (), Campania, Palumbo spent his early career in the cities and towns of the Province of Naples, such as Naples, Melito di Napoli and Mugnano di Napoli. Palumbo was released by Boys Melito in ca. January 2006. He then joined S.S.C. Napoli, which he was a player of the under-15 team in 2007–08 season. He was a player for the reserve team of Neapolis Mugnano in 2010–11 season. He was a player for the first team in 2011–12 Lega Pro Seconda Divisione, the last and fourth level of Italian professional football league system (until 2014). The club relegated in 2012, thus Palumbo became a free agent.
Lecce
In 2012, he was signed by Serie B club Lecce, which the club was expelled from Serie B and readmitted to Lega Pro Prime Division at the start of season due to 2011 Italian football scandal. He played 2 times in the third level of Italian football until January 2013. He was loaned to the fourth division club Pro Patria on 31 January 2013. He did not play any game for the champion of the group A of L.P. 2nd Division. He was an unused bench in 2013 Lega Pro 2nd Division Supercup, losing to Salernitana, champion of group B of the same division.
On 2 September 2013 he was signed by Cremonese in temporary deal, with Simone Sales moved to opposite direction.
Palumbo played for the Lombard club in Lega Pro Cup. He was suspended in the first match of the round of 12 (quarter-finals). Palumbo did not play in the semi-finals, which the club lost 2–4 in aggregate to Monza.
Later career
In January 2018, Palumbo moved to San Giorgio. Two years later, he joined U.S.D. Palmese.
References
External links
AIC profile (data by football.it)
Italian footballers
S.S.C. Napoli players
U.S. Lecce players
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 players
U.S. Cremonese players
A.S.D. Progreditur Marcianise players
S.F. Aversa Normanna players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Eccellenza players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Naples
1993 births
Living people
The Vyoshenskaya Uprising (or Upper Don rebellion) (March 11 - June 8, 1919) was an uprising of the Don Cossacks during the Russian Civil War led by Pavel Kudinov against the Bolsheviks, which had occupied the Upper Don district in January–March 1919. The uprising was centered around the village of Vyoshenskaya.
The uprising
At the end of 1918 and beginning of 1919 the Tsaritsyn Front of the Don Army suffered a serious defeat against the Bolsheviks in the Voronezh–Povorino Operation. The Don Army retreated south, but many Upper-Don Cossacks went home, hoping for some peace settlement with the Red Army. But the Red Army ordered the Cossacks to surrender all weapons within 24 hours under the threat of execution. They also decided to confiscate the property from the "rich and bourgeois" and any money except Soviet money was banned.
The district was flooded with Red units passing south to the front, leading to requisitioning of bread, horses and ordinary robbery.
The Red tribunals began to draw up execution lists. By the beginning of the uprising, up to 300 Cossacks had been shot, and rumors of executions lists of hundreds of Cossacks from every village, completely upset the Upper Don Cossacks.
This led to a spontaneous uprising in the whole district, of which Pavel Kudinov became the leader.
To suppress the uprising, the Red Army was forced to divert 14,000 soldiers from the 8th and 9th armies of the Southern Front.
Despite the massive repression, the Don Cossacks managed, with the support of parts of the Don Army, to contain the onslaught of the expeditionary forces.
The insurgents, whose strength was estimated at 30,000, tied down roughly the same number of Soviet troops, diverting them from checking the advance of the Don Army.
Between May 28-June 2, the Don Army command took to the offensive along the entire front. Having seized the initiative, the units of the Don Army occupied Millerovo in May, Lugansk on June 1 and, interacting with units of the Volunteer Army, drove the 8th Red Army to the north in the direction of Voronezh, and the 9th Red Army to the northeast in the direction of Balashov.
The insurgents united with the Don Army at Vyoshenskaya and by the end of June the Don Host Oblast had been cleared of Soviet forces.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Venkov A. V. The Vyoshenskoye uprising. - M .: Veche, 2012. - .
Krasnov V., Daines V. Unknown Trotsky. Red Bonaparte. - Moscow: Olma-Press, 2000. - 510 p. - 5000 copies. - .
Battles of the Russian Civil War
Conflicts in 1919
Sisinis (Greek: Σισίνης) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Chrysanthos Sisinis. (died 1845), a Greek revolutionary leader and a politician
Chrysanthos Sisinis (born 1857), Greek general
Georgios Sisinis (1769-1831), Greek revolutionary leader and farmer
Greek-language surnames
Meyer Carlos de Camargo, Júnior (born 29 January 1980 in São Paulo), known as just Meyer, is a Brazilian football player. He currently plays for South Melbourne FC.
Football career
He left Brazil for Al-Nasr (Salalah) of Oman in January 2003 and later returned to Brazil. In January 2006 he left again, this time to F.C. Matera of Italy. He was granted Italian passport by descent, and left for FC Baulmes and then SR Delémont.
External links
Brazilian FA Database
1980 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian people of Italian descent
Association football defenders
Al-Nasr SC (Salalah) players
Expatriate footballers in Oman
Expatriate footballers in Italy
SR Delémont players
F.C. Matera players
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Melbourne Knights FC players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Oman
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Ange Mutsinzi (born 15 November 1997) is a Rwandan football defender who plays for Liga Portugal 2 club Trofense.
Club career
On 6 September 2021, he signed with Portuguese club Trofense.
International career
He was a squad member for the 2020 African Nations Championship.
References
1997 births
People from Muhanga District
Living people
Rwandan footballers
Rwanda international footballers
Association football defenders
Rayon Sports F.C. players
APR F.C. players
C.D. Trofense players
Rwanda National Football League players
Rwandan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Rwandan expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
2020 African Nations Championship players
Rwanda A' international footballers
Dongseong of Baekje (?–501, r. 479–501) was the 24th king of Baekje, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.
Background
He was the son of Buyeo Gonji, the younger brother of the 22nd king Munju who returned to Baekje from Yamato Japan in 477 after hearing of the fall of the Baekje capital. Gonji died in that year, and like Munju may have been murdered by Hae Gu. Dongseong appears to have been promoted to the throne by the Jin clan that prevailed over Hae Gu's rebellion. After Samgeun died without children, the throne passed to Dongseong.
Reign
He worked to strengthen the court's power after the move of the capital from the present-day Seoul area to Ungjin. He built several fortresses and castles to build out the new capital. He incorporated the local Sa, Yeon, and Baek clans into the court to counter the entrenched aristocracy from the former capital.
Dongseong sent a tribute mission to the Southern Qi in 484, reopening Baekje's ties with southern China after a long hiatus.
He established an alliance with Silla through his marriage of a Silla noblewoman in 493, and the two countries united in attacking Goguryeo in 495.
In 498, the Baekje army subjugated Tamna, the kingdom on Jeju island which had formally accepted Baekje rule twenty-two years before, because it failed to send tributes.
The Book of Qi states that Dongseong sent armies to Liaodong and Liaoxi (요서 遼西) in China to defeat Goguryeo forces.
Death
Beginning in 499, the country was stricken by famine, but according to the Samguk Sagi the king was unresponsive. He continued to live an indulgent lifestyle while brigandage spread.
By the end of Dongseong's rule, the local clans of the new capital had eclipsed the traditionally powerful Hae and Jin clans, and even pressured the throne. Dongseong sought to contain them by exiling Baek Ga to an outlying castle. This caused great resentment, and Baek Ga's forces assassinated Dongseong while he was hunting.
Family
Father: Buyeo Gonji (son of the 21st King, Gaero of Baekje)
Mother: unknown
Queen: unknown
Son: Buyeo Sama/Buyeo Yung (扶餘斯摩/扶餘隆, 462–523) – 25th King of Baekje, Muryeong of Baekje
Concubine: unknown – from the Jin clan
Concubine: unknown – from Lee clan of Silla (伊飡 比智女를), married 493
Daughter: Princess Bogwa (보과공주, 宝果公主) – consort of the 23rd King of Silla, Beopheung of Silla.
Popular culture
Portrayed by Jung Chan in the 2013 MBC TV series The King's Daughter, Soo Baek-hyang.
See also
History of Korea
List of Monarchs of Korea
References
Content in this article was copied from Samguk Sagi Scroll 23 at the Shoki Wiki, which is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 (Unported) (CC-BY-SA 3.0) license.
501 deaths
Baekje rulers
Korean people of Japanese descent
5th-century monarchs in Asia
Year of birth unknown
5th-century Korean people
6th-century Korean people
Scott Brian Autrey (born July 9, 1953) is an American former professional motorcycle speedway rider. In 1976, he became the first American rider to reach a speedway world final since Ernie Roccio in 1951.
Motorcycle racing career
Born in Maywood, California, Autrey began his motorcycle racing career in 1964 by competing in flat track racing at Perris Auto Speedway. In 1968, he had a major off-road racing victory when he won the 100cc class in the Rosarita Grand Prix in Mexico. He also competed in road racing, placing second in the novice road race class held before the 1971 Daytona 200.
In 1972, Autrey finished second in the United States Speedway National Championship. After witnessing the 1972 Individual Speedway World Championship in Wembley Stadium, he made the decision to concentrate fully on speedway racing. In 1973, Autrey was recommended by Ivan Mauger to join the Exeter Falcons – with whom he won the British League title in 1974 – Swindon Robins, and the Poole Pirates in England.
He finished 3rd in the 1978 World Speedway Championship at Wembley and won the World Team Cup with the USA in 1982. He retired from the sport at the end of 1982 at a relatively young age.
Automobile racing career
After his two-wheeled racing career ended, he became a NASCAR driver who made one Nextel Cup start. He competed in the Winston West Series full-time. That Cup race came in 1985, when Autrey started 29th in the forty-one car field, where he dropped out late with transmission issues. He finished 34th as a result.
World Final appearances
Individual World Championship
1976 - Chorzów, Silesian Stadium - 9th - 7pts
1978 - London, Wembley Stadium - 3rd - 11pts + 3pts
World Team Cup
1980 - Wrocław, Olympic Stadium (with Bruce Penhall / Dennis Sigalos / Bobby Schwartz / Ron Preston) - 2nd - 29pts (9)
1982 - London, White City Stadium (with Bruce Penhall / Bobby Schwartz / Kelly Moran / Shawn Moran) - Winner - 34pts (0)
World Longtrack Final
1978 Mühldorf (11th) 9pts
References
External links
Scott Autrey NASCAR Stats
1953 births
Living people
People from Maywood, California
American motorcycle racers
American speedway riders
Exeter Falcons riders
Poole Pirates riders
Swindon Robins riders
NASCAR drivers
Racing drivers from California
Individual Speedway Long Track World Championship riders
Chumlum is a 1963 American experimental short film directed by Ron Rice.
Description
Chumlum is largely non-narrative, with no dialogue or clear succession of events. It begins with the exterior of a building before moving to a loft inside, where Jack Smith is swinging. Many more people, dressed in elaborate costumes with ambiguous gender presentation, join. They lie in hammocks, smoke opium, caress each other, and dance. Smith appears as a wizard who has cast a spell to entrance and pacify them. The setting shifts to a forest and finally a beach.
The film uses multiple superimpositions to create abstract patterns. Visual elements such as sheets, hammocks, dancers, limbs, pearls, waves, and birds are layered over each other. It contains exoticist visual references to ancient Rome, tropical Latin America, and Orientalism.
Production
During the production of Smith's Normal Love, Rice often accompanied the director to film shoots. After the day's shooting was complete, Smith and the cast members, still in their costumes from the film, sometimes congregated at Rice's loft on Canal Street. Chumlum was made during these visits. Actors in the film include Smith, Beverly Grant, Mario Montez, Gerard Malanga, and Barbara Rubin. One of its outdoor locations was a field of goldenrods that also serves as the setting for Smith's Yellow Sequence.
Release
The Gramercy Arts Theater screened Chumlum in December 1963 with two other films by Rice—The Queen of Sheba Meets the Atom Man and Senseless. The city's license department charged the venue with presenting an improperly licensed program. John Fles arranged the film's West Coast premiere, a double feature with the Flash Gordon serial Rocket Ship.
Anthology Film Archives preserved Chumlum with a 35 mm restoration which premiered in 2018. The film is part of their Essential Cinema Repertory collection. It was digitized for home media as part of the 2009 DVD box set Treasures IV: American Avant-Garde Film, 1947–1986.
References
External links
Chumlum at the Film-Makers' Cooperative
1963 short films
American short films
Films directed by Ron Rice
Films shot in New York City
Films without speech
Non-narrative films
1960s American films
The following is the discography of the seven-member South Korean boy band Block B which consists of two studio albums, seven extended plays, eight single albums, and thirteen promotional singles.
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Single albums
Extended plays
Singles
Soundtrack appearances
Other charted songs
Music videos
See also
Bastarz discography
T2U discography
Zico discography
Park Kyung discography
P.O discography
Taeil discography
References
External links
Discographies of South Korean artists
Discography
The Scottish Exhibition of National History, Art and Industry was held in Glasgow in 1911. It was the third of 4 international exhibitions held in Glasgow, Scotland during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Summary
The exhibition followed the lead of the previous two exhibitions (Glaswegian exhibition (1888) and Glasgow International Exhibition (1901)) and took place at Kelvingrove Park. It ran from 2 May to 4 November 1911, and recorded over 9.3 million visits.
Exhibits
The fair was held close to the River Kelvin structured around the Stewart Memorial and included a Palace of History (based on the Falkland Palace, a Palace of Industry, Concert Hall and an Aviation Building.
Entertainments included boat trips, an aerial railway and a Highland Village (from which a cairn marking the village remains).
Legacy and remnants
The land used is now a park.
Profits from the fair were used to fund the establishment of a Chair of Scottish History and Literature at the University of Glasgow the post was originally filled by Robert Rait and is now occupied by Edward J. Cowan.
See also
International Exhibition of Science, Art and Industry (1888)
Glasgow International Exhibition (1901)
Empire Exhibition, Scotland 1938
Glasgow Garden Festival (1988)
References
External links
- site map
photo from the University overlooking the exhibition site part way through construction
World's fairs in Glasgow
1911 in Scotland
History of Glasgow
Culture in Glasgow
Foreign relations of Scotland
Industrial history of Scotland
Cultural history of Scotland
Economy of Glasgow
1911 in international relations
1910s in Glasgow
1911 festivals
Adele Pack Boyd (1932 – January 27, 2018) was an American field hockey player, coach, and official. She played on the U.S. women's national field hockey team from 1959 to 1967 and was a charter member of the USA Field Hockey Hall of Fame. She later served as a professor at Ursinus College and was the school's field hockey coach for 17 years.
Early years
She was a native of Glenside, Pennsylvania, and attended Cheltenham High School in suburban Philadelphia, graduating in 1949. She attended Ursinus College from 1949 to 1953. She later received a master's degree in education from Temple University.
Career
Boyd was hired as a teacher and coach at Cheltenham High School in 1954. She taught English and physical education and coached the field hockey, basketball, and lacrosse teams.
She was a member of the U.S. women's national field hockey team starting in either 1959 or 1961 and continuing until 1966 or 1967. She was the national team captain from 1963 to 1967. She also played for U.S. touring teams that played in England in 1962, Jamaica in 1965, and Germany in 1967. She was also a member of the Philadelphia Association team from 1953 to 1967.
In 1967, as her playing career ended, she was hired as a professor at Ursinus. She took over as the school's head field hockey coach in 1972 and served in that post for 17 years. She led her teams to two NCAA title games and ten finishes among the Top 20.
Boyd authored numerous sports articles for magazines, and co-wrote a chapter of Mildred Barnes's book, Field Hockey: The Coach and the Player.
Honors and later years
In 1988, she was one of the charter inductees into the USA Field Hockey Hall of Fame.
In later years, Boyd lived in Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania. She died in January 2018 at age 85 as a result of complications from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
References
1932 births
2018 deaths
Date of birth missing
American female field hockey players
Ursinus College faculty
American women academics
21st-century American women
Gonzalo Javier Rodríguez Prado (; born 10 April 1984), also known as simply Gonzalo, is an Argentine former professional footballer who played as a centre back.
After starting out at San Lorenzo, he spent most of his career with Villarreal, appearing in 253 official games over the course of eight La Liga seasons (nine goals). He also played five years in the Italian Serie A, with Fiorentina.
Club career
San Lorenzo
Born in Buenos Aires, Gonzalo started playing with San Lorenzo de Almagro. He made his Primera División debut on 26 July 2002 at the age of only 18, against Rosario Central.
At age 20, Rodríguez had already represented Argentina, previously having appeared at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship with the under-20 team.
Villarreal
In July 2004, Rodríguez joined Spain's Villarreal CF, being an undisputed starter in his first two seasons and renewing his link for a further five years. However, after the surprise elimination from the UEFA Intertoto Cup at the hands of NK Maribor, in which he was sent off, and a mere month into the league season, he suffered a serious injury, tearing the cruciate ligament in his right knee; after returning to activity in April 2007, he suffered the same injury two months later.
Rodríguez returned to good form in the 2008–09 campaign, often partnering Uruguayan Diego Godín and appearing in 48 La Liga games in two seasons combined, with Villarreal always qualifying to the UEFA Europa League, finishing fifth and seventh respectively. On 7 April 2011, in the Europa League's quarter-finals against FC Twente, he broke his fibula after a tough challenge by Marc Janko, being rushed to hospital in an ambulance and lost for the remainder of the season.
Fiorentina
In early August 2012, following Villarreal's relegation, Gonzalo joined Italian side ACF Fiorentina along with teammate Borja Valero. He scored six Serie A goals from 35 appearances in his first year, helping to a final fourth place and the subsequent qualification to the Europa League.
In 2015–16, Rodríguez was named new team captain by new manager Paulo Sousa. He made his 200th competitive appearance for the club on 9 April 2017, and marked the occasion with his 25th goal in a 2–2 away draw against U.C. Sampdoria.
Return to San Lorenzo
In July 2017, Rodríguez returned to San Lorenzo on a free transfer. On 23 June 2020, the 36-year-old announced his retirement.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Scores and results list Argentina's goal tally first.
Honours
San Lorenzo
Copa Sudamericana: 2002
Villarreal
UEFA Intertoto Cup: 2004
Individual
Fiorentina All-time XI
References
External links
Fiorentina official profile
1984 births
Living people
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Argentine footballers
Association football defenders
Argentine Primera División players
San Lorenzo de Almagro footballers
La Liga players
Villarreal CF players
Serie A players
ACF Fiorentina players
Argentina youth international footballers
Argentina under-20 international footballers
Argentina international footballers
2005 FIFA Confederations Cup players
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Italy
The Bravest is a fireboat operated by the Fire Department of New York City.
She was commissioned on May 27, 2011.
The FDNY currently has four large fireboats, including the Bravest, supplemented by approximately a dozen smaller high speed patrol craft.
The two largest fireboats, Firefighter II and Three Forty Three, are among the largest and most powerful fireboats in the world. At 20 knots they are relatively fast. Bravest and FB Feehan, at appx. 65 feet, are comparable in size and power with many cities' largest fireboats, but have the high speed and shallow draft of a modern high speed patrol craft.
Bravests shallow draft of just 1 metre means she can fight fires in the shallow waters off New York City's airports.
Her nameplate was carved from a plate of steel recovered from the World Trade Center.
See also
Fireboats of New York City
References
Fireboats of New York City
Mikhail L. Voronin (; born July 10, 1938 in Kiev, Ukrainian SSR – April 14, 2012) was a soviet Ukrainian fashion designer and manufacturer of clothing and was a multiple winner of international competitions of tailoring skills. He was the founder of the brand "Michael Voronin". Voronin (in Cyrillic letters Воронін) stylized as VORONIN Concern, a network of franchised companies specializing in tailoring and marketing of men's clothing. The brand name "Michael Voronin" clothing is sold internationally and the fashion house has taken part in fashion shows worldwide.
Early life
Voronin (variant Mykhailo Voronin) started tailoring when he was just 14 and designed since 1964. In 1972, he graduated from Kiev Technological Institute of Light Industry.
Career
During Soviet times, Voronin worked at a Kyiv knitting factory. Voronin was a successful businessman, academician and innovator and entrepreneur of a unique method of tailoring menswear without fittings, called the zhyletno-maketnoho method, for which he received a patent in 1970. The 1980s led him to establish his own business. In 1985, he established the company "Мода і час" (Fashion Hour). In 1991, he launched "Михайло Воронін" or "Michael Voronin" in Vienna and Paris. Since 1994, the brand is owner of the chain "Zhelan".
Many celebrities have worn the brand. In 2002, a giant tuxedo the height of a three-story building was designed and created by Voronin and was listed in the Guinness Book of Records.
References
External links
Official website
1938 births
2012 deaths
Ukrainian fashion designers
Businesspeople from Kyiv
Menswear designers
Burials at Baikove Cemetery
Dynein axonemal intermediate chain 2 also known as axonemal dynein intermediate chain 2, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the DNAI2 gene.
Function
The protein encoded by this gene belongs to the dynein intermediate chain family, and is part of the dynein complex of respiratory cilia and sperm flagella.
Clinical significance
Mutations in the DNAI2 gene are associated with primary ciliary dyskinesia.
References
External links
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Primary Ciliary Dyskinesia
Baldovino Dassù (born 3 November 1952) is an Italian golfer.
Dassù won the 1970 British Youths Open Amateur Championship and played for Italy in that year's Eisenhower Trophy. He turned professional in 1971 and was a regular on the European Tour from its first official season in 1972 until the mid-1980s. His most successful season by far was 1976, when he won his only two European Tour titles at the Dunlop Masters and the Italian Open, which he won by eight shots, and went on to finish ninth on the Order of Merit. Off the tour he won the Italian Professional Championship in 1974, 1976 and 1977. He represented Italy in the Alfred Dunhill Cup twice and in the World Cup of Golf four times.
As a senior, Dassù played the European Seniors Tour for one season, finishing 26th on the 2003 Order of Merit.
Professional wins (9)
European Tour wins (2)
Alps Tour wins (1)
2001 Executive Group Modena Open
Other wins (7)
This list may be incomplete
1974 Italian National Championship
1976 Italian National Championship
1977 Italian National Championship
1983 Italian PGA Championship, Open dei Tessali
1985 Cerutti Open
1988 Open dei Tessali
Results in major championships
Note: Dassu only played in The Open Championship.
CUT = missed the half-way cut (3rd round cut in 1972 and 1978 Open Championships)
"T" = tied
Team appearances
Amateur
European Amateur Team Championship (representing Italy): 1969
Eisenhower Trophy (representing Italy): 1970
St Andrews Trophy (representing the Continent of Europe): 1970
Professional
World Cup (representing Italy): 1976, 1979, 1980, 1982
Marlboro Nations' Cup/Philip Morris International (representing Italy): 1972, 1976
Hennessy Cognac Cup (representing the Continent of Europe): 1976, 1978, 1980, 1982, (representing Italy) 1984
Double Diamond International (representing Continental Europe): 1977
Dunhill Cup (representing Italy): 1986
References
External links
Italian male golfers
European Tour golfers
European Senior Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Florence
1952 births
Living people
"Magic" is a song by Swedish duo The Sound of Arrows from their debut album Voyage.
Music video
In the video all adults disappeared and children live in their magic world.
Shot in Spain, in countryside two hours from Madrid, Oskar Gullstrand explains that it is meant to be "childlike and youthful, and true to the song. When we were thinking about the video, Stefan and I first came up for about 200 ideas for a feature film. This is meant to be the trailer for that film."
Artist: The Sound of Arrows
Title: Magic (Geffen)
Director: Andreas Ohman, Oskar Gullstrand
Production Company: Naive AB, The Look Films
Producer: Victor Martin
DoP: Johan Holmquist
Art Director: Gerardo Izquierdo
Editor: Frederika Andersson, Andreas Ohman, Oskar Gullstrand
Illustrator: Linus Kullman, Carl-Johan Listherby
Animator: Jonas Lindman
Compositing: David Nalci
Track listings
CD, UK
«Magic» – 3:17
«Magic» (Instrumental) – 3:15
vinyl 12", UK
Side A
«Magic»
«Magic» (Tom Staar Remix)
«Magic» (Chad Valley Remix)
Side B
«Longer Ever Dream»
Personnel
Mastered By – Nigel Walton
Mixed By – Dan Grech-Marguerat
Producer – The Sound of Arrows
Producer [Additional] – Henrik Von Euler, Richard X
Written-By – S. Storm*
References
External links
Lyrics on LyricWiki
2011 singles
The Sound of Arrows songs
New Eersterust (Nuwe Eersterus) is a township in northwestern Gauteng province, South Africa, about 39 km northwest of Pretoria. It is bordered to the west by Soshanguve and to the east by Hammanskraal. The township is commonly known as "Resi/ Eesterus".
History
It was incorporated into the Gauteng province in 2004 under the jurisdiction of the Tshwane Metro. The semi-rural township is situated between the borders of Gauteng and Northwest provinces, but it has been and it is still governed by Gauteng through the Tshwane Metro.
Education
The most widely spoken languages are Tswana, Northern Sotho, Tsonga and Ndebele.
Subdivisions
The township is divided in blocks A, B, C, D1, D2, E, F1, F2, F3, F4 and Soutpan and Marikana informal settlement. The Tswaing Crater Museum is also located in New Eersterust.
References
Notable Citizens
Townships in Gauteng
Populated places in the City of Tshwane
The Aegir wave farm was a planned wave farm off the south west of Shetland. The project was developed by Aegir Wave Power, a 2009 formed joint venture of Vattenfall and the wave power technology developer Pelamis Wave Power. The wave farm would have had capacity from 10 MW potentially up to 100 MW. Following the collapse of Pelamis in November 2014, the project was cancelled by Vattenfall in February 2015.
History
It was to have used around 25 Pelamis P2 converters. The first phase was intended to be installed by 2014, however, it was announced later that the company would file a planning application to Marine Scotland in 2014. The second phase would have consisted of an array of up to 14 converters with a total capacity of 10 MW. The third phase would have increased capacity up to 40 MW by 2023. After that, capacity may have been increased up to 100 MW. The project was dependent of construction of a transmission cable between Shetland and the mainland Scotland. Approval of the Viking Wind Farm at Shetland could promote the interconnector's project.
In November 2014 Pelamis went into administration after failing to secure enough funding to develop its devices. In February 2015 Vattenfall announced that it would liquidate Aegir.
See also
Renewable energy in Scotland
European Marine Energy Centre
Siadar Wave Power Station
References
External links
Wave farms in Scotland
Proposed renewable energy power stations in Scotland
Vattenfall
Ironton is an unincorporated community in Halbert Township, Martin County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
History
Ironton was founded in 1873, and named for the presence of ironworks.
Geography
Ironton is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Martin County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Gerald Dobbs (born 24 January 1971) is an English former football midfielder. He started his career with Wimbledon, scoring a solitary goal in 33 league appearances, then in 1995 had a loan spell with Cardiff City and moved to Conference side Dover Athletic. After 2 seasons he moved to Ireland, where he played for Cork City and Cobh Ramblers.
References
Since 1888... The Searchable Premiership and Football League Player Database (subscription required)
1971 births
Living people
Footballers from the London Borough of Lambeth
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Wimbledon F.C. players
Cardiff City F.C. players
Dover Athletic F.C. players
Cork City F.C. players
Cobh Ramblers F.C. players
English Football League players
Premier League players
National League (English football) players
League of Ireland players
Aşağıobruk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
The following is a list of first official international association football matches for each (present or past) member of FIFA, played between 1940 and 1962. The matches are listed chronologically.
Croatia
Lebanon
Puerto Rico
Afghanistan and Iran
Syria
Mongolia
Tanzania
Iceland
Albania
Zambia
Ethiopia and Djibouti
Madagascar and Mauritius
China PR
South Korea
Israel
Hong Kong
South Vietnam
Macau
Cyprus
Sierra Leone and Nigeria
Pakistan
Ghana
Saarland
Myanmar
New Caledonia
Vanuatu
Fiji
Sri Lanka
East Germany
Tahiti
Singapore
Malaysia
Palestine
Libya
Jordan
Chinese Taipei
Cambodia
North Vietnam
North Korea
Togo
Sudan
Thailand
Malta
Algeria
Saudi Arabia
Morocco and Iraq
Benin
Ivory Coast
Burkina Faso and Gabon
Cameroon
Mali and Central African Republic
Congo
Guinea
Kuwait
Laos
Senegal
Malawi
Gambia
See also
List of first association football internationals per country: before 1940
List of first association football internationals per country: since 1962
Notes
A. RSSSF list three matches played in Hong Kong in 1949, 1950 and 1953 between "China" and South Korea whose status is not officially recognized by FIFA.
B.Prior to Algerian independence in 1962, matches were organised under the auspices of the Front de Libération Nationale.
C.There is some confusion as to the order and results of the two matches played between Cambodia and Malaya in the 1956 Asian Cup Qualification tournament. The RFFFS page for Cambodia shows Cambodia losing 2–3 to Malaya on 17 March and losing 2–9 to Malaya on 24 April, with both matches played in Malaya. The Elo site for Cambodia shows the same results, but with the match on 17 March being played in Cambodia. The RFFFS page for the Asian Cup shows the matches as 9–2 to Malaya on 17 March (played in Malaya) and 3–2 to Cambodia on 24 April (played in Cambodia). As the Elo rankings are based on Cambodia losing both matches, this is assumed to be correct
D.The RSSSF page for Saudi Arabia lists the first match as being played on 20 October 1957 against Syria in the 1957 Pan Arab Games, whereas the RSSSF article on these games lists the first match as being played against the hosts, Lebanon, on 18 October. This is supported by the Elo page for Saudi Arabia.
References
External links
Index of European national team matches up to the end of 1989
The RSSSF Archive - International Country Results
The Association of Football Statisticians: National football team sites
World Football Elo Ratings
1940–1962
The 1998 Qatar Open, known as the 1998 Qatar Mobil Open, for sponsorship reasons, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Doha, Qatar that was part of the World Series of the 1998 ATP Tour. The tournament was held from 5 January through 12 January 1998. Third-seeded Petr Korda won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Petr Korda defeated Fabrice Santoro, 6–0, 6–3.
It was Korda's 1st title of the year and the 19th of his career.
Doubles
Mahesh Bhupathi / Leander Paes defeated Olivier Delaître / Fabrice Santoro, 6–4, 3–6, 6–4.
It was Bhupathi's 1st title of the year and the 7th of his career. It was Paes's 1st title of the year and the 7th of his career.
References
External links
ATP Singles draw
ATP Doubles draw
Qatar Open
Qatar Open (tennis)
1998 in Qatari sport
Mission Sapne (English: Mission Dreams) is an Indian television reality show, the show is created by SBF. which airs on Colors TV every Sunday 11am. The first actor to appear on the show was Ranbir Kapoor. The first season ended on 27 April 2014.
Second Season premiered on 17 January 2016 featuring Vidya Balan. The second season is going to end on 20 March 2016 with Alia Bhatt in finale episode.
Synopsis
The show is about upbringing people who have struggled in their life but never left their spirit to achieve something. The show will help these people to achieve dreams which they've dreamed of. The show will financially help these people by inviting Celebrities who will do the same daily job which these people do like driving auto rickshaw or selling something. The amount which the celebrity will earn will be multiplied by 100.
Guests
References
External links
Mission Sapne 2
Colors TV original programming
Foot-Ball Club Calangianus 1905 is an Italian association football club located in Calangianus, Sardinia. They currently play in Eccellenza Sardinia and wear red and yellow.
History
Football Club Calangianus 1905 is the Sardinian club with the most appearances in the fourth level of the Italian league (39). In addition, Calangianus is one of the oldest clubs in Italy and in Sardinia. It's considered the oldest in Sardinia, because it has never found a failure.
Supporters
The group in support of Calangianus are "Brigate Giallorosse", it was born in 1987 and it is one of the main in Sardinia. The group, made up increasingly by hundreds of people, supports for two decades a twinning with the fans of Olbia and maintains friendships with the fans of Nuoro, Carbonia, La Maddalena and Cagliari.
Now, the group "Gioventù Ultras Calangianus 2015" is the principal supporters' group in Calangianus.
The main rivals of Calangianus fans are the fans of Tempio and Torres.
External links
Calangianus page @ Serie-D.com
Football clubs in Italy
Association football clubs established in 1905
Football clubs in Sardinia
1905 establishments in Italy
The 48th Battalion Iowa Volunteer Infantry was an infantry battalion that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was among scores of regiments that were raised in the summer of 1864 as A Hundred Days Men, an effort to augment existing manpower for an all-out push to end the war within 100 days.
Service
The 48th Iowa Infantry was organized as Companies A, B, and C at Davenport, Iowa, and mustered in for one-hundred days federal service on July 13, 1864, as part of a plan to raise short term regiments for service as rear area garrison duty to release veteran troops for Sherman's Atlanta Campaign. As there were not enough recruits to complete an entire regiment in the time allotted, the unit was redesignated a battalion. The battalion spent its entire service guarding prisoners of war at the Rock Island Barracks, Illinois.
The battalion was mustered out on October 21, 1864.
Total strength and casualties
358 men served in the 48th Iowa Battalion at one time or another.
Four enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Lieutenant Colonel Oliver H. P. Scott
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
1864 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1864
Military units and formations disestablished in 1864
1864 disestablishments in Iowa
Vjekoslav Katusin (born October 28, 1983) is a Croatian director, producer and actor, born in the German city Mainz.
Early life
In the age of one, he moved to his parents homeland Croatia with his mother and older brother. Until he was five he lived in Draz, where he attended first grade in elementary school. After the first year of school he returned to Mainz with his mother and brother to visit his father. After the outbreak of war between Serbia and Croatia, his family was not allowed to return to Croatia.
Career
From 2006 Vjekoslav Katusin appeared as a minor actor in various movies, including Superheroes - Hasenbrot and Waldgeflüster (2007) and - after meeting the german producer Uwe Boll - in his films Max Schmeling (2010), in which he was also responsible for the Croatian cast, Bloodrayne: The Third Reich and Blubberella.
In 2015, he produced Dead End - At the end we die, a Croatian crime series for the first time, which was realized in English in order to appeal to an international audience with the series. The pilot episode premiered at the Harmony Gold Theater in Los Angeles.
In 2016 Katusin founded his own production company Dream Team Pictures based in Rust, Baden-Württemberg/Germany. In 2017, he shot his first horror film C.L.E.A.N. in Pula, Croatia, in which Hollywood actors Tom Sizemore and
Costas Mandylor played. On October 18, 2020, the film was presented at the 14th Festival of Serbian Fantastic Film (FSFF) in Belgrade. C.L.E.A.N. has received several awards from various film festivals, including two Osculls in the categories "Best Horror Film" & "Best Supporting Actor". The Austrian cinema chain Cineplexx showed the film from the end of October 2020 for several weeks in their cinemas in Serbia, Montenegro and Bosnia.
In early 2020, he finished shooting his second horror film Unbound Evil, again with Costas Mandylor. In 2022, he will finish his film project Someone Dies Tonight in which Eric Roberts, Christopher Lambert, Tom Sizemore, Michael Paré, Bai Ling, Robert Miano & Costas Mandylor will take on supporting roles.
Filmography (selection)
As Actor
2007: Stuntmen – Der Film
2007: Blood Wars
2007: Superhelden – Hasenbrot und Waldgeflüster
2007: Live Fast and Die Young
2008: Der letzte Coup
2010: Max Schmeling (film)
2010: Bloodrayne: The Third Reich
2011: Blubberella
2016: Dead End. At the End We Die
2018: La Famiglia
2019: C.L.E.A.N.
2022: Unbound Evil
As Producer
2008: Der letzte Coup
2016: Dead End. At the End We Die
2018: La Famiglia
2019: C.L.E.A.N.
Reception
On October 18, 2020, his movie C.L.E.A.N. was presented at the 14th Festival of Serbian Fantastic Film (FSFF) in Belgrade. Subsequently, the producer received several awards from various international film festivals.
References
Croatian film producers
Croatian male film actors
Croatian film directors
1983 births
Living people
The 2001 Cork Junior A Hurling Championship was the 104th staging of the Cork Junior A Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1895. The championship began on 30 September 2001 and ended on 11 November 2001.
On 11 November 2001, Courcey Rovers won the championship following a 3-9 to 3-7 defeat of Charleville in the final. This was their first championship title in the grade.
Charleville's John Quinlan was the championship's top scorer with 2-15.
Qualification
Results
First round
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Top scorers
Overall
In a single game
Miscellaneous
Diarmuid Ó Mathúna's qualified for the championship for the very first time in their history.
References
Cork Junior Hurling Championship
Cork Junior Hurling Championship
Château-Thierry () is a French commune situated in the department of the Aisne, in the administrative region of Hauts-de-France, and in the historic Province of Champagne.
The origin of the name of the town is unknown. The local tradition attributes it to Theuderic IV, the penultimate Merovingian king, who was imprisoned by Charles Martel, without a reliable source. Château-Thierry is the birthplace of Jean de La Fontaine and was the location of the First Battle of the Marne and Second Battle of the Marne. The region of Château-Thierry (the arrondissement, to be exact) is called the country of Omois. Château-Thierry is one of 64 French towns to have received the Legion of Honour.
History
In the late years of the western Roman empire, a small town called Otmus was settled on a site where the Soissons-Troyes road crossed the Marne river. During the 8th century, Charles Martel kept king Theuderic IV prisoner in the castle of Otmus. At this time, the town took the name of Castrum Theodorici, later transformed in Château-Thierry (Castle of Thierry, Thierry is the French or early Roman language translation of Theuderic).
In 946, the castle of Château-Thierry was the home of Herbert le-Vieux, Count of Omois of the House of Vermandois and Soissons.
Château-Thierry was the site of two important battles: the Battle of Château-Thierry (1814) in the Napoleonic Wars between France and Prussia, and the Battle of Château-Thierry (1918) in World War I between the United States and Germany.
In 1918, a mounting for the Paris Gun was found near the castle, though the cannon itself had apparently been moved prior to the emplacement's discovery.
Geography
Château-Thierry is situated on the river Marne, at from Paris.
Transport
Château-Thierry station is the terminus station of a regional railway line starting from the Gare de l'Est in Paris. Furthermore, it has rail connections to Châlons-en-Champagne, Nancy and Strasbourg. It is also one of the exits of the A4 autoroute that links Paris with the east part of France. Transval operates the local bus routes.
Personalities
Château-Thierry was the birthplace of Jean de La Fontaine.
Jean-Baptiste Dumangin (1744–1826), French physician who performed the autopsy of Louis XVII.
(1774–1818), army general of the French First Republic and the First French Empire.
Léon Hess, creator of the "Le Castel" gâteau du voyageur, who won a gold medal at the 1912 Exposition Culinaire Internationale in Paris.
Gauthier II de Château-Thierry.
Samuel ben Salomon, 13th-century rabbi (one of the proponents of the Talmud during the Disputation of Paris).
(1762-1829), army general of the French First Republic and the First French Empire, born in Lyon and died in Château-Thierry.
(1777-1825), cavalry colonel of the armies of the French First Republic and the First French Empire.
.
.
(1881-1953), glassworker.
(1874-1958), sculptor.
Pierre Bensusan.
Rumer Godden's novel The Greengage Summer (1958) is set in Château-Thierry.
François Aman-Jean, physician, surgeon, playwright.
Yves Bot, magistrate.
.
.
Joseph Bologne de Saint-George, better known under the name "chevalier de Saint-George".
Manu Dibango, musician.
Jean Macé, pedagogue.
Maurice Holleaux (1861–1932), 19th– to 20th-century French historian, archaeologist and epigrapher.
, actor and stuntman, died in Château-Thierry.
Nadia Tagrine (1917-2003), pianist.
Auguste Jordan (1909-1990), Austrian professional footballer who played on the French national team.
(1870-1965), parasitologist and medical historian, was born in the city.
Ba Jin, a Chinese writer and intellectual, stayed here in 1927 and 1928.
Teddy Roosevelt's son Quentin was shot down in July 1918 while flying a French SPAD plane during World War I.
Population
Sights
Castle walls
Saint-Crépin church (15th century)
Balhan tower
Marne River
World War I Aisne-Marne American Cemetery and Memorial (south of the village of Belleau)
Chateau-Thierry American Monument (overlooking the town)
Champagne vineyards
Several churches
Twin towns – sister cities
Château-Thierry is twinned with:
Cisnădie, Romania (1997)
Grybów (rural gmina), Poland
Mosbach, Germany (1974)
Pößneck, Germany (1989)
See also
Château de Condé
Communes of the Aisne department
US I Corps
References
External links
Official site
American Battlefield Monument Commission
FirstWorldWar.com
Local Bus Route
Photo of city during WWI
Communes of Aisne
Subprefectures in France
Champagne (province)
Aisne communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
The Megaminx or Mégaminx (, ) is a dodecahedron-shaped puzzle similar to the Rubik's Cube. It has a total of 50 movable pieces to rearrange, compared to the 20 movable pieces of the Rubik's Cube.
History
The Megaminx, or Magic Dodecahedron, was invented by several people independently and produced by several different manufacturers with slightly different designs. Uwe Mèffert eventually bought the rights to some of the patents and continues to sell it in his puzzle shop under the Megaminx moniker. It is also known by the name Hungarian Supernova, invented by Dr. Christoph Bandelow. His version came out first, shortly followed by Meffert's Megaminx. The proportions of the two puzzles are slightly different.
Description
The Megaminx is made in the shape of a dodecahedron, and has 12 faces and center pieces, 20 corner pieces, and 30 edge pieces. The face centers each have a single color, which identifies the color of that face in the solved state. The edge pieces have two colors, and the corner pieces have three. Each face contains a center piece, 5 corner pieces and 5 edge pieces. The corner and edge pieces are shared with adjacent faces. The face centers can only rotate in place, but the other pieces can be permuted by twisting the face layer around the face center.
There are two main versions of the Megaminx: one with 6 colors, with opposite faces having the same color, and one with 12 different colors. The 12-color Megaminx is the only type legal in official WCA competitions, and is therefore much more popular than the 6-color version.
The objective of the puzzle is to scramble the colors, and then restore it to its original state of having one color per face.
Solutions
The 6-color Megaminx comes with an additional challenge which is not immediately obvious (and which does not occur on the 12-color puzzle). Its edge pieces come in visually identical pairs, because of the duplicated colors of opposite faces. However, although visually indistinguishable, they are nevertheless mathematically bound in a parity relationship. In any legal position (reachable from the solved state without disassembling the puzzle), there is always an even number of swapped pairs of edges. However, since swaps may be between visually identical edges, one may find that having solved almost the entire puzzle, one is left with a pair of swapped (distinct) edges that seems to defy all attempts to exchange them. The solution is to swap a single pair of 'identical' edges to resolve the parity issue, and then restore the rest of the puzzle.
This property is absent in the 12-color Megaminx, because all its edges are distinguishable, and it would be immediately obvious that there is another pair of swapped edges besides the pair one is working with.
Variations
There are many similar puzzles with different numbers of layers, most of which change the "mega" in the puzzle's name to another metric prefix. They are the Kilominx (2 layers), Master Kilominx (4 layers), Gigaminx (5 layers), Elite Kilominx (6 layers), Teraminx (7 layers), 8×8 Kilominx (8 layers), Petaminx (9 layers), Examinx (11 layers), Zettaminx (13 layers), Yottaminx (15 layers), and Atlasminx (19 layers). The highest order mass-produced variant of the Megaminx is the Zettaminx, which was released by ShengShou in 2021, and the highest order variant of the Megaminx ever made to date is the Minx of Madness, created by Corenpuzzle using 3D printing. The Minx of Madness was revealed in May 2022. It is the dodecahedral equivalent to a 21x21x21 Rubik's cube.
Alexander's Star is equivalent to solving only the edges of a six-color Megaminx.
The Impossiball and Kilominx are equivalent to solving only the corners of a Megaminx, but are very different mechanically. The Impossiball is available with either six or twelve colors.
The Pyraminx Crystal is a modified Megaminx with deeper turning planes.
Tony Fisher has produced a shape modification of the Megaminx into a cube form which he called the Hexaminx. Another variant is the Holey Megaminx, which has no center pieces, like the Void Cube. It is being produced by Mèffert as of July 2009. Other variants include the Flowerminx, Megaminx Ball, and Crazy Megaminx.
Number of combinations
The Megaminx has 20 corners and 30 edges. It is possible on a Rubik's Cube to have a single pair of corners and a single pair of edges swapped, with the rest of the puzzle being solved. The corner and edge permutations are each odd in this example, but their sum is even. This parity situation is impossible on the Megaminx. For both types of pieces, only even permutations are possible, regardless of the position of the other set of pieces. There are 20!/2 ways to arrange the corners and 319 ways to orient them, since the orientation of the last corner depends on that of the preceding ones. There are 30!/2 ways to arrange the edges and 229 ways to flip them.
The full number is 100 669 616 553 523 347 122 516 032 313 645 505 168 688 116 411 019 768 627 200 000 000 000 (roughly 101 unvigintillion on the short scale or 101 undecillion on the long scale).
The corners are distinguishable on a 6-color Megaminx because two corners with the same three colors will be mirror images of each other. There are 15 pairs of identical edges. It would not be possible to swap all 15 pairs, since this would be an odd permutation of the edges, so a reducing factor of 214 is applied to the preceding figure.
The full number is 6 144 385 775 971 883 979 645 753 925 393 402 415 081 061 792 664 780 800 000 000 000 (roughly 6.1 vigintillion on the short scale or 6.1 decilliard on the long scale).
For the larger size variations (gigaminx, teraminx, petaminx etc.), the general number of combinations is where respectively for megaminx, gigaminx, teraminx, petaminx, etc. The number of combinations evaluates to for gigaminx, for teraminx, for petaminx, for examinx, for zettaminx, for yottaminx, etc.
Records
The world record time for a Megaminx solve is 25.24 seconds, set by Juan Pablo Huanqui of Peru on 13 March 2022 at Lima Cuberano, in Lima, Peru.
The world record average of five solves (excluding best and worst) is 29.27 seconds, set by Leandro Martín López of Argentina on 11 June 2022 at Jaqueca de Florida 2022 in Buenos Aires, with the times of (28.28), (33.57), 28.44, 28.86 and 30.51 seconds.
Top 5 solvers by single solve
Top 5 solvers by average of 5 solves
See also
Impossiball
Alexander's Star
Pyraminx Crystal
Pocket Cube
Rubik's Cube
Rubik's Revenge
Professor's Cube
V-Cube 6
V-Cube 7
V-Cube 8
Pyraminx
Skewb Diamond
Tuttminx
Dogic
Combination puzzles
Magic 120-cell
References
External links
Meffert's puzzle shop
Jaap's Megaminx page—contains solutions and other information
Combination puzzles
Mechanical puzzles
Rubik's Cube
Fire Songs is a collection of poetry written by David Harsent that uses multiple themes to display a greater meaning. It was published in 2014, and it won the T.S. Eliot Prize that year. It is the 11th collection of poems that Harsent has published.
Overview
Fire Songs, according to Fiona Sampson, a British poet and a judge for the 2015 T.S. Eliot Prize, teems with images and ideas that manage to be both richly detailed and vividly musical. The entire book reads as a triumphantly sustained sequence and is layered with leitmotifs. It is denser and more composed than its prize-winning predecessors Legion (2005) and Night (2010). The four "Fire" sequences all have a common theme, destruction. Martyrdom, war, the loss of love and environmental apocalypse end each sequence to repeat the threat "it will be fire". Other recurring themes are rats, tinnitus, war, and environmental damage. Harsent, who suffers from tinnitus, said he "wrote them [the poems] in a fever".
Structure
Fire: a song for Mistress Askew
The Fool Alone
Bowland Beth
Sang The Rat
Tinnitus: August, sun beating the rooftops
A Dream Book
Leechdoms and Starcrafts
The Fool at Court
Fire: love songs and descants
Effacted
Tinnitus: May, low skies and thunder
Rat Again
Armistice
Fire: end-scenes and outtakes
Trickster Christ
Dive
Songs from the Same Earth
Tinnitus: January, thin rain becoming ice
Fire: a party at the world's end
Icefield
M.A.D. 1971 (Rat-run)
Pain
Content
"Fire: a song for Mistress Askew" is set in London, England, and follows Anne Askew, an English writer and Protestant Martyr who was condemned for being a heretic during the dynasty of Henry VIII, and became the only woman in English history to be tortured in the Tower of London and burnt at the stake. Harsent describes the execution of Askew because "She was an example of the destructiveness of fire". "Fire: love songs and descants", according to Guardian reviewer Adam Newey, has a "hellish for-its-own-sake purity, which is nonetheless impressive and mesmerizing", and like the Askew group includes a bonfire to introduce the poem's subject matter. In this poem, the speaker is burning works of arts and literature, and burning of the written word is a recurrent motif. It reveals the theme the loss of love as the speaker no longer loves literature. In an interview with Prospect magazine, Harsent commented on the bonfire motif in Fire Songs: "I had this image in my head of a man going into his garden and making a bonfire on which he planned to burn everything".
The poem "Tinnitus" addresses Harsent's musical career; Harsent frequently collaborates with British composer Harrison Birtwistle, and Harsent dedicated the volume to him. The poem "Armistice" consists of one single sentence, without punctuation, organized in couplets all of which rhyme on the sound of the letter "d". Newey called this a "virtuosic piece" that "disdains simplistic notions about peace and war and has the humility to acknowledge the limits of art".
Reception
Adam Newey, in The Guardian, said the collection "makes rich use of symbol, especially biblical symbol, and reads somewhat like a modern-day Book of Revelation – there's definitely something of the entranced, ecstatic visionary in some of the bravura pieces here". He added that it "delivers a stream of feverish, oneiric visions, of apocalypse brought about through war or environmental catastrophe or the boundless human capacity for self‑deception and bedevilment". According to Helen Dunmore, a British poet and the chair of judges that awarded David Harsent the T.S. Eliot Prize, "Fire Songs plumbs language and emotion with technical brilliance and prophetic power".
References
2014 poetry books
English poetry collections
Faber and Faber books
T. S. Eliot Prize-winning works
North Point is a mixed-use urban area on the north of Hong Kong Island.
North Point may also refer to:
Places
United States
Carnegie Camp North Point, a camp in New York
North Point, former name of Cohasset, California
North Point, Maryland
North Point, St. Louis, Missouri
North Point Community Church, a megachurch located in Alpharetta, Georgia
North Point Park (Van Buren County, Michigan), a conservation area in Michigan
North Point (Cambridge, Massachusetts), the redevelopment of old rail yard land in East Cambridge, Massachusetts
North Point High School, in Waldorf, Maryland
North Point Light, a lighthouse in Lake Park, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
North Point Mall, a super-regional shopping mall in Alpharetta, Georgia
North Point Office Building and Tower, a complex consisting of a skyscraper and an office building in Cleveland, Ohio
Other places
North Point, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada
North Point, Queensland, a point on Moreton Island, Queensland, Australia
North Point, Signy Island, a point on Signy Island, South Orkney Islands, Antarctica
St. Joseph's School, Darjeeling (commonly called North Point), in West Bengal, India
Other uses
"North Point" (1987), a song from Mike Oldfield's album Islands
"North Point" (1974), an instrumental on BBC Radio 1971-1974 and Floating World Live by Soft Machine
NP (novel) (short for "North Point"), a 1990 novel by Banana Yoshimoto
Battle of North Point, a part of the Battle of Baltimore during the War of 1812
North Point Press, an imprint of Farrar, Straus and Giroux
See also
Northpoint (disambiguation)
Fahardine Hassani (born 7 November 1993) is a Comorian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the French club CS Bourgoin-Jallieu, and the Comoros national football team.
Hassani spent his entire youth playing for Olympque de Vaulx, and joined Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01 as the reserve goalkeeper. After a successful debut season with CS Bourgoin-Jallieu in 2017, Hassani earned a callup to the Comoros national football team.
International career
Hassani made his debut for the Comoros national football team in a 3-0 loss in the 2018 COSAFA Cup to Mozambique on 29 May 2018.
References
External links
NFT Profile
1997 births
Living people
Citizens of the Comoros through descent
Comorian footballers
Comoros international footballers
French footballers
French sportspeople of Comorian descent
Association football goalkeepers
Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01 players
Jaro Fürth (born Edwin Fürth-Jaro; 21 April 1871 – 12 November 1945) was an Austrian stage and film actor.
Early life
Fürth was born to Jewish parents in Prague. Initially he studied law, but began his acting career under the tutelage of Alexander Römpler before taking stage engagements in Scandinavia, performing in roles created by Henrik Ibsen. In 1905 he travelled to Vienna, where he received an engagement at the Deutschen Volkstheater.
Film career
In the late 1910s he went to Berlin and began appearing in silent films. Under the direction of F.W. Murnau, he appeared in such films as: The Head of Janus (1920) and Satanas (1920), and after that followed with roles in films such as Das Blut der Ahnen (The Blood of the Ancestors) (1920) and Der falsche Dimitry (The False Dmitry) (1922). He played Councilor Rumfort in Georg Wilhelm Pabst's 1925 drama Joyless Street, opposite Danish actress Asta Nielsen, with Swedish actress Greta Garbo, playing his daughter.
Fürth would transition to the era of sound film with ease, and would become a notable character actor throughout the late 1920s and 1930s, appearing in such films as G. W. Pabst's drama Diary of a Lost Girl (1929) opposite American actress Louise Brooks, and Karel Lamač's Die Fledermaus (1931) opposite Czech actress Anny Ondra.
Nazi persecution and death
Fürth left Germany after the German National-Socialists seized power in 1933 and he moved to Vienna. After the 1938 Anschluss, in which Germany occupied and annexed Austria, Fürth took leave of his acting and was deported by the Nazis to Theresienstadt concentration camp in 1942. He lived to see the end of the war, but died several months later in Vienna at the age of 74.
Selected filmography
The Head of Janus (1920)
Satanas (1920)
The Railway King (1921)
The False Dimitri (1922)
Money in the Streets (1922)
Two Worlds (1922)
I.N.R.I. (1923)
La Boheme (1923)
His Wife, The Unknown (1923)
The Doomed (1924)
Arabella (1924)
Joyless Street (1925)
Tragedy (1925)
Ballettratten (1925)
The Island of Dreams (1925)
The Woman from Berlin (1925)
The Wig (1925)
Comedians (1925)
Malice (1926)
The Red Mouse (1926)
Lace (1926)
Vienna - Berlin (1926)
Superfluous People (1926)
Eyes Open, Harry! (1926)
The Brothers Schellenberg (1926)
Children of No Importance (1926)
The Eleven Schill Officers (1926)
The Transformation of Dr. Bessel (1927)
Attorney for the Heart (1927)
The Indiscreet Woman (1927)
Flirtation (1927)
Two Under the Stars (1927)
Carnival Magic (1927)
The Lady and the Chauffeur (1928)
Panic (1928)
Children's Tragedy (1928)
Gentlemen Among Themselves (1929)
Diary of a Lost Girl (1929)
A Mother's Love (1929)
Fräulein Else (1929)
The Youths (1929)
Tragedy of Youth (1929)
Somnambul (1929)
The Woman Everyone Loves Is You (1929)
It's You I Have Loved (1929)
Napoleon at Saint Helena (1929)
The Hound of the Baskervilles (1929)
The Immortal Vagabond (1930)
Police Spy 77 (1930)
Die Fledermaus (1931)
Reckless Youth (1931)
Dreaming Lips (1932)
The Golden Anchor (1932)
The Naked Truth (1932)
Invisible Opponent (1933)
Little Mother (1935)
References
External links
1871 births
1945 deaths
Austrian male stage actors
Austrian male film actors
Austrian male silent film actors
Jewish Austrian male actors
Austrian Jews
Theresienstadt Ghetto prisoners
Theresienstadt Ghetto survivors
Male actors from Prague
20th-century Austrian male actors
Kolondieba is a small town and commune in the cercle of Kolondiéba, in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. At the 2009 Census, the commune had a population of 57,898.
In the local language, Kolondieba means "Big White Well."
See also
List of cities in Mali
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Seagull is a 2018 American historical drama film directed by Michael Mayer with a screenplay by Stephen Karam, based on the 1896 play of the same name by Anton Chekhov. The film stars Annette Bening, Saoirse Ronan, Corey Stoll, Elisabeth Moss, Mare Winningham, Jon Tenney, Glenn Fleshler, Michael Zegen, Billy Howle and Brian Dennehy. Filming began in June 2015 in New York City and the world premiere took place at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 21, 2018, prior to general release on May 11, 2018, through Sony Pictures Classics.
Synopsis
Set in Russia in the early 1900s, an aging actress named Irina Arkadina pays summer visits to her brother Pjotr Nikolayevich Sorin and her son Konstantin at a country estate. On one occasion, she brings her lover Boris Trigorin, a successful novelist. Nina, a free and innocent girl on a neighboring estate, who is in a relationship with Konstantin, falls in love with Boris.
Cast
Annette Bening as Irina Arkadina, an actress. Mother to Konstantin and lover of Boris
Saoirse Ronan as Nina Zarechnaya, young actress and lover of Konstantin
Corey Stoll as Boris Trigorin, a successful author and Irina's lover
Elisabeth Moss as Masha, daughter of Polina and Shamrayev
Mare Winningham as Polina, wife to Shamrayev
Jon Tenney as Dr. Sergeyevich Dorn
Glenn Fleshler as Shamrayev, father of Masha and husband to Polina
Michael Zegen as Mikhail Medvedenko, a young schoolteacher in love with Masha
Billy Howle as Konstantin Treplyov, a playwright in a tumultuous relationship with Nina
Brian Dennehy as Sorin, Irina's aging brother
Production
On May 13, 2015, it was announced that Michael Mayer would direct the adaptation of Anton Chekhov's play The Seagull, scripted by Stephen Karam. Saoirse Ronan and Annette Bening would star along with Corey Stoll and Billy Howle. Producers are Leslie Urdang, Tom Hulce and Robert Salerno.
Filming began on June 29, 2015, in New York City, with much of the film shot on location at Arrow Park in Monroe, NY.
Release
In October 2017, Sony Pictures Classics acquired distribution rights to the film. The film had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 21, 2018. It was released on May 11, 2018.
Critical response
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of , based on reviews, with an average of . The website's critical consensus reads, "The latest iteration of The Seagull does little to distinguish itself from other Chekhov adaptations but provides a pleasing showcase for its sterling cast." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 58 out of 100, based on 31 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
A.O. Scott reviewing the film for The New York Times found the cast for the film to be very well selected for their roles but the film as a whole to be disappointing stating: "Ms. Bening, Ms. Moss and Ms. Ronan in particular are superb, as you also probably didn't need me to tell you. Each one finds the individuality that Chekhov, with uncanny sympathy and sly gallantry, imparted to his female characters. The cast is great. The play is great. But this is still a bad movie, because it has no clear or coherent idea of how to be one".
References
External links
2018 films
2018 drama films
2010s English-language films
American drama films
American films based on plays
Films based on plays by Anton Chekhov
Films directed by Michael Mayer
Films set in Russia
Films shot in New York City
Films with screenplays by Stephen Karam
Sony Pictures Classics films
2010s American films
Dubautia waialealae is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Wai'ale'ale dubautia. Like other Dubautia this plant is called na`ena`e.
Distribution
Dubautia waialealae is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known only from Mount Waiʻaleʻale on Kauai. One individual was seen outside the range, about 14 kilometers away, but this plant is now dead. A recent count estimates a total population of about 3000 plants.
The plant grows in boggy wet forest habitat on the mountain summit that is considered one of the rainiest spots on earth, if not the rainiest. It grows in habitat around the famous Mount Waiʻaleʻale rain gauge, which measures 460 inches (38.3 feet) of rain in an average year, its distribution extending a short way down the slopes of the mountain.
Description
Dubautia waialealae, a distinctive member of the silversword alliance, takes the form of a dense, rounded, cushionlike clump 10 to 50 centimeters tall. The leaves are borne in tightly packed whorls. Yellow flowers are borne in heads. Blooming occurs in August through November.
Conservation
Threats to this rare localized endemic plant include damage to the habitat by feral pigs, feral goats, and invasive plant species such as Juncus planifolius and Andropogon virginicus. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 2010.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile for Dubautia waialealae (Wai'ale'ale dubautia)
waialealae
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Biota of Kauai
Junagarh is a Vidhan Sabha constituency of Kalahandi district, Odisha, India.
This constituency includes Junagarh, Junagarh block and Golamunda block.
In 2014 election, Biju Janata Dal candidate Captain Dibya Shankar Mishra defeated Indian National Congress candidate Gobardhan Dash by a margin of 17,728 votes.
Elected Members
Fourteen elections were held between 1951 and 2019.
Elected members from the Junagarh constituency are:
2019: (78): Dibya Shankar Mishra(BJD)
2014: (78): Dibya Shankar Mishra(BJD)
2009: (78): Gobardhan Dash (Congress)
2004: (98): Himanshu Shekhar Meher (BJP)
2000: (98): Himanshu Shekhar Meher (BJP)
1995: (98): Bikram Keshari Deo (BJP)
1990: (98): Bikram Keshari Deo (BJP)
1985: (98): Bikram Keshari Deo (Janata Party)
1980: (98): Maheshwar Barad (Congress-I)
1977: (98): Maheshwar Barad (Congress)
1974: (98): Udit Pratap Deo (Swatantra Party)
1971: (92): Trinath Sarab (Swatantra Party)
1967: (92): Maheswar Naik (Swatantra Party)
1961: (37): Maheswar Naik (Ganatantra Parishad)
1951: (20): P. K. Deo (Ganatantra Parishad)
2019 Election Result
2014 Election Result
2009 Election Result
Notes
External links
Discover Junagarh
References
Assembly constituencies of Odisha
Kalahandi district
The Viking Way is a long distance trail in England running between the Humber Bridge in North Lincolnshire and Oakham in Rutland.
History
The route was officially opened on Sunday 5 September 1976 at Tealby, by the Deputy Chairman of Lincolnshire County Council; it was to be opened by the chairman, John Hedley-Lewis, but he was ill, and died the following December. Hedley-Lewis was President of the local Ramblers' Associations, and a memorial stile was made for him on the route at Stenwith, a half-mile north of the Rutland Arms in Woolsthorpe-by-Belvoir.
The Countryside Commission recognised the significance of the Viking Way as a high quality long distance walk linking other major routes in Eastern England, these being the Yorkshire Wolds Way at the northern end, the Hereward Way and Macmillan Way from Oakham and indirectly via the Hereward Way, the Jurassic Way from Stamford and the southern end of the Peddars Way from Thetford. Most of the route is designated as part of the European long distance path E2.
Many prehistoric settlements were established on dry ground in the Lincolnshire Wolds and on the Limestone Heath. The route passes sites of early settlements. There is evidence that the Vikings exercised influence over the county (Danelaw) in the 9th century: e.g. the place names ending in by, Scandinavian names recorded in documents and also names marked on coins. Much of the Viking Way is classified as a Byway Open to All Traffic (BOAT) and is thus a vehicular right of way.
Route
North Lincolnshire
The walk passes under the Humber Bridge, then follows the escarpment of the Ancholme Valley over the M180 at the A15 roundabout (Barnetby Top). This section was part of Humberside until April 1996.
Lincolnshire
It follows the Lincolnshire Wolds over the AONB through Caistor, crossing the A46, and Horncastle, crossing the A158. It follows the River Bain into Woodhall Spa along a former railway, now the Spa Trail. It heads north-west through Stixwould, Southrey, Bardney, Stainfield, before reaching Fiskerton where it follows the south side of the River Witham towards Lincoln due west. It used to run alongside the river on Waterside South and then down Canwick Road, but was diverted in around 2002 to take a detour near Washingborough over the river.
From here it crosses the Lincoln – Grimsby railway, then enters Lincoln on Crofton Road then skirts the south side of Lincoln County Hospital, follows Lindum Terrace and crosses the A15. It passes Pottergate and enters the grounds of Lincoln Cathedral, passing the south side on Minster Yard. It heads down Steep Hill and follows the main shopping High Street of Lincoln, over the River Witham and crosses the railway at a level crossing. It follows Tentercroft Street then continues along Sincil Bank towards the football ground. It heads along Scorer Street towards South Park, and meets the old route on Canwick Road (B1188). It then runs along the southern edge of the South Common, which also forms the boundary between the borough of Lincoln and North Kesteven and crosses the A15 on the North Kesteven boundary.
It runs parallel to the A607 to the west of Bracebridge Heath and through Waddington, Harmston, Coleby, Boothby Graffoe, Navenby and Wellingore along the Lincoln Cliff, then follows the old Ermine Street, crossing the A607. Near High Dyke Farm, just north of the A17 it meets the boundary of South Kesteven and North Kesteven, west of RAF Cranwell. At Byard's Leap it crosses the A17 and follows the B6403 towards Ancaster along the South Kesteven boundary (which continues to just north of Ancaster). It heads west and enters South Kesteven. It meets the A607 again at Carlton Scroop, then crosses the River Witham and passes through Marston and Long Bennington. It was extended to Long Bennington in 1997 to allow walkers to cross the A1 on a road bridge, as previously they were obliged to cross the road directly, near Foston. It no longer goes through Allington, and crosses the A52 near Sedgebrook and a level crossing over the Nottingham to Grantham Line. It then follows what used to be called Sewstern Lane and meets the Lincolnshire – Leicestershire boundary near Harston which it follows and crosses the A607.
Leicestershire
It passes Saltby Airfield (former RAF Saltby) and Buckminster, then goes through Sewstern where it briefly enters Leicestershire and the borough of Melton.
Rutland
It rejoins the Lincolnshire boundary near to the source of the River Witham then enters Rutland and Thistleton. It passes alarmingly close to the former RAF Cottesmore and goes through Greetham and Exton. It meets the A606 and Hereward Way at Whitwell, then passes through the two watersports centres on Rutland Water at Whitwell and Barnsdale. From here it follows the A606 from Barnsdale Hill into Oakham. When the route was opened, it followed main roads from Exton to Oakham; the facilities at Whitwell and Barnsdale had not then been developed.
See also
Humber Bridge
Lincolnshire Wolds AONB
National Trails
Long-distance footpaths in the UK
European Walking Route E2
References
Further reading
Stead, John; The Viking Way (A Cicerone guide); Milnthorpe: Cicerone Press (1990).
The Viking Way: Official Guidebook to the 147 Mile Long Distance Footpath Through Lincolnshire and Rutland; Lincolnshire Books (1997).
Gallery
East Lindsey District
Footpaths in Lincolnshire
Long-distance footpaths in England
North Kesteven District
Borough of North Lincolnshire
South Kesteven District
Tourist attractions in Rutland
West Lindsey District
1976 establishments in England
Transport in Rutland
Shunoku Sōen (pronounced with a hard 'n': "Shunn'oku") (春屋宗園) (1529 - 1611) was a Rinzai Zen monk of the Azuchi-Momoyama and early Edo periods and the 111th Head Priest of Daitoku-ji temple. He received the title Zen Master Rōgen Tenshin (Rōgen Tenshin Zenji 朗源天真禅師) from Emperor Ōgimachi in 1586 and the highest acclaim of National Teacher Taihō Enkan (Taihō Enkan Kokushi 大宝円鑑国師) from Emperor Go-Yōzei (1571-1617) in 1600. Sōen was born in Yamashiro Province and became a monk at an early age. He first trained under Rosetsu Yōha (dates unknown) at Kennin-ji before becoming a student of Kōin Sōken at Daitoku-ji. After Sōken's death, Sōen completed his training under Shōrei Sōkin (1505-1584) of Daisen-in and the 107th Head Priest of Daitoku-ji. Sōen became the 111th Head Priest of Daitoku-ji in 1569 (2nd year of the Eiroko Era).
Time at Nanshū-ji, Sakai
Sōen spent some years in Sakai at the Yōshun-an sub-temple of Nanshū-ji after assuming the position of 111th Head Priest, a tradition followed by such masters as Ikkyū Sōjun after becoming Head Priest of Daitoku-ji. Takeno Jōō and Sen Rikyū trained in Zen at Nanshū-ji and the karesansui (dry landscape) garden on the temple grounds was designed by Furuta Oribe. In 1580, Sōen founded Daitsū-an under the patronage of wealthy Sakai merchant and legendary tea master Tsuda Sōgyū. Sōen received great adoration from the people of Sakai and in 1583 he became the 3rd Head Priest of Nanshū-ji.
Return to Daitoku-ji and Opening of Sangen-in
Sōen returned to Kyōto in 1589 and resided at the Daisen-in and Jukō-in sub-temples of Daitoku-ji before founding a new sub-temple Sangen-in under the patronage of Ishida Mitsunari and Asano Nagamasa. While at Sangen-in, Sōen founded Zuigaku-ji Temple in Omi Province, again sponsored by Mitsunari, and Yakusen-ji under the patronage of tea master and Sakai merchant Yamaoka Sōmu (?-1595).
Connection with the Japanese Tea Ceremony
Shunoko Sōen is famous for his deep connection with the Way of Tea. He held many tea wares now in the Sangen-in estate. In the collection of Sōen's poetry and Buddhist verses (gatha) entitled ‘Ichimoku Kō' 一黙稿, he writes about the beauty of some of the most famous art objects in chanoyu history including the Chigusa, Miroku and Akebono tea jars and the Seitaka Katatsuki, and Enza Katatsuki tea caddies. The tea masters that studied Zen under him are a veritable who's who of chanoyu: Sōen bestowed Buddhist training names to Furuta Oribe (Kinpo 金甫), Ueda Sōko (Chikuin 竹隠), Kobori Enshū (Daiyū 大有), Sen Dōan (Minō 眠翁), Sen Sōtan, (Genshuku 元叔) and Yabunouchi Jōchi (Kenchū 剣中). Sōen was also closely associated with Imai Sōkyū and Sen Rikyū. In 1589, Sōen was the officiating priest for the opening ceremony of the Sanmon gate, reconstructed from funds donated by Rikyū. Three days after the opening, Sōen again officiated for the 50th anniversary memorial for Rikyū's father at Sanmon gate. Rikyū's grandson, Sen Sōtan, was sent to live at Sangen-in under the supervision of Shunoku Sōen at the age of ten through the wish of Rikyū. The calligraphy inscription of Rikyū's famous portrait by Hasegawa Tōhaku was written by Sōen at the request of Sen Dōan.
Sōen passed away in 1611 at the age of 83. His grave is at Sangen-in.
References
Rinzai Buddhists
1529 births
1611 deaths
Zen Buddhist spiritual teachers
Tea ceremony
INRI is Psyclon Nine's second studio album, released on April 26, 2005, by Metropolis Records in the US and NoiTekk in Germany. INRI comes from the Latin phrase which, translated into English, means "Jesus the Nazarene, King of the Jews". The songs are of the dark, aggrotech genre focusing on religious themes. The album contains a cover of Ministry's "You Know What You Are". The original album cover was changed because of nudity. It was only sold in European stores. The new cover is that of the band's logo and bloody wings lying below it.
Track listing
"INRI" (Ner0, Eric Gottesman) – 6:11
"Behind a Serrated Grin" (Ner0) – 4:51
"The Feeding" (Ner0, Gottesman) – 4:09
"Lamb of God" (Ner0, Gottesman, Josef Heresy) – 5:06
"Hymn to the Angels' Descent" (Ner0, Gottesman) – 4:37
"Rape This World" (Ner0, Heresy) – 4:34
"The Feeble Mind" (Ner0, Gottesman) – 4:43
"Requiem for the Christian Era" (Gottesman) – 3:16
"Faith: Disease" (Ner0, Heresy, Gottesman) – 4:36
"Harlot" (Ner0, Gottesman) – 5:05
"The Unfortunate" (Ner0) – 2:50
"Nothing Left" (Ner0, Gottesman) – 6:17
"You Know What You Are" (Ministry) – 4:17 (Ministry cover)
Personnel
Nero Bellum – vocals, lyrics, guitar
Eric Gottesman – lyrics, bass
Josef Heresy – synthesizer
Marisa Lenhardt – vocals on "Requiem for the Christian Era"
Release history
Notes
Psyclon Nine albums
2005 albums
Lena Khan is a film director and writer. She co-wrote and directed The Tiger Hunter (2016) and directed the Disney+ movie Flora & Ulysses (2021).
Early life and career
Khan was born in Canada to Indian parents. Khan grew up Rancho Cucamonga, California before graduating from UCLA's film school. She is a Muslim. Khan has also written and directed short films. Her directorial debut was The Tiger Hunter, a film partially based on her grandfather who was a tiger hunter. Her second film, Flora & Ulysses, was released in February 2021. Khan was on the 2020 Alice Initiative's "List of Emerging Female Directors".
References
External links
American film directors
American Muslims
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American film directors of Indian descent
American screenwriters of Indian descent
The 1944 Wayne Tartars football team represented Wayne University (later renamed Wayne State University) as an independent during the 1944 college football season. The team compiled a 1–1 record, defeating the team from Otterbein College and losing to Michigan State.
Joe Gembis was in his 13th year as head coach. John Rice was the team captain. Harold Vogler was selected as the most valuable player.
The team was originally scheduled to play five games, but three of the games were cancelled. Wayne had scheduled a home-and-away series with Michigan State Normal on October 21 and November 11, but Normal's coach cancelled, claiming not to have enough manpower. A third game against Muskingum was also cancelled.
Schedule
References
Wayne
Wayne State Warriors football seasons
Wayne Tartars football
Mandoline is the debut album by Phil Beer, released in 1978/1979 on Greenwich Village record label. It follows 1976's Dance Without Music, the second album he recorded with Paul Downes. As the title of this album suggests, a theme on the album is the mandolin, an instrument Beer has used in almost all of his work.
The album is scarce. It is unknown how many copies were pressed, but it has never been reissued.
Track listing
"Stanleys Favourite / The Brighton"
"Dan Tucker / Soldiers Joy"
"Two Reels"
"Green Rag"
"Buddy Can You Spare a Dime"
"Joes Hornpipe / Poppy Leaf"
"Good King Arthurs Days"
"Morning Sky"
"Slip Jigs"
"Three Pretty Maids"
"Jigs"
"Up to the Rigs"
"Jigs"
"Banks of the Barn"
The two tracks entitled "Jigs" are different.
References
1979 debut albums
Phil Beer albums
The Daihatsu Fellow Max is a small Japanese automobile in the Kei car class. Originally introduced as the Daihatsu Fellow, the name was partially retained for the Max Cuore (1977) and then again for the 2000 Daihatsu Max.
360cc era
Fellow
On 9 November 1966, Daihatsu introduced the Fellow, also known as Daihatsu 360 in export markets. Originally only available in DeLuxe and Super DeLuxe equipment levels, a Standard version joined in February 1967. Also available with a wagon body (Fellow Van), as a mini-pickup truck and as a panel van from June 1967, the L37 was conventionally built with a front-mounted engine and rear-wheel drive. It used a 23 PS iteration of the 356 cc, water-cooled two-cylinder two-stroke "ZM" engine already seen in the Hijet and a four-speed manual transmission. The self-lubricating ("Oil-Matic") little engine weighed only . The Fellow was the first Japanese car to be equipped with rectangular headlights.
As a result of Honda's 31 PS N360 being introduced early in 1967, a Kei-car horsepower war broke out, with Honda, Subaru, Suzuki, Mazda, and Mitsubishi contributing competitors. Daihatsu's response, the Fellow SS, was presented at the 1967 Tokyo Motor Show in October but did not go on sale until June the next year. A Le Mans-style sportscar prototype, the P-5 with the SS engine was shown alongside. The 32 PS "SS" could do the 400 meter sprint in 21.2 seconds.
The Fellow also received a slight facelift in October 1967, with a new dashboard and steering wheel most noticeable. Another minor change came in January 1969, with a fixed driver's side headrest and seatbelts installed because of new safety regulations. In July, along with what was literally a facelift (the front bumper was now mounted higher), the lesser engine's output increased to 26 PS and a comparatively luxurious "Custom" version was added at the top of the lineup. The size of the taillights also increased somewhat. An electric version called the Daihatsu Fellow Van EV went on sale in September 1969.
Fellow Buggy
A beach buggy version was introduced simultaneously with the other three body styles. While highly prized by collectors today, the Buggy only sold about 100 examples and was only available for a single model year. The 440 kg Fellow Buggy was not actually a "real" Fellow, as it was built on a Hijet S37 chassis, with fibre-reinforced plastic bodywork. The Buggy also used the Hijet's lower powered () engine, providing a top speed of .
Fellow Max
In April 1970, the front-wheel drive L38 Daihatsu Fellow Max was introduced to replace the rear-wheel drive Fellow. Originally only available as a two-door sedan and three-door van (L38V), a hardtop coupé with a lower roofline and a somewhat baroque front-end treatment was added in August 1971 (L38GL). SL and GXL Hardtops received standard front disc brakes. In October 1972 a four-door version (L38F) appeared; it was the only four-door Kei car at the time of its introduction. Dimensions were 2,995 x 1,295 mm as dictated by the Kei car regulations, although the wheelbase was stretched by 100 mm to 2,090 mm. The engine was a 360 cc two-cylinder two-stroke ("ZM4"), offering at the time of introduction. In July 1970 the SS version appeared, featuring a twin-carb, 40 PS (SAE) version of the ZM engine (ZM5) - a specific output of over 112 PS per litre. Top speed was 120 km/h, compared to 115 km/h () for the lesser versions. In October 1972, for the '73 model year, engine outputs dropped somewhat, to 31 and 37 PS respectively to lower fuel consumption and meet new, more stringent emissions standards. These engines were called ZM12 and ZM13 respectively.
In export markets, this car was usually sold simply as the "Daihatsu 360". In Australia, where the car went on sale in early 1972 as a two-door sedan, it was called the Max 360X. It was the cheapest new car available in Australia at the time. Unaffected by emissions regulations, it was equipped with the 33 PS version of the engine; in a period road test by Wheels magazine it reached and managed the sprint to in 33.2 seconds. It was also sold as the Daihatsu 360X in New Zealand.
The Fellow Max received a steady stream of facelifts during its existence. It underwent minor changes in March 1971 (new grille, dash modifications), March 1972 (new dash, round headlights and a new bonnet with longitudinal creases), May 1973 (changes to the fenders and new bumpers that fitted into the bodywork, and another new bonnet) and in October 1973 (new safety equipment). In February 1975 the bumpers were modified again, to allow for the fitment of new, larger license plates. The grille and front bumper arrangement was changed yet again. At the same time the interior saw some changes and the powerful twin-carb model was dropped as it wouldn't pass new emissions regulations. From now on, all models were equipped with the 31 PS "ZM12" engine. In May 1976 the car underwent more thorough changes as new Kei car regulations were introduced. This also marked the end of the Hardtop versions, which anyhow had lost relevance once the twin-carb engine was discontinued.
550cc era
In May 1976, responding to a change in the Kei car regulations, Daihatsu increased the Fellow Max' engine size to 547 cc and gave it a new chassis code (L40/L40V). The name remained, although the "Fellow" portion received less prominence and some marketing material simply referred to the car as the "Max 550". The new "AB10" four-stroke two-cylinder engine replaced the old two-cycle "ZM". This, developed with help from Toyota, was an overhead camshaft design (belt-driven) which also featured balance axles to smoothen the inherently imbalanced two-cylinder design. The AB10 engine was also briefly sold to Suzuki for use in the four-stroke version of their Fronte 7-S. The cleaner four-stroke offered less power than the revvy 360, down to at 6,000 rpm. Torque increased somewhat, to at a significantly lower 3,500 rpm.
New bumpers meant length and width were up marginally to and . Claimed top speed was , somewhat lower than that of the 360. With Honda withdrawing from the Kei passenger car segment, Daihatsu became the only maker to offer a Kei car featuring front-wheel drive. The Van used the front end and front doors from the two-door Max, but with a more square-rigged rear end featuring a split tailgate (divided horizontally) and a folding rear seat which allowed for a flat loading floor.
Max Cuore
In July 1977, the name was changed to Max Cuore (chassis code L45, although Vans remained L40V). The new name also heralded a wider body shell (up to ) which also increased the length to 3160 mm for the sedan and 3165 mm for the wagon. By March, 1979 the car was renamed Daihatsu Cuore (though it still carried discrete "Max" badging), along with a power upgrade to at 6000 rpm. Torque increased to for the engine, which now featured the DECS (Daihatsu Economical Clean-up System) emissions control system to meet the stricter 1978 (53年) emissions standards. The front grille and emblems were changed, while the seats were improved and new colors (inside and out) became available. The Cuore Van, available in Standard, DeLuxe, and Super DeLuxe grades, now had on tap.
In most of Europe, the car was simply called Daihatsu Cuore beginning in 1977, although it retained the "Max" prefix in some markets. Export versions received the same lower-powered engine as the Cuore Van did in Japan. 1980 saw the introduction of the parallel commercial series Daihatsu Mira, while the name "Max" finally disappeared entirely from the Cuore. In Japan, the 1979 Max Cuore was available as Standard (two-door), Deluxe (two or four doors), Custom (four-door), Hi-Custom (two or four doors), and Hi-Custom EX (four-door). The top of the line Hi-Custom EX was new for 1979.
2000s
The Daihatsu Max was a partial revival of the Daihatsu Fellow Max nameplate, appearing on October 10, 2001. Sales of the Daihatsu Max 5-door wagon began on November 1, using the same technical data as the second generation Move, though 10 mm lower. In 2006, the Max was replaced by the Sonica.
References
F
Kei cars
Cars introduced in 1966
ja:ダイハツ・フェロー
The men's 10,000 m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 12 at 12:55 local time.
Results
References
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships
Çaylı is a village in the Tefenni district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Tefenni District
Sir Marcus James O'Lone, KCVO, FRICS (born 1953) is a retired British land agent.
Born in Belfast, O'Lone was the son of a colonel. He was educated at the Royal Agricultural College. In 1977, he became agent to the Marquess of Salisbury, working for him until joining the Royal Household as Deputy Ranger of Windsor Great Park in 1995. Three years later, he became Land Agent to Queen at Sandringham, serving until 2018 when he retired. O'Lone and Sandringham's head keeper David Clark received the Game and Wildlife Conservation Trust's Mills & Reeve Grey Partridge Award in 2018 for their efforts to conserve the grey partridge on the Sandringham Estate.
O'Lone was appointed a Lieutenant of the Royal Victorian Order in 2003 and promoted to Commander ten years later. On retirement, he was promoted to Knight Commander. He is also a fellow of the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors and the Association of Agricultural Valuers.
References
Living people
1953 births
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Edward O'Sullivan Lee OD (23 August 1941 – 6 October 2020), better known as Bunny "Striker" Lee, was a Jamaican record producer. He was known as a pioneer of the United Kingdom reggae market, licensing his productions to Trojan Records in the early 1970s, and later working with Lee "Scratch" Perry and King Tubby.
Early life
Bunny Lee was born on 23 August 1941 and grew up in the Greenwich Farm area of Kingston, where his father was a shoemaker.
Career
Lee began his career working as a record plugger for Duke Reid's Treasure Isle label in 1962, later performing the same duties for Leslie Kong. He then moved on to work with Ken Lack, initially in an administrative role, before taking on engineering duties. Lee then moved into producing (i.e. financing) records himself, his first hit record coming with Roy Shirley's "Music Field" on WIRL in 1967. Lee then set up his own Lee's label, the first release being Lloyd Jackson's "Listen to the Beat". He produced further hits during 1967–68 by Lester Sterling and Stranger Cole, Derrick Morgan, Slim Smith and The Uniques ("My Conversation"), Pat Kelly, and The Sensations, establishing him as one of Jamaica's top producers. Between 1969 and 1972 he produced classic hits including Slim Smith's "Everybody Needs Love", Max Romeo's "Wet Dream", Delroy Wilson's "Better Must Come", Eric Donaldson's "Cherry Oh Baby", and John Holt's "Stick By Me".
Lee was a pioneer of the United Kingdom reggae market, licensing his productions to the Palmer Brothers (Pama) and Trojan Records in the early 1970s.
The mid-1970s saw Lee work with his most successful singer, Johnny Clarke, as well as Owen Gray and Cornell Campbell, and along with Lee "Scratch" Perry, he broke the dominance of Coxsone Dodd and Duke Reid. This era also saw the emergence of the "flying cymbal" sound on Lee's productions, developed by drummer Carlton 'Santa' Davis, with Lee's session band, The Aggrovators ("flying symbol" technique was started by Winston Grennan, who shared it with Davis).
Lee was instrumental in producing early dub music, working with his friend and dub pioneer King Tubby in the early 1970s. Lee and Tubby were experimenting with new production techniques which Lee described as "implements of sound." Working with equipment that today would be considered primitive and limiting, they produced tracks that consisted of mostly the rhythm parts mixed with distorted or altered versions of a song.
With all the bass and drum ting now, dem ting just start by accident, a man sing off key, an when you have a reach a dat you drop out everything an leave the drum, an lick in the bass, an cause a confusion an people like it...
Lee encouraged Tubby to mix increasingly wild dubs, sometimes including sound effects such as thunderclaps and gunshots. In addition to King Tubby, dub mixers Prince Jammy and Philip Smart also worked extensively on Lee's productions, with most of Lee's dubs from 1976 onwards mixed by Jammy.
In addition to dub sides and instrumentals, Lee would be one of the first producers to realise the potential of reusing the same rhythm tracks time and time again with different singers and deejays, partly out of necessity – unlike some of the other major producers Lee did not have his own studio and had to make the most of the studio time he paid for. The latter half of the 1970s saw Lee work with some of Jamaica's top new talent, including Linval Thompson, Leroy Smart, and Barry Brown.
By 1977 Joe Gibbs and Channel One Studios with the Hookim Brothers became "the place to be", reducing Lee's prominence. However, during the late 1970s Lee produced almost every deejay, notably Dennis Alcapone, U-Roy, I-Roy, Prince Jazzbo, U Brown, Dr Alimantado, Jah Stitch, Trinity, and Tapper Zukie. Most of these were quick productions, usually to classic Studio One or Treasure Isle riddims. The aim was to get deejay versions on the street quickly and were usually voiced at Tubby's studio in the Waterhouse district of Kingston. In the early 1980s, Lee purchased Gibbs' studio in Duhaney Park, and continued producing, albeit on a less prolific basis than in the 1970s.
In 1983, Lee produced the first album by future star Beenie Man, titled The Invincible Beany Man (The 10 Year Old D.J. Wonder).
In March 2015 a fire at Lee's Gorgon Entertainment Studio destroyed equipment with a value estimated by Lee at JA$100 million.
Recognition
In 1982 an episode of the Channel 4 documentary series Deep Roots was dedicated to Lee. Filmed in the control room of King Tubby's studio, it included a lengthy conversation with him and some of the musicians he has worked with over the years including Delroy Wilson, Johnny Clarke, Prince Jazzbo and Jackie Edwards. It then shows Lee producing a dub while Prince Jammy mixes. The program was released on DVD in January 2008.
In 2008 he was awarded the Order of Distinction by the Jamaican Government in recognition of his contribution to Jamaican music.
In 2013 a documentary film was released, I Am The Gorgon – Bunny 'Striker' Lee and the Roots of Reggae, directed by Diggory Kenrick, telling the story of Lee's life from childhood to the present, featuring U Roy, Dennis Alcapone, Lee "Scratch" Perry, Sly and Robbie, Johnny Clarke, John Holt and others.
Personal life
Lee had one son, Errol Lee (born 1968), with singer Marlene Webber. Errol was believed to be running a non-profit organisation, Caring Kids' Concerts, which mentors young people using music, as of October 2020.
At the time of Lee's death, his wife was Annette Wong-Lee, mother to four of his children: two sons, Edward Jr. and Kirk, and two daughters, Toni Ann and Bonnie Lee.
Death
Lee's death at the age of 79 from heart failure on 6 October 2020. He had been suffering from several health issues, including kidney problems relating to diabetes, for some time.
References
External links
CD Times meets Bunny Lee
"Dub Echoes", a documentary about dub's influence on the birth of drum n bass, electronic music and hip hop
1941 births
2020 deaths
Musicians from Kingston, Jamaica
Jamaican record producers
Jamaican reggae musicians
Officers of the Order of Distinction
Alfonso Bortolotti (22 November 1911 – 17 October 2005) was an Italian sculptor. His work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1911 births
2005 deaths
20th-century Italian sculptors
20th-century Italian male artists
Italian male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Bologna
Riccardo Tempestini (born 9 October 1961) is an Italian former water polo player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Florence
King George High School is a high school in King George County, Virginia, United States. It has been the only high school in the county since 1968, when the county's schools were integrated and Ralph Bunche High School was closed. In 2006 ground was broken on a new high school building that opened in February 2008.
It is the school district for areas adjacent to Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division.
Athletics
The Men's Basketball team won the 1969-1970 state championship, the only team state championship for the school.
From the late 1990s until the early 2000s King George won 7 consecutive championships under the leadership of the legendary coach Jim Moyer.
King George High School has won six consecutive Men's district championships and 4 consecutive Women's district titles with the Men's team placing 3rd in the state of Virginia A/AA swimming and diving championships in 2005. The Women's swim team won the district title in 1997, 1998, 2005 and 2008-2011 while the Men's team has won in 2005 and 2008-2011
Notable alumni
Krystal Ball, Democratic Party Congressional candidate for Virginia.
Jermon Bushrod, left tackle for the Miami Dolphins
Collette Wolfe, actress
References
See also
Ralph Bunche High School
Public high schools in Virginia
High School
Educational institutions established in 1968
1968 establishments in Virginia
Boldağ is a village in the District of Finike, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Finike District
Ghana National Gas Company is the state Agency that has the mandate to operate infrastructure required for the gathering, processing, transporting and marketing of natural gas resources in Ghana.
History
The company was incorporated in July 2011 by the Government of Ghana .
See also
Atuabo
Atuabo Gas Plant
References
Oil and gas companies of Ghana
Natural gas companies
Energy companies established in 2011
Ghanaian companies established in 2011
Toelgyfaloca circumdata is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It was described by Constant Vincent Houlbert in 1921. It is found in China in Beijing, Shanxi, Henan, Shaanxi, Gansu, Hubei, Sichuan and Yunnan.
References
Moths described in 1921
Thyatirinae
Zoroastrian weddings are a religious ceremony in Zoroastrianism in which two individuals, a man and a woman are united. In Zoroastrianism, marriage within the community is encouraged, and is greatly favored in religious texts. The following information will detail ceremony procedures and traditional processes for a Zoroastrian wedding.
Prior to ceremony
Age
In the Avesta, manhood and womanhood are gained at the age of 15, when they would be ready for marriage. However, in India, the threshold for marriage is set by the Parsi Marriage and Divorce Act, 1936 which states the threshold at 21 for males and 18 for females. If either of the marrying parties are below the age given in the act, the parents of the underage marrying party must sign on the marriage certificate to signify their approval.
Arranged marriages
Traditionally marriages are arranged by the parents with the consent of the children. In recent times however, it is not uncommon for this system to be reversed, with the parents consulted about a decision made by the marrying parties.
Ceremony
Ceremonies exist which are observed prior to the marriage. They will be most likely spread over several days. Ceremonies vary, and not all the rites described below may be observed in one wedding. Other customs may also be included.
Prior to the marriage
Adrâvvûn
also known by the older name of Nâm pâdvûn
Presents of silver coins are prepared by the ladies of both the bride and bridegroom's families in the homes of the marrying parties, each group going to the other's home. It is upon this betrothal that the bride takes the name of her husband, even if the marriage does not later occur. This betrothal is often performed quickly after a marriage is arranged.
Madasoro
Divô
Two lamps are lit, one in each of the homes of the marrying parties. Once again the ladies travel to the home of the other party and place a silver coin upon the lamp. It is at this occasion that formal gifts are exchanged. This includes the exchange of wedding rings.
Âdarni
The third day before the wedding, is regarded as the day for gift exchanging. On this day the groom's family visits the bride's home to present her with all the gifts like clothes and jewelry. The ritual is known as Adarni. The bride herself may also go over to the groom's home for this tradition but the groom cannot do the same. The relatives, neighbors and friends are treated to a traditional meal of sev and dahi, boiled eggs and bananas.
The marriage
Auspicious days, such as new moon day or Hormazd, the first day of the Parsee month, are generally favoured for the wedding ceremony, coming on the fourth day of festivities. The first day of these is known as mândav-saro, when a twig of a tree, generally a mango-tree, is planted near the door, symbolic of a wish for fertility. This is followed by two Varadh-patra days when religious ceremonies in honour of the dead are performed.
With the marriage ceremony occurring in the evening of the fourth day the bride and bridegroom will have prior taken baths, known as nân. The marriage must be performed in front of an assembly of witnesses, the Parsi Marriage and Divorce Act requires at least two witnesses as well as the priest.
The ceremonial dress of the Parsees is the Jâmâ-pichhoir of which the bride wears a white variety, with the bridegroom sporting the mark of a Kunkun on his forehead.
A few hours before the ceremony a procession forms carrying gifts to the bridegroom's house, usually accompanied by music. It then turns to the house of the bride where, typically, the marriage occurs. The assembly, once seated, awaits the arrival of the groom who is greeted at the door by the mother of the bride. Here a fresh Kunkun mark is placed upon his head.
During the ceremony rice is often used as a good luck symbol, with the bride and groom sprinkling each other with cupfuls of rice. So as to remove any evil destined for the groom an egg is passed round his head three times then thrown to the ground and broken, destroying the evil with it. A similar ritual is then performed with a coconut, and then with a small tray of water which is thrown to the ground.
At a point during the evening the groom will dip his hand into a water-pot (var-behendoo) which was part of the dowry. Into this pot he drops a silver coin, as a mark of appreciation for the gift.
When the bride and groom take their seats the groom sits to the right of the bride and they both face east. Rice is placed on trays either side of the couple to be thrown while they recite their benedictions. Candles, fire being an important symbol in the Zoroastrian faith, are placed either side also. The couple is flanked by a pair of witnesses, usually married relations. A curtain of cloth separates the couple.
Two priests officiate. The couple is asked by the priests whether they consent to the marriage. He then joins their hands, a custom known as Hâthevârô, "hand-fastening". The senior priest places the right hands of the couple into each other. Then a piece of cloth is passed round the chairs of both and tied together enclosing them in a circle. The priest then fastens, seven times, with raw twist their right hands which are grasped by each other. The prayer of Yatha Ahu Vairyo is recited throughout.
The curtain is then dropped and the couple throw rice over each other, the first to do so is said to "win".
The senior priest then blesses the couple by saying:
May the Creator, the omniscient Lord, grant you a progeny of sons and grandsons, plenty of means to provide yourselves, heart-ravishing friendship, bodily strength, long life and an existence of 150 years!
Various questions are then asked to the bride, groom and witnesses. Once they have replied, affirming that they have entered into this with righteous mind the priest will recite admonitions and benedictions. Then the couple symbolically eat from the same dish, a rite known as Dahi-Koomro. At the close of the ceremony, as well as at several junctures prior, nuptial songs may be sung.
A wedding feast then occurs at which toasts are made to God, the couple, the sacred fire temples, the guests and the host. Fish, a symbol of good luck, is served.
References
Citations
Books
J. J. Modi, The Religious Ceremonies and Customs of the Parsees, Bombay, 1922
Weddings by religion
Zoroastrian rituals
"The Proud One" is a 1966 single written by Bob Gaudio and Bob Crewe and originally performed by Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons, and credited to Valli solo; that version peaked at #68 in the U.S. and #64 in Canada. Billboard claimed that "the electric sound of Valli is used to perfection in this powerful ballad, stating that the "easy-go dance beat [is] effective." Cash Box said that it is a "powerhouse" and that "the Valli sound holds the moving, teen-oriented tale of love together and the sweeping arrangement adds a must spin again quality to it."
The Osmonds cover
The Osmonds recorded the song and released it in the spring of 1975. It was their final appearance in the US Top 40, peaking at number 22 on the Billboard Hot 100, and their only number one on the Easy Listening chart, where it spent one week at number one in September 1975. The song also reached number one in Ireland.
Chart history
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1975 (U.S.)
References
External links
1966 songs
1966 singles
1975 singles
Songs written by Bob Gaudio
Songs written by Bob Crewe
Frankie Valli songs
The Four Seasons (band) songs
The Osmonds songs
Irish Singles Chart number-one singles
Philips Records singles
MGM Records singles
Rani Mayeum Choying Wangmo Dorji was the mother of Queen Grandmother Ashi Kesang Choden of Bhutan. She was Choying Wangmo Dorji by her marriage. She is best known for designing the Flag of Bhutan. She died in 1994.
Work
Mayeum Choying Wangmo Dorji designed the flag at her daughter's request: Bhutan had been invited to attend the first Asian conference in New Delhi on March 23, 1947, and a flag representing Bhutan was necessitated for the occasion. Mayeum Choying Wangmo Dorji and Bhutan's late prime minister, Lyonchen Jigme Palden Dorji (her son), represented Bhutan at the conference.
Mayeum Choying Wangmo Dorji chose the Dragon as the symbol of the Kingdom of Druk (Bhutan is sometimes referred to as the Kingdom of the Dragon) and the colours yellow and orange for the colours of the flag as the colours of Buddhist religion.
She was deeply religious and would donate large amounts of money to build temples and monasteries.
She was educated privately and her wedding took place at Bhutan House, Kalimpong, on 5 April 1918.
Patronages
President of the Sikkim Education Board.
Vice-President of Sikkim Research Institute of Tibetology General Council [SRIT] (1964–1965).
Ancestry
References
Bhutanese women in politics
People from Gangtok
1897 births
1994 deaths
Women in Sikkim politics
Flag designers
Everything for Gloria () is a 1941 German romantic comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Leo Slezak, Laura Solari and Johannes Riemann. The film was shot at the Cinecittà in Rome, and marked the German debut of the Italian actress Solari.
Plot
The ambitious female chief executive of a gramophone record company, slowly finds herself falling in love with the company's head of production.
Partial cast
Leo Slezak as chamber singer Möbius
Laura Solari as Regine Möbius
Johannes Riemann as Dr. Herbert Gerlach
Lizzi Waldmüller as Anita Rodino
Hans Fidesser as Fernando Rodino
O. E. Hasse as Dr. Heinz
Henry Lorenzen as Max-Egon Schuster-Köhler
Erika Helmke as Hidegard Schuster-Köhler
Hermann Pfeiffer as Franz Momber
Herbert Weissbach as Eduard Wiesel, acoustician
Harald Foehr-Waldeck as Erich
Bert Schmidt-Maris as Viktor
References
External links
Films of Nazi Germany
German romantic comedy films
German black-and-white films
1941 romantic comedy films
Films directed by Carl Boese
Films shot in Rome
Films shot at Cinecittà Studios
1940s German films
The Princess Diaries is the first volume of the series of the same name by Meg Cabot. It was released in 2000 by Harper Collins Publishers, and later became a film of the same name starring Anne Hathaway.
Summary
Mia Thermopolis is an average urban ninth grader. She lives in Greenwich Village with her single, liberal mother, who is a semi-famous painter, but Mia puts on her Doc Martens one at a time, and the most exciting things she ever dreams about are kissing senior Josh Richter ("six feet of hotness") and passing Algebra. Mia's father comes to town and drops a major bomb: he's not just a European politician as he's always led her to believe, but actually the prince of a small country. And Mia, his only heir, is now considered the crown princess of Genovia. She doesn't even know how to begin to cope: "I am so NOT a princess.... You never saw anyone who looked less like a princess than I do. I mean, I have really bad hair... and... a really big mouth and no breasts and feet that look like skis." Mia's troubles are worsened: her mother has started dating her algebra teacher (Frank Gianini), the paparazzi are showing up at school, and she has a fight with her best friend Lilly. After this they don't talk for a while and become distant from each other. Mia goes to her Grandmère's Plaza Hotel room in order to begin princess training, where she starts to develop into a great princess. Throughout the story Mia also makes another friend named Tina, who is shunned because of her overprotective father, who makes her have a bodyguard.
Plot Summary
Mia Thermopolis is an average urban ninth grader living in Greenwich Village with her single, liberal mother and semi-famous painter, Helen Thermopolis. She begins keeping a journal after her mother begins dating her Algebra teacher, Mr. Gianni, whose subject Mia is currently failing. Mia has a crush on Josh Richter, the boyfriend of popular cheerleader Lana Weinberger, who often makes fun of her, though she also unknowingly harbours feelings for Michael, the brother of her best friend Lilly Moscovitz.
Mia's father, Philippe Renaldo, who has recently recovered from testicular cancer, pays a visit. He reveals to Mia that he is the prince of Genovia, a small European principality. As he is no longer able to have children, Mia is now his sole heir to the throne and the princess of Genovia.
Mia refuses to move to Genovia so she and her father form a compromise; she will remain in New York with her mother during term-time but spend her holidays in Genovia and attend daily princess lessons with her formidable grandmother, the Dowager Princess Clarisse Renaldo. After Clarisse gives Mia a makeover, Lilly reacts negatively, causing Mia to befriend Tina Hakim Baba, the daughter of a Saudi Arabia oil sheik who is shunned at school due to the presence of her bodyguard.
Mia at first hides the truth of her royal status from her peers at school; however her secret is revealed after her grandmother sells the truth to the press, after which Philippe insists on her being accompanied by a bodyguard, Lars. Josh Richter breaks up with Lana and asks Mia to the Cultural Diversity Dance. Mia grows disillusioned with Josh during their date and realises he is only using her for the publicity after he deliberately kisses her in front of the paparazzi. After Mia confronts him, Lilly apologises to Mia and she and Tina encourage Mia to enjoy the rest of the dance with her friends, including Michael. Mr Gianni informs Mia that she has managed to bring her Algebra grade up from an F to a D and Mia realises her feelings for Michael.
Characters
Mia Thermopolis: Describes herself as a five-foot nine, flat chested, freshman, freak; also known as Amelia Mignonette Grimaldi Thermopolis Renaldo, Princess of Genovia. Mia loves to write, has a tendency to obsess over everything that happens to her, is a vegetarian, identifies as a feminist and is currently failing algebra and many other subjects.
Grandmere: Mia's grandmother, who loves Sidecars, is highly critical of everyone around her. She has a hairless poodle, Rommel, and she calls Michael Moscovitz that boy. Her full name is The Dowager Princess Clarisse Renaldo. Mia and her Grandmother don't get along with each other for most of the story.
Lilly Moscovitz: Mia's bossy activist best friend, who has her own television cable show, Lilly Tells It Like It Is.
Michael Moscovitz: Lilly's older brother, who is extremely smart and according to Mia, is attractive. Also Mia's crush.
Lana Weinberger: Head cheerleader, initially Josh's girlfriend, dislikes Mia and puts her down throughout the book.
Josh Richter: Mia's crush, "six feet of unadulterated hotness." Originally dating Lana at the beginning of the story, he is shown to have manipulative tendencies.
Helen Thermopolis: Mia's quirky painter mother, who surprises Mia by dating her algebra teacher. She is described as irresponsible.
Philippe Renaldo: Mia's royal father, who is the prince of Genovia. He had Mia out of wedlock, and is constantly annoyed by his domineering mother, has many girlfriends, and tells Mia that she is a princess after he is no longer able to have children because he had cancer.
Tina Hakim-Baba: A girl whom Mia befriends throughout the novel. Her father is an oil man sheikh who is worried that she will get kidnapped. She originally is shunned because her overprotective father forces her to have a bodyguard (Wahim), but she and Mia quickly become close.
Frank Gianini: Mia's algebra and homeroom teacher and he dates her mother, Helen. Mia grows to appreciate his after-school algebra review sessions, and though their relationship begins awkwardly, Mia and Mr. G seem to get along well.
Lars: Mia's bodyguard. He follows her almost everywhere and lives in the Plaza. Has some serious blackmail on Mia, having followed her around everywhere.
Fat Louie: Mia's very fat cat who is attracted to anything shiny.
2000 American novels
American young adult novels
The Princess Diaries novels
American novels adapted into films
Novels set in New York City
Greenwich Village
HarperCollins books
Several factors affect citizens' health in Toronto. Elements include local hospitals, air quality and smog alerts as well as vehicle emissions, healthy exercise and food options, and the level of crime. Each of these factors are described in greater detail below.
Description
The city is part of the Toronto Public Health Division, and is home to many hospitals.
Other factors affecting health in the city include air quality in regard to smog. Smog alerts are issued by Toronto Public Health when the air quality is poor enough to warrant informing some segments of the public to limit their exposure to the smog, such as children, the elderly, and people with lung diseases or heart conditions. The best and worst years for smog in the city within the last five years were respectively 2006 with 11 smog alerts, and 2005 with 48 smog alerts.
A vehicle emissions testing program known as Ontario's Drive Clean began in 1999, and has had a minimal impact on smog in Toronto. 2005 was Toronto's worst year on record for smog with a total of 48 smog alert days. The Ontario Medical Association estimated in 2005 that total air pollution (from all sources) would cause some 5,800 deaths and 17,000 hospital admissions that year.
The city has many opportunities for citizens to be physically active, including bike lanes, walkways, and parks throughout the city. Given the cultural diversity of the city, there is also great diversity in the foods that citizens can consume, which determines their personal nutrition. Many foods for example enter the city through the Ontario Food Terminal, located on the west side.
Another risk to health for citizens is exposure to crime in the city. Toronto has a rate of violent crime of 738 incidents per 100,000 people, though this is still lower than the national average of 951, according to 2006 Statistics Canada data, and far lower than other cities of comparable size (particularly those in the United States).
Governance
Several municipally funded programs affect health in the city. They are listed below, and where possible their annual budgets are provided. Provincial and federal programs also affect health in Toronto, such as the provincial Smoke-Free Ontario Act which bans cigarette smoking in enclosed spaces in the province.
Toronto Parks, Forestry and Recreation Division ($239,953,000, 2004)
Toronto Police Services ($707,573,000, 2004)
Toronto Public Health ($182,672,000, 2004)
Toronto Water Division
History of public administration
All municipalities had their own public health programs, meaning a patchwork of systems throughout Ontario, including within the modern borders of Toronto. For example, the Town of Mimico, Town of New Toronto, and Village of Long Branch each had their own program, despite the communities bordering each other within a few kilometre stretches of Lakeshore Road. In 1956, the Lakeshore Board of Education in 1956 asking the councils of to consider forming one central service.
Metropolitan Toronto was created in 1954 as a measure to encourage collaboration between the urban municipalities in southern York County. In 1960, the Toronto Board of Health chair called for a Metro-wide board, stating "epidemics don't recognize municipal boundaries. The present chaotic division of health responsibilities in ridiculous."
Premier John Robarts' government looked to find efficiencies in local governance. That included Health Minister Dr. Matthew Dymond proposing a joint board of health for Metro's six municipalities. Local Medical Officers of Health and board chairs largely balked at the idea, announced in 1967, even though the province offered to pay 75% of costs, instead of the previous 25%. It was thought that a merger would raise costs, that one body couldn't serve 2 million residents, and that a merger might lead to a "lowest common denominator" approach. Dymond remained firm, noting that other large municipalities had been successful in such transitions.
Organizations
The city is home to many health organizations, including:
List of hospitals in Toronto
Canadian Association of Food Banks
Centre for Addiction and Mental Health
The Crohn's and Colitis Foundation of Canada
Heart and Stroke Foundation
Canadian Cancer Society
Alzheimer Society of Canada
Alzheimer Society of Ontario
Alzheimer Society of Toronto
Leukemia & Lymphoma Society of Canada
Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation
Canadian Foundation for AIDS Research
Cystic Fibrosis Canada
Canadian Mental Health Association
ALS Society of Canada
Canadian Organization for Rare Disorders
The Canadian Hearing Society
JDRF
Kidney Foundation of Canada
Multiple Sclerosis Society of Canada
Muscular Dystrophy Canada
The city was also the host of the 2006 XVI International AIDS Conference.
See also
Determinants of health
References
Julie A. Morrison (born September 20, 1956) is a member of the Illinois Senate from the 29th district. The 29th district includes all or parts of Arlington Heights, Buffalo Grove, Bannockburn, Deerfield, Glencoe, Glenview, Highland Park, Lake Bluff, Lake Forest, Lincolnshire, Northbrook and North Chicago. Prior to her service in the Illinois Senate, she was the West Deerfield Township Supervisor.
Early life, education, and career
Morrison was born and grew up in Beardstown, Illinois. She attended Knox College and graduated with a bachelor's in political science. She took a job with the Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America before being appointed to the Advisory Council for the Department of Children and Family Services where she served until 1996. During her final two years she served as chair of the commission. In 1997 she was elected West Deerfield Township Supervisor. As Supervisor she was the chief executive officer, chairman of the board of trustees and treasurer of all funds. She handled the daily operations of the administration building.
Illinois Senate
In 2011, Morrison announced her intention to run for state senate to replace the retiring Susan Garrett. She easily defeated Milton Sumpton in the primary and went on to face Arie Friedman in the general election.
In the general election, Morrison was endorsed by State Representative Karen May, State Representative Elaine Nekritz, Senator Susan Garrett, Assistant Senate Majority Leader Jeffrey Schoenberg, Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky and former Congressman John Porter.
Morrison won the election to become the next state senator from the 29th district.
As of July 2022, Senator Morrison is a member of the following Illinois Senate committees:
Appropriations - State Law Enforcement Committee (SAPP-SASL)
(Chairwoman of) Appropriations - Health Committee (SAPP-SAHA)
Appropriations Committee (SAPP)
Environment and Conservation Committee (SNVR)
Ethics Committee (SETH)
Financial Institutions Committee (SFIC)
(Chairwoman of) Health Committee (SHEA)
(Chairwoman of) Redistricting - Lake & McHenry Counties (SRED-SRLM)
(Chairwoman of) Subcommittee on Special Issues (H) (SHEA-SHSI)
Personal life
Morrison witnessed the Highland Park parade shooting. She was at the parade with her family at the time; all of them survived uninjured.
References
External links
Biography, bills and committees at the 98th Illinois General Assembly
By session: 98th
Illinois State Senator Julie Morrison constituency site
Julie Morrison at Illinois Senate Democrats
2012 Editorial Board Questionnaire at the Chicago Tribune
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
1956 births
Living people
Illinois Democrats
Illinois state senators
Knox College (Illinois) alumni
People from Beardstown, Illinois
People from Deerfield, Illinois
Women state legislators in Illinois
The election for mayor of Hampton, Virginia was held on May 3, 2016. Donnie Tuck was elected as mayor, unseating incumbent mayor George E. Wallace.
Results
References
2016
2016 United States mayoral elections
2016 Virginia elections
Roberto Formigoni (born 30 March 1947) is a former Italian politician born in Lecco, Italy. He was the President of Lombardy from 1995 to 2013. He is the former unofficial political spokesperson of the Communion and Liberation movement.
On 21 February 2019 the Supreme Court of Cassation, the highest court in Italy, found him guilty of corruption and sentenced him to a definitive jail term of 5 years and 10 months. As a result, he has been detained in the prison of Bollate, near Milan, Italy, since February 2019.
Career
Roberto Formigoni began his political career early in Christian Democracy, through youth movements such as Gioventù Studentesca and Communion and Liberation (of which he became the unofficial political spokesman). In 1976, he founded the Popular Movement and was elected a deputy in both the European Parliament (with over 450,000 votes) and Parliament of Italy. He was also the vice-president of the European Parliament for five years and served as under-secretary for the Environment in the Italian government.
In 1990, he garnered attention when he was involved in a mission to Iraq which successfully concluded with the freeing of some Italian technicians who were hostages of the local government. He later took part in the Oil-for-food programme for Iraq, buying 1,000,000 oil barrels (160,000 cubic metres). The move sparked controversy and linked him to alleged bribe scandals. In 1995, he and Rocco Buttiglione founded the United Christian Democrats party. In 1998, he moved to Forza Italia, when Buttiglione briefly decided to support the government of Massimo D'Alema.
He was elected President of Lombardy in 1995. Leftist groups opposed his center-right platform. President Formigoni was re-elected in 2000 carrying over 62% of the approximately 3.5 million votes, and in 2005.
He was elected to a fourth term in March 2010. His candidature had been contested by academics and left-wing politicians, as in disregard of Law n. 165/2004, that put a limit of two consecutive mandates to directly elected Regional presidents. Formigoni was indirectly elected in 1995, but then directly elected in 2000 and 2005. He defended himself, stating that the law was not in vigour when he was first directly elected in 2000, so he should be allowed a 4th mandate. According to some scholars, his mandate may be overturned by judges later on.
Controversies
Roberto Formigoni candidated the Italian showgirl Nicole Minetti and dental hygienist of the former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who asked for a political seat for her and this was contested by Italian newspapers.
On 16 October 2012, Formigoni announced the dissolution of the regional legislature after one of his commissioners, Domenico Zambetti of the People of Freedom was arrested on accusations he bought votes from the 'Ndrangheta in 2010 and extorted favours and public building contracts, including construction tenders for the World Expo 2015 in Milan.
Italian Courts Trials Sentences against Roberto Formigoni
2000s Bribery and environmental pollution
Roberto Formigoni has been judged on 2002 due bribery due the landfill in Cerro Maggiore, Italy.
Roberto Formigoni has been processed through the Italian Courts due illegal environmental pollution in December 2009.
2010s: Freemasonry and defamatory behavior against Italian judges
Roberto Formigoni was interrogated by Italian Court in Rome due the Propaganda 2 freemasonry group.
Roberto Formigoni has been condemned for 1 year of imprisonment due defamation issues on 12 July 2012.
Roberto Formigoni has been condemned due bribery on 25 July 2012 by Italian courts.
On 12 February 2013 he has been investigated due criminal group activities. On 3 March 2014 Roberto Formigoni has been condemned for criminal association activities and bribery.
On 15 April 2016 Roberto Formigoni has been condemned for 9 years and he has been considered by the Italian Courts "Boss of criminal group" due his tactical bribery attitudes that lasted more than 10 years while he managed more than 70 million euro public money.
Roberto Formigoni has been condemned due defamation of the Italian judge Alfredo Robledo.
See also
1995 Lombard regional election
2000 Lombard regional election
2005 Lombard regional election
2010 Lombard regional election
Communion and Liberation
Advocacy group
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
People from Lecco
Italian Roman Catholics
Christian Democracy (Italy) politicians
Italian People's Party (1994) politicians
United Christian Democrats politicians
Forza Italia politicians
The People of Freedom politicians
New Centre-Right politicians
Popular Alternative politicians
Deputies of Legislature X of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XI of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XII of Italy
Senators of Legislature XV of Italy
Senators of Legislature XVI of Italy
Senators of Legislature XVII of Italy
Presidents of Lombardy
Members of the Italian Senate from Lombardy
MEPs for Italy 1984–1989
MEPs for Italy 1989–1994
Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore alumni
Communion and Liberation
Heads of government who were later imprisoned
Italian politicians convicted of crimes
The effects of Hurricane Floyd in New York included two deaths and millions of dollars in damage. Hurricane Floyd, once a large and powerful Category 4 hurricane, made landfall in North Carolina and moved northward along the East Coast, making landfall on Long Island as a tropical storm. The threat of the hurricane prompted schools in New York City to close for the first time since 1996, and 20 shelters were opened. Floyd produced flooding rainfall and gusty winds throughout the state, from the southern Hudson Valley to the Lake Champlain area. The flood waters damaged multiple roads and forced residents to evacuate from certain locations. Strong winds left as many as 100,000 people without power and brought down a high number of trees due to the saturated ground. In the aftermath of the storm, 15 counties in eastern New York were declared eligible for state or federal assistance.
Background and preparations
Floyd's origins are traced back to a westward-moving tropical wave that developed into a tropical depression on September 7, 1999, while centered east of the Lesser Antilles. The system moved west-northwestward, and intensified into a tropical storm on September 8. Continuing to intensify, Floyd attained hurricane strength on September 10. The hurricane ultimately peaked as a Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson Hurricane Scale as it struck the Bahamas. The storm turned northwestward and soon northward, brushing the coast of Florida and the southeast United States. On September 16, Floyd made landfall as a Category 2 hurricane in North Carolina, and moved northeastward along the Eastern Seaboard. It passed through the Mid-Atlantic States as it deteriorated into a tropical storm, and lost its tropical identity over southern Maine.
In advance of the storm, starting on September 15, tropical cyclone watches and warnings were issued for much of the Eastern Seaboard, including portions of New York. These warnings were discontinued by September 19. New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani urged private businesses to close early and ordered non-emergency city workers to return home between 12 pm and 3 pm on September 17. For the first time since 1996, in an "almost unprecedented" decision, schools in the city were closed due to the hurricane's threat. On September 16, 20 shelters were opened, able to accommodate as many as 70,000 people. Lawrence Reuter, president of New York City Transit, reported that in an effort to prevent flooding, storm drains were cleared and other precautions were taken. People were urged to remove loose objects that could be blown around by high winds. By September 16, city officials had distributed 50,000 brochures on preparing for the storm. Suffolk County Executive Robert J. Gaffney advised residents of Fire Island to evacuate before the storm made leaving by ferry impossible, and in Long Beach, officials readied emergency vehicles. Also, 4,000 sandbags were given out there in anticipation of high storm tides.
Impact
Tropical Storm Floyd made landfall on western Long Island as it moved northward. The heaviest rainfall associated with the storm was concentrated in the southeastern section of the state. Several meteorological elements worked to enhance the moisture from the cyclone. Rainfall totals exceeding were common, with as much as reported locally in the Catskills. At Cairo, of rain fell. The precipitation, combined with that of Hurricane Dennis earlier in the month, helped to alleviate persistent drought conditions. Floyd also produced gusty winds, reaching at Stewart International Airport, worsened by a pressure gradient between the storm and an area of high pressure over the Ohio Valley.
Floyd's rainfall resulted in deadly and extensive flooding that killed two people in New York. Heavy flooding was reported along numerous creeks, including the Esopus, Catskill, and Schoharie. In the Albany area, the Normanskill rose to extremely high levels, and the resultant flood waters damaged nearby buildings. The Coeymans Creek in Selkirk overflowed and forced 20 families to leave their homes. The main rivers typically remained within their banks. Many roads, including U.S. Route 20 in Guilderland, were flooded or washed out, and seven families had to be evacuated along NY 32 in Menands. Further south, the Saw Mill and Bronx rivers both overflowed, and caused urban flooding. A dam on a mill pond broke near Lake Placid, leading to flooding along the Chubb River.
The strong winds, combined with saturated ground from the rainfall, brought down trees in widespread areas of the Hudson Valley and Capital District. Many of the trees would not have otherwise fallen in drier conditions. Some of the downed trees fell on structures. In a narrow swath in the Wolf Pond Valley of Warren County, where wind gusts are estimated to have reached , hundreds of trees were blown down. At the storm's worst, power outages affected over 100,000 people region-wide, and some individuals remained without power for a week. At the Albany International Airport, the storm forced the cancellation of flights, and throughout the region schools were closed. Several boats sustained damage along the shore of Lake Champlain. Throughout Orange, Putnam, Rockland, and Westchester counties, initial cost estimates were $14.6 million, although that figure represents only a portion of the actual monetary damage. The storm also caused about $2 million in property damage in Essex County.
Aftermath
Following the storm, three New York counties were declared eligible for individual assistance, eight for individual and public assistance, and four for public assistance. The initial deadline to apply for state or federal assistance was set for November 17, although it was extended a month due to a steady flow of applications. Three disaster recovery centers were opened to provide information to residents affected by the storm. The three centers, located in Rockland, Putnam, and Westchester counties, closed in late October.
See also
List of New York hurricanes
Effects of Hurricane Floyd in Pennsylvania
Effects of Hurricane Floyd in New England
References
External links
Floyd Tropical Cyclone Report
New York
Floyd
1999 in New York (state)
Floyd
In Silence is the debut studio album by Norwegian band Fra Lippo Lippi. It was released in 1981 through record label Uniton. The album's gothic post-punk sound was heavily influenced by bands such as Joy Division and The Cure.
Track listing
Critical reception
In their retrospective review, AllMusic panned the album, calling it "arguably the only unlistenable LP in Fra Lippo Lippi's career. [...] Fra Lippo Lippi were still trying to find themselves on In Silence; the band sounds lost, unable to find a hook that wasn't borrowed from The Cure or Joy Division." In their review of The Early Years, a compilation album comprising In Silence and the group's second album, Small Mercies, Tiny Mix Tapes called In Silence "the more interesting of the two" and the album "so strangely similar [to Joy Division] [it's] almost like having a new Joy Division/New Order album."
Re-issue
In Silence, along with Small Mercies, was re-issued by Rune Arkiv in 2003 as the compilation album The Early Years.
Personnel
Fra Lippo Lippi
Rune Kristoffersen
Morten Sjøberg
Technical
Jesse A. Fernandez – sleeve photography
References
External links
Fra Lippo Lippi (band) albums
1981 debut albums
Post-punk albums by Norwegian artists
Gothic rock albums by Norwegian artists
Yoshikazu (written: , , , , , , , , , , , , , , or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese shōgun
, Japanese cyclist
, Japanese rugby union player
, Japanese conductor
, Japanese footballer and manager
, Japanese warrior
, Japanese footballer
Yoshikazu Iwamoto (born 1945), Japanese musician
, Japanese film director and screenwriter
, Japanese farmer, writer and educator
, Japanese actor and singer
, Japanese singer
, Japanese photographer
, Japanese shogi player
, Japanese footballer and manager
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese religious leader
Yoshikazu Sakai, Japanese Paralympic swimmer
, Japanese photographer
, Japanese musician
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese writer
, Japanese businessman
, Japanese professional wrestler
, Japanese architect and structural engineer
, Japanese sumo wrestler
, Japanese guitarist
Yoshikazu Yokoshima (born 1952), Japanese golfer
, Japanese animator and manga artist
See also
8102 Yoshikazu, a main-belt asteroid
Japanese masculine given names
Tonye is a given name and a surname. It is a feminine given name variant of the French and Latin Antoinette. As a surname, it is most prevalent in Camaroon. Tamunotonye and its shortened version Tonye are Ijaw unisex given names that are prominent in Nigeria where it is most commonly used among the Kalabari, Okrika, and Nembe people of Rivers State, Bayelsa State, and Delta State. The name translates to English as "God's will", "God's desire", "favor from God", or "God's plan".
Given name
Tonye Briggs-Oniyide, Nigerian businessperson and politician
Tonye Cole (born 1967), Nigerian businessman
Tonye Garrick (born 1983), British-born Nigerian singer
Tonye Ibiama (born 1974), Nigerian businessman
Tonye Jekiri (born 1994), Nigerian basketball player
Tonye Patano (born 1961), American actress
Tonye Princewill (born 1969), British-born Nigerian politician
Middle name
Alabo Tonye Graham-Douglas, known as Alabo Graham-Douglas (born 1939), Nigerian politician
Dale Antou Tonye Ian Virgo, known as Dale Dizzle Virgo or simply Dizzle (born 1985), Jamaican record producer, musician, engineer and an entrepreneur
Surname
Isaie Tonye (born 1951), Cameroonian wrestler
Herve Tonye-Tonye (born 1988), Canadian gridiron football player
See also
Tone (name)
Toney (name)
Tonge (surname)
Tonie
Tonje
Tonne (name)
Tony (given name)
Tonya (given name)
Tonyee Chow
Notes
French feminine given names
Fatima Talib (, born 1 January 1928) is a Sudanese educator and women's rights activist who convened the first women-only organisation in Sudan.
Activism
In 1946, with her friends and colleagues at Gordon Memorial College, Mahasin Abed Alaal and Khalda Zahir, Talib founded the Women's Cultural Society (Jam'ee'yat alfata'yat althaqa'fia) in Omdurman. The society was designed to educate and empower women and provide social support for them. In order to function, the society needed the support of the British authorities, so was advertised solely as a social concern, however it had political undertones. Nine women joined immediately, but the society only lasted for two years. Despite its short life, it is important as it was the first women-only organisation to be established in Sudan.
In 1949, Talib became the first female member of the Muslim Brotherhood. She was joined by sisters from the Al-Mahdi family and together they founded the Women's Development Society.
In 1952, with Khalda Zahir, Hajja Kashif Badri, and others, Talib founded the Sudanese Women's Union (الاتحاد النسائي السوداني al Etihaad al Nisaa'i alSudani). This organisation was designed to unite and promote women's issues. The first executive committee was made up of Fatima Talib Isma'il, Khalida Zahir and Fatima Ahmed Ibrahim. Talib was President of the Union from 1952-6. The establishment of the Union was one of the most important events in the struggle against colonialism in Sudan. It enabled women to mobilise to understand and protect their social, economic and civil rights. It was set up under pan-Africanist and socialist ideologies.
Early life
Talib was born on 1 January 1928 in Al-Rank, in southern Sudan. Her father was an army officer who was one of the leaders in the 1924 revolution. She was educated at Unity High School in Khartoum and from there was the first woman from Sudan to obtain a degree London University.
Career
Talib was the first woman in Sudan to become the headmistress of a secondary school. During her career she worked in Yemen, delivering plans for women's education. In 2004, Talib was interviewed about her role in Sudanese feminism.
References
20th-century Sudanese women politicians
20th-century Sudanese politicians
Sudanese women's rights activists
Sudanese feminists
Living people
1928 births
Sudanese expatriates in Yemen
Warwick is an unincorporated community in northwestern Chester County, Pennsylvania. It is located in Warwick Township just west of its municipal building. Routes 23 and 345 meet in the village, which serves as a gateway to French Creek State Park. Warwick is drained by the French Creek eastward into the Schuylkill River. It is served by the Elverson post office, which uses the zip code of 19520.
The community was named after Warwick, England, the ancestral home of an early settler.
References
Unincorporated communities in Chester County, Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
The Liberation Army of Dagestan (also known as the Dagestan Liberation Army or the Army of the Liberation of Dagestan) was a nonexistent militant organization supposedly based in Dagestan, claimed by anonymous callers to be responsible for the 1999 Russian apartment bombings.
First mentions
First phone call
On September 2, 1999 a journalist working for the Agence France-Presse news agency in Grozny received a phone call from someone known only as Khasbulat. The caller identified himself as a member of the Army of the Liberation of Dagestan and claimed that it was responsible for the explosion at Manezhnaya Square in Moscow on 31 August 1999. He added that similar acts would occur throughout the Russian Federation until Russian soldiers left Dagestan. According to Khasbulat, the Army of the Liberation of Dagestan was a subdivision of the Islamic Army of the Caucasus led by Sheikh Muhammed Baggaudin. The leader of the Wahhabi community, Sheikh Baggaudin, a native in the village of Karamakhi, had created this army in response to the assault of the federal troops on his birthplace.
Second phone call
On September 9, 1999, an anonymous person speaking with a Caucasian accent called the Interfax news agency, saying that the blasts in Buynaksk and Moscow were "our response to the bombings of civilians in the villages in Chechnya and Dagestan."
Third phone call
On September 15, 1999, an unidentified man, again speaking with a Caucasian accent, called the ITAR-TASS news agency, claiming to represent the Liberation Army of Dagestan. He said that the explosions in Buynaksk and Moscow were carried out by his organization. According to him the attacks were in retaliation for the deaths of Muslim women and children during Russian air raids in Dagestan. "We will answer death with death," the caller said.
Reception
Officials
Russian officials from both the Interior Ministry and FSB at the time expressed skepticism over the claims. Sergei Bogdanov of the FSB press service in Moscow said that the words of a previously unknown individual representing a semimythical organization should not be considered as reliable. Bogdanov insisted that the organization had nothing to do with the bombings. On September 15, 1999 a Dagestani official also denied the existence of a "Dagestan Liberation Army".
Reddaway and Glinski
According to professor Peter Reddaway and researcher Dmitri Glinski, the involvement of the Liberation Army of Dagestan is a more plausible theory than others and they may indeed have perpetrated the bombings, with or without Russian government assistance. They wrote that if this was the case the group would likely originate from the religious conservative villages Karamakhi, Chabanmakhi and a few other neighbouring villages in central Dagestan. They also wrote that if so, they believe "it is impossible that the Moscow authorities did not know of the plans, at least in general terms", noting that "even before Stepashin visited the district a year earlier, they must have been receiving numerous reports from, in particular, the FSB, the Interior Ministry and probably eavesdropping agency FAPSI." A journalist who in mid-August 1999 traveled to Karamakhi and interviewed some villagers and their military commander General Dzherollak, wrote: "The Wahhabis' trucks go all over Russia. Even one wrong move in Moscow or Makhachkala, they warn, will lead to bombs and bloodshed everywhere." According to the journalist the Wahhabis had told him, "if they start bombing us, we know where our bombs will explode." In the last days of August, Russian military launched an aerial bombing of the villages.
Murphy
According to former US counter-terrorism official Paul J. Murphy, Russia's official investigation of the bombings proved that the Liberation Army of Dagestan is the same as the Islamic Army of Dagestan, which launched the invasion of the region from Chechnya in August 1999.
References
Russian apartment bombings
Islamic terrorism in Russia
1999 in Russia
Shervone Neckles (born 1979) is an interdisciplinary artist, educator, and community worker. Her work draws inspiration from the duality and transitional nature of her Afro-Grenadian-American identity. Neckles' practice combines mixed media techniques of printmaking, textiles, book arts, sculpture, installation, and social investigations to further explore concepts of past and present-day colonialism, notions of provenance as it relates to origin, authorship and ownership.
Life and education
Neckles was born in 1979 in Huntington, New York to parents of Grenadian descent and raised in East Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York. She has earned an MA from Teacher's College, Columbia University, MFA from Queens College and BFA from The College of New Rochelle.
Work
Neckles' practice takes an interdisciplinary approach. Grenadian folklore, Afro-Caribbean diasporic storytelling, to West African philosophy inform the ways in which ideas on womanhood, matriarchy, spirituality, astrophysics, memory, to home, fuse in her work. By using mixed media techniques of printmaking, assemblage, collage, textiles and embroidery that are rooted in her Afro-Caribbean practices and traditions, she forms a connection, continues a tradition, preserves memories, and inserts herself and her ancestors into history.
In 2004, she developed the Red Rag Rosie character, a young black girl rendered in silhouette from whose perspective the viewer follows from childhood to motherhood. She created this character to fill a void—frustrated by the lack of positive representations of herself in children's literature. Neckles' inspiration for Red Rag Rosie was inspired by the Grenadian masquerade tradition known as Jab Jab—where masqueraders cover themselves in molasses, burnt cane, or black grease, as a display of racial pride, and march through the streets during Jouvet morning Carnival festivities with chains, ropes, and serpents. A folkloric tradition that references historic acts of resistance demonstrated by the enslaved, indentured workers and others oppressed in the Caribbean. Her solo exhibition Gives and Take, exhibited at Space Gallery (Portland) in 2016, featured Red Rag Rosie and investigated the social meaning of beauty, identity, and cultural authenticity within black womanhood. In 2017, Neckles' work was presented as part of the group exhibition Race and Revolution: Still Separate - Still Unequal at Smack Mellon (New York). Her work Primary I (2004) is described by writer Seph Rodney as a small black puppet, a combination of a jigaboo figure and a faceless S&M character, with a horn extending out from the back of its head—a caricature of how some see black children through racist and fetishistic lenses.
For her solo exhibition Provenance at Five Myles Gallery in 2019, Neckles exhibited print series featuring a liminal figure maneuvering through space with a house structure worn as a mask / headdress. The house structure was a replication of the artist's maternal family home in Grenada, West Indies. Using mixed media techniques of collage and embroidery, the artist explored concepts of past and present-day colonialism, and notions of provenance as it relates to origin, authorship, and ownership. The writer Seph Rodney noted in his review for Hyperallergic that: “These representations of the bodies of Black women attest to their audiences that this body is fey, incalculable, and thus must be seen and can only be intimately understood through the language of myth and poetry.”
These figures were also the protagonists of Neckles' presentation at the 58th Venice Biennial's Grenada Pavilion. This presentation featured her memories about the immigration of her family from Grenada to Brooklyn, New York in the 1960s and 70s. Many of the materials of the installation spoke to impermanence—as the art itself over time degraded and disappeared.
In her earlier work, Neckles produced artist books on political themes such as the 1983 American invasion of Grenada (Operation Urgent Fury); the threatening sensation of a computer cursor placed over the image of a soldier (A Soldier's Story); and Thread-n-tru; among others. In the 6@30 exhibition catalog, published by Flushing Town Hall, the writer E.A.Durden noted: “Neckles reminds us that the events we allow to happen and the stories we choose to tell, versus those we choose to deny create layers of our present moment and our future as well.”
Collaborative projects
Creative Wellness Gathering Station is an interactive art piece where Neckles occasionally sets up her cart in areas like her neighborhood in Jamaica, Queens and invites the public to create their own loose herbal tea blends for free. The cart is filled with jars of loose herbs, including: nettle root, hibiscus flower, and dried carrot, reminiscent of healing remedies from her childhood in a Caribbean household in Brooklyn.
Presented in partnership with Beam Center (New York City), BEACON (2020) is a temporary public installation inspired by American inventor Lewis H. Latimer, his 1881 patent for the electric lamp, and 1882 patent for processing carbon filament in the incandescent light bulb. The landmark status of Lewis H. Latimer House and Museum also served as an inspiration for the artist's Beacon Shade Sail Installation (2019). This installation affirms the Museum's sense of place and belonging within the Flushing and greater Queens community and honors the lifework of humanitarian Lewis H. Latimer.
Neckles' practice also includes curatorial projects, including Amplify Action: Sustainability through the Arts at Pratt Center for Community Development and Bedford-Stuyvesant Restoration Corporation (New York) and From Taboo to Icon: Africanist Turnabout at Ice Box Galley (Philadelphia).
Awards, fellowships, and residencies
Previous awards include grants from Pollock-Krasner Foundation, The Queens Council on the Arts, Foundation of Contemporary Art, Puffin Foundation, Joan Mitchell Foundation, and fellowships from Robert Blackburn Printmaking Workshop and Manhattan
Graphic Center. She has participated in residencies as diverse as the Youlou Arts Foundation in St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Wisconsin; Robert Rauschenberg Foundation, Florida; The Elizabeth Foundation's SHIFT Program, New York; Wave Hill, New York; The Center for Book Arts, New York; The Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture, Maine among many other residency programs.
Selected exhibitions
Neckles had solo exhibitions at Five Myles Gallery (Brooklyn, New York); Space Gallery (Portland, Maine); Pratt Institute (Brooklyn, New York); and participated in group exhibitions at the National Pavilion of Grenada at the 58th Venice Biennale (Venice, Italy), Edward Hopper Museum (Nyack, NY); The Colored Girls Museum (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania); Redland Museum (Cleveland Queensland, Australia); Museum of Printing History (Houston, Texas); The Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum (Ridgefield, Connecticut); ; among others. Her public art commissions were presented at Beam Center (Brooklyn, New York) and The Lewis H. Latimer House Museum (Flushing, New York).
Collections
Neckles' work is held in many private and public collections, including The Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, New York Public Library.
Critical reception
In his review for Hyperallergic, the writer Seph Rodney describes Neckles' work: “All the work in this show is beautiful. I can see why Neckles was chosen (along with four other artists) to represent Grenada at the Venice Biennale. It is enough to know that like Neckles's figures I won't be able to divest myself of the house I grew up in. I will have to find ways to keep it balanced on my shoulders.”
In her catalog essay E.A. Durden notes: “When Shervone Neckles picks through piles of cast-off upholstery, she sees not only what is, but also what could be. She makes a small doll, dark and featureless, like a silhouette, sitting at a miniature school desk fashioned out of scrap wood, reading Dick and Jane wondering where she fits in this whitewashed world.”
In Jamaica Flux, Bushra Rehman writes: ““Ever since Neckles and I began to speak about her Creative Wellness Gatherings, I have been thinking of illness as a consequence of the oppressions we face as people of color in this country, and at the same the very real restraints of physical pain, which keeps us trapped in our patterns of hurt. On this day, I witnessed Neckles short circuit this cycle.”
References
1979 births
African-American women artists
African-American contemporary artists
American contemporary artists
American women printmakers
Artists from New York City
Artists from Brooklyn
American people of Grenadian descent
Queens College, City University of New York alumni
Columbia University alumni
21st-century American women artists
Living people
African-American printmakers
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American artists
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Martin Høgsted (born in 1982, Dianalund) is a Danish stand-up comedian. He is known for UPS! Det er live, and as writer from Live fra Bremen. He debuted as comedian in 2006 on Comedy Zoo in Copenhagen and won DM i stand up (Best Danish stand-up comedian) in 2008.
Filmography
UPS! Det er live (Oh! It's live)
Live fra Bremen (Live from Bremen)
Stand-up.dk
Mørk & Jul (Moerk and Jul)
Danish Dynamite
External links
References
1982 births
Danish stand-up comedians
Living people
People from Sorø Municipality
Jack Senior (born 18 July 1988) is an English professional golfer who plays on the European Tour. He has won twice on the Challenge Tour.
Amateur career
Senior won the Egyptian Amateur in 2010 and the New South Wales Amateur and Lytham Trophy in 2011. He played on the winning Great Britain & Ireland team in the 2011 Walker Cup and turned professional shortly after.
Professional career
Senior has played on the Alps Tour and the PGA EuroPro Tour. He won twice on the Alps Tour in 2012 and twice on the PGA EuroPro Tour in 2014.
From 2012 to 2019 Senior played primarily on the Challenge Tour. He won his first Challenge Tour event in 2015 at the SSE Scottish Hydro Challenge. He beat Robert Coles and Prom Meesawat with a birdie at the fourth hole of a sudden-death playoff. He won for the second time on the tour at the 2019 ISPS Handa World Invitational beating Matthew Baldwin at the second hole of the playoff. He was also runner-up in the Lalla Aïcha Challenge Tour and finished the 2019 season 6th in the Challenge Tour Order of Merit to earn a place on the 2020 European Tour.
Amateur wins
2010 South of England Amateur, Egyptian Amateur Open
2011 New South Wales Amateur, Lytham Trophy, Hampshire Hog
Sources:
Professional wins (6)
Challenge Tour wins (2)
Challenge Tour playoff record (2–0)
PGA EuroPro Tour wins (2)
Alps Tour wins (2)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = Tied
NT = No tournament due to COVID-19 pandemic
Note: Senior only played in The Open Championship.
Team appearances
Amateur
Walker Cup (representing Great Britain & Ireland): 2011 (winners)
European Amateur Team Championship (representing England): 2011
See also
2019 Challenge Tour graduates
References
External links
English male golfers
European Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Morecambe
1988 births
Living people
Dipayal Silgadhi () is a municipality and the district headquarters of Doti District in Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal. Previously, it also served as the headquarters of the Far-Western Development Region. It lies in the Lesser Himalayas on the bank of Seti River. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 32,941 people living in 7,447 individual households.
Transportation
Seti Highway begins in Dipayal Silgadhi, linking it to Amargadhi, from where the Terai region of Nepal can be reached on Mahakali Highway.
Doti Airport is now functional operating twice a week lies in Dipayal Silgadhi.
Media
Radio Nepal has a regional station in Dipayal Silgadhi which transmits various programs of mass interest.
Silgadhi based Tribeni FM 94.4 MHz, Radio Shaileswori 105.9 MHz are the F.M. station here to serve people. Among them Tribeni FM and Radio Shaileswori are Community radio Station.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Tourism in Nepal
Municipalities in Doti District
Nepal municipalities established in 1982
Summer Schmit (born August 8, 2003) is an American Paralympic swimmer who represented the United States at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.
Career
Schmit made her international debut for the United States at the 2019 Parapan American Games, where she won a silver medal in the 200 metre individual medley and a bronze medal in the 100 metre breaststroke SB9 event.
Schmit represented the United States at the 2020 Summer Paralympics where she finished in fifth place in the 200 metre individual medley SM9, sixth place in the 100 metre butterfly S9 and seventh place in the 400 metre freestyle S9 events.
On April 14, 2022, Schmit was named to the roster to represent the United States at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships. On June 16, 2022, she won her first World Championships medal, a bronze medal in the 400 metre freestyle S9 event with a personal best time of 4:51.47.
Personal life
Schmit was born with a congenital disarticulation of the right wrist and has no right hand.
References
2003 births
Living people
American female swimmers
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Paralympic swimmers of the United States
Sportspeople from Saint Paul, Minnesota
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers from Minnesota
S9-classified Paralympic swimmers
List of El Salvador Football League Top Scorers
References
Salvadoran Primera División
El Salvador
The Harvard Negotiation Project is a project created at Harvard University which deals with issues of negotiations and conflict resolution.
The stated aims and goal of the project, according to the Harvard Law School site is as follows:
The director of the project as of 2008 is Professor James Sebenius.
The program was initiated in 1979, at the time of the commencement of activities the joint heads of the project were William Ury and Roger Fisher.
The project published a text titled Getting to Yes in 1981. Getting It DONE: How to Lead When You're Not in Charge was published in 1998, Difficult Conversations: How to Discuss What Matters Most in 1999, and Beyond Reason: Using Emotions as you Negotiate was published in 2006.
The project at some time identified four crucial factors for negotiation: people, interests, options and criteria (otherwise known as boundary conditions).
The activities of the project include: theory building, education and training, publications and a conflict clinic.
See also
Program on Negotiation
References
External links
Klaus Winkler - Negotiations with Asymmetrical Distribution of Power: Conclusions from Dispute Resolution in Network Industries published by Springer Science & Business Media, 12 Oct 2006
Legal organizations based in the United States
Lung Tseng Tau () is a village in Tung Chung on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
Administration
Lung Tseng Tau is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Wong Ka Wai and Lung Tseng Tau (Tung Chung) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tung Chung
Gosforth Central may refer to:
Gosforth Central Academy, a school; see Building Schools for the Future
Gosforth Central Park, a park near to Gosforth High Street in Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, England
Gargar River, () is a man-made canal which is a world heritage site and a part of Shushtar Historical Hydraulic System, located in the island city Shushtar, Khouzestan, Iran from the Sassanid era. Gargar River was registered on UNESCO's list of World Heritage Sites in 2009 and is Iran's 10th cultural heritage site to be registered on the United Nations' list together with the 12 other historical bridges, dams, canals, watermills and buildings as Shushtar Historical Hydraulic System.
References
World Heritage Sites in Iran
Protected areas of Iran
The rivière aux Plats (English: Flat River) is a tributary of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, flowing in the municipality of L'Île-d'Anticosti, in the Minganie Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of North Shore, in province of Quebec, in Canada.
This valley is served by a network of forest roads for forestry and recreational tourism activities.
Forestry is the main economic activity in this area; recreational tourism activities, second..
Geography
The Rivière aux Plats draws its source from a mountain stream (altitude: ), located in the center-south of the island, just south of the forest road (east–west direction). This source is located in a forest area at:
east of Lac Jolliet;
north of the south shore of Anticosti Island;
south of the north shore of Anticosti Island;
east of the town center of the village of Port-Menier.
From its source, the Rivière aux Plats descends between the Chicotte River (located on the west side) and the Pavillon River (east side). The Rivière aux Plats generally flows south-east, then south, over with a drop of , according to the following segments:
first to the southeast, then to the south, to a bend in the river corresponding to a stream (coming from the west);
first to the southeast, collecting two streams (coming from the north), until another stream (coming from the northeast);
first to the south, collecting a stream (coming from the west), until its mouth.
The Rivière aux Plats drains into a small bay on the south shore of Anticosti Island, in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, on the west side of Cap des Caps. This confluence is located west of the mouth of the Pavillon River, east of the mouth from the Chicotte River and at east of the center of the village of Port-Menier.
Toponymy
The toponym “rivière aux Plats” was made official on September 12, 1974.
See also
Honguedo Strait
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Côte-Nord
Anticosti Island
Minganie Regional County Municipality
Mark Christian Colón is an American attorney and housing official who is a former nominee to be an Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development.
Early life and education
Colón received his Bachelor of Arts from Hunter College and his Juris Doctor from Yale Law School, where he was managing editor of the Yale Law & Policy Review.
Career
Following law school, he was a law clerk for Judge Julio M. Fuentes of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. He later practiced law at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett and Dechert LLP.
Until 2020, he was the president of the Office of Housing Preservation at New York State Homes and Community Renewal (HCR). In this capacity, he oversaw one of the largest, most diverse affordable housing portfolios in the country, with more than 450,000 units in 3,200 developments across New York. Previously, Colón served as HCR's acting "Disaster Recovery" Counsel, helping to lead post-Hurricane Sandy housing recovery efforts.
Colón is the chairperson of El Puente de Williamsburg and a board member of the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis (IEEFA).
On April 27, 2021, President Joe Biden announced Colón to be the nominee to serve as assistant secretary for community planning and development. On April 28, 2021, his nomination was sent to the United States Senate. His tweets were a focus of his Senate confirmation hearing. On January 3, 2022, his nomination was returned to the president.
Personal life
He is a native New Yorker and lives in Brooklyn with his wife, Gina Kim, and their 14-year-old son.
References
Living people
21st-century American lawyers
Hunter College alumni
New York (state) lawyers
People from New York (state)
Yale Law School alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Formerly known as Concern Universal, United Purpose is an international development and emergency relief organization that works in a number of the poorest countries of the world to assist in finding local, sustainable solutions to poverty and inequality. Concern Universal was created by Father Raymond Kennedy and a group of volunteers who had been working in developing countries during the late 1960s and early 1970s. The organization was officially established in January 1976 and, as of 2018, has approximately 600 employees. Influences on the founding members included the first-hand experiences of the suffering they saw and social movements that encouraged engagement in the struggles of the poor. United Purpose aims to work in conjunction with struggling nations to challenge local poverty and inequality. Their vision is a world where "justice, dignity, and respect prevail for all." The organization aims to end poverty and inequality by "enabling people to improve their lives for the long term by providing them with access to resources they need". They also work to "challenge the dependency culture" and provide practical local application of Sustainable Development Goals. The organization headquarters are currently located in the United Kingdom.
History
According to the United Purpose website, after 40 years of establishment United Purpose has assisted with moving 35 million people out of poverty. They registered to work in Malawi in 1989. Since then, United Purpose has established offices in Malawi, Mozambique, Ghana, Guinea, Nigeria, Senegal, Gambia, Bangladesh, and Brazil. They also continually work on projects with local partners in Cameroon, Ethiopia, Kenya, Zambia, India and the Caribbean.
The work of United Purpose is not strictly based in one specific sector. In the years 1997-2000, while working under the name Concern Universal, the company participated in a study involving soil fertility in Central Malawi. In this study, Concern Universal provided legume seeds to participating farmers in Malawi. The organization also introduced the clay stove and created 65 stove manufacturing groups within Malawi to assist with district development.
In December 2014, United Purpose's National AIDS Coordinator, Mphatso Magwaya, was in Malawi with the goal of enhancing public awareness on the growing number of people being diagnosed with AIDS/HIV. Magwaya's spoke to a crowd at the Mvimbo Headquarters in Ntcheu about the need for testing and counseling for expecting women in the area.
United Purpose has worked with other charitable organizations to reach the maximum number of people possible. BeOnePercent.org has worked with United Purpose since 2015 and has conducted five separate campaigns to raise money for assistance for areas in need. Their most recent campaign, in July 2017, was their largest with 211 members donating £4795.90 (USD $6830.31).
Founder
Father Raymond Kennedy was born on January 22, 1926 in Palo Alto, California and died on November 3, 2004 at age 78. Kennedy was a humanitarian who worked tirelessly in the poorest countries of the world to help provide assistance in many ways he could. In 1970 after the war ended, he worked alongside his brother John and his wife Kay as a founder of the organization, Africa Concern. It eventually grew into a global concern organization where the three founders, as well as thousands of unpaid volunteers, provided assistance wherever they could.
In 1976, Kennedy developed Concern Universal in Britain and left the Africa Concern organization to his brother and wife. But, it wasn't until 1987 that he became an active member of Concern Universal because he was highly involved with his new membership of the Holy Ghost Fathers. Kennedy was ordained to the priesthood in Rome in 1951 and served for 36 years as a member of the Holy Ghost Fathers Congregation in Ireland, Nigeria, and Bangladesh.
Irrigation systems in Malawi
Malawi is predominantly an agricultural country, with farming production accounting for 90% of its foreign exchange. Irrigation farming needed to be renovated and new technologies needed to be implemented in order to keep up with need. By the early 1980s, nearly sixteen irrigation systems were constructed, two of which were in the Lake Chilwa basin at Likangala and Domasi.
Concern Universal was highly involved with the irrigation system installations in Domasi, Malawi. They provided water, sanitation, and other mechanical services to farmers in Malawi. Two different irrigation methods were implemented and farmers were able to select which they preferred to use permanently.
The Domasi Water User Association (DWUA) was also established during this time by a group of farmers who were to assume control of the water resource management structure after the construction was completed. After the creation of this group, Concern Universal trained farmers on the operational factors having to do with management and the physical rehabilitation of canals, bridges and roads.
In January 2002, Concern Universal assisted farmers in creating a formal guide of operations for the DWUA. Unfortunately, the process continued slower than expected because farmers failed to attend the meetings organized by Concern Universal. Farmers found the timing of meetings inconvenient with the important farming and agricultural work that needed to be completed. While this frustrated farmers, members from Concern Universal also grew frustrated because of the ongoing traveling back and forth from Balaka in Southern Malawi where they were staying. Eventually, the guide was ratified in January 2003.
Maize productivity in Malawi
Farmers in Chisepo and Bembeke, Malawi were given legume seed of their choice provided by Concern Universal. The farmers were then able to plant the seeds as sole crops, intercrops or in rotation with maize in farmer-led trials.
Concern Universal and World Vision International, another NGO, participated in the conducting on the trials. Sets of experiments were conducted by farming communities with the goal of evaluating released and pre-released seeds under farmer-managed conditions. The trials were maintained in a Mother-Baby scenario. For each Mother trial, there were as many as 6-12 corresponding Baby trials within walking distance. All Baby trials contain portions of the seeds from the Mother. Often Baby trials consisted of beans and soyabean seed that Concern Universal distributed through the community seedback initiative. The Mother trials were designed by researchers within the study groups to evaluate a proper area for optimal growth conditions. Ultimately, a local individual will manage the Mother trials.
Through these research trials conducted in Malawi, farmers were able to educate themselves on a variety of seeds and the proper development and nurturing of them through the season. This also helped to eliminate the seeds that did not grow well so that farmers are aware of what will grow in the soil they already have neared them when they go to market. Through Concern Universal's assistance in providing these resources, Malawi seed companies were able to choose to multiply hybrid seed packs that would best benefit them.
Gambia is Good partnership
Gambia is Good was established by Haygrove, a UK-based horticultural company, and Concern Universal, a non-governmental organization, in 2003 to develop sustainable lives among those living in The Gambia who have experienced poor quality of crop growth and seasonal flooding. The partnership's efforts addressed need specific demands for enhancing the tourist industry within the area in regard to hotels, restaurants, and supermarkets. In 2007, Gambia is Good diverted £34,000 ($48,713.74 USD) of its sales from imports to local producers in the Gambia. Gambia is Good, began as a strategic collaboration but evolved to consider fundamental questions about the nature of business and development in regard to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR). Data was collected for this study through interviews held by Haygrove in conjunction with participant observation conducted by Concern Universal.
Haygrove and Concern Universal aimed to influence others by example through their partnership agreement. While Concern Universal, an NGO, seeks to drive social change, companies don't usually have the same mentality. This partnership challenged the traditional system of NGO vs CSR business models and defined the nature of sustainable development.
Concern Universal becomes United Purpose
In November 2016, representatives from Concern Universal met with members of International Inspiration, a sports development charity, to discuss a merger of the two organizations. During this meeting, Concern Universal representatives introduced a new organizational strategy for delivering assistance within the NGO sector. During this merge, Ben Jackson, chief executive of bond, was promoted to "global director of innovations and partnerships." During this time, portions of the Concern Universal staff will relocate from London, United Kingdom to Wales to have easier access to merge partners.
To celebrate their 40th anniversary, Concern Universal created a video commemorating the organization's forty years of accomplishments and to formally introduce their new brand to the world. The video utilizes archived footage and current footage to create a short film showing the growth of the organization through the past and into the future.
Concern Universal created a new brand identity changing the name to United Purpose on February 9, 2017 in Lilongwe, Malawi. They announced this change at an event held with representatives from Malawi government, including Water Development and Food Security Bob Chilemba, as well as United Purpose staff members. United Purpose has provided assistance to Malawi for several years in 17 of their districts. Their main source of aid has been the introduction of stove production groups to Malawi to assist in achieving the goal of 2 million cleaner cookstoves by 2020. Chilemba says Malawi plans to continue working alongside the organization throughout their brand change.
Along with a new organization name, a new motto was also announced at the event by Country Director, Heather Campbell. The new motto, “Up and out of poverty” summarizes the organization's focus on development, innovation, and independence.
Examples of work
Establishing safe water points in Malawi
Training village water user associations to maintain and manage these in Malawi, Kenya, Nigeria, and Bangladesh
Providing emergency humanitarian relief to victims of conflict and famine in Guinea and Malawi
Adult literacy and basic education training for children and adolescents in Colombia, Brazil, and Bangladesh
Supporting children at risk and promoting child rights in Brazil, Colombia, and Bangladesh
Developing water and sanitation improvement strategies in Kenya and Nigeria
Creating 65 cookstove manufacturing groups in Malawi
Participated in a soil fertility study in Central Malawi
Provided wood for Chikwati during a fuelwood shortage
References
Development charities based in the United Kingdom
International charities
Organizations established in 1976
Charities based in Wales
Scope Gem was a marketing series title that Warner Brothers used for documentary film shorts produced in Warnercolor and the wide-screen CinemaScope format. Most of these were travelogues.
Overview
Warner Brothers favored block-booking these one- and two-reel documentaries with their wide-screen features. The first official title of the series, Sportsman's Holiday was released with the CinemaScope feature Battle Cry.
Carl Dudley, who contributed to several of these, also independently produced some in Vistarama (which used 16mm instead of 35mm size, perfected by cameraman Edwin Olsen) for Warner distribution just prior to the official inauguration of the Scope Gem series in 1954–1955. Many of these were processed in Warnercolor.
Narration was handled by longtime veterans Art Gilmore and Marvin Miller, accompanied by the full orchestra scores of Howard Jackson and William Lava. Cedric Francis produced those not handled by Carl Dudley.
Although Universal Pictures, Columbia Pictures and especially 20th Century Fox also released many more shorts in CinemaScope between 1953 and 1964, the Warner product received some of the highest praise in the periodicals of the time. One title by André de la Varre, Time Stood Still, was nominated for an Academy Award. As BoxOffice magazine's reviewer stated on January 8, 1958, of Alpine Glory: “While the Austrian Alps have been filmed before, and well done too, this short subject in color is so beautiful and breathtaking that it can well be the best film ever to deal with the subject.” Although seldom shown on TV on account of their frame format and never released on video, they were nonetheless successfully re-released to theaters through 1967, prompting a young Leonard Maltin to write in similar vocabulary in his The Great Movie Shorts (1972) “These are among the most breathtaking travelogues of all time”.
Unfortunately Warner sharply curtailed feature films using wide-screen formats in 1957, using Technirama for only the most expensive productions. The studio's declining interest in CinemaScope, along with the shrinking market for short films, prompted an abrupt end to the series. During this same period, the concurrently released Joe McDoakes, Robert Youngson documentaries, Looney Tune and Merrie Melodie animated cartoons were released in the more standardized ratio but were equally successful at the box office.
The top cameraman of the series, André de la Varre, left Warner to rejoin the Burton Holmes company that same year, but did supply an occasional travelogue for the studio in the 1960s under its World Wide Adventures logo.
List of titles
See also
André de la Varre
Carl Dudley
List of short subjects by Hollywood studio#Warner Brothers
Travelogue (films)
References
Liebman, Roy Vitaphone Films – A Catalogue of the Features and Shorts 2003 McFarland & Company
Maltin, Leonard The Great Movie Shorts 1972 Bonanza Books
Motion Pictures 1950-1959 Catalog of Copyright Entries 1960 Library of Congress
BoxOffice back issue scans
External links
explains the Vistarama process
Notes
Documentary film series
Warner Bros. short films
Scars on Broadway is the debut studio album by Scars on Broadway, a band consisting of System of a Down members Daron Malakian and John Dolmayan. The album contains 15 tracks, all written by Malakian.
The album opened at No. 17 on the Billboard 200 with 24,000 copies. As of April 2010, the album has sold 83,000 copies in the US.
Background
Following System of a Down's hiatus in May 2006, guitarist Daron Malakian announced his new project — Scars on Broadway — a band which would include System of a Down drummer John Dolmayan and himself. Malakian and Dolmayan experimented with different musicians, for a period of nine months in 2007 the band took form and forged its sound in intense rehearsals and recording sessions under Malakian's direction, at his home studio and Sunset Sound; with musicians Danny Shamoun on keyboards, Dominic Cifarelli on bass, and Franky Perez on guitar and backing vocals. The band begin recording their debut album in September 2007.
On what direction his album will take, Daron Malakian states: "It will probably be something very heavy mixed in with traditional Armenian and thrash, death, doom, black and dark metal influences. When, or even if, the music comes out, it will still be structured, just like System of a Down's music is." Malakian stated the sound will be influenced by classic rock such as David Bowie, Brian Eno, Yes, Neil Young, and Roxy Music, shifting his songwriting away from System of a Down's "frazzled metal" to more "song-based" work. "I don't feel we're the mosh-pit band," said Malakian. "That's just where I'm comfortable as a writer right now."
On May 2, 2008, the album was announced. A week later, the band was signed to Interscope Records.
The band released "They Say" as their first airplay single on March 28. The music video for the track was released on June 27. A second single, "World Long Gone", was released on September 8, featured a music video directed by filmmaker Joel Schumacher.
Reception
Reviews for the album were generally positive, with the album holding a score of 73/100 on Metacritic. However, several reviewers were critical of the lyrics. The BBC's Al Fox gave the album a negative review, stating "It's tough to write a review so overwhelmingly negative in response to somebody's heartfelt outpourings but this kind of old-school rock is tired, worn out, and has as little relevance to today's world as a classical string quartet playing the millionth version of a 300-year-old concerto." Similarly, Consequence of Sound gave the album a "D" rating, stating "Scars On Broadway is most definitely worth hearing – if you're a die-hard fan of Malakian's vocals. It's sadly an overall novelty work, with lyrics that unfortunately toe the line of absolute absurdity in some cases".
Rolling Stone, in a 3.5 out of 5 review, stating "as Scars on Broadway, Malakian shaves System's punk-dervish and metallic-vengeance extremes into straight-on rock glazed with New Wave keyboards and impish-angel harmonies. It is a cleverly barbed normality." AllMusic, also giving the album 3.5 out of 5 stars, praised the album's instrumentals but criticized the lyrics. Billboard.com's Gary Graff stated of the album
Track listing
Personnel
Scars on Broadway
Daron Malakian – vocals, guitars, bass guitar, keyboards, organ, mellotron, production
John Dolmayan – drums
Franky Perez – guitars, backing vocals
Danny Shamoun – keyboards, piano, percussion
Production
Dave Schiffman – engineering
John Silas Cranfield – additional engineering, editing
Ryan Williams – mixing
Eddy Schreyer – mastering
Vartan Malakian – artwork
Sandra Cand – artwork
Brandy Flower – package design
Charts
References
2008 debut albums
Interscope Records albums
Daron Malakian and Scars on Broadway albums
Albums produced by Daron Malakian
Johnny C. Mathis (born July 14, 1943) is an American former basketball player. He played one season in the American Basketball Association (ABA).
Mathis played college basketball at Savannah State. Following the close of his college career, he played two seasons in Spain. He returned to the United States to play for the New Jersey Americans of the ABA for the 1967–68 season, averaging 3.4 points and 3.8 rebounds over 51 games. After finishing his career with the Allentown Jets of the Eastern League, he became a high school coach for John F. Kennedy High School in New York City, winning over 600 games in his career. He was inducted into the New York City Basketball Hall of Fame in 2015.
References
1943 births
Living people
Allentown Jets players
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Georgia (U.S. state)
Basketball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Hamden Bics players
High school basketball coaches in New York (state)
New Jersey Americans players
People from Eastman, Georgia
Power forwards (basketball)
Savannah State Tigers basketball players
Nodal marginal zone B cell lymphoma (NMZL) is an uncommon form of marginal-zone lymphoma that can produce colonization of the follicles in the lymph node. It is a form of low grade lymphoma with similar incidence in men and women and a mean age of 61 years (range 26–92 years). It is often associated with Sjogren syndrome. It shows interfollicular infiltrate of monocytoid, centrocyte-like B cells that are 2–3× larger than small lymphocytes with partial/total effacement of lymph node architecture.
References
External links
Lymphoma
Syed Zafarul Hasan (14 February 1885 – 19 June 1949) was a prominent twentieth-century Pakistani Muslim philosopher.
Biography
He was the eldest son of Khan Sahib Syed Diwan Mohammad.
Hasan was educated at Aligarh (M.A., LL. B.) and obtained doctorates from the universities of Erlangen and Heidelberg, Germany, and Oxford University. Dr Zafarul Hasan was the first Muslim Scholar of the Indian sub-continent to secure a PhD from Oxford in Philosophy. His doctoral thesis Realism is a classic on the subject. Prominent philosophers and educationists lauded his work, among them, his teacher Prof. John Alaxander Smith (1863–1930), and Allama Mohammad Iqbal.
He started teaching at the Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh, India in 1911. In 1913, he became professor of philosophy at Islamia College, Peshawar. From 1924 to 1945 he was professor of philosophy at the Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh - where he also served as Chairman of the Department of Philosophy and Dean of the Faculty of Arts. There, in 1939, he put forward the 'Aligarh Scheme' along with Dr Afzaal Hussain Qadri. They published a scheme ("The Problem of Indian Muslims") proposing three independent States.
From 1945 until the partition of the sub-continent, Dr Hasan was a Emeritus Professor at Aligarh. In August 1947, he migrated to Lahore, Pakistan. He started work on a book that he could not complete due to his death in 1949. Only one volume ("PHILOSOPHY - A Critique") was ready, which was published from Lahore by Institute of Islamic Culture in 1988.
He received honours and served on a number of bodies: Member of Court, Member of Executive Council, Finance Co., Com. of Advanced Studies, Aligarh Muslim Univ.; Dir., Jamiat-ut-Tamaddunil-Islami, Bombay; Member, International Academy of Philosophy, Erlangen. Pres., Islami Jamaat, Aligarh. Member: Education Committee, All-India Muslim League; Kant Gesellscaft (Germany); Mind Assn. (England); Philosophical Congress (India); Academic Council of Muslim Univ. at Aligarh.
Works
Realism - An Attempt To Trace Its Origin And Development In Its Chief Representatives (Cambridge University Press, London, 1928)
Realism (translated into Urdu), 1927
Monismus Spinozas, 1922
Descartes' Dualism, 1912
Philosophy and Education, 1927
Philosophy and Its Advantages, 1931
Realism is not Metaphysics, 1931
Islamics, 1936
The Problem, 1933
Revelation and Apostle, 1937
Message of Iqbal, 1938
Philosophy of Religion
Philosophy of Islam
Philosophy of Kant
PHILOSOPHY - A Critique (Institute of Islamic Culture, Lahore, 1988)
Sources
World Biography, Fourth Edition of the Biographical Encyclopedia of the World, Institute for Research in Biography, New York, page 2183.
Islamic philosophers
Pakistani philosophers
1885 births
1949 deaths
20th-century Pakistani writers
Aligarh Muslim University faculty
Islamia College University faculty
Metaphysicians
Philosophers of religion
Members of the Pakistan Philosophical Congress
20th-century Pakistani philosophers
Aligarh Muslim University alumni
In the City Without Limits () is a 2002 Spanish-Argentine thriller drama film directed by Antonio Hernández and starring Leonardo Sbaraglia, Fernando Fernán Gómez and Geraldine Chaplin.
The film was nominated for four Goya Awards in 2003, winning the award for Best Original Screenplay and Geraldine Chaplin winning the award for Best Supporting Actress. It premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival on 12 February 2002 and was released theatrically in Spain on 1 March that year.
Synopsis
A young man, Victor (Sbaraglia), arrives in Paris where his family have gathered around his seriously ill father Max (Fernán Gómez), a former mogul now deteriorating physically and mentally. Max begins to behave very strangely, as his memories and those of Spain's past begin to cloud his mind. He becomes terrified of the staff taking care of him and tries to escape from the clinic in order to find a man named Rancel. The rest of his family assume Max is mad and quickly begin to squabble of dividing up his inheritance, but Victor becomes convinced that his father is being troubled by real events, and is resolved to find out why.
Cast
Leonardo Sbaraglia ... Victor
Fernando Fernán Gómez ... Max
Geraldine Chaplin ... Marie
Ana Fernández ... Carmen
Adriana Ozores ... Pilar
Leticia Brédice ... Eileen
Alfredo Alcón ... Rancel
References
External links
2002 films
Spanish thriller films
Argentine thriller films
2000s Spanish-language films
Films featuring a Best Supporting Actress Goya Award-winning performance
2000s thriller films
Films distributed by Disney
2000s Argentine films
2000s Spanish films
Maranthirkku Pinbu Helan is a 2018 Tamil drama film starring Vijay Annis,Kamali, Nagina and Kalam Arunachalam.
It is a block-buster Horror movie, Directed by Sivakumar and Music Directed by Isai Aruvi Thomas Rathnam.
Plot
The story begins with a young lover. Due to the social bitterness the young lovers desperate and commit suicide. Heroine become a spirit and looks revenge.
It's a heart throbbing love with sentiments and comedy subject.
Cast
Vijay Annis as Hero
Kamali as Heroine
Kalam Arunachalam as Comedian
Production
Silver Touch India Produced this film
Release
This film is shot in dual language as Tamil and Malayalam. Dubbed in Telugu.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by "Isai Aruvi Thomas Rathnam "while the lyrics for all the songs were written by Arrupukottai Thavasimani, Bharathan, Madumathi,Vaanam and Thomas Rathnam.
References
External links
www.silvertouchindia.com
2018 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian drama films
2018 drama films
Josanne Lucille Lucas (born 14 May 1984) is a track and field athlete from Trinidad and Tobago who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles.
Born in Carnbee, Trinidad and Tobago, Lucas' first success was a win at the national championships in the 400 metres in 2005, but she focused on hurdling instead. She competed at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics in the 400 m hurdles but failed to progress beyond the heats. Lucas represented Trinidad and Tobago at the 2008 Summer Olympics but again did not pass the heats.
She set a new national record of 55.24 seconds in Belém at the Grande Prêmio Brasil Caixa meet in May 2009.
She won the bronze in the 400m hurdles at the World Championships for Athletics in Berlin, Germany in 2009.
She studied at Auburn University under coach Henry Rolle with Biomedical Sciences as her major. She became a teacher at Fort Collins High School, and on August 24, 2019, she became a naturalized citizen of the United States.
Personal bests
All information taken from IAAF profile.
Achievements
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Trinidad and Tobago
World Athletics Championships medalists
Commonwealth Games competitors for Trinidad and Tobago
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Pan American Games competitors for Trinidad and Tobago
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
Trinidad and Tobago female hurdlers
Trinidad and Tobago female sprinters
Central American and Caribbean Games silver medalists for Trinidad and Tobago
Competitors at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Trinidad and Tobago expatriates in the United States
Auburn University alumni
Schoolteachers from Colorado
American women educators
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Naturalized citizens of the United States
21st-century American women
Ryan Farish is an American artist, composer, songwriter, producer, and multi-instrumentist. Hailing from Norfolk, Virginia, and based in Los Angeles, California, Ryan is known for his downtempo electronica, chillout, and uplifting dance music. His sound is a combination of anthemic melodies layered with organic downtempo grooves along with a collection of releases that infuse dance rhythms with uplifting themes. Ryan established his self-owned record label in 2008, RYTONE Entertainment, as a home to his own releases as well as those of other collaborative artists.
Farish's achievements include seven albums on Billboard Charts, 70 million views from fan created videos on YouTube, 333 million plays on Pandora Radio, Amazon Cloud, Apple Music, and Spotify, performance at Neon Carnival at Coachella sponsored by Google Play, T-Mobile, and Armani Exchange, music licenses to corporations such as: Audi, Chevrolet, MTV, VH1, Sony, Google, T-Mobile, and the 2013 film Despicable Me 2, as well as a series of feature videos that Farish makes a personal appearance in, with Audi North America and Bang & Olufsen.
As a producer, Farish has been awarded a GMA Dove Award and co-writer/co-publisher for a Grammy Award-nominated recording. He has also produced his globally syndicated lifestyle brand and radio show and podcast, "Chasing the Sun" and "Positive Chillout".
Farish launched his music career on the first generation MP3.com. It was at this site where he received 1.8 million downloads of his trademark, electronic/world music. As a result of this momentum, Farish has been noted as a "Download King" by L.A.'s Music Connection Industry Magazine.
In 2006, Ryan Farish gained attention on YouTube when his song, "Pacific Wind", was featured in a popular video, entitled "Remember Me", created by a 15-year-old high school student named Lizzie Palmer. The video, a sentimental montage of soldiers in the Iraq War, was ranked as the 48th most-watched YouTube video of all time as of April 26, 2008. To date, this video has received 32 million views. Palmer and Farish gained renown from the prominence of the video; the former was interviewed on news networks, including CNN.
Farish's music is featured across YouTube from fan-created videos that have reached beyond 70 million views.
Media
In 2019, Ryan's music is part of Apple's iOS 13 in over a billion devices. With iOS 13, Memories in the Photos App can be created with Ryan's songs "Child" and "Letter from Home" in the 'Electronic' Genre.
In 2015, Farish's 11th studio release, Spectrum (RYTONE/2015), debuted on Pandora Premieres and was awarded the "Hot Shot Debut" by Billboard Magazine, coming in at chart position #5 for Best Selling New Age Albums in the first week of sales.
In November 2014, Farish launched his "Positive Chillout" station on AccuRadio.
From November 26 to December 2, 2013, Farish's album Destiny debuted on Pandora Premieres.
In the summer of 2013, Ryan Farish's song "Be Near" from his album Wonderfall (2008) was licensed by NBCUniversal/Universal Studios to be used in radio promotional for the major motion picture Despicable Me 2.
In January 2011, Farish debuted his progressive trance radio show Elevation on Hot 100.5 on WVHT-FM of Max Media. Elevation is a two-hour exclusive DJ mix set produced and hosted by Ryan Farish.
In 2004, after many requests as to what genre Ryan Farish considered his music to be, Farish coined the name "Positive Chillout" to be a reference to his unique brand of uplifting, chillout electronic music. In November 2006, Farish published this title, on his owned/operated Live365 internet radio station, "Positive Chillout", as well as RyanFarish.com and PositiveChillout.com. The Live365 radio station was first created in November 2006 as "Positive Chillout". In 2010, Ryan re-launched the show on DI.FM's (Digitally Imported) "Chillout Dreams" channel as "Positive Chillout with Ryan Farish". The new show brought an emphasis on Electronic Chillout Music, which is considered positive and uplifting.
Throughout the 2000s and early 2010s, much of Farish's works were featured on The Weather Channel's Local on the 8s segments and theme track to "Storm Stories".
Endorsements
In December 2012, displaying his album Life in Stereo, Google Play selected Ryan Farish as one of the Best Unsigned Artists of 2012.
In November 2012, Ryan's pursuit for excellence in sound was highlighted in a video entitled "Bang & Olufsen Advanced Sound System for Audi", featuring Bang & Olufsen's commitment to superior quality and design with Audi.
In 2011, Ryan Farish was featured by Audi USA in a series called "Remarkable Audi". In this short film, which also features Ryan's music, Ryan discusses the qualities of Audi's audio engineering and how he uses the advanced sound of his Audi as part of his creative process.
In late 2009, Ryan Farish signed an exclusive endorsement deal with Yamaha Corporation of America.
Collaborations
Ryan Farish created custom presets to Plugin Alliance's virtual synth Oberhausen released in April 2019.
On November 3, 2017, Farish and BBMak singer Christian Burns collaborated on two songs for his album Primary Colors, "Find You" and "Safe in This Place".
On October 11, 2011, Ryan Farish and Paul Hardcastle announced Transcontinental, a collection of new music featuring the vocals of Paul's daughter Maxine Hardcastle and son Paul Hardcastle Jr. Transcontinental followed the heels of "Sunset Sky" which Farish digitally released with Paul's son on RYTONE Entertainment featuring Paul Hardcastle Jr. on the saxophone mixed with a twist on Ryan's signature melodies. This initial journey between Ryan Farish and Paul Hardcastle began with the single release on June 22, 2010, titled "Reflections".
On August 16, 2011, Ryan's album Upon a Dream was released. It includes collaborations with Tiff Lacey, Aprille Goodman, Madelin Zero, and Dave Moisan.
Farish also co-wrote and co-published "Listen" for Trin-i-tee 5:7's album T57, which was awarded a GMA Dove Award and Grammy Award-nominated recording.
Ryan has collaborated with a variety of artists. In 2008, Ryan worked with multi-platinum recording artist Donna Lewis to release their first collaborative single, "Dancing Angel". Lewis is widely known for her No. 1 hit "I Love You Always Forever" (Now in a Minute/Atlantic Records).
Awards
2011 – Producer Ryan Farish was named as an elected Governor by The Recording Academy Washington, D.C. Chapter Board
2010 – Producer Ryan Farish was named by The Recording Academy Washington, D.C. Chapter Board as the Chapter's first-appointed adviser representing the VA Beach/Tidewater area.
Ryan Farish won a GMA Dove Award at the 39th Annual GMAs (2007) and co-writer/co-publisher for a Grammy Award-nominated recording and has had several top ten Billboard.com charting albums. The GMA Dove Award was for co-writing the hit gospel song "Listen" for Trin-i-Tee 5:7.
Credits
Ryan Farish's 15th album Wonder is released on March 22, 2019, which debuts #14 on Billboard's Dance Electronic Album Sales chart.
In 2018, Farish's album Wilderness debuted #1 on the iTunes and Amazon Top Electronic Album Charts as well as debut on the Billboard Charts at #2. For the very first time, Ryan features his own vocals on several tracks like the self-titled track "Wilderness".
On November 3, 2017, Ryan Farish releases Primary Colors on Black Hole Recordings which charted #17 on Billboard's Dance/Electronic Album Sales.
In 2017, Ryan Farish's album United peaked on the Billboard charts at #9.
In 2015, Farish's 11th studio release, Spectrum was awarded the "Hot Shot Debut" by Billboard Magazine, coming in at chart position #5 for Best New Age Albums.
On November 19, 2013, Farish's single "Then Came the Sun" charted at #9 in the Sirius XM Electric Area Trance Top 20.
In 2005, Farish's album From the Sky peaked on the Billboard Charts at #3.
In 2004, Ryan Farish's album Beautiful peaked on the Billboard Charts at #10.
Discography
Studio albums
2004 – Beautiful
2005 – From the Sky
2006 – Everlasting
2008 – Wonderfall
2009 – Beautiful (Deluxe Version)
2009 – From the Sky (Deluxe Version)
2009 – Everlasting (Deluxe Version)
2009 – Spirit (A Ryan Farish Christmas) – EP
2009 – Movement in Light
2010 – Bloom
2010 – Opus
2011 – Opus Reloaded
2011 – Upon a Dream
2011 – Transcontinental EP with Paul Hardcastle and Ryan Farish
2012 – Main Room Architecture
2012 – Life in Stereo
2013 – Destiny
2015 – Spectrum
2017 – United
2017 – Primary Colors
2018 – Wilderness
2019 – Wonder
2019 – Art for Life
2020 - Land of the Sky
2021 - Halcyon
2021 - Rhythm of the Seasons
2022 - Solstice
Singles
2008 – "Believe"
2008 – "Pacific Wind – Sunday Morning Mix"
2008 – "In This Moment"
2009 – "Clouds of Heaven"
2009 – "Love Song"
2009 – "L.A. Nights"
2009 – "Storm Chaser"
2010 – "Iceland"
2010 – "Come Into My World"
2010 – "Perfect Clarity"
2010 – "Reflections"
2010 – "Depth of Love"
2010 – "Sunset Sky"
2012 – "Light"
2013 – "Then Came the Sun"
2014 – "Love in the Air"
2014 – "Home"
2014 – "Distance (feat. Coury Palermo)"
2008 – "Believe"
2008 – "Pacific Wind – Sunday Morning Mix"
2008 – "In This Moment"
2009 – "Clouds of Heaven"
2009 – "Love Song"
2009 – "L.A. Nights"
2009 – "Storm Chaser"
2010 – "Iceland"
2010 – "Come Into My World"
2010 – "Perfect Clarity"
2010 – "Reflections"
2010 – "Depth of Love"
2010 – "Sunset Sky"
2012 – "Light"
2013 – "Then Came the Sun"
2014 – "Love in the Air"
2014 – "Home"
2015 – "Distance (feat. Coury Palermo)"
2016 – "Skyline"
2016 – "Stories in Motion"
2016 – "Stories in Motion (Sied van Riel Away to the Past Remix)"
2016 – "Stories in Motion (Sunny Lax Remix)"
2017 – "Stars Collide"
2017 – "Stars Collide (Extended Mix)"
2018 – "Find You (Daniel Kandi Remix)"
2022 - "Warmth of the Sun"
2022 - "Sea the Sky"
2022 - "Breathe in This Moment"
Remixes
2017 – Amnesia [Ryan Farish Remix] by Paul Oakenfold & Jordan Suckley on Perfecto Records Dreamstate, Vol. One (Bonus Track Version)
Live albums
2009 – Live at the National
Compilations
2002 – Selected Works
2003 – Selected Works Xpanded
2008 – Spa Relaxation
2009 – Rare & Remastered (2000–2002 Sessions)
2010 – Legacy (The Greatest Hits 2000–2010)
2017 – Legacy: Greatest Hits, Vol.2
Independent albums
2000 – In the Day
2002 – Daydreamer
See also
List of ambient music artists
References
External links
DI.FM Chillout Dreams channel
Positive Chillout with Ryan Farish
The Recording Company Washington D.C. Chapter
Ryan Farish Yamaha Artist Page
Ryan Farish Discography
Official Site of Ryan Farish
Official Ryan Farish YouTube Channel
Ryan Farish's Myspace Page
Year of birth missing (living people)
Farish Ryan
American male composers
21st-century American composers
Electronic music radio shows
American DJs
American dance musicians
Chill-out musicians
American electronic musicians
American trance musicians
Radio personalities from Virginia
Electronic dance music DJs
21st-century American male musicians
Ovacık is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Caravan is a 1946 British black-and-white drama film directed by Arthur Crabtree. It was one of the Gainsborough melodramas and is based on the 1942 novel Caravan by Eleanor Smith.
Stewart Granger later called the movie "terrible".
Plot
In late 19th-century London, destitute Richard Darrell (Stewart Granger) rescues Don Carlos (Gerard Heinz) from two robbers. When Richard returns for the manuscript he inadvertently left behind, he is encouraged by Don Carlos to talk about his background. The son of a poor country doctor, he met the upper class Oriana Camperdene and Francis Castleton during their childhood; he and Francis became rivals for Oriana's affections. Oriana and her father left for Spain, but the couple were reunited as adults and agreed to marry, much to Francis's disgust. However, they postponed the wedding for a year so that Richard could go to London and make his fortune as a writer. However, though he has completed a novel, no one wants to publish it and his year is almost up. Don Carlos offers to publish it and asks him to take a valuable necklace, which once belonged to Queen Isabella of Castile, to Granada.
Bidding farewell to Oriana (Anne Crawford), Richard sets out. On the way, he meets Wycroft (Robert Helpmann), who assaults, robs and nearly kills Richard on behalf of his dastardly master, Sir Francis Castleton (Dennis Price). Oriana thinks Richard is dead and, with her father recently dead, marries Francis, whilst Richard loses his memory as a result of the assault and marries a gypsy girl named Rosal (Jean Kent). However, everyone meets again...
Cast
Stewart Granger as Richard
Jean Kent as Rosal
Anne Crawford as Oriana
Dennis Price as Francis
Robert Helpmann as Wycroft
Gerard Heinz as Don Carlos
Enid Stamp Taylor as Bertha
David Horne as Camperdene
John Salew as Diego
Arthur Goullet as Suiza
Julian Somers as Manoel
Pete Murray as Juan
Gypsy Petulengro as Paco
Sylvie St. Clair as Marie
Henry Morrell as Cumbermere
Victoria Campbell as Fanny
Mabel Constanduros as Woman
Josef Ramart as Jose
Erin de Selfa as Singer in Cafe
Philip Guard as Young Francis
Peter Mullins as Young Richard
Jacqueline Boyer as Young Oriana
Production
Original novel
The film was based on a novel by Eleanor Smith which was published in 1943. It was one of several novels by Smith to feature gypsies. Film rights were purchased by Gainsborough Pictures who had enjoyed success during the war with a series of melodramatic movies, starting with The Man in Grey (1943), also based on a novel by Smith. Later Gainsborough melodramas included two which were written by Roland Pertwee and directed by Arthur Crabtree, Madonna of the Seven Moons (1944) and They Were Sisters (1945). The two men worked together again on Caravan.
Casting
The film's four leads were all under contract to Gainsborough and were well known for appearing in melodramas at the studio. Stewart Granger and Jean Kent had previously appeared together in Fanny By Gaslight and Madonna of the Seven Moons, and Anne Crawford who had been in They Were Sisters. Kent had normally played support roles but Maurice Ostrer, then head of Gainsborough, offered Kent a new contract just before filming which promoted her to star billing. Dennis Price had been in A Place of One's Own (1945) and was used by Gainsborough in the sort of villainous roles that James Mason used to play.
Filming
The film was meant to follow The Magic Bow, but that was postponed due to the illness of Phyllis Calvert so, Caravan had to be rushed into production. Filming began in June 1945 on location in North Wales, with Snowdon standing in for Spain. The unit then transferred to Gainsborough's studios at Shepherd's Bush in London. Jean Kent met her future husband during the making of the movie. She was described as Gainsborough's backup Margaret Lockwood. Smith died in November 1945, aged only 43.
Release
Box Office
The film was one of the most popular British releases of 1946. According to trade papers, the film was a "notable box office attraction" at British cinemas.
Another source says it was the most successful film at the British box office in 1946 after The Wicked Lady, The Bells of St Marys, Piccadilly Incident, The Captive Heart and The Road to Utopia. According to Kinematograph Weekly the 'biggest winner' at the box office in 1946 Britain was The Wicked Lady, with "runners-up" being The Bells of St Marys, Piccadilly Incident, The Road to Utopia, Tomorrow is Forever, Brief Encounter, Wonder Man, Anchors Away, Kitty, The Captive Heart, The Corn is Green, Spanish Main, Leave Her to Heaven, Gilda, Caravan, Mildred Pierce, Blue Dahlia, Years Between, O.S.S., Spellbound, Courage of Lassie, My Reputation, London Town, Caesar and Cleopatra, Meet the Navy, Men of Two Worlds, Theirs is the Glory, The Overlanders, and Bedelia.
Critical reception
The film was not released in the US until 1949. The New York Times wrote, "Granger and the rest of the cast alternate between grappling with stilted lines and an embarrassingly archaic situation with neither the players nor plot making much entertainment, while 'Caravan' moves with the speed of an oxcart."
TV Guide noted "strong direction, brilliant individual performances, and production values far above the usual run of British films work beautifully together as one melodramatic situation is piled on another."
Legacy
A 2003 article in Film History called it "so wild and unrestrained in its melodrama as to approach the near-burlesque level of the Tod Slaughter melodramas. Much of its fun is centred in the villains, with Dennis Price... and dancer Robert Helpmann teamed to make a bizarre but tremendously effective British Greenstreet/Lorre teaming. The lot throws in just about everything in terms of stock situations and characters, and even turns itself into a Western on occasion. The artificiality of many of the sets, and the fairly obvious back projection, don't add to the conviction – but realism is hardly a strongpoint in a film like this, though it does benefit from far more location shooting than most of its ilk."
References
External links
Caravan at BFI Screenonline
Review of film at Variety
1946 films
British black-and-white films
Films about amnesia
Films based on British novels
Films based on romance novels
Films directed by Arthur Crabtree
Films set in London
Films set in Spain
Films set in the 19th century
Gainsborough Pictures films
Melodrama films
1940s historical drama films
British historical drama films
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
Kadıncık, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Rai Sahib Nagendra Kumar Bhattacharyya (5 November 1888 – 8 April 1967) was an eminent Indian criminal lawyer practising in the High Court of Calcutta and a Member of the West Bengal Legislative Council.
Early life
Rai Sahib Nagendra Kumar Bhattacharyya was born into an orthodox Brahmin family in Tripura. He was educated at Nawab's H. E. School, Murshidabad and later at Krishna Nath College, Berhampore. He received a Government Scholarship and graduated from the University of Calcutta in law in 1913 in the first division. He received a jagir from the Nawab of Murshidabad and was zamindar of eminence in Murshidabad. He was married to Snehalata Devi of Mymensingh, daughter of Rai Bahadur Kedar Nath Chowdhury of the Zamindar House of Bamui and who was also the first Bengali District & Sessions Judge of Undivided Bengal. Rai Sahib Nagendra Kumar Bhattacharyya officiated as the Government Pleader for Murshidabad in 1932 and was retained Advocate of the Court of Murshidabad. In 1934, he was given the title of Rai Sahib. He was Commissioner of the Berhampore Municipality from 1932 to 1948 and Member of the West Bengal Legislative Council from June 1956 to June 1964.
He is mentioned in the book 'Bansha-Parichay' that documents eminent noble and aristocratic family lineages of undivided Bengal in British India. He was one of the select noblemen invited to attend the coronation durbar of King George V, Emperor of India.
Career
He joined the Murshidabad District Bar as a pleader in 1913. He enrolled as an Advocate at Berhampore in 1931.
He started practicing in civil and criminal law in Berhampore and was enrolled as an Advocate of the Calcutta High Court in 1931. In 1932 he officiated as the Government Pleader of Murshidabad.
Bhattacharyya was retained Advocate of the Court of Murshidabad. In 1934 he was given the title Rai Sahib. He was Commissioner of the Berhampore Municipality from 1932 to 1948. He was member of the West Bengal Legislative Council from June 1956 to June 1964.
On 12 March 1967, the Berhampore Bar Association celebrated the Golden Jubilee of his practice.
Bhattacharyya was a jagirdar in the State of Murshidabad. He is mentioned in the book 'Bansha-Parichay' that documents the lineage of eminent families lineages of undivided Bengal in British India. He was one of the select noblemen invited to attend the Delhi Durbar of King George V, Emperor of India.
Other positions
Director, West Bengal Provincial Co-operative Bank
Director, City Murshidabad Co-operative Society
Vice Chairman, West Bengal Central Co-operative Land Mortgage Bank
Member, Law Sub Committee, All India Co-operative Union
Member, Working Group on Industrial Co-operatives appointed by Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Govt. of India
Member, Executive Committee National Co-operative Land Mortgage Bank
Vice Chairman, Berhampore Central Co-operative Bank
Vice Chairman, Murshidabad District Co-operative Land Mortgage Bank
Vice Chairman, Berhampore Co-operative Ganja Farming Society
Vice President, Murshidabad Institute of Technology
President, Berhampore Ramkrishna Mission
Publications
The cattle trespass act, 1871 (I of 1871) as modified up to 1958
The code of criminal procedure (Act V of 1898) as amended up to date, with the Criminal law amendment act
The Medico-Legal Court Companion
The law of motor vehicles in India
Personal
Bhattacharyya was father to four sons and three daughters. He died on 8 April 1967 at Calcutta, aged 78.
References
Members of the West Bengal Legislative Assembly
1888 births
1967 deaths
20th-century Indian lawyers
People from Tripura
Concerto Fantastique is an orchestral composition in four movements by the American composer Ralph Shapey. The work was commissioned by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, who first performed the work under the composer on November 21, 1991. It was a finalist for the 1992 Pulitzer Prize for Music.
Composition
Concerto Fantastique has a duration of roughly one hour and is composed in four movements:
Variations
Elegy
Intermezzo
Rondo
The first movement, "Variations", is dedicated to the University of Chicago, at which Shapey was on faculty from the mid-1960s until his retirement in 1991. The second movement, "Elegy", is dedicated to the late Chicago-based philanthropist Paul Fromm. The last two movements, "Intermezzo" and "Rondo", are both dedicated to the Chicago Symphony Orchestra.
Shapey described the composition process, remarking, "I started out to write a concerto, but as I was writing the piece it became more and more obvious that this was not just a concerto. That is how Fantastique came to be added to the title. I wrote the piece for a virtuoso orchestra and virtuoso players. The second, third and fourth movements come directly out of the first. Each movement is complete within itself, but you can also regard the entire work as a great big sonata-allegro form."
Reception
World premiere
Concerto Fantastique received a mixed response from the audience at its world premiere. Wynne Delacoma of the Chicago Sun-Times observed, "The hall was full at the start of the evening, probably because Alfred Brendel was opening the program with Liszt's Piano Concerto No. 2. A portion of the audience didn't return from intermission to hear Shapey conduct his own work, and more left in the pauses between the four movements." The music critic John von Rhein of the Chicago Tribune similarly wrote, "There was a noticeable exodus of audience members between movements of Shapey's hourlong work and scattered boos at the end." Despite this, Rhein added, "But the applause was considerable, and Chicago's most eminent composer, back in front of the CSO after 22 years, clearly savored the moment."
Critical response
The piece has received a very positive reception from music critics. Reviewing the world premiere, John von Rhein wrote, "Concerto fantastique is [Shapey's] the biggest work to date, and while I don't think it's his most successful—I much prefer the Shapey of the pungent, concise pieces he has written for his Contemporary Chamber Players—I would not deny the work's sinewy expressiveness or its stubborn refusal to sound like anybody else but Shapey." He added:
Pulitzer dispute
The jury for the 1992 Pulitzer Prize for Music, comprising George Perle, Roger Reynolds, and Harvey Sollberger, unanimously chose to submit only Concerto Fantastique for award consideration, despite Pulitzer rules requiring the jury to submit three works for board consideration. The jury wrote, "Long the creator of original and visionary works in a wide range of musical media, Mr. Shapey has in this work achieved a striking summation that integrates the craggy and uncompromising materials of a very personal language on a grand scale."
When the Pulitzer board demanded an alternative, threatening to forego a music prize for the year, the jury submitted Wayne Peterson's The Face of the Night, the Heart of the Dark. In an upset to the jury, the board selected The Face of the Night, the Heart of the Dark over Concerto Fantastique as the winner.
George Perle commented on the incident, remarking, "I don't want to belittle the Peterson work, which is marvelous. It is absolutely worthy of a Pulitzer Prize. But the Pulitzer Prize is supposed to be for the single best work of the year, and on this occasion we felt that there was a work that was more impressive. We were entirely unanimous on that point, and we did not expect to be overruled."
References
Compositions by Ralph Shapey
1991 compositions
Concertos for orchestra
Music commissioned by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra
The enzyme D-serine ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.18), with systematic name D-serine ammonia-lyase (pyruvate-forming), catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-serine = pyruvate + NH3 (overall reaction)
(1a) D-serine = 2-aminoprop-2-enoate + H2O
(1b) 2-aminoprop-2-enoate = 2-iminopropanoate (spontaneous)
(1c) 2-iminopropanoate + H2O = pyruvate + NH3 (spontaneous
Other names in common use include D-hydroxyaminoacid dehydratase, D-serine dehydrase, D-hydroxy amino acid dehydratase, D-serine hydrolase, D-serine dehydratase (deaminating), D-serine deaminase, and D-serine hydro-lyase (deaminating). This enzyme participates in glycine, serine and threonine metabolism. It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
References
EC 4.3.1
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
Al-Mithaq Sport Club (), is an Iraqi football team based in Baghdad, that plays in the Iraq Division Three.
History
Al-Mithaq Club was founded in 1972 in Sadr City, Baghdad, which is the oldest club in terms of establishment in Sadr City.
Managerial history
Basil Mohammed
Haider Abdul-Hassan
References
External links
Al-Mithaq SC on Goalzz.com
Iraq Clubs- Foundation Dates
1972 establishments in Iraq
Association football clubs established in 1972
Football clubs in Baghdad
Benjamin Manning (born 12 June 1986) is a footballer who plays for the Montserrat national football team. He has been capped internationally for Montserrat on three occasions. He has stated on many occasions that his biggest inspiration growing up was Hans Singh. Hans was a baller who played for nearby team in Newham.
References
1986 births
Living people
Montserratian footballers
Montserrat international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
James Dupré Lance (28 January 1829 – 28 March 1897) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Canterbury, New Zealand.
Biography
Lance was born in Boulogne, France. He first came to New Zealand in 1856 to visit his brothers.
He contested the 1866 election for the superintendency of the Canterbury Provincial Council against William Sefton Moorhouse representing the runholders; he came a distant second.
On 12 July 1865, Lance was appointed to the New Zealand Legislative Council. His membership lapsed on 18 October 1867 through absence. He represented the Cheviot electorate from to 1890. He contested the electorate in the end was defeated by Richard Meredith.
References
1829 births
1897 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Members of the New Zealand Legislative Council
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1890 New Zealand general election
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Murang'a (or Muranga) is a town in Murang'a County of Kenya. Before the independence of Kenya in 1963, this town used to be called Fort Hall. It is the administrative centre of Murang'a County and is mainly inhabited by the Kikuyu community.
According to the 2019 census, the town has a population of about 110,000.
Overview
Murang'a is located between Nyeri and Thika. The town of Maragua is located 10 kilometres south of Murang'a while Sagana town is 15 kilometres northeast.
It lies on a latitude of -0.7167 (0° 43' South) and longitude of 37.1500 (37° 8' East)
The town is low, a bit hilly, small but picturesque with an altitude of 4120 ft (1255 metres) above sea level. As a result of the varying altitudes, Murang'a can get quite cold from May to Mid-August, and can experience hail. To the west of the town can be seen the rolling Kikuyu farmlands that extend as far as the eyes can see.
Murang'a is a fast-growing town that attracts traders and farmers from the neighbouring districts. It has banks, petrol stations, a post office, lodges, nightclubs playing the latest local and Western music, restaurants serving local and exotic dishes, supermarkets, dry cleaners, and lively marketplaces. It has also a relatively busy bus and matatu transportation terminal. A district general hospital is located in the northern corner of the town. The town is accessible from Nairobi by Thika-Murang'a road and from Nyeri.
Murang'a county got its first governor in the year 2013 when H.E Mwangi Iria was elected by TNA ticket to be the first constitutional governor.
Climate
Muranga has a tropical savannah climate (Aw) and is warmer than the adjacent highlands bordering it some few kilometres east. High temperatures can surpass 35 °C in the months of october to march. Those are the hottest months in the area. As mentioned, days can get really chilly from May to mid-august.
Average temperatures
High temperatures
January – 34.5
February – 33.8
March – 31.1
April – 28.2
May – 26.6
June – 25.1
July – 24.3
August – 22.8
September – 24.0
October – 26.2
November – 29.0
December – 33.3
See also
Railway stations in Kenya
Murang'a High School
References
Murang'a County
Populated places in Central Province (Kenya)
County capitals in Kenya
Essam al-Buwaydhani was a Syrian rebel leader. He was reportedly born in Douma and was a businessman by profession. He was elected leader of Jaysh al-Islam after Zahran Alloush, the previous leader of the group, was killed in a Syrian Air Force air strike in December 2015.
References
1971 births
Syrian Salafis
People of the Syrian civil war
People from Rif Dimashq Governorate
Syrian businesspeople
2019 deaths
Colonel Valentín Galarza Morante (1882 in El Puerto de Santa María – 1951 in Madrid) was a Spanish officer and right wing politician. He was associated with the monarchist tendency within the Falange Española Tradicionalista y de las Juntas de Ofensiva Nacional-Sindicalista and was critical of the Falange.
Conspiracies
An early supporter of José Sanjurjo, he had been involved in his failed 1932 rebellion, although there was no adequate proof to bring prosecution. Following the uprising he became involved in attempting to secretly recruit senior officers for future action and one of those he targeted was his friend Francisco Franco. He became a founder member of the Unión Militar Española and kept the group in touch with the conspiracies already undertaken by aviator Juan Antonio Ansaldo and officer Juan Vigón. As a consequence of his wide circle of contacts he became part of the conspiratorial group of officers around Franco and Emilio Mola. He was vital to Franco personally as he was the general's link man to the UME.
In 1934, he was at the centre of a coup plot when plans were put in place for Ansaldo to fly General Sanjurjo back from exile in Portugal. The plan was for Sanjurjo to link up with Juan Yagüe and to lead a coup. However whilst the plotters waited at philologist Pedro Sainz Rodríguez's house word came through from Franco that the right was not yet ready and for the plan to be aborted. Galarza however remained a central figure in the conspiracies and, based as he was in the War Ministry in Madrid, he was central in passing messages between the generals in the immediate run-up to the Spanish Civil War.
Government career
Galarza's leading role in plotting the uprising and his good personal relationship with Franco ensured that he was able to secure government office after the civil war. He initially served as the under-secretary of the Presidencia del Gobierno and in this role he was instrumental in keeping Franco in touch with the inner workings of government.
On 5 May 1941, he was appointed Interior Minister as Franco moved to check the growing influence of Ramón Serrano Súñer by adding leading anti-Falangists like Galarza to the cabinet. Following his appointment, Galarza was the subject of numerous attacks in the Falangist press although he hit back by dismissing all the Falangist under-secretaries in his department, most notably Dionisio Ridruejo who had written a particularly scathing article against him. However it was Galarza's anti-Falangism that also proved his undoing as his close support of José Enrique Varela led to his dismissal in 1942. Franco feared the growing power of Varela who came to the fore as an opponent of Falangism when he resigned after Falangists attacked monarchists at the Basilica of Begoña, and he sought to remove his supporters, including Galarza, from positions of influence.
Later years
Following his dismissal from the cabinet, Galarza became associated with a group of monarchist dissidents on the fringes of Spain's political elite. In June 1943, he was one of a number of leading monarchists to lend their name to a manifesto sent to Franco calling on him to settle the constitutional questions by immediately restoring the monarchy. The plan was rejected however, and Galarza was one of the signatories to be dismissed from the Cortes Generales for their involvement.
References
1882 births
1951 deaths
Government ministers during the Francoist dictatorship
Spanish colonels
Spanish monarchists
People from El Puerto de Santa María
Interior ministers of Spain
The 308th Bombardment Wing (308th BW) is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with Far East Air Forces at Nagoya, Japan, where it was inactivated on 30 June 1948.
The wing served in combat with Fifth Air Force from February 1944 to August 1945, operating as a task force with various groups and squadrons that were attached for brief periods. It earned a Philippine Republic Presidential Unit Citation for its actions on Leyte and Luzon. The 308th became part of the occupation force from 1945 to 1947 when it was stripped of all personnel, remaining a paper unit until it was inactivated.
History
Background
General George C. Kenney, commander of Far East Air Forces (FEAF), developed the concept in late 1942 for an "Air Task Force“ to be located at an advanced base. The Air Task Force was to be a streamlined operational organization free from administrative duties so that it could concentrate on a given operation. Once the operation was complete, components of the force could be returned to their parent organizations. To implement this concept, the Buna Task Force (later renamed the 1st Air Task Force) was formed at Dobodura as a provisional organization, with its personnel drawn from the Fifth Air Force Advanced Echelon (ADVON), already located there. The task force defended installations at Dobodura from enemy air and sea attack, attacked Japanese forces at Rabaul and dropped supplies to advanced forces fighting at Lae and Saidor.
New Guinea
On 1 Feb 44 the provisional Air Task Force was transformed into the 308th Bombardment Wing. The wing began to establish air bases at Saidor, Cape Gloucester and Finschhafen. The wing's ADVON moved to Finschhafen and almost at once began to support the landings on Momote by the 1st Cavalry Division with fighter cover, air resupply and limited air strikes.
The ADVON moved to Wakde one day after the infantry landed to establish a base to extend the range of Allied airpower in New Guinea. The island seemed secure, so the infantry units were withdrawn from the island on 20 May. However Japanese forces infiltrated the 308th's camp the following morning. The camp was successfully defended by members of the wing's 303d Airdrome Squadron. As the Wakde airstrip was being established, Japanese attacks continued and caused casualties among units attached to the wing.
The wing proceeded to Biak to establish airfields for the forthcoming Morotai offensive. but strong resistance delayed the offensive on the island beyond the date when the airfields were planned to become operational, so nearby Owi Island was reconnoitered and proved to be a better base. The last resistance on Owi ended when wing Consolidated B-24 Liberators attacked on 22 July, destroying the last enemy stronghold. A Japanese attempt to reinforce the island was beaten back by wing North American B-25 Mitchells, which sank three ships, damaged two, and turned the reinforcements back.
Wing fighters covered the Noemfoor landings. Extensive strikes by the wing were able to keep enemy airfields in the region non-operational. During this period wing Mitchell bombers became the first American planes to strike the Philippines since the defeat there in May 1942. During operations from Owi and Biak wing fighters scored 28 victories over enemy aircraft and 55 more were destroyed on ground. In addition, shipping strikes resulted in 30 freighters plus 91 smaller craft sunk while over 200 more were damaged.
Philippine Islands
The wing did not resume operations until September when it began attacks from Hollandia. On 22 Oct 1944 it landed at Tacloban in the Philippines Only two days later than preparation of the airfield had barely begun, Tacloban was used as an emergency strip by Navy planes engaged in the Battle of Leyte Gulf because their carriers were under attack. The incomplete strip handled a landing every 2 minutes, some crashing because of the soft uneven nature of the strip. Japanese strafers arrived during the recovery operation, but two hours later, 59 Navy planes had been prepared to enter combat again On the 27th the field was ready for the Lockheed P-38 Lightnings of the 49th Fighter Group. These fighters initially concentrated on defending the Leyte beachhead, but as fighter strength increased, Japanese air attacks were limited to night raids. During operations on Leyte, in addition to merchant shipping, wing aircraft destroyed one cruiser, eight destroyers, and two destroyer escorts. 375 enemy aircraft were destroyed as the 308th achieved air superiority before handing over Leyte at the end of December.
In Jan 45 the wing assumed responsibility for Lingayen with its headquarters at Binmaley. It supported I Corps and guerrilla forces most of which were concentrated on northern Luzon. Wing aircraft flew hundreds of close air support missions near Baguio. Japanese air opposition in the Philippines had been reduced to the extent that wing fighters were diverted from providing air cover to close air support missions. The 308th began attacks on Formosa, concentrating on chemical factories providing material for aviation fuel and explosives. It attacked Hong Kong and Canton to isolate Japanese forces there.
The wing arrived in Okinawa in late June where it served as the ADVON for both Fifth Air Force and Far East Air Forces, assuming Operational Control of all land based aircraft on the island including Navy and Marine aircraft until Seventh Air Force headquarters arrived the following month.
Occupation Duty
The wing moved to Korea late in 1945 and became part of the occupation force. It transferred without personnel and equipment to Japan in 1947 and was not remanned. The unit inactivated on 30 June 1948.
Lineage
Constituted as the 308th Bombardment Wing, Heavy on 20 January 1944
Activated on 1 February 1944
Redesignated 308th Bombardment Wing, Light in March 1946
Inactivated on 30 June 1948
Assignments
Fifth Air Force, 1 February 1944 – 31 August 1945
Far East Air Forces, 1 September 1945 – 30 June 1948
Stations
Oro Bay (Cape Sudest) Airfield, New Guinea, 1 February 1944
Owi Airfield, Schouten Islands, Netherlands East Indies, 2 July 1944
Hollandia, Netherlands East Indies, 10 August 1944
Tacloban Airfield, Leyte, Philippines, 22 October 1944
San Marcelino Airfield, Luzon, Philippines, 11 January 1945
Motobu Airfield, Okinawa, Japan, 16 June 1945
Seoul, Korea, 22 September 1945
Kimpo, Korea, 7 January 1946
Nagoya, Japan, March 1947 – 30 June 1948
Components
Groups
3d Air Commando Group: (attached, 26 January 1945 – 18 May 1945)
49th Fighter Group: 5 June 1944 – 11 July 1944; 26 September – 8 December 1944
475th Fighter Group: 1 February 1946 – 22 March 1947 (attached 1 February 1944 – 24 March 1944; ca. 23 September 1945 – ca. 31 January 1946)
Groups attached for brief periods between 1 February 1944 and 1 September 1945
3d Bombardment Group
8th Fighter Group
18th Fighter Group
22d Bombardment Group
35th Fighter Group
38th Bombardment Group
43d Bombardment Group
58th Fighter Group
90th Bombardment Group
312th Bombardment Group
345th Bombardment Group
348th Fighter Group
375th Troop Carrier Group
417th Bombardment Group
494th Bombardment Group
Operational Squadrons
4th Reconnaissance Squadron: (attached 22 October 1945 – 14 April 1946)
26th Photographic Reconnaissance Squadron: 21 November 1945 – 20 February 1946 (attached 22 October 1945 – 21 November 1945)
160th Liaison Squadron: 25 March 1946 – 20 May 1946 (attached ca. 22 September 1945 – 25 March 1946)
418th Night Fighter Squadron: (attached 1 February 1944 – ca 15 May 1944, 9 July 1945 – ca. 30 July 1945)
547th Night Fighter Squadron: (attached 16 January 1945 – February 1945)
Navy and Marine units attached in Okinawa
MAG 24
MAG 32
VMF-115
VMF-211
VMF-218
VMF-313
VMF(N)-541
VB-117
Awards and Campaigns
References
Notes
Bibliography
Military units and formations established in 1944
Military units and formations disestablished in 1948
Bombardment wings of the United States Army Air Forces
German Alexeyevich Fedorov-Davydov (Russian: Герман Алексеевич Федоров-Давыдов) (17 July 1931 – 13 April 2000) was a Russian and Soviet historian, archaeologist, numismatist and art historian, professor of Moscow State University.
German Fedorov-Davydov was born in a family of highly educated, impoverished nobility, with old tradition of science; one of his ancestors, Davydov, was a 19th-century rector of the Moscow University.
German Fedorov-Davydov graduated from the Moscow State University Historical division in 1954 majoring in archeology. In 1969 he became a professor in the Archeology Institute of the USSR Academy of Science, his post-graduate and doctoral monographs were "Altyn Orda coin hoards" (1957), and "East European Nomads from 10th to 14th centuries" (1966).
German Fedorov-Davydov was a field archeologist. From 1950 he constantly participated in archeological expeditions: to Khoresm, Tatarstan, Chuvashia, Tunis, Mongolia, South Korea. From 1960 to 1990, Fedorov-Davydov headed the Volga regional archeological expedition of the Moscow University and Archeology Institute. In his publications German Fedorov-Davydov illuminated actual historical problems almost state-forbidden at that time. German Fedorov-Davydov was instrumental in organization of wide scale excavation of the capital Sarai (Sarai Berke and Sarai Djadid, New and Old Sarais), and other cities in the Volga region. G. Fedorov-Davydov continued traditions of pre-revolutionary orientalists - numismatists (H.M.Fren, P.S.Savelyev, and others), contributing to the knowledge in the field, including the birth and development of the Russian monetary system and terminology.
German Fedorov-Davydov is an author of about 230 scientific and popular-scientific works, including 26 books. His monographs "East European Nomads under rule of Altyn Orda Khans" (1966), "Social order of Golden Horde" (1973), "Art of nomads and Golden Horde" (1976) became classical for the period of Early Middle Age world of the Euroasian steppes. His books were published in England, Germany, Belgium, Hungary, Poland, Estonia, among them are "City Culture of the Golden Horde" (Oxford, 1984), "Städte der Golden Horde an der unteren Wolga" (Munich, 1984), "Le tresor de Saransk Les Monnaies de la Russie Moskovit 14 et 15 ieme Siecle" (Belgium, 1985), "Le tresor de Saransk Les Monnaies de la Principaute de Nijegorod. 14-15 Siecles" (Belgium, 1992). The work "Coins tell" ("World", 1986, republished again in 1990) was even published in Marathi and Telugu Indian languages.
German Fedorov-Davydov was a member of Academy of Natural Sciences of the Russian Federation, and corresponding member of the German Archaeological Institute.
References
Eulogy (in Russian)
Archaeologists from Moscow
Russian numismatists
1931 births
2000 deaths
20th-century archaeologists
Russian Turkologists
Singapore participated in the 2007 Southeast Asian Games (SEA) which were held in the city of Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand from 6 to 16 December 2007.
Singapore won a record 43 gold medals at the SEA Games.
Participation details
Singapore sent a total contingent of 658 to the 2007 SEA Games: of 442 competitors and 216 officials. The largest contingent ever sent to an away game, they participated in 35 of the 45 sports in the games.
No athletes were fielded for Baseball, Boxing, Chess, Handball, Netball, Tennis, Traditional boat race, Volleyball, Weightlifting and Wrestling.
Medals
Singapore entered the games expecting a Gold medal hail of between 35 and 45. On 12 December 2007, the target was raised and 42 - 45.
Significant results
Singapore retained pole position in Swimming, despite the absence of Joscelin Yeo who has since retired. 10 of the 22 swimmers were first-timers. In all, they broke four games records, nine national records, four U17 national records, and recorded 26 personal bests.
The Table tennis contingent swept all seven gold medals in the sport, the first time Singapore had done so in the SEA games.
The water polo team retained their title for the 22nd consecutive time since 1965, despite having eight new members in a team of 13.
References
External links
Team Singapore 2007 Southeast Asian Games
2007
Southeast Asian Games
Nations at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games
Grin is a 1971 album by Grin, featuring songs by their guitarist Nils Lofgren. As well as being an album in its own right, this was released by CBS in the UK as part of a 1976 double album set along with its successor 1+1. In 2005, it was issued on CD in remastered form, with the addition of two more tracks from the original sessions. The album was dedicated to Roy Buchanan with "special thanks" to Neil Young and Crazy Horse.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Nils Lofgren
"Like Rain" - 3:38
"See What a Love Can Do" - 5:02 (*) (Jerry Williams - scat vocals)
"Everybody's Missin' the Sun" - 2:44
"18 Faced Lover" - 3:26
"Outlaw" - 4:02 (*)
"We All Sung Together" - 3:44
"If I Were a Song" - 3:10
"Take You to the Movies Tonight" - 1:45
"Direction" - 4:14
"Pioneer Mary" - 3:45 (*)
"Open Wide" - 3:02
"I Had Too Much (Miss Dazi)" - 3:23
2005 Sony CD bonus tracks
"Nobody" - 2:57
"Sing for Happiness" - 3:15 (**)
All songs written by Nils Lofgren. Timings taken from remastered CD.
"Nobody" features the original lyrics prior to being re-written for Crazy Horse. Both "Nobody" and "Sing for Happiness" were previously released on The Very Best of Grin, Spindizzy/Epic Associated/Legacy 65697-SI.
Cover versions
The live track labelled "Any Day Woman" recorded by Plainsong includes a version of "Take You to the Movies Tonight" after that Paul Siebel song.
Personnel
Grin
Nils Lofgren - Guitars, Keyboards, Vocals
Bob Berberich - Drums, Vocals
Bob Gordon - Bass, Vocals
with:
(*) Harmony vocals by Danny Whitten, Neil Young and Ralph Molina.
(*) Scat singing by Jerry Williams
(**) Ben Keith on steel guitar
Technical
Bruce McCauley - cover artwork
References
All information from album & CD cover and label.
1971 debut albums
Nils Lofgren albums
Albums produced by David Briggs (producer)
Epic Records albums
Albums recorded at Wally Heider Studios
muvee Reveal is proprietary video editing software program for Microsoft Windows created by Singapore-based muvee Technologies. Reveal creates video slideshows from input videos, photos, and music. Muvee Reveal 7 was first released in 2007 and is the modern successor to the award-winning muvee autoProducer title first released by muvee Technologies in 2002. Since 2009, versions of muvee's Reveal movie making software use CUDA for faster processing and rendering.
muvee Reveal has been downloaded over a million times while OEM versions of the software were installed on over 24 million on HP computers, Dell PC and Notebooks, bundled with Nikon One and Coolpix, Flip, Olympus, Sony Cybershot and Panasonic Lumix cameras, Seagate FreeAgent and Toshiba Canvio external hard drives , Coby camcorders since 2004.
Features
Partial List of Features in muvee Reveal:
Insert photos and video
Add opening Titles, intertitles, and end Credits with free fonts
Place captions and subtitle lower-thirds on photos and videos.
Add any music and mark desired sections
Fit video to music length
Add an editing template Style which adds effects, transitions and pacing information
Voice-over with music-voice-sfx mixer
magicMoments for Video to mark up essential segments of video
magicSpot for Photos to mark start and end points for a Ken-Burns effect on photos
Chapters: create sections where different music and Styles can be used
Output formats
Output formats include:
WMV
MOV
MPEG-1
DV-AVI
AVI
MPEG-2
H.264
MPEG-4
See also
List of video editing software
Comparison of video editing software
MPEG-4 Part 14
References
External links
Video editing software
Johan August Malmström (14 October 1829 – 18 October 1901) was a Swedish painter. As an artist, he was known for his country motifs often featuring children. His most widely recognized work is Grindslanten (1885) featuring a typical scene from 19th century Sweden. Influenced by the national romanticism of Gothicismus, he also collected motives from Norse mythology. He made illustrations for publications of both Frithiofs saga (Friðþjófs saga hins frœkna) and The Tales of Ensign Stål (Fänrik Ståls sägner).
Malmström served as a professor at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts and later manager of the same institution. Malmström was also an illustrator who worked for several newspapers and book publishing houses. Additionally, Malmström designed furnitures, worked as a pattern drawer and was a designer for Gustavsberg porcelain.
Biography
Childhood and youth
August Malmström was born at Nubbekullen in Västra Ny parish within the municipality of Motala in Östergötland County, Sweden. Nubbekullen (Nubbekullens hembygdsgård) is today the site of a local museum.
His father, Anders Gustaf Malmström, was a carpenter and ornamental sculptor who managed the small farm. August, together with his brother, helped his father with agriculture and woodwork. Among other works they made ornaments for altarpieces and pulpits to churches. Both parents encouraged August in his choice of life. His mother, Brita Stina Håkansdotter, was interested in literature, which evoked his interest in history. He showed early interest in drawing and painting. An injury in his right hand which never cured properly exempted him from hard work and gave him even more time to spend on arts. In his teens he was skilled enough to support his family, he made small paintings and colored pictures which were given away as presents on birthdays and name days. His parents recognized his talent and sold their only ox to finance his studies in Stockholm.
Academy of Fine Arts in Stockholm
Malmström came to Stockholm and applied for admission at the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts. It was first with the help of the painter Nils Andersson (1817-1865) that he managed to be accepted and thus on 3 November 1849 he was registered at the academy's ground school. Already at the beginning his talent attracted attention and his study period was marked by rewards of all sorts. The academy had painting contests every year with given themes and Malmström was probably the most diligent participant.
For the 1855 contest, he was the only student to submit a contribution with Konung Gustaf II Adolfs lifsfara i träffningen vid Wittsjö ("King Gustaf II Adolf in mortal danger at the battle of Wittsjö") . However, his work was "not in a good condition to be rewarded". A growing problem the academy faced was that more and more students left the academy for studies in Düsseldorf, a trend Malmström followed in 1856. He considered the academy's education as insufficient and at the same time his economic situation became gradually better. Besides scholarships and picture sales, he earned incomes from portrait orders and restoration tasks.
Düsseldorf 1856–1857
Malmström is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting. There exists no proofs that he took part in any education in the city. He presumably pursued studies on his own. During autumn 1856, he sends home his first painting King Heimer and Aslög from Düsseldorf and during spring 1857 he then sends home King Aella's messenger before Ragnar Lodbrok's sons Both of these works impressed the Swedish Academy. During their exhibition, the painting King Heimer and Aslög was rewarded with the Royal Medal. Thereby the Academy had the possibility to give Malmström travel scholarships, which happened on 2 October. The grant and several painting sales meant that he was financially secured for many years forward.
Paris 1857–1859
In 1857, Malmström traveled together with Mårten Eskil Winge (1825–1896) to Paris. Winge was a good friend of Malmström and also had received a travel scholarship. Besides diligent studies at the museums, they were students of Thomas Couture (1815–1879) who had a solid reputation as a skillful teacher who taught a number of Swedish students. In 1856, Couture became an honorable member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts. Malmström returned 1858 to Düsseldorf to complete Vikingar på stranden ("Vikings at shore") together with the Norwegian painter Hans Fredrik Gude (1825–1903) but soon traveled back to Paris. Regulations for travel scholarships prescribed that a copy of a work by a great master should be made. The choice fell on Titian's painting Christ Crowned with Thorns, this because other works by Titian were already and constantly occupied by others, in some cases for many years.
Italy 1859–1860
According to the instructions for both holders of the travel scholarship. the Academy stated that after a year of residence in Paris they should take travel to Italy. After two years in Paris, Winge and Malmström went to Italy at the end of 1859. Much to his indignation, Malmström got a rejection to his application to copy Rafael's works at the Vatican. Instead he made some copies of Rafael's and Titian's works in Palazzo Borghese. Malmström returned to Paris in 1860. In the summer of 1863, Malmström left Paris for a new visit to Italy to study.
Return to Sweden
His artistic breakthrough came in January 1864 after his return to Sweden.
In 1866, he exhibited five works at the General Industrial Exposition of Stockholm (1866) (Stockholmsutställningen 1866). He was appointed an apprentice (agré) at the Royal Swedish Academy of Art in Stockholm. Subsequently, he was appointed professor of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts in 1867 where he taught until 1894. He also served as manager of the same institution from 1887 to 1893. Upon his death in 1901, he was buried in the cemetery at Solna Church (Solna kyrkogård) near Stockholm.
He bequeathed some 650 watercolors, drawings and 26 sketchbooks to the Nordic Museum on Djurgården.
See also
Düsseldorf school of painting
Gallery
References
Other sources
Björk, Tomas (1997) August Malmström - Grindslantens målare och 1800-talets bildvärld (Nordiska Museets Förlag)
Facos, Michelle (1998) Nationalism and the Nordic Imagination: Swedish Art of the 1890s (University of California Press)
External links
Nubbekullens hembygdsgård website
1829 births
1901 deaths
People from Östergötland County
People from Motala Municipality
19th-century Swedish painters
Swedish male painters
Symbolist painters
Swedish furniture designers
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts
Artists from Stockholm
Swedish illustrators
19th-century Swedish male artists
Mimatybe pauliani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimatybe. It was described by Breuning in 1957.
References
Apomecynini
Beetles described in 1957
Monotypic beetle genera
Saint-Jean-Baptiste Church () is a Roman Catholic church built in 1872 in the borough of Le Plateau Mont-Royal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Its address is 4237 Henri-Julien Avenue (corner Rachel Street). It can accommodate 2,800 people, and is the largest church in Montreal after the Notre-Dame Basilica and Saint Joseph's Oratory.
History
In June 1872, the owners of the Village Saint-Jean-Baptiste yielded twenty plots of land on Rachel Street to the Archdiocese of Montreal. The first church was built in 1875 according to plans by Alphonse Raza.
In 1880, the citizens refused to contribute to a voluntary fund to pay for the construction of their church. Their refusal required the Village of Saint-Jean-Baptiste to pay for the church. As a result, the village experienced financial trouble and was quickly merged into the City of Montreal.
A major fire destroyed the church on January 29, 1898. Far from being discouraged, the parish then proposed a competition for the city's Catholic architects. Emile Vanier won the competition. The new church was inaugurated in 1903. It could accommodate up to 3,200 worshippers and featured a Casavant Frères organ.
On June 27, 1911, the church suffered another serious fire. The interior finishes, the roof and the dome disappeared in the flames, and the upper part of the exterior walls were also damaged.
Again, a competition for the reconstruction of the church was held. It was ultimately entrusted to architect Casimir Saint-Jean.
The church thus took its present form in 1912. The pediment is decorated with a carved motif and is surmounted by five statues representing Christ and the four evangelists. Two other statues of St. Pierre and St. Paul are installed in the side niches.
While the facade remains austere, the interior is stunning with its sumptuous Baroque revival architecture. The original chandeliers, the richly ornamented pulpit, the beauty of the cabinet benches, confessionals, balustrades, the rich architectural ornamentation in cast plaster, all contribute to the splendor of this church. Stained glass by Guido Nincheri was installed in 1932.
Saint-Jean-Baptiste Church was renovated in 1987 and was cited by the City of Montreal in 1989. Concerts are still given regularly.
Organs
The Church of St. Jean-Baptiste de Montreal is one of the few churches in Canada equipped with two organs. It can, therefore, promote the presentation of works that require an imposing organ accompaniment. Restored in 1995 and 1996, the great organ of the gallery, Opus 615 of Casavant Frères, is one of the most prestigious instruments in North America.
The church also has a third organ, more modest, based in Saint-Louis Chapel, adjacent to the large church.
References
External links
Fiche de Église Saint-Jean-Baptiste de Montréal de la Fondation du patrimoine religieux du Québec
Site web officiel de l'église
Fiche de Église Saint-Jean-Baptiste de Montréal
Les orgues de Saint-Jean-Baptiste
Je
Jean-Baptiste (Montreal)
Jean-Baptiste (Montreal)
Le Plateau-Mont-Royal
Legrena () is a coastal village in East Attica in southern Greece on the coast of the Attica peninsula. It is part of the municipality Lavreotiki. It lies along Greek National Road 91, to the west of Sounion. It contains an extensive beach and bay of the same name. The European Public Law Center is located in the vicinity.
References
External links
Handgliding video over the beach at Legrena
Populated coastal places in Greece
Populated places in East Attica
The elegant wrasse, Anampses elegans, is a species of wrasse native to the Pacific Ocean from Australia and New Zealand eastward to Easter Island. This species prefers lagoons and can also be found on coastal reefs at depths from . This species can reach a length of . It can be found in the aquarium trade.
References
Tony Ayling & Geoffrey Cox, Collins Guide to the Sea Fishes of New Zealand, (William Collins Publishers Ltd., Auckland, New Zealand 1982)
Elegant wrasse
Fish described in 1889
Arbano may refer to the following places and Latin Catholic jurisdictions :
Curiate Italian for Arbanum, a titular bishopric and former diocese in Albania
Roman dialect for Albano Laziale, town and seat of a Surburbicarian diocese in Lazio, central Italy
Peter Chernin (born May 29, 1951) is an American businessman and investor. He is the chairman and CEO of The Chernin Group (TCG), which he founded in 2010. TCG manages, operates and invests in businesses in the media, entertainment, and technology sectors. Specifically, the company focuses on three areas: making investments in technology and media companies in the US, developing premium content for film and television, and capitalizing on strategic business opportunities in emerging markets.
Early life and education
Chernin was born in Harrison, New York, the son of Mary (née Townsend) and Herbert Chernin. Chernin, whose father was Jewish, was raised Unitarian.
He attended and graduated with a B.A. in English literature from the University of California, Berkeley.
Career
Chernin joined Fox in 1989 from Lorimar Film Entertainment, where he served as president and chief operating officer. Earlier, he served as executive vice president of programming and marketing for Showtime/The Movie Channel. Prior to Showtime, Chernin was vice president of Development and Production at the David Gerber Company. He began his career in publishing, first as associate publicity director of St. Martin's Press and later as an editor for Warner Books.
News Corp.
Prior to starting TCG, Chernin served as president and chief operating officer of News Corporation and chairman and CEO of the Fox Group from 1996 to 2009. As president and COO of one of the world's largest media companies, he oversaw diversified global operations spanning five continents, including the production and distribution of film and television programming; television, satellite and cable broadcasting and News Corp.'s aggressive expansion into the digital media and internet space.
During his two decades with News Corporation, Chernin gained a reputation as an executive with a unique mastery of both the creative and corporate sides of the entertainment business. He headed both Twentieth Century Fox Filmed Entertainment and, earlier, the Fox Broadcasting Company. He has also had oversight of Fox's tremendous growth in sports, cable and general entertainment television programming and distribution in the U.S. and internationally.
Under Chernin's leadership, Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation produced the two top-grossing movies of all time, Titanic and Avatar; the Fox Broadcasting Company became the No. 1-ranked network among the key demographic of 18- to 49-year-olds; and Twentieth Century Fox Television, the network production arm of Fox, became the No. 1 supplier of programming to all television networks.
News Corporation's cable network group experienced explosive growth during Chernin's tenure – going from zero to more than 400 million cable subscribers in less than 10 years. By the time Chernin left, Fox had one of the most powerful collections of cable assets in the world: Fox News Channel, FX, Fox Sports Net, Fox Movie Channel, National Geographic Television, SPEED and the Fox Reality Channel. Prior to his 1996 appointment, Chernin served four years as chairman and chief executive officer of Fox Filmed Entertainment where he oversaw all aspects of the studio's worldwide feature-film production, marketing and distribution activities. From 1989 to 1992, Chernin was president of entertainment for the Fox Broadcasting Company, while programming grew from two to all seven nights of the week during that span.
It was rumored in the media that Chernin was going to leave his position at News Corp. by June 2009, when his contract expired, and that he would be replaced in the position by media executive James Murdoch, the youngest son of Rupert Murdoch. On February 24, 2009, the Wall Street Journal reported that Peter Chernin made the decision to leave News Corporation after 20 years, to pursue independent entrepreneurial ventures. On June 4, 2009 Chase Carey was named Chernin's successor at his position.
Chernin was approached in October 2010 by the Tribune Company to be either CEO or chairman of the board. There was also media speculation about Chernin's having a role in Yahoo!'s future after Carol Bartz's abrupt departure in September 2011. At the
All Things Digital's AsiaD Conference
in Hong Kong on October 20, 2011, Chernin dismissed that he was interested in pursuing opportunities with the company.
TCG
Since his departure from News Corp. in 2009, Chernin has been the chairman of his own company, The Chernin Group (TCG). TCG's current assets include Chernin Entertainment, an entertainment production company; a majority stake in CA Media, an Asia-based media investment company; and several strategic investments in U.S. based technology and media companies including Pandora, Fullscreen, Tumblr, Barstool Sports, and Flipboard.
The company's first feature film Rise of the Planet of the Apes, was released in August 2011. and has grossed more than $480 million at the worldwide box office. Chernin Entertainment produced Parental Guidance, a comedy starring Billy Crystal and Bette Midler, which was released in December 2012, the sci-fi thriller from Joseph Kosinski, Oblivion, starring Tom Cruise, and The Heat, starring Melissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock.
TCG launched CA Media in November 2010, which aims to strategically build, manage, and operate media, entertainment, and technology businesses in Asia. In July 2011, CA Media invested in the Hong Kong-based mixed martial arts promoter Legend Fighting Championship. In April 2012, CA Media acquired a 49 percent stake in Endemol India with the goal of making it the leading TV, film and digital content production company in India. At the same time CA Media also invested in Only Much Louder, a music, live events and youth media company in India. In April 2014, AT&T partnered with The Chernin Group to invest $500 million in online video services.
In April 2012, Chernin sold a minority stake of TCG to strategic investment partners Providence Equity Partners, a leading private equity firm, and other private investors.
In April 2013, Chernin made a bid of around $500 million for Hulu, an online video streaming service. TCG is listed as an investor in Tumblr, which WSJ.com reported on May 19, 2013, would be sold to Yahoo for US$1.1 Billion. On December 2, 2013, TCG announced that they had acquired the anime streaming site Crunchyroll in an effort to expand their online video assets. The acquisition was rumoured to priced at around $100 million. On January 7, 2016, it was announced by David Portnoy in a video that Chernin Media was acquiring a majority stake in the popular website Barstool Sports and moving the headquarters to New York City.
In 2018, Chernin, Jesse Jacobs, and Michael Kerns of The Chernin Group formed TCG Capital Management, an investment advisory firm. TCG manages private equity investments in the media, entertainment, technology, sports and consumer sectors. That same year, Chernin divested its interest of Crunchyroll to AT&T and folded into WarnerMedia division. Crunchyroll was subsequently sold to Funimation in 2021.
Boards
Chernin sits on the Boards of American Express, serves as a co-chair of University of California, Berkeley's board of visitors, and is a senior advisor to Providence Equity Partners. He is also chairman and co-founder of Malaria No More and a trustee of Malaria No More UK, non-profits dedicated to ending deaths due to malaria. He previously served on the boards of Twitter, Pandora, News Corp, DirecTV, E-Trade, and Friends of the Global Fight Against AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria.
Personal life
Chernin married Megan (née Brody) in 1980.
Politics
Chernin has donated over $100,000 to the Democratic Party, candidates & associated organizations, as well as hosting Barack Obama at his home for a fundraiser in 2013. He also supported Hillary Clinton in the run-up for the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Filmography
He was a producer in all films unless otherwise noted.
Film
Thanks
Television
Miscellaneous crew
As an actor
Production manager
References
External links
1951 births
Living people
20th Century Fox people
American book editors
American book publishers (people)
American chief executives of financial services companies
American businesspeople in the online media industry
American Express people
American financial company founders
American financiers
American people of Jewish descent
American television executives
Businesspeople from New York (state)
Directors of Twitter, Inc.
Film producers from New York (state)
People from Harrison, New York
Presidents of Fox Broadcasting Company Entertainment
Television producers from New York (state)
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
Antti Rajamäki (born 14 July 1952) is a Finnish sprinter. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1952 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Finland
Place of birth missing (living people)
Urban Dance Squad was a Dutch rap rock band formed after what was originally intended as a one-time jam-session at a festival in Utrecht on December 20, 1986. The band consisted of a guitarist, bassist, drummer, rapper, and DJ. Urban Dance Squad was one of the most successful Dutch bands of the nineties, releasing five studio albums.
Career
Urban Dance Squad first got together in 1986, at a jam session in De Vrije Vloer, a club in Utrecht, a jam which resulted in the first Dutch rock band with a rapper (they borrowed the name from Parliament-Funkadelic's Urban Dancefloor Guerillas); a song, "Struggle for Jive"; and the blending of white and black music in the Netherlands, at the same time that Fishbone, Living Colour, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Faith No More, and the Beastie Boys were doing the same in the United States. The band recorded its first album, Mental Floss for the Globe, in Brussels in 1989 (produced by Jean-Marie Aerts, of TC Matic), and came to instant success. It won an Edison Award, and the single "Deeper Shade of Soul" was a hit in Europe, and in the United States, where it charted at number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100. Two more singles were released from the album, and Urban Dance Squad toured the US in 1991, opening for Living Colour--The Pittsburgh Press described their music as "refried Zeppelin riffs and neo-Hendrix guitar solos complete with sound effects and old soul records to produce an exceedingly loud, densely packed, dissonant garage-rock stew." The UDS had always been a volatile unit with the band members frequently arguing, and this came to a head while touring as the opening act for U2, after the release of Life 'n Perspectives of a Genuine Crossover, when DJ DNA quit abruptly.
In the middle of the band's career, to capitalize on the success of grunge and alternative rock, Urban Dance Squad released Persona Non Grata in January 1994. All of the tracks feature heavy use of distortion and guitar. The singles "No Honestly" and "Candy Strip Exp." were released, the latter single being released as a radio edit that cuts most of the pre-song noise.
Artantica saw release in 1999, and was a return to the band's hip-hop roots, and received critical acclaim. Urban Dance Squad disbanded the following year, though they did perform together again as late as 2006.
Music
Urban Dance Squad's music encompassed funk, soul, heavy metal, hip hop, reggae, jazz and ska. The band's music has been classified as rap rock, rap metal, hip hop and funk metal.
Band members
Rudeboy Remington (Patrick Tilon) - vocals
Tres Manos (René van Barneveld) - guitar
Silly Sil (Silvano Matadin) - bass guitar
Magic Stick (Michel Schoots) - drums
DJ DNA (Arjen de Vreede) - turntables (1987-1993, 1997-2000, 2006)
U-Gene - keyboards (1996-1997)
Discography
Albums/Compilations
Mental Floss for the Globe (1989)
Life 'n Perspectives of a Genuine Crossover (1991)
Persona Non Grata (1994)
Planet Ultra (1996)
Beograd Live (1997)
Artantica (1999)
The Singles Collection (2006)
Singles/EPs
Other media
Film
"Fast Lane" appears in the 1990 film Pump Up the Volume but does not appear on the soundtrack album.
The song "Good Grief" appears on the soundtrack of the 1995 film Hackers, and the band has a cameo appearance in the film with the same song.
The song "Demagogue" appears on the soundtrack of the 2001 film Crazy/Beautiful and in 2003 on Gigli.
Documentary
5 jaar wanorde (5 years of mayhem) is a two-part documentary about Urban Dance Squad by director Bram van Splunteren for VPRO's Onrust, originally broadcast in 1992.
References
Frans Steensma (ed), "OOR's Eerste Nederlandse Pop-encyclopedie" (12th edition, Amsterdam, 2000)
Dutch rock music groups
Dutch hip hop groups
Rap rock groups
Rap metal musical groups
Funk metal musical groups
Virgin Records artists
Arista Records artists
Musical groups established in 1986
1986 establishments in the Netherlands
Musical groups from Utrecht (city)
Hemiphyllodactylus goaensis, the Goan slender gecko, is a species of gecko. It is endemic to India.
References
Hemiphyllodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Endemic fauna of India
Reptiles of India
Thibaut Privat (born 4 February 1979) is a former French international rugby union player. He played as a Lock for AS Béziers, Montferrand and Montpellier.
He was called up as an injury replacement for Olivier Brouzet at the 2003 Rugby World Cup.
Honours
Selected to represent France, 2001–2005
Grand Slam 2002
French rugby champion, 2010 with Montferrand
European Challenge Cup 2007 with Montferrand
French Championship finalist 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010 with Montferrand
References
External links
EPC Rugby profile
1979 births
French rugby union players
Living people
France international rugby union players
ASM Clermont Auvergne players
Montpellier Hérault Rugby players
Sportspeople from Nîmes
Rugby union locks
AS Béziers Hérault players
Lyon OU players
Dragan Mrđa (; born 23 January 1984) is a former Serbian footballer who played as a forward. At international level he has represented Serbia.
Club career
Early career
After spending many years of his youth playing with Red Star Belgrade, during which he was loaned to FK Jedinstvo Ub, he decided to accept a challenge that came from Belgium and moved to Lierse S.K. in August 2005. In the summer of 2006, he was loaned to another Belgian First Division club, S.V. Zulte Waregem before moving to Russia to play with Premier League club FC Khimki.
Vojvodina
After one season in Russia, he returned to Serbia to join FK Vojvodina in the Serbian SuperLiga. In spite of arriving to the club off of dry spells in Belgium and Russia, he became Vojvodina's captain after a remarkably short period of time due to a spontaneous explosion of good form. His prolific goal-scoring with Vojvodina earned him calls from the Serbian national team from 2008, having been called up for a friendly against Bulgaria and another friendly match against Austria which took place the same year. By the end of the 2009–10 season, Mrđa had scored 22 goals in 29 league games and was named SuperLiga Player of the Year.
Sion
After two seasons spent in Novi Sad, in summer 2010, he signed a 3-year contract with Swiss side FC Sion. In March 2011 in a match against FC Zürich he suffered a serious knee injury which kept him out of football for six months.
Return to Red Star Belgrade
After seasons spent in Sion, Mrđa returned to the club at which he debuted professionally, signing a two-year contract with Red Star Belgrade. On September 29, 2013, he scored a hat-trick in a 5-0 win against FK Spartak Subotica. On November 23, 2013, he scored another hat-trick in a 4–1 win against FK Sloboda Užice, becoming Red Star's highest goal-scorer of the half-season.
Omiya Ardija
On 1 July 2014, Mrđa joined J. League Division 1 club Omiya Ardija. Mrđa scored on his debut on 19 July 2014 helping them to earn a 3–3 draw against Sanfrecce Hiroshima. He played 18 times for Omiya in the 2014 as they suffered relegation to the Division 2.
International career
Mrđa was a part of the Serbian U21 team that made it to the final of the 2007 UEFA European Under-21 Championship, where he scored coming off the bench against the Netherlands U21 side. By the end of the championship he had scored a total of two goals, which was on level with the likes of Ryan Babel. Mrđa scored two goals for the Serbian national team in a 3–0 friendly win against Japan on April 7, 2010. He was then called up by Radomir Antić to Serbia's squad at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, although Mrđa ended up not playing a single game in the competition.
Career statistics
Club
Updated to 23 February 2017.
International
International goals
References
External links
Dragan Mrđa at UEFA
1984 births
Living people
People from Vršac
Serbian footballers
Association football forwards
Serbia youth international footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
Serbia international footballers
Red Star Belgrade footballers
FK Jedinstvo Ub players
Lierse S.K. players
S.V. Zulte Waregem players
FC Khimki players
FK Vojvodina players
FC Sion players
Omiya Ardija players
Shonan Bellmare players
NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005) players
Belgian First Division A players
Russian Premier League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Swiss Super League players
J1 League players
J2 League players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Serbian expatriates in Belgium
Serbian expatriates in Russia
Serbian expatriates in Switzerland
Serbian expatriates in Japan
Serbian expatriates in Slovenia
2010 FIFA World Cup players
Máximo González was the defending champion, but lost to Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo in the first round.
Andrej Martin won the title defeating Albert Montañés in the final, 0–6, 6–4, 7–6(8–6), after saving one match point in the tie-break.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
References
ATP Challenger 2001 Team Padova - Singles
Kora Boufflert (born Sommerfeld on 23 April 1966 at the Havre) is a former French athlete, who specialized in race walking.
Biography
Very early on attracted by the ultra-distance walk racing (145 km at the 24 hour walk of Rouen in 1987), she also had a career in speed walking.
In 1993 and 1994 she won two caps for France for the 10km walk. In 1994 and 1995 she beat the world records for the 100 km walk (10h13:56 at Roubaix on 9 October 1994) and the 50 km< walk (4h41:57 on 17 September 1995).
She won Paris-Colmar Women's walk race (25-27 May 1995) covering the 333 km course in 45h02.
Having achieved her sporting goals, she stopped high-level competition for several years.
Upon her return, she retook her place at the top of the hierarchy of ultra-distance walk racing. On 24 April 2005, at Bar le Duc, she established a new standard for long distance walking. She covered 170 km in 19 h 56 min 41 s, and in 2006 she won a second female Paris-Colmar race walk.
In 2007, she competed in the male Paris-Colmar walk. She ended at 7th place covering 451 km in 63h16.
The following years she turned to the 24 hours race walk. She received 2 new international selections in 2008 and 2009, and she walked 224 km 440m on 1 May 2008 at the 24 h Brive race walk.
Personal Bests
3 000 m walk : 13 min 33 s 8
5 000 m walk : 23 min 51 s 5
10 km walk : 48 min 48 s
20 km walk : 1 h 43 min 15 s
50 km walk : 4 h 41 min 57 s
100 km walk : 10 h 13 min 56 s
170 km walk : 19 h 56 min 41 s
24 h course : 224.440 km
References
Kora Boufflert profile on all athletics
1966 births
Living people
French female racewalkers
Sportspeople from Le Havre
Leonid Mykolayovych Shmuts (, ; born October 8, 1948 in Nikopol) is a retired Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1970.
International career
Shmuts made his debut for USSR on February 19, 1971 in a friendly against Mexico national football team. He was selected for the 1970 FIFA World Cup squad, but did not play in any games at the tournament.
Own goal
Shmuts is well known for the own goal that he scored in the Soviet league game against FC Ararat Yerevan on April 17, 1971. Shumts was going to throw the ball to his teammate and had already taken his hand with the ball back, but suddenly noticed that an Ararat player could intercept the ball and stopped the movement. The ball left his hand and crossed the goal line. That was the only goal in the game. This mistake was a heavy blow for the goalkeeper who never returned to his previous level of playing and never played again for the national team.
External links
Profile
1948 births
Living people
People from Nikopol, Ukraine
Ukrainian footballers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Arsenal Kyiv players
Soviet Top League players
1970 FIFA World Cup players
Association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
XHHIH-FM is a radio station on 102.5 FM in Ojinaga, Chihuahua. The station is owned by Sistema Radio Lobo and carries a grupera format known as La Ley 102.5.
History
XHHIH was awarded to Amalia Guadalupe Quiñones Armendáriz on October 10, 1988. López de la Rocha became concessionaire in 2006.
References
Radio stations in Chihuahua
was a after Keiun and before Reiki. This period spanned the years from January 708 through September 715. The reigning monarch was Empress Genmei (元明天皇, Genmei-tennō).
Change of era
708 : The new era name Wadō (meaning "Japanese copper") was created because a high quality copper mine was discovered in Chichibu in Musashi Province, what is now known as former Wado Mine. The previous era ended and the new one commenced in the spring of Keiun 5, on the 11th day of the 1st month of 708.
The Japanese word for copper is ; and since this was indigenous copper, the "wa" (the ancient Chinese term for Japan) could be combined with the "dō" (copper) to create a new composite term -- "wadō"—meaning "Japanese copper". A mint was established in the province of Ōmi; and the Wadō era is famous for the coin , which is recognized as the first Japanese currency. -- see image of Wadō Kaichin from Japan Mint Museum
Events of the Wadō era
5 May 708 (Wadō 1, 11th day of the 4th month): A sample of the newly discovered copper from Musashi was presented in Gemmei's court where it was formally acknowledged as Japanese copper.
708 (Wadō 1, 3rd month): is named Udaijin (Minister of the Right). Iso-kami Marō is Sadaijin (Minister of the Left).
709 (Wadō 2, 3rd month): There was an uprising against governmental authority in Mutsu Province and in Echigo Province. Troops were promptly dispatched to subdue the revolt.
709 (Wadō 2, 5th month): Ambassadors arrived from Silla, bringing an offer of tribute. He visited Fujiwara no Fuhito to prepare the way for further visits.
710 (Wadō 3, 3rd month): Empress Gemmei established her official residence in Nara, which was known then as Heijō-kyō. In the last years of the Mommu's reign, the extensive preparations for this projected move had begun; but the work could not be completed before the late-emperor's untimely death. Shortly after the nengō was changed to Wadō, an imperial rescript was issued concerning the establishment of a new capital at the Heijō-kyō at Nara in Yamato Province. It had been customary since ancient times for the capital to be moved with the beginning of each new reign. However, Emperor Monmu decided not to move the capital, preferring instead to stay at the Fujiwara Palace which had been established by Empress Jitō.
Wadō 5, 1st month, 28th day (711): Ō no Yasumaro completes the Kojiki
712 (Wadō 5): The Mutsu Province was separated from Dewa Province.
713 (Wadō 6, 3rd month): Tanba Province was separated from Tango Province; Mimasaka Province was divided from Bizen Province; and Hyūga Province was divided from Ōsumi Province.
Wadō 6, 5th month, 2nd day (713): imperial decree to compile Fudoki
713 (Wadō 6): The road which traverses Mino Province and Shinano Province was widened to accommodate travelers; and the road was widened in the Kiso District of modern Nagano Prefecture.
After Empress Gemmei transferred the seat of her government to Nara, this mountain location remained the capital throughout the succeeding seven reigns. In a sense, the years of the Nara period developed into one of the more significant consequences of her comparatively short reign. After reigning for eight years, Empress Genmei abdicated in favor of her daughter.
Notes
References
Brown, Delmer M. and Ichirō Ishida, eds. (1979). Gukanshō: The Future and the Past. Berkeley: University of California Press. ;
Hioki, Eigō. (2007). . Tōkyō: Kokusho Kankōkai. ;
Ponsonby-Fane, Richard Arthur Brabazon. (1959). The Imperial House of Japan. Kyoto: Ponsonby Memorial Society.
Nussbaum, Louis-Frédéric and Käthe Roth. (2005). Japan encyclopedia. Cambridge: Harvard University Press. ;
Titsingh, Isaac. (1834). Nihon Odai Ichiran; ou, Annales des empereurs du Japon. Paris: Royal Asiatic Society, Oriental Translation Fund of Great Britain and Ireland.
Varley, H. Paul. (1980). A Chronicle of Gods and Sovereigns: Jinnō Shōtōki of Kitabatake Chikafusa. New York: Columbia University Press. ;
External links
National Diet Library, "The Japanese Calendar" -- historical overview plus illustrative images from library's collection
Japanese eras
8th century in Japan
708 beginnings
715 endings
Frank Edwin Salmon (born 8 June 1962) is an English architectural historian based at the University of Cambridge, where he was the President of St John's College Cambridge until 2019. He is also a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries, a Trustee of Sir John Soane's Museum and a member of Historic England's Expert Advisory Group.
Biography and works
Salmon was born in Ipswich and educated at Northgate Grammar School for Boys, Downing College, Cambridge, and the Courtauld Institute of Art. He taught at the University of Manchester from 1989 to 2002 and as Adjunct Associate Professor for Yale University's Paul Mellon Centre for Studies in British Art in London from 2002 to 2006. Since then he has taught in the Department of History of Art at Cambridge, where he succeeded David Watkin. He has been a Fellow of St John's College, Cambridge, since 2006.
He won the Hawksmoor Essay Medal of the Society of Architectural Historians of Great Britain in 1992. In 2001 his book Building on Ruins was joint winner of the Whitfield Prize of the Royal Historical Society, and it also won the 2002 Spiro Kostof Prize of the American Society of Architectural Historians. In 2006 Salmon was the invited Plenary Speaker in Savannah, Georgia, at the annual meeting of the Society.
Salmon's reassessment of William Kent's public architecture, including unbuilt designs for new Houses of Parliament of the 1730s, appeared in William Kent: Designing Georgian Britain (2013), the book that accompanied the major William Kent exhibition held at the Bard Graduate from Center, New York, and the Victoria and Albert Museum, London, in 2014.
Salmon has served as Chairman of the Society of Architectural Historians of Great Britain (2003-2006) and as Chairman of the Faculty of Archaeology, History and Letters of the British School at Rome (2006-2011). The Rickman Society, a graduate architectural history discussion group named after Thomas Rickman, author of An Attempt to Discriminate the Styles of English Architecture (1817) and designer of the ‘Wedding Cake' New Court and the Bridge of Sighs at St John's College, Cambridge, meets in Salmon's rooms at St John's.
He is married to art historian Catharine MacLeod, Curator of Seventeenth-Century Collections at the National Portrait Gallery, London, and has two children.
Publications
Building on Ruins: The Rediscovery of Rome and English Architecture, Ashgate, 2000
Summerson and Hitchcock: Centenary Essays on Architectural Historiography, ed., Yale University Press, 2006
The Persistence of the Classical: Essays on Architecture Presented to David Watkin, ed., Philip Wilson Publishers, 2008
References
Architecture educators
1962 births
Living people
British architectural historians
Fellows of St John's College, Cambridge
Writers from Ipswich
People educated at Northgate Grammar School, Ipswich
Alumni of Downing College, Cambridge
Alumni of the Courtauld Institute of Art
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Lesley Beck (born 10 July 1964 in Glasgow) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics and in the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Beck finished in 10th place in the Women's Slalom at the 1987 Alpine World Ski Championships. Her height is 152 cm. She is affiliated to the Bearsden Ski Club in Glasgow.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Glasgow
Scottish female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
John Moses Barlow (May 17, 1833 – April 29, 1903) was an American businessman and politician.
Barlow was born in Lee, Massachusetts and went to the Lee public schools. In 1851, Barlow moved to East Troy, Wisconsin and was involved in the mercantile business. He also lived in Medina, New York and Mukwonago, Wisconsin. In 1870, Barlow settled in New Lisbon, Wisconsin. He was involved in the mercantile business in New Lisbon. Barlow served on the New Lisbon Village Board and as village president. He served on the Juneau County Board of Supervisors and was chairman of the county board. Barlow served in the Wisconsin Assembly from 1899 to 1903 and was a Republican. Barlow died from cancer of the stomach in New Lisbon, Wisconsin.
Notes
External links
1833 births
1903 deaths
People from Lee, Massachusetts
People from New Lisbon, Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin city council members
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Deaths from stomach cancer
Deaths from cancer in Wisconsin
People from East Troy, Wisconsin
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
Maria Isadora Bianca Soler Umali (; born March 2, 2000) is a Filipino actress.
Early life
Maria Isadora Bianca Soler Umali was born on March 2, 2000, in Parañaque. She is her parents' only child, though she has older half-siblings from her parents' respective past relationships: two half-sisters from her mother and three half-brothers and one half-sister from her father. She was raised under the care of her paternal grandmother. Her mother died of breast cancer in 2005 while her father died of a heart attack five years later. Though her hometown is Parañaque, Umali also has relatives in Malolos, Bulacan. She studied the high school curriculum at Veritas Parochial School (now Veritas Catholic School) in Parañaque City.
Career
Commercial model and endorser
Umali started her career as a commercial model when she was only two years old, and she was seen in several television commercials such as EQ Diapers' "Miss Universe" commercial and a commercial for Nestle Ice Cream. She was also a product endorser of Natasha, a clothing brand for children, when she was still a kid.
In 2021, Umali joined the Bench family (a retail brand of clothing, bags, accessories, footwear and fragrances).
Hosting and acting stints
In 2009, when she was 9 years old, Umali became one of the hosts of Tropang Potchi – a children's show – and she signed an exclusive contract under GMA Network. In the same year, she portrayed the role of young Nancy Rosales on the TV series Kaya Kong Abutin Ang Langit and had a cameo role as an orphan on Darna. In 2011, Umali signed a management contract under GMA Artist Center (GMAAC).
Recording artist
In 2018, Umali signed a recording contract under GMA Records.
Discography
Singles
Filmography
Television
TV series
Anthologies
TV specials
Various shows
Film
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
21st-century Filipino actresses
Actresses from Metro Manila
Filipino child actresses
Filipino female models
Filipino film actresses
Filipino people of Spanish descent
Filipino television actresses
Participants in Philippine reality television series
Tagalog people
Members of Iglesia ni Cristo
Converts to Unitarianism from Catholicism
People from Parañaque
GMA Music artists
The Evansville Purple Aces are the intercollegiate sports teams and players of the University of Evansville, located in Evansville, Indiana. The Aces athletic program is a member of the Missouri Valley Conference and competes at the NCAA's Division I level. Evansville's mascot is Ace Purple, and the school colors are purple, white and orange.
Prior to joining Division I in 1977, the Aces were in the Division II men's basketball championship tournaments 15 of 20 years and won the title in 1959, '60, '64, '65, and '71.
Sports sponsored
Moores Hill College moved to Evansville and became Evansville College in 1919. The athletics program was begun with the opening of the new campus.
A member of the Missouri Valley Conference, the University of Evansville sponsors teams in seven men's and nine women's NCAA sanctioned sports.
Baseball
Five players from the Purple Aces baseball team have appeared in Major League Baseball: Andy Benes, Sal Fasano, Jamey Carroll, Kyle Freeland, and Rob Maurer.
Men's basketball
The University of Evansville athletics department was built upon a foundation of success in men's basketball. In the early years of the men's basketball program the Purple Aces appeared in the NAIA national tournament. The Purple Aces appeared 4 times in the NAIA Tournament (1941, 1942, 1951, and 1955). The Purple Aces had a NAIA tournament record of 3–4. The furthest distance Evansville got in the NAIA tournaments was in third round (NAIA Quarterfinals) in 1951, only to lose to Regis University (Colo.) 70–68.
Shortly after the 1955 season the Purple Aces would move up to the NCAA College Division, now called NCAA Division II. The Evansville Purple Aces won five national championships in the NCAA College Division: 1959, 1960, 1964, 1965 (29–0 record) and 1971. These ranks second all-time.
In 1977 UE began playing in NCAA Division I athletics. That same year on December 13, a chartered DC-3 carrying the entire UE basketball team crashed in a field near the Evansville Regional Airport en route to a game against Middle Tennessee State. Every member of the team and coaching staff on the plane was killed. Legendary Aces coach Arad McCutchan, had retired after the previous season and was not on the plane. McCutchan was the first NCAA College Division coach selected to the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame. One player was not able to attend the game and thus was not on the plane; not long after the plane crash, however, the player who was not on the plane was killed in a car accident along with his younger brother.
Tremendous community support brought back the basketball program the next year. Brad Leaf played for the Evansville Purple Aces from 1979 to 1982, and was a co-captain in his last year. As a sophomore, he set the then-Evansville season free throw percentage record at 81.1%. In 1981–82, he led the school to its first NCAA Division I tournament. He was the school's first All-American in NCAA Division I. Leaf was 5th in school history in field goals (621), 6th in field goal percentage (52.2%), 7th in points (1,605), and 9th in free throws (363).
Evansville was a charter member of the Midwest Collegiate Conference, now known as the Horizon League. The Aces won or shared the MCC regular season title in 1982, 1987, 1989, 1992, and 1993. They also won the conference tournament title in 1982, 1992, and 1993. The Aces are now a member of the Missouri Valley Conference, and won the 1999 regular season title.
The Purple Aces have made five trips to the NCAA Men's basketball tournament (1982, 1989, 1992, 1993, 1999), two trips to the NIT (1988, 1994), three trips to the CollegeInsider.com (CIT) tournament (2009, 2013, and Champions in 2015), and two trips to the College Basketball Invitational (CBI) tournament (2011 and 2012).
On November 12, 2019, the Evansville team took down the #1 ranked University of Kentucky basketball team in UK's home of Rupp Arena, gaining national and global prestige for the upset.
Women's basketball
The University of Evansville women's basketball team (historically the Lady Aces, though now also known as Purple Aces) have made two trips to the NCAA basketball tournament (1999, 2009).
Football
The University of Evansville first fielded a football team in 1898. Known early on as the 49ers, Evansville played in the NCAA College Division through 1975, after which they played as an NCAA Division III non-scholarship program. They were champions of the Ohio Valley Conference in 1948 (shared with Morehead State) with a 6–3 (3–1 OVC) record and 1949 with an 8–2–1 (3–1–1 OVC) mark.
Following new NCAA regulations requiring university football and basketball teams to compete at the same division, Evansville became a charter member of the Pioneer Football League (PFL), an NCAA Division I non-scholarship league. They remained PFL members until their shut down following the 1997 season. Citing financial difficulties and a belief that the PFL was not sustainable, the Purple Aces closed the doors on their football program after almost a century on the gridiron. Evansville's all-time record stands at 268–381–26.
Talk has existed since about 2007 about upgrading football again to a fully funded NCAA Division I team, but, after a year of investigation, the Board of Trustees voted against this in October 2012 as currently being too expensive.
See also
Sports in Evansville
References
External links
A reef knoll is a land-based landform that comprises an immense pile of calcareous material that accumulated on a previously existing ancient sea floor. At the time of its accumulation it may have had enough structure from organisms such as sponges to have been free-standing and to withstand the sea currents as material accumulated, and was likely an atoll. Another possibility is the remains of deep water coral. Such structures are thus often fossil-rich.
A bioherm is a sedimentary rocky landform enclosed or surrounded by rock of different origin. A biostrome is a distinctly bedded or broadly lenticular sedimentary rocky landform. Krumbein defines these terms as types of stromatolites: "Distinctly bedded, widely extensive, blanketlike build-ups are biostromes. Nodular, biscuit-like, dome-shaped or
columnar stromatolites are also referred to as bioherms".
England
Examples on the Derbyshire/Staffordshire border include Thorpe Cloud and Bunster Hill in southern Dovedale, and also Chrome Hill and Parkhouse Hill at the northern end.
These structures are often most clearly seen where the surrounding rocks are much softer and so can be preferentially eroded. All the Derbyshire examples quoted lie at the edge of the limestone areas; Chrome and Parkhouse lie at the divide between limestone and the much softer shale.
Examples in the Yorkshire Dales lie on the downthrow side (north) of the Mid Craven Fault. There is one set located around Thorpe (Skelterton, Butter Haw, Stebden, Elbolton, Thorpe Kail, Myra Bank and Hartlington Kail); one set located around Malham (Burns Hill, Cawden, and Wedber); and a set around Settle (High Hill and Scaleber).
It was once proposed that in Lancashire, reef knolls could be seen between the villages of Worston and Downham near Clitheroe.
See also
Waulsortian mudmound
References
External links
British Geological Survey website, on Chrome, Parkhouse and Derbyshire atolls
Landforms
Jordanian Communist Toilers Party (in Arabic: Hizb al-Shaghghilah al-Shuyu'iyah al-Urduni, حزب الشغّيلة الشيوعية الأردني) was a communist political party in Jordan. The party was founded in 1997, through a split in the Jordanian Communist Party (JCP). The party used the name Jordanian Communist Party until it registered with the Jordanian authorities with the name Jordanian Communist Toilers Party. The party was considered more orthodox in its ideology than JCP.
See also
List of political parties in Jordan
References
1997 establishments in Jordan
Communist parties in Jordan
Defunct socialist parties in Jordan
Political parties established in 1997
Political parties with year of disestablishment missing
Secularism in Jordan
Agronomía is a barrio or district in the centre part of City of Buenos Aires, Argentina. It gets its name from the University of Buenos Aires Faculty of Agronomy (Facultad de Agronomía, in Spanish) based in the neighborhood. Its boundaries are Avenida San Martín, Campana, Avenida Salvador María del Carril, Avenida de los Constituyentes, and Avenida Chorroarín.
Parque Chas was previously a part of Agronomía, but was awarded barrio status in December 2005.
History
The fields were originally property of the Society of Jesus, and they were called Chacra de los jesuitas. When this religious order was expelled in 1769, these fields were taken from the Society of Jesus, and expropriated into the government's control. The government then gave them to the Real Colegio de San Carlos and its successors, one of them being Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires. The first generations stayed there on vacation, for this reason it was known as Chacarita de los Colegiales.
At the end of the 19th century a park was built on these lands. In 1901 the Executive Branch of the government gave 185 hectares (460 acres) for the construction of the park, but 30 of those hectares were to be used for the Estación Agronómica con Granja Modelo (Agronomic Station and Model Farm) and the Escuela de Agricultura (Agricultural School), an educational institution necessary for the agro-export driven development model that the government was following at the time.
The neighbourhood was then formed around the park, which carried a series of names until de Agronomía (of Agronomy) was settled on. The Estación Agronómica (Agronomic Station) also experienced a change of name, becoming the Instituto Superior de Agronomía y Veterinaria (Superior Institute of Agronomy and Veterinarian Science). The Institute was founded on 25 September 1904, and five years later became the Facultad de Agronomía y Veterinaria (Faculty of Agronomy and Veterinary Sciences) of the Universidad de Buenos Aires. In 1984, the two parts of the Faculty split, resulting in the creation of the Faculty of Agronomy and the Faculty of Veterinary Sciences.
Notable sites
The neighbourhood is home to a large complex owned by the University of Buenos Aires, which serves as the site for its Faculty of Agronomy, its Faculty of Veterinary Sciences, and other dependencies, including the Escuela Agropecuaria y Agroalimentaria, a special agronomy-oriented high school. The complex also houses the Villa Ortúzar Meteorological Station, part of the Servicio Meteorológico Nacional. The Faculty of Veterinary Sciences campus is also home to two museums, one of dedicated to animal anatomy and the other of to surgical pathologies. The Faculty of Agronomy, in addition, contains the Agricultural Machinery Museum and a project titled "Del Campo a la Ciudad" (From the Countryside to the City), a 16 hectare farm used for educational purposes.
Another notable building is the former house of Julio Cortázar, a famous Argentine writer, who lived in an apartment at Artigas 3246. Currently, a street in the neighbourhood carries his name.
References
Neighbourhoods of Buenos Aires
Dianthus lusitanus is a species of Dianthus native to the Iberian Peninsula, and to the Atlas Mountains of Morocco and Algeria. A hardy tussock-forming perennial growing on rocky slopes, in times past its numerous stems were used to make brooms.
Subspecies
A subspecies has been described:
Dianthus lusitanus subsp. sidi-tualii (Font Quer) Dobignard
References
lusitanus
Plants described in 1804
"Teenage Kicks" is the debut single by Northern Irish punk rock band the Undertones. Written in the summer of 1977 by the band's principal songwriter, the song was recorded on 15 June 1978 and initially released that September on independent Belfast record label Good Vibrations, before the band signed to Sire Records on 2 October 1978. Sire Records subsequently obtained all copyrights to the material released upon the Teenage Kicks EP and the song was re-released as a standard vinyl single on Sire's own label on 14 October that year, reaching number 31 in the UK Singles Chart two weeks after its release
The single was not included upon the original May 1979 release of the band's debut album The Undertones; however, the October 1979 re-release of this debut album included both "Teenage Kicks" and the Undertones' second single, "Get Over You".
Influential BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel is known to have repeatedly stated "Teenage Kicks" to be his all-time favourite song from 1978 until his death in 2004. When he first played the song on his show on 25 September, he played the song twice (something he had never previously done). Peel also specifically requested sections of the lyrics of the song be engraved upon his tombstone. The song has also been ranked as the second best indie song of all time in a 2016 poll conducted by an alternative music radio station (after "Freak Scene" by Dinosaur Jr.).
In 2008, the song served as the theme song to the ITV sitcom of the same name.
Impact
John Peel
Upon first hearing "Teenage Kicks" in September 1978, BBC Radio 1 DJ John Peel is reported to have burst into tears, and readily admitted to still being moved to tears upon hearing the song in interviews granted to journalists up until his death. To judge songs he had heard for the first time as to worthiness of airplay upon his show, Peel often rated new bands' songs with a series of asterisks, with each song judged upon a scale of one to five asterisks: Peel was so taken by "Teenage Kicks", he awarded the song 28 stars. On one occasion, he is known to have played the song twice in a row, with the explanation given to his audience being, "It doesn't get much better than this."
In a 2001 interview given to The Guardian, Peel stated that apart from his name, the only words he wished to be engraved upon his gravestone were the opening lyrics to "Teenage Kicks": "Teenage dreams so hard to beat?"
In February 2008, a headstone engraved with these words was placed on his grave in the Suffolk village of Great Finborough.
In 2004, a mural in tribute to Peel, featuring the opening line of "Teenage Kicks", appeared on a Belfast flyover.
Documentaries
Teenage Kicks - The Undertones is a 2001 documentary film directed by Tom Collins.
Here Comes the Summer: The Undertones Story is a 2012 BBC-commissioned documentary focusing upon the Undertones. The documentary was broadcast on BBC Four in September that year. This documentary also features interviews with current and former members of the Undertones (excluding Feargal Sharkey) in addition to fans, friends and additional personnel involved in the band's recordings and career.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
Covers
"Teenage Kicks" was acoustically covered by Snow Patrol in a tribute to John Peel, and was played at his funeral.
Busted covered "Teenage Kicks" on their second album A Present for Everyone released on 17 November 2003.
All-male pop group One Direction covered "Teenage Kicks" (in a medley with Blondie's single "One Way or Another") for the 2013 Comic Relief single "One Way or Another (Teenage Kicks)".
Notes
References
External links
2016 Guardian news article describing Michael Bradley's recollections of the writing and recording of the "Teenage Kicks" EP
Contemporary article detailing the recording process of the "Teenage Kicks" EP
The Undertones' official website
Songs about teenagers
1978 debut singles
1978 songs
Sire Records singles
Songs written by John O'Neill (guitarist)
The Undertones songs
Ballıbucak is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Demirciler is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Vincent Gamache (born November 18, 1961) is a former American football punter. He played for the Seattle Seahawks in 1986 and for the Los Angeles Raiders in 1987.
References
1961 births
Living people
American football punters
Cal State Fullerton Titans football players
Seattle Seahawks players
Los Angeles Raiders players
National Football League replacement players
Joseph Chetrit is an American real estate investor and developer and founder of the Chetrit Group.
Early life
Chetrit was born to a Jewish family in Morocco to Simon and Alice Chetrit. He has four brothers: David, Meyer, Jacob and Juda Chetrit. The Chetrit family made their initial fortune in textiles and shipping. In 1996, his father and his brother David were arrested and jailed in Morocco for smuggling and were cited as an example of injustice by the U.S. State Department in their annual human rights report. They were pardoned and released in 1998.
Career
Chetrit arrived in the United States initially tasked with furthering the family's textile business working as an importer/exporter. After pleading guilty to one felony count of violating customs laws in 1990 (and being sentenced to three years' probation), he turned to real estate assembling a portfolio of outer-borough residential properties which he sold for $70 million in the early 1990s. In 1994, he entered into his first commercial real estate transaction, purchasing an office building on West 44th Street for $13 million. In 2002, he partnered with Brooklyn-based Simon Dushinsky's Rabsky Group to develop a portfolio of properties he purchased out of bankruptcy in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. In 2004, Chetrit was the lead investor in a group that purchased the 110-story Sears Tower in Chicago for $840 million with partners Joseph Moinian, and Israel Gluck, eventually changing the name to the Willis Tower in 2009.
Other purchases include Park West Village on the Upper West Side, the International Toy Center on Madison Square Park, 500 and 512 Seventh Ave. in the Garment District, and the Caledonian Hospital complex in Sunset Park, Brooklyn. In 2009, Chetrit purchased a portion of the real estate portfolio of prolific Brooklyn real estate developer Isaac Hager who declared bankruptcy.
In 2011, after a disagreement, the Chetrit brothers divided the family business into two entities with Joseph and Meyer operating under the Chetrit Group; and Jacob and Juda under the Chetrit Organization. Also in 2011, partnering with David Bistricer, he purchased the Chelsea Hotel for $80 million; they sold their interest in 2013.
In 2013, he and his partner David Bistricer, purchased the Sony Tower in New York City for $1.1 billion with plans to convert the building into condominiums. In 2016, they halted the project due to fears of an over-supply of luxury housing; instead selling the building for $1.4B+ to the Olayan Group of Saudi Arabia. Additional projects include the renovation of 5 Beekman Street with Charles Dayan; and the $290 million 2005 purchase along with partners Charles Dayan and Yair Levy of the 800,000 square foot historic 620 5th Avenue and its 2011 sale to RXR Realty, LLC for $500 million;
As an investor who made his primary wealth from buying low in a downturn and selling high later, Chetrit's strategy has been market timing rather than development. He typically selects structures with flexible zoning (which broadens the pool of future purchasers) in areas seeing a downturn and thanks to his minimal use of debt, he has the ability to wait the market out. At times this approach creates conflict with local businesses who want immediate change.
Personal life
Chetrit and his wife Nancy have four children, Jonathan Chetrit, Daniel Chetrit, Samuel Chetrit and Michael Chetrit. Chetrit speaks four languages: Arabic, Hebrew, French, and English. Chetrit practices Orthodox Judaism. He lives in New York City.
References
American real estate businesspeople
Businesspeople from New York City
20th-century Moroccan Jews
Moroccan emigrants to the United States
Living people
1957 births
The Kozeny–Carman equation (or Carman–Kozeny equation or Kozeny equation) is a relation used in the field of fluid dynamics to calculate the pressure drop of a fluid flowing through a packed bed of solids. It is named after Josef Kozeny and Philip C. Carman. The equation is only valid for creeping flow, i.e. in the slowest limit of laminar flow. The equation was derived by Kozeny (1927) and Carman (1937, 1956) from a starting point of (a) modelling fluid flow in a packed bed as laminar fluid flow in a collection of curving passages/tubes crossing the packed bed and (b) Poiseuille's law describing laminar fluid flow in straight, circular section pipes.
Equation
The equation is given as:
where:
is the pressure drop;
is the total height of the bed;
is the superficial or "empty-tower" velocity;
is the viscosity of the fluid;
is the porosity of the bed;
is the sphericity of the particles in the packed bed;
is the diameter of the volume equivalent spherical particle.
This equation holds for flow through packed beds with particle Reynolds numbers up to approximately 1.0, after which point frequent shifting of flow channels in the bed causes considerable kinetic energy losses.
This equation is a partial case of the Darcy's law stating that "flow is proportional to the pressure drop and inversely proportional to the fluid viscosity".
Combining these equations gives the final Kozeny equation for absolute (single phase) permeability
is the porosity of the bed (or core plug) [fraction]
is average diameter of sand grains [m]
is absolute (i.e. single phase) permeability [m^2]
is the [sphericity] of the particles in the packed bed = 1 for spherical particles
The combined proportionality and unity factor has typically average value of 0.8E6 /1.0135 from measuring many naturally occurring core plug samples, ranging from high to low clay content, but it may reach a value of 3.2E6 /1.0135 for clean sand. The denominator is included explicitly to remind us that permeability is defined using [atm] as pressure unit while reservoir engineering calculations and reservoir simulations typically use [bar] as pressure unit.
History
The equation was first proposed by Kozeny (1927) and later modified by Carman (1937, 1956). A similar equation was derived independently by Fair and Hatch in 1933. A comprehensive review of other equations has been published
See also
Fractionating column
Random close pack
Raschig ring
Ergun equation
References
Equations of fluid dynamics
Unit operations
Porous media
This Iz the Japanese Kabuki Rock is the sixth studio album by Miyavi. It was released on March 19, 2008. A limited edition was released on SHM-CD, a supposedly high-quality CD format developed by Universal, and includes a DVD featuring music videos and documentary footage. The album is advertised as the "final stage" of Miyavi's recent "Neo Visualizm" theme, and features the artist's performance troupe, the Kavki Boiz, including an MC, various instrumentalists, and other artists. The album charted 25th on Oricon and 27th on Billboard Japan.
The documentary on the second disc features footage of the making-of the album. The film shows a month-by-month breakdown of each song being recorded in various studios.
A working title for "Jpn Pride" was "Azn Pride". Songs that did not make the album or underwent rewriting include "Morning Glory" and "Winding Road". The title of "Azn Pride" was later used for his greatest hits compilation for Korea and Taiwan, titled Azn Pride -This Iz the Japanese Kabuki Rock-.
Track listing
Personnel
Miyavi – vocals, composer, lyricist, vocal percussion, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, electric sitar, Dobro guitar, shamisen, bells, tambourine, Gigpig
Tyko – rapping (1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9), khoomii (5), beatboxing (4)
Hige-chang – bass guitar (1)
Ryo Yamagata – drums (1, 3, 4, 6)
DJ 1/2 – turntable (1, 2, 6, 7, 9, 10)
Saro – tap dancing (1, 8, 9), djembe (6)
Yuko Nakakita – percussion (1, 5, 6, 10)
Isao Murakami – taiko (1)
Masahide Sakuma – bass guitar (2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10), keyboard (8, 10)
Soul Toul – drums (2, 7, 8, 9, 10)
Mitsuru Nasuno – bass guitar (3, 4)
DJ Hanger – turntable (3, 8)
Yoshinari Takegami – saxophone (3)
M.C.A-T – programming (3)
Sugizo – electric guitar (7)
Note: Other than for lyrics and music composition, the album's liner notes offer no credits for the eleventh track "Thanx Givin' Day".
References
2008 albums
Miyavi albums
Universal Music Japan albums
Josh Barlow (born 15 May 1991) is a former Scotland international rugby league footballer who last played for Halifax and the Swinton Lions.
Background
Barlow was born in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England.
Playing career
Barlow started playing rugby league with amateur side King Cross before joining Wigan at the age of 16. He played in the club's academy sides, but failed to make a first-team appearance. He then moved to Australia, where he played in the Illawarra League where he played for Berkeley Eagles and Collegians clubs, but returned to Britain later that year and joined Huddersfield. In autumn 2010, he signed for hometown club Halifax. Barlow left Halifax at the end of the 2012 season to join Swinton.
International
Barlow is a Scotland international, having made his début in 2011. Although not initially named in their squad for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup, he was later called up as a replacement for the injured Jonathan Walker.
In October and November 2014, Barlow played in the 2014 European Cup competition. He played in all of Scotland's fixtures.
References
External links
Swinton Lions profile
1991 births
Living people
English rugby league players
English people of Scottish descent
Halifax R.L.F.C. players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Halifax, West Yorkshire
Scotland national rugby league team players
Swinton Lions players
The Treaty of Zamora (5 October 1143) recognized Portuguese independence from the Kingdom of León. Based on the terms of the accord, King Alfonso VII of León recognized the Kingdom of Portugal in the presence of his cousin King Afonso I of Portugal, witnessed by the papal representative, Cardinal Guido de Vico, at the Cathedral of Zamora. Both kings promised durable peace between their kingdoms. By this treaty Afonso I of Portugal also recognized the suzerainty of the Pope.
This treaty came as of a result of the Battle of Valdevez.
Background
Victorious in the Battle of Ourique, in 1139, Afonso Henriques benefited from the developed action by the archbishop of Braga, D. João Peculiar, in favor of the constitution of the new Kingdom of Portugal. To reconcile Afonso Henriques and his cousin Alfonso VII of León, the archbishop made arrangements for them to meet in Zamora in 4 and 5 of October 1143 in the presence of the cardinal Guido de Vico.
Result
By the terms of the treaty, Alfonso VII agreed that the County of Portugal would become a kingdom, and that D. Afonso Henriques would be its king. The Portuguese sovereignty, recognized by Alfonso VII in Zamora, was only confirmed by Pope Alexander III in 1179, but the title of rex, which D. Afonso Henriques used since 1140, was confirmed at Zamora, when the Portuguese monarch committed, before the cardinal, to consider himself a vassal of the Holy See, being then obliged, himself and his descendants, to pay an annual tithe to the Pope.
From 1143, D. Afonso Henriques would send repentance letters to the Pope declaring himself his lord vassal and committing himself to sending a determined amount of gold every year. The negotiations would last several years, from 1143 to 1179. In 1179, Pope Alexander III would send D. Afonso Henriques the papal bull "Manifestis probatum", in which the Pope accepted that D. Afonso Henriques would pay him direct vassalage, acknowledging definitely the independence of the Kingdom of Portugal without vassalage to Alfonso VII (because a vassal couldn't have two direct lords) and D. Afonso Henriques as first king of Portugal, Afonso I of Portugal.
See also
History of Portugal
List of treaties
Timeline of Portuguese history
References
1143 in Europe
12th century in Portugal
12th-century treaties
Treaties of the Kingdom of León
Zamora
12th century in the Kingdom of León
Sarah K. Peake is an American politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. A Democrat, she has served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives since 2007. She represents the Fourth Barnstable district, a Cape Cod district that includes her hometown of Provincetown. She previously served on the Provincetown Board of Selectmen.
Peake earned an A.B. from Colgate University and a Juris Doctor from Pace University School of Law.
Elected to the Provincetown Board of Selectmen in 2002, she first ran for state representative in 2004, facing Republican incumbent Shirley Gomes. Gomes, running for a sixth term, defeated Peake by 55 percent to 42 percent. When Gomes decided against seeking re-election in 2006, Peake once again ran for the seat. She won the Democratic primary handily against two opponents. In the general election, she faced Republican Aaron Maloy and won by 56 percent to 44 percent. She took office the following January. Seeking a second term in November 2008, she faced former Harwich selectman and Republican nominee Don Howell. She won easily, defeating Howell by 68% to 32%. In 2010, she overcame Orleans selectman and Republican nominee David Dunford, winning 64% of the vote.
In the legislature, she serves as the Vice-Chair of the Joint Committee on Tourism, Arts and Cultural Development, as well as being a member of the House Committee on Post Audit and Oversight and the House Committee on Bonding, Capital Expenditures and State Assets.
Peake is married to Lynn Mogell. She is one of five openly LGBT members of the Massachusetts General Court, alongside Representatives Kate Hogan (D–Stow), Liz Malia (D–Jamaica Plain) and Denise Andrews (D–Orange), as well as Senator Stan Rosenberg (D–Amherst). Her 2006, 2008 and 2010 campaigns won the support of the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund.
See also
2019–2020 Massachusetts legislature
2021–2022 Massachusetts legislature
References
External links
Legislative homepage
Campaign website
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Living people
Lesbian politicians
LGBT state legislators in Massachusetts
Colgate University alumni
Pace University alumni
Women state legislators in Massachusetts
Massachusetts Democrats
People from Provincetown, Massachusetts
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
1957 births
Orfeas Athienou is a Cypriot football club based in Athienou. Founded in 1948, was playing sometimes in Second, in Third and in Fourth Division.
Honours
Cypriot Third Division:
Champions (1): 1985
References
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1948
1948 establishments in Cyprus
Stanton Warburton (April 13, 1865 – December 24, 1926) was a U.S. Representative from Washington.
Life
Born in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania, Warburton moved to Iowa with his parents, who settled in Cherokee in 1868.
He attended the public schools. He was graduated from Cherokee (Iowa) High School in 1884 and from Coe College, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, in 1888. He moved to Tacoma, Washington, in 1888. He studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1889, commencing practice in Tacoma. He served as member of the State senate 1896–1904.
Warburton was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-second Congress (March 4, 1911 – March 3, 1913).
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1912 to the Sixty-third Congress, and afterwards resumed the practice of law in Tacoma, Washington.
He died in Boston, Massachusetts, December 24, 1926, and was interred in Mountain View Burial Park, Tacoma, Washington.
References
1865 births
1926 deaths
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
Jeff Macpherson (born 3 October 1973) is a Canadian filmmaker and video game developer. He is the creator of the web series Tiki Bar TV, co-founder of the gaming company RocketChicken Interactive, Inc. (which produces the game CodeRunner) and co-founder of the startup Motive.io.
On October 14, 2005, during the Macworld 2005 Keynote presentation (which introduced the new iPod with Video) Steve Jobs showcased Tiki Bar TV to the audience as an example of a "Video Podcast" (which, at that point in time, was a relatively new media format) as something that could be loaded onto the new video iPod using Apple's proprietary iTunes software for no charge. The next day, Tiki Bar TV moved to the #1 slot in the iTunes Podcast charts, and as such, Tiki Bar TV was one of the first user generated programs to gain worldwide popularity via the iTunes distribution model.
Prior to Tiki Bar TV, Macpherson was a producer of music videos and television commercials (Toyota, Hyundai, and LG). He was also a writer on two feature films for First Look Home Entertainment and directed the feature, Come Together (2001 Vancouver International Film Festival, New York International Independent Film Festival).
In 2006, Macpherson spoke at the annual conference of the Canadian Film and Television Producers Association on the subject of video podcasts and webseries. He has been featured in Wired magazine, The National Post, CPU Magazine, Times.com, Businessweek, G4's Attack of the Show!, CBC's The National, and CBS News. In July 2006, Macpherson was profiled in Forbes magazine Celebrity100 Issue as "one of the first breakout stars in the world of Internet television".
In 2009, Macpherson founded RocketChicken Interactive, Inc. with former Electronic Arts and Microsoft employees and shipped the game CodeRunner in November 2011.
References
External links
RocketChicken Interactive
CodeRunner
Tiki Bar TV Official Site
Guest on The Lab with Leo Laporte
Official Twitter
Living people
1973 births
Oso Creek is an approximately tributary of Arroyo Trabuco in southern Orange County in the U.S. state of California. Draining about in a region north of the San Joaquin Hills and south of the Santa Ana Mountains, the creek is Trabuco Creek's largest tributary, and is part of the San Juan Creek drainage basin. Beginning in the foothills of the Santa Ana Mountains near the city of Mission Viejo, the creek is dammed twice to form Upper Oso Reservoir and Lake Mission Viejo. The creek is channelized and polluted along much of its length.
"Oso", meaning bear in the Spanish language, was likely the name given to the creek by Spanish conquistadors. Up to the 1970s, the Oso Creek watershed was mostly undeveloped and the creek ephemeral. The watershed lies close to two major wilderness areas - Aliso and Wood Canyons Wilderness Park to the southwest and O'Neill Regional Park to the west, on Trabuco Creek - but has no major parks within its boundaries. Interstate 5 parallels the creek for over half of its length.
Course
The original headwaters of Oso Creek were in a small canyon in the south-central part of the Santa Ana Mountains. A dam was built across this canyon, flooding it to create Upper Oso Reservoir, which now forms the headwaters of the creek, fed by three small seasonal streams. After leaving the reservoir, Oso Creek crosses under California State Route 241 and for the next mile (1.6 km) of its course, it flows through a narrow riparian corridor surrounded by residential areas in the city of Mission Viejo. The creek enters an underground culvert, bends east and south, and enters Lake Mission Viejo, from the mouth.
Downstream of the artificial lake, Oso Creek flows through a golf course, then after flowing through another narrow canyon, receives an unnamed tributary from the left, from the mouth. It then bends slightly to flow southwest and enters a culvert under Marguerite Parkway, emptying into another golf course, from the mouth. The creek then crosses under Interstate 5 and flows between the highway and Camino Capistrano through a series of freshwater marshes. The La Paz Channel, its largest tributary, joins here on the right. It passes the Galivan Basin, which functions to capture floodwaters from Oso Creek, on the right bank, and receives from the right a second unnamed tributary, from the mouth. This tributary actually flows through the Galivan Basin before meeting Oso Creek.
The creek then bends southwest around several shopping centers near the convergence of Interstate 5 and California State Route 73, within the city limits of Laguna Niguel. Near this area, Oso Creek enters a concrete flood control channel with sloping sides, from the mouth. It then flows through a riprap lined channel before entering a concrete box culvert, which runs south under the state route. The creek then spills out into a natural channel, from the mouth, which it has incised to depths of or more, as the interstate bends southeast. Flowing through an agricultural area, the creek bends east to join Trabuco Creek inside San Juan Capistrano.
Watershed
Occupying the west and northwest portions of the San Juan Creek watershed, the Oso Creek watershed comprises about 18% of the San Juan Creek watershed. It includes parts of the cities of Mission Viejo, Laguna Niguel, and San Juan Capistrano. Most of the watershed is used for residential, commercial, and agricultural purposes. Oso Creek runs parallel to Trabuco Creek, while Salt Creek is to the southwest, Sulphur Creek to the west, and Aliso Creek to the northwest.
The southernmost portions of the San Joaquin Hills lie to the west and southwest of the Oso Creek watershed, and the Santa Ana Mountains border it to the north and northeast. The drainage divide between Oso Creek and the Aliso Creek watershed is quite pronounced, connecting the San Joaquin Hills to the Santa Ana Mountains in a northeasterly direction.
Pollution and floods
The creek was formerly ephemeral, but significant amounts of urban runoff that flow uncontrolled into the creek have created a perennial flow, known also as a "nuisance flow". This dry-season flow, which has an average minimum of , has created erosion problems in the few unlined reaches of the creek, as the creek is mostly channelized. A structure exists on Oso Creek that is designed to divert a portion of the flow into the Galivan Basin depending on the specific level of a high inflow. Amounts diverted include during a flow of , and during a flow of .
Erosion problems
In 1991, the continuing erosion along Oso Creek, due to upstream development, had carved a deep canyon from a creek channel that originally "was about 6 feet deep and 6 feet wide". The canyon was threatening to swallow large portions of citrus groves. It begins less than downstream of the Interstate 5/California State Route 73 interchange, where Oso Creek spills out of its concrete channel onto bare ground, and continues downstream to where the creek meets Trabuco Creek.
In early 1993, severe storm erosion damage along Oso Creek threatened sewer lines and a church. On 15 March 2000, 21,000 U.S. gallons (80 m3) overflowed into Oso Creek from a broken sewage pipeline in Mission Viejo.
Streamflow
The USGS operated one stream gauge for ten years from 1971 to 1981 near Mission Viejo, California, specifically near the Crown Valley Parkway crossing, approximately above the confluence with Trabuco Creek and in total above where the water joins San Juan. This gauge recorded an average annual flow of , or per year, with most of the flow occurring between December and March. The highest peak flow was on 16 February 1980, with a gauge height of . The second highest flow was the preceding year, which saw a flow of .
Recreation
The Oso Creek Trail follows the creek for a notable portion of its length, and is said to be the "backbone" of the trail system of the City of Mission Viejo. The paved trail mostly follows a fire road. The trail, however, does not extend to the creek's mouth, as the creek flows through privately owned farmland to its mouth.
See also
References
External links
Oso Creek Trail Map - City of Mission Viejo
Oso Creek Trail - Google Maps
Mission Viejo's Oso Creek - Oso Creek Trail - Trails.com
Santa Ana Mountains
Rivers of Orange County, California
San Juan Creek
Mission Viejo, California
Rivers of Southern California
Barchhain is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4343 living in 675 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Rastorfer Glacier () is a glacier draining south from the Admiralty Mountains and entering upper Tucker Glacier just east of Homerun Range. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photography, 1960–63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for James R. Rastorfer, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) biologist at McMurdo Station in 1967-68 and Palmer Station in 1968–69.
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
Makhdoom Ahmed Mehmood () is a Pakistani businessman and politician who is the chairman of JDW Group. Belonging from Jamal Din Wali Tehsil Sadiqabad of District Rahim Yar Khan, in Punjab. He was elected to the National Assemblies on IJI ticket in 1990–1993, PMLN's ticket from 1993 to 1996 and 1996 to 1999. He was also elected to Punjab Assembly on PML-N ticket from 1988 to 1990, and on PML-F ticket from 2008 to 2012. He remained District Nazim Rahim Yar Khan from 2001 to 2005. In the end of 2012 he left PML-F and joined PPP on desire of then President Asif Ali Zardari who had declared him Governor-designate of Punjab.
Before joining the Peoples Party, he was part of the Muslim League-F, but joined the Peoples Party after settling for the governorship. He left PML-F and became Governor Punjab. Presently, he is the president of PPP South Punjab chapter.
Early life
On 25 December 2012, he took oath as 29th Governor of Punjab. He resigned from the post of the governor on 13 May 2013 after PML-N swept the elections but president rejected the resignation.
References
Pakistan People's Party politicians
1961 births
Allama Iqbal Open University alumni
Living people
Governors of Punjab, Pakistan
Politicians from Karachi
Punjab MPAs 1988–1990
Punjab MPAs 2008–2013
Albert Ganado MOM (born 9 March 1924) is a Maltese lawyer and historian. He is a past president of the Malta Historical Society and the founder and president of the Malta Map Society. He released his memoirs in 2020. Some of his publications have won awards in different categories of the National Book Prize by the National Book Council.
Selected publications
Malta in British and French Caricature 1798 – 1815. Said International, 1989. (With Joseph C. Sammut)
A Study in Depth of 143 Maps Representing the Great Siege of Malta of 1565. Publishers Enterprise Group, 1994. (With Maurice Agius-Vadala)
Palace of the Grand Masters in Valletta. Fondazzjoni Patrimonju Malti, 2001.
Miniature Maps of Malta. Midsea Books, 2009.
German Malta Maps. BDL Publishing, 2011. (With Joseph Schirò)
The Brocktorff Mapmakers. BDL Publishing, 2012. (With Joseph Schirò & Claude Micallef Attard)
Malta in World War II: Contemporary Watercolours by Alfred Gerada. Midsea Books, [2018].
References
Further reading
Liber amicorum: Essays on art, history, cartography, and bibliography in honour of Dr. Albert Ganado. University of Malta, 1994.
External links
Living people
1924 births
Historians of cartography
Maltese historians
20th-century Maltese lawyers
Recipients of the National Order of Merit (Malta)
University of Malta alumni
Yeşilköy is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Johnny Midnight may refer to:
Johnny Midnight (TV series), a 1960 American crime drama
Johnny Midnight (broadcaster) (1941–2014), Filipino radio and television broadcaster
Every Monday Morning is the debut studio album by American country music artist Sarah Darling. It was first released digitally on June 18, 2009 by Black River Entertainment, with a physical CD release following on July 28, 2009.
The album includes the singles "Jack of Hearts" and "Whenever It Rains" as well as the song that initially brought her to the attention of the record's producer Jimmy Nichols, "Stop the Bleeding". Five music videos were also made to promote the release. A deluxe edition of the album was later digitally released on the iTunes Store and included two of these videos in addition to the radio version of "Whenever It Rains" and a previously unreleased song entitled "Everything Girl".
Track listing
Personnel
Shaunna Bolton – background vocals
Spady Brannan – bass guitar
Pat Buchanan – electric guitar
Tom Bukovac – electric guitar
Eric Darken – percussion
Sarah Darling – lead vocals
Jeff Dayton – acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Rick Ferrell – background vocals
Shawn Fichter – drums
Larry Franklin – fiddle
Paul Franklin – steel guitar
Tommy Harden – drums
David Hungate – bass guitar
Tammy Rogers King – fiddle
B. James Lowry – acoustic guitar
Jerry McPherson – electric guitar
Jimmy Nichols – Hammer dulcimer, Fender Rhodes, Hammond B-3 organ, keyboards, piano, synthesizer, Wurlitzer, background vocals
Billy Panda – acoustic guitar
Michael Spriggs – acoustic guitar
Biff Watson – acoustic guitar
References
2009 debut albums
Sarah Darling albums
Black River Entertainment albums
Holiday Shores is a census-designated place in Madison County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 2,882 as of the 2010 census.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in Madison County, Illinois
Census-designated places in Illinois
Goritsa is a hill and an archaeological site in Volos, Greece, immediately east of the city centre. It was examined in the early 1970s by a Dutch team of archaeologists, revealing a planned ancient city with a regular street grid covering most of the hill.
References
Former populated places in Greece
Populated places in ancient Thessaly
Thessalian city-states
Cities in ancient Greece
Archaeological sites in Greece
Archaeological sites in Thessaly
Ancient Greek archaeological sites in Thessaly
Güzören, Kumluca is a village in the District of Kumluca, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kumluca District
Peziza praetervisa, commonly known as the purple fairy cup or the fireplace cup, is a species of fungus in the genus Peziza, family Pezizaceae. Recognized by its flattened, purple, cup-like fruitbodies, this widespread fungus typically grows scattered or in clusters on burnt ground.
Taxonomy
The fungus was first described scientifically in 1897 by Giacomo Bresadola.
Description
Fruitbodies resemble flattened cups with diameters of up to . The inner spore-bearing surface, the hymenium, is purple to purple-brown, but lightens to brown in age. The exterior surface is pale purple and scurfy (covered with small flakes or scales that are shed from the underlying surface). This species is sessile, and does not have a stipe. The flesh is thin and mauve-colored.
Microscopic characteristics
Spores are elliptical, hyaline, with small, fine warts on the surface, and have dimensions of 12–14 x 7–8 μm. They are biguttulate, containing two oil droplets at either end of the spore. The asci are 250–300 x 10–12 μm. Like other Pezizales, the asci open at maturity by means of an apical, lid-like flap of tissue termed an operculum. The paraphyses are club-shaped, filled with violet granules, and have bent tips; they are up to 7 μm wide.
Edibility
The edibility of the Pezizaceae family is largely untested.
Habitat and distribution
Peziza praetervisa is a widespread fungus that grows in scattered clusters on burned soil, and is often found on the remains of old campfires. It is found in Europe and North America.
Similar species
Depending on humidity and other environmental factors, P. praetervisa can resemble Peziza violacea, but may be distinguished from the latter by its dark purple hymenium, and microscopically by its biguttulate, warty ascospores. Pachyella babingtonii also has a purple brown hymenium, but is smaller and translucent in appearance.
References
External links
Fungi of Poland Several photos
Pezizaceae
Fungi described in 1897
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Taxa named by Giacomo Bresadola
Floriade 1982 was a garden festival held in Amsterdam, Netherlands. The second Amsterdam Floriade was recognised by the Bureau International des Expositions (BIE) and held from April 8 to October 10, 1982. It was the 9th edition of the international horticultural exposition organised under the auspices of the Association of International Horticultural Producers (AIPH) and the third held in the Netherlands. Floriade 1982 was held at a recreation area surrounding the Gaasperplas lake in the neighborhood of Gaasperdam. The entrance to the Floriade was near the previously constructed Gaasperplas metro station.
What remained after the Floriade, after some of the structures were removed, became the Gaasperpark. The planetarium today houses a conference and meeting center. The interior furnishings of the planetarium were moved in 1988 to the Artis Planetarium.
The 76m observation tower was an attraction on the Floriade 1982. It was previously used for the bi-annual Kassel Bundesgartenschau in Germany in 1981 and before that the Münchenstein . In 1983 the attraction returned to Germany and opened in Europa-Park, where it is still operational.
References
External links
Official website of the BIE
1980s in Amsterdam
International horticultural exhibitions
1982 in the Netherlands
Events in Amsterdam
Festivals in the Netherlands
Garden festivals in the Netherlands
1982 festivals
Floriade (Netherlands)
1982 festivals in Europe
Adrián Ezequiel Yospe (12 February 1970 – 10 November 2011) was an Argentine actor. He appeared in 13 films between 1991 and 2011.
Filmography
La peste (1991)
Caballos salvajes (1995)
Más allá del límite (1995)
La maestra normal (1996)
Pizza, birra, faso (1997)
Es to-do (1999)
La venganza (1999)
La casa de Tourner (2001)
¿Y dónde está el bebé? (2002)
Apasionados (2002)
Dibu 3, la gran aventura (2002)
555 (2011)
Juan y Eva (2011)
References
External links
1970 births
2011 deaths
Argentine male film actors
Male actors from Buenos Aires
Deaths from cancer in Argentina
20th-century Argentine male actors
21st-century Argentine male actors
Jan Karwecki (2 January 1949 – 5 June 2019) was a Polish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career
Born in Glinno, Karwecki played club football for Górnik Wałbrzych, Lech Poznań, Szombierki Bytom, Wisła Kraków and Cracovia.
He earned five caps for the Polish national team between 1974 and 1975.
Later life and death
Karwecki died in Kraków on 5 June 2019, aged 70.
References
1949 births
2019 deaths
Polish footballers
Poland international footballers
Górnik Wałbrzych players
Lech Poznań players
Szombierki Bytom players
Wisła Kraków players
MKS Cracovia (football) players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
Association football goalkeepers
Ohio's 11th senatorial district has been based in greater Toledo, Ohio and currently consists of about three-fourths of Lucas County. It encompasses Ohio House districts 44, 45 and 46. It has a Cook PVI of D+18. Its current Ohio Senator is Democrat Teresa Fedor. She resides in Toledo, a city located in Lucas County.
List of senators
External links
Ohio's 11th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Eois obliviosa is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland forests and lower montane forests.
The length of the forewings is 10–11 mm.
References
Moths described in 1997
Eois
Moths of Asia
Banks House may refer to:
Coleman-Banks House, Eutaw, Alabama, listed on the NRHP in Alabama
Banks House (Hiwasse, Arkansas), listed on the NRHP in Arkansas
Ralph Banks Place, Elberton, Georgia, listed on the NRHP in Georgia
Gordon-Banks House, Newnan, Georgia, listed on the NRHP in Georgia
Gale-Banks House, Waltham, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
E. Sybbill Banks House, Waltham, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Harris-Banks House, Columbus, Mississippi, listed on the NRHP in Mississippi
Jones-Banks-Leigh House, Columbus, Mississippi, listed on the NRHP in Mississippi
Root-Banks House, Medford, Oregon, listed on the NRHP in Oregon
Col. J. A. Banks House, St. Matthews, South Carolina, listed on the NRHP in South Carolina
Banks-Mack House, Fort Mill, South Carolina, listed on the NRHP in South Carolina
Banks-Ogg House, Lufkin, Texas, listed on the NRHP in Texas
See also
Bank House, Milford, Delaware, NRHP-listed
Elias Nassar (born 25 October 1960) is the retired eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Sidon.
Life
Elias Nassar was born in Sarba, Lebanon. He was ordained priest on 18 August 1990 by Eparchy of Sidon.
The Synod of the Maronite Church elected him on 24 September 2005 to the Eparchy of Sidon. His confirmation by the Holy See took place on 28 December 2005. Maronite Patriarch of Antioch, Cardinal Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir, ordained Nassar to the episcopate and his co-consecrators were Roland Aboujaoudé, Auxiliary bishop of Antioch and Emeritus Eparch of Sidon, Tanios El Khoury, on 11 February 2006.
Elias Nassar was since 2009 President of the Episcopal Commission for the missionary cooperation among the churches. As participant in the Synod of Bishops for the Middle East in October 2010, he called emphatically about the dialogue with Islam. He praised the mutual enrichment of Christianity and Islam, and underlined that since fourteen hundred years coexistence between Christians and Muslims had been assured.
On 30 January 2017, Nassar resigned.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bnassar.html
http://www.gcatholic.org/dioceses/diocese/said1.htm
1960 births
Lebanese Maronites
Living people
21st-century Maronite Catholic bishops
Eastern Catholic bishops in Lebanon
Warren Brown is the host of the Food Network show, Sugar Rush. He had a career in health education and law until he decided that his true calling was to become a pastry chef, and is the founder and owner of bakery CakeLove and Love Café in Washington, DC. The original CakeLove location on U Street NW in Washington, DC was opened in 2002, with LoveCafe opening down the street in 2003. Five CakeLove locations were in the greater Washington area. The CakeLove retail bakeries closed, with the last location closing in 2015, and the CakeLove brand was redesigned to sell " CakeLove in a Jar."
Brown received his bachelor's degree from Brown University and a J.D. and master's degree from The George Washington University Law School. He graduated from University School in Hunting Valley, Ohio in 1989. His first cookbook, CakeLove: How to Make Cakes from Scratch, was released in April 2008.
External links
Food Network profile
Living people
George Washington University Law School alumni
Brown University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Johannes Thomas Forceville (1696–1750) was an organ builder and son of the famous organ builder Johannes Baptist Forceville (1660–1739). He is therefore often called "the younger".
Biography
Johannes Thomas Forceville was born in Antwerp, where he was baptized on 5 July 1696. He was the son of Jean-Baptist, the first organ builder of the Forceville family who had moved to Antwerp from Saint-Omer, and his first wife Magdalena Cannaert. He received his education mainly from his father during the construction of the organ for St. Gudula in Brussels between 1706 and 1718. In the period 1711–1713 he also collaborated with his father on the construction of the organ in the in Ekeren.
Brussels remained his chief area of activity. He started working autonomously since at least 1734, when he restored the organ of the Church of Our Lady of Laeken in association with Egide Le Blas. He returned to the atelier of his father in 1737, succeeding him in the works for the Chapelle royale of Brussels. He delivered a new organ with eight registers in (, 1744). He died in 1750 while working on a larger commission in the in Grimbergen. This organ was finished by .
See also
Forceville (organ builders)
References
1696 births
1750 deaths
Belgian pipe organ builders
People from Antwerp
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Montedio Yamagata.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Association football midfielders
Giravanz Kitakyushu players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Julian Wade (born 12 July 1990) is a Dominican professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish side Formartine United.
Wade began his football career in 2010, at the age of 19, with amateur club Ideal in Montserrat. After one season in the Montserrat Championship, he made a move to his native Dominica to play for Bath Estate of the Dominica Premier League where he won the league title in 2012–13. In July 2013, Wade signed with professional club Caledonia AIA of the TT Pro League in Trinidad and Tobago.
Wade made his debut for the Montserrat national team during their qualification attempt for the Caribbean Cup in October 2010. However, after being declared ineligible to further represent Montserrat under FIFA's new eligibility rules, Wade made an international switch to represent his native Dominica. He made his debut for Los Pericos during the Windward Islands Tournament in April 2014.
Early life
Wade was born in Roseau, Dominica and attended Dominica Grammar School, where he began his competitive football career. During five years playing for his Grammar School football team, Wade was named the captain and received numerous awards while playing in the Secondary Schools Football Tournament, including being named the most valuable player in four consecutive years. He later continued his education and youth career while attending Dominica State College in Roseau. Julian attributes his early interest in football to his older brother and role model Darlton Bannis.
Club career
Early career
Wade spent his early football career in Montserrat where he vacationed with family members while playing for amateur club Ideal in the Montserrat Championship in 2010. During the season with Ideal, Julian had a series of impressive performances and was named the league's most valuable player for the 2010–11 season. In June 2010, Wade accepted a call-up to represent the Montserrat national team during their qualification attempt for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Prior to their two-legged series against Belize in Couva, Trinidad and Tobago, Montserrat scheduled an exhibition match against Trinidadian club Joe Public. During the match, Wade recorded a pair goal that drew notice from Caledonia AIA manager Jamaal Shabazz in attendance.
Wade returned to his native Dominica and signed with Bath Estate of the Premier League for the 2011–12 season. On 26 February 2012, Wade scored a vital goal against Harlem United to give Bath Estate an early lead in a match to determine the league championship. However, after Harlem United scored a 75th-minute equaliser, Bath Estate finished as league runners-up following a 1–1 draw.
Caledonia AIA
On 13 July 2013, Wade traveled to Trinidad and Tobago to sign a two-year contract with Caledonia AIA of the TT Pro League. As a result, Wade became the first Dominican to sign a contract to play professional football. On 6 August, he made his debut for the Stallions of Morvant/Laventille during the group stage of the 2013–14 CONCACAF Champions League against Toluca of Liga MX. Wade came on as a second-half substitute and subsequently scored his first professional goal in the 88th minute from five yards out following an Aubrey David cross from the left-flank.
Afterwards, Wade suffered from a series of injuries that kept him out for the first half of the TT Pro League season. However, he returned on 15 November in the TOYOTA Classic to score an 88th minute equalising header from a cross to send the match against Club Sando into a penalty shootout. On 17 January 2014, Wade made his league debut for Caledonia AIA after coming on as an 82nd-minute substitute for Jamal Gay against North East Stars. On 8 April, Julian scored his first league goal for Caledonia AIA in a 5–1 defeat to Central FC in Ato Boldon Stadium. In his following match, Wade scored a further brace to give the Stallions a 3–1 win over San Juan Jabloteh. In his first professional season, Wade recorded three goals in the TT Pro League and five goals in all competitions.
In November 2015 it was confirmed that he would have a trial with Major League Soccer team Sporting Kansas City.
Brechin City
After playing in Guyana and Guadeloupe, and making a return to Bath Estate, Wade moved to Aberdeen in Scotland and signed with Highland League side Brechin City on 11 August 2021, and madee his debut on the same day in the Scottish Challenge Cup against Buckie Thistle. Before signing for Brechin City, he was also on trial with Deveronvale.
In the second half of the season, Wade scored 5 goals in 4 games, including a hattrick against Nairn County. He departed the club at the end of the season, having scored 13 goals in 33 appearances.
Formartine United
In May 2022, Wade signed for another Highland League side Formartine United. On 27th July 2022, Wade was inspirational in Formartine's epic victory over Buckie Thistle, in the Evening Express Aberdeenshire Cup, scoring two goals against the title contenders.
International career
Wade has represented Dominica on various levels of international competition, having been capped for the under-17, under-20, under-23 Olympic team, and the Dominica national teams. Wade has also been capped for the Montserrat national team between October 2010 and June 2011.
Youth teams
He began his international career for the Dominica under-17 team during the 2006 CFU Youth Cup. During the competition, Wade made three appearances and scored a pair of goals against the Bahamas on 15 August 2006. Earlier that month, Wade also received two caps for the under-20 team during its qualification attempt for the 2007 CONCACAF U-20 Championship. In September 2007, Wade participated in Los Pericos''' unsuccessful qualification attempt for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. However, in their final group stage match, Julian recorded a brace to give the under-23 team a 2–1 win over Saint Lucia.
In July 2008, Wade made an additional three appearances for the under-20 team in another early exit from qualification for a continental tournament following a draw to Suriname and consecutive losses to Aruba and Saint Kitts and Nevis.
Senior teams
Although he had previously represented his native Dominica as a youth, Wade accepted a call-up to the Montserrat national team while he was playing for Ideal in the Montserrat Championship in 2010. Later that year, Wade made his full international debut for Montserrat on 6 October 2010, at the age of 20, against Saint Vincent and the Grenadines during its qualification attempt for the 2010 Caribbean Cup. He made a further two appearances for the Emerald Boys in losses to Barbados and Saint Kitts and Nevis, which witnessed Montserrat eliminated from the competition without scoring a goal.
Julian received his fourth cap for Montserrat after making an appearance in the team's first leg loss to Belize during 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification in June 2011. However, Wade was declared ineligible by FIFA to further represent Montserrat under the governing body's new eligibility rules. As a result, Wade decided to make an international switch back to his native Dominica in September 2012.
In April 2014, Wade made his debut for the Dominica national team during the 2014 Windward Islands Tournament held in Roseau. In his third consecutive start as striker, Wade scored his first two international goals in a 5–3 loss to Grenada on 4 May 2014.
Career statistics
ClubAs of 5 June 2022International
International appearances
International goalsScores and results list Dominica's goal tally first.''
Honours
Club
Bath Road Ambassadors
Dominica All Island League 2006–07
Bath Road Ambassadors
Dominica Division One League 2007–08
Bath Estate
Dominica Premier League (1): 2012–13
Individual
Awards
Most Goals Stag Elite League: 2015–16 Guyana Elite League
Most Valuable Player (1): 2010–11 Montserrat Championship
Most Outstanding Striker: 2007–08 Dominica Division One League
Most Goals: 2006–07 Dominica Division One League
Most Valuable Player: 2005–06 Dominica Division One League
Most Outstanding Striker: 2004–05 Dominica All Island League
Most Improved Player: 2004–05 Dominica Football Association
Rookie of the year: 2004–05 Dominica Football Association
References
External links
Julian Wade at TTProLeague.com
1990 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Dominica footballers
Dominica international footballers
Montserratian footballers
Montserrat international footballers
Ideal SC players
Bath Estate FC players
TT Pro League players
Morvant Caledonia United players
Dual internationalists (football)
Dominica under-20 international footballers
Dominica youth international footballers
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Brechin City F.C. players
Dominica expatriate footballers
Alessandro Bertolazzi (born 16 February 1958) is an Italian makeup artist. His work on films such as Babel (2006), Biutiful (2010), J. Edgar (2011), To the Wonder (2012), Skyfall (2012), The Impossible (2012), Fury (2014) and Suicide Squad has earned him numerous awards and nominations. For Suicide Squad, he won the Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling at the 89th Academy Awards.
Partial filmography
Flight of the Innocent (1992)
The Rebel (1993)
The Best Man (1998)
Viola Kisses Everybody (1998)
The Phantom of the Opera (1998)
Malèna (2000)
Unfair Competition (2001)
Heaven (2002)
Remember Me, My Love (2003)
The Order (2003)
What Will Happen to Us (2004)
Evilenko (2004)
But When Do the Girls Get Here? (2005)
The Fine Art of Love (2005)
Babel (2006)
Napoleon and Me (2006)
Gomorrah (2008)
Wild Blood (2008)
Giovanna's Father (2008)
Angels & Demons (2009)
Baarìa (2009)
Biutiful (2010)
Kiss Me Again (2010)
Eat Pray Love (2010)
The Solitude of Prime Numbers (2010)
J. Edgar (2011)
To Rome with Love (2012)
To the Wonder (2012)
Twice Born (2012)
Skyfall (2012)
The Impossible (2012)
Fury (2014)
Love & Mercy (2014)
Suicide Squad (2016)
Bright (2017)
War Machine (2017)
Christopher Robin (2018)
The King (2019)
References
External links
Living people
1968 births
Italian make-up artists
Best Makeup Academy Award winners
People from Vercelli
Plays of Three Decades is a collection of three plays by the prolific playwright, screenwriter, and science writer Robert Ardrey. The three plays included are Thunder Rock, Ardrey's international classic about hope and human progress; Jeb, Ardrey's post-World War II civil rights play about a black soldier returning from the Pacific; and Shadow of Heroes, a documentary drama about the prelude to and aftermath of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956. The last play resulted in the release of two political prisoners from Soviet custody.
Preface
Plays of Three Decades includes a lengthy preface by the author entitled "A Preface to the Plays Including Certain Personal Reflections." The introduction includes information about Ardrey's personal relationship to the theater, but it is mainly concerned with detailing the history of the avant garde theater movement of 1930s New York which Ardrey identifies the plays as belonging to.
An avant garde theatre occurs when enough skeptical artists raise their voices in a common tune. The three plays presented in this volume might be dedicated to that avant garde theatre of which they were a part and which, born in the 1930s, died prematurely soon after the Second World War and like a tropical sunset left no afterglow. We had no real name for our kind of play in America. Sometimes we called it the Theatre of Social Protest, a phrase which scarcely did the plays justice. On the Continent it was called the théâtre engagé—the theatre engaged with its times—and that is the term I prefer."
Ardrey writes that the théâtre engagé was part of a larger flourishing of dramatic talent that began in the 1920s New York. Among the playwrights important to this moment he identifies Eugene O'Neill, Sidney Howard, Maxwell Anderson, Elmer Rice, Marc Connelly, Philip Barry, S. N. Behrman, Robert E. Sherwood, George S. Kaufman, Moss Hart, Howard Lindsay, Russel Crouse, Charles MacArthur and Ben Hecht. But the necessity for an avant garde movement, he writes, came with the Great Depression.
Ardrey graduated from the University of Chicago in 1930, after having become the writing protege of Thornton Wilder. His graduation came during the beginning of the Great Depression. He writes that the lack of career prospects gave him plenty of time to write while he made a living on odd jobs. Among these were working (without qualifications) as a statistician, lecturing in anthropology at the Chicago World's Fair, conducting door-to-door surveys in Chicago's West Side slums, and forging medieval plainsongs.
He also writes that the Great Depression required that artists become engaged with the times. The beginning of serious engagement in the theater he identifies as Clifford Odets' play of 1935, Waiting for Lefty. Waiting for Lefty was produced by the radical theater collective the Group Theatre, who would eventually produce several of Ardrey's plays, including Thunder Rock.
Ardrey writes that after Waiting for Lefty many significant socially engaged plays followed: Sidney Kingsley's Dead End, Irwin Shaw's Bury the Dead, Odets' third play, Golden Boy, and Lillian Hellman's The Little Foxes and Watch on the Rhine. His own first three contributions to the movement were Star Spangled (produced in 1937), Casey Jones (1938), and How to Get Tough About It (also 1938). Though all three of these plays received significant critical praise the overall reviews were mixed and the plays were commercially unsuccessful. In recognition of Casey Jones, though, Ardrey was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship for promise as a young playwright.
At the end of the decade, Ardrey writes, the Great Depression ceased to be the most important issue which a socially engaged theater would have to address. "The threat of war began to overshadow the reality of want." It was in response to this threat, motivated especially by the exigency of the Munich Agreement, that Ardrey wrote Thunder Rock.
Thunder Rock
In his introduction to Plays of Three Decades Ardrey writes that he conceived of the play in New York following a long vacation to Nantucket. He wrote the play in New Orleans during the winter and spring of 1939.
Thunder Rock concerns a journalist, Charleston, who, distraught at the state of the world, withdraws into isolation as a lighthouse attendant. Amid the solitude he conjures in his imagination persons who drowned many years earlier when their steam-packet foundered in the lake. Charleston begins to argue with these characters, and in the process of refuting their hopelessness he comes to renounce his own. He rejoins the world of action. (For a complete synopsis, see Thunder Rock (play).)
The play, which called for American intervention in the crisis in Europe, was lambasted by American critics, who were by and large isolationist. In New York it received bad reviews and closed after a short run. However a production was mounted in a small theatre in wartime London, where it quickly garnered major attention and huge audiences. The critical response was rave, and the play became a symbol of British resistance. Following its success at the Neighbourhood Theatre it was transferred to the Globe, one of the largest theatres in London's West End, with secret funding from Her Majesty's Treasury.
Thunder Rock became known in Britain as the defining play of World War II.
Jeb
Jeb was presented in 1946 by Herman Shumlin. It received widespread critical praise but failed to find popularity with audiences and also closed after a short run. According to the critical consensus, Jeb was far ahead of its time.
It is the story of a black veteran returning from service in the Pacific. During the war he has lost one of his legs, but he has gained the ability to run an adding machine. Back home in the rural south he seeks employment, but is faced with discrimination and violence. (For a full synopsis, see Jeb (play).)
Shadow of Heroes
Shadow of Heroes, a play in five acts from the Hungarian Passion, was Robert Ardrey's last play. Written in 1958 and presented by Toby Rowland in October of the same year, it dramatized the events that led up to the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, as well as the brutal suppression that followed it. The play is in the style of a documentary drama, and is often cited as an early example of Verbatim theatre.
The play follows Lászlo Rajk and his wife, Julia, two members of the anti-Nazi Hungarian resistance. It details the arrest and torture of Lászlo, his signing of a false confession under the promise of safety for him and his family, and his subsequent trial and hanging. The play then follows Julia through the uprising and subsequent Soviet repression. The play depicts her arrest and ends with the announcement that she and her son are still under arrest. (For full synopsis see Shadow of Heroes.)
The play opened on October 7, 1958, at the Piccadilly Theatre in London and resulted in the release, just eleven days later, of Julia Rajk and her son.
References
External links
The Official Robert Ardrey Estate Website
The Nature of Man Series at the Robert Ardrey Estate Website
1968 fiction books
Books by Robert Ardrey
Books of plays
Friezland Railway Station served the Hamlet of Friezland in Saddleworth until closure on 1 January 1917. It was built by the London and North Western Railway on its Micklehurst Line.
On 19 August 1909 a passenger train was derailed at . Both train crew were killed.
The station closed for passenger traffic on 1 January 1917 but regular passenger traffic continued to pass through until 1964. Freight services to the station were withdrawn in 1965 and the line through the station was closed in 1966. The village is now served by Greenfield railway station.
References
The Manchester and Leeds Railway by Martin Bairstow
Disused railway stations in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1886
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1917
Saddleworth
Sanso is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of south-western Mali. In 2009 the commune had a population of 22,284.
The Morila Gold Mine is located 10 km from the village.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Charalkunnu is a popular hill station in Thiruvalla Taluk,Pathanamthitta District of Kerala, India. The Pampa River flows in the low-lying areas. Pathanamthitta, the district headquarters, is situated 17 km to the south-east. Kozhencherry is located 5 km away.
It is around 10 km from Ranni and around 20 km from Tiruvalla.
References
There is a convention centre at charelkunnu which is used by Marthoma, local and political people.
http://www.ecotours.in/charalkunnu-h.htm
Geography of Pathanamthitta district
Freedom Research Association () is an Ankara-based public policy research organization (think-tank) with a mission to promote evidence-based policy-making and to help consolidate liberal institutions in Turkey. Founded in 2014, the think tank brings together distinguished political scientists, legal scholars, journalists and business people to publish original research and make an impact on public policy.
FRA produces policy papers, reports and commentaries on various public policy issues including freedom of press, freedom of association and assembly, healthcare, regulations, structural reforms, checks and balance mechanisms, democratization, public alcohol policy, tax awareness, climate change. Besides, FRA acts as a watchdog organization strongly defending individual liberties, the rule of law and free market in Turkey.
FRA operates as a roof organization for its three centers:
1. Center for Democracy and Rule of Law
2. Center for Economic Liberties
3. Center for Civil Liberties
Centers conduct extensive research on any public policy subject related to their field from an empirical and analytical point of view, publish reports and host public events.
FRA's "Online FreedomTalks" gathers academics, bureaucrats, experts and students to discuss political and economic developments. The Rule of Law Academy is a flagship project that reaches a hundred of young legal practitioners every year. Also Structural Reforms in Turkey and Turkish Public Alcohol Policy Watch are among the newest projects of FRA.
See also
Liberalism in Turkey
Classical liberalism
External links
Official website
Think tanks based in Turkey
Libertarian think tanks
AJ Jago is a Djiboutian football club located in the town of Jago. It currently plays in the top domestic Djibouti Premier League.
References
External links
Soccerway – Club Profile
Football clubs in Djibouti
Erhardt Stoettner (25 September 1899 – 6 January 1992) was a master craftsman and designer of stained glass windows for the T.C. Esser Studios in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Among the churches with windows designed by Stoettner are:
1939: Mount St. Scholastica Chapel, Atchison, Kansas
1942–1948: Grace Lutheran Church, River Forest, Illinois
1951: Peace Lutheran Church, Oshkosh, Wisconsin
1953: St. Bernard Church, Wabash, Indiana
1954: St. Anthony's Memorial Hospital, Effingham, Illinois (see history brochure, pp. 24–31)
1957: St. Peter in Chains Cathedral, Cincinnati, Ohio
1964: Norway Lutheran Church, Wind Lake, Wisconsin (see history article pdf, page 108)
1969: Grace Lutheran Church, South Range, Michigan
Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Lake Park Lutheran Church, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
St. Helen Church, Chicago, Illinois
St. Mark's Episcopal Church, Grand Rapids, Michigan
In the design and execution of these windows, three noted artists are deserving of recognition. Erhard Stoettner, German craftsman who, among other important works, helped in the restoration of the windows of the Cathedral of Notre Dame at Rheims, was the research artist who selected the colors and regulated other technical details. The design of both windows and figures is the work of Gerard Recke, an American artist, who designed the windows in the chapel of Princeton University. Joseph Freney of Dublin, Ireland, was the artist who painted the faces and figures in the windows.
An archived letter to Stoettner about the price of a window.
NOTE: Gerard Recke is also known as Gustave Recke.
References
1899 births
1992 deaths
American stained glass artists and manufacturers
Thomas Abbott may refer to:
Thomas Eastoe Abbott (1786–1854), English poet
Thomas Abbott (priest), Irish priest, Archdeacon of Cloyne, 1919–1936
Thomas Kingsmill Abbott (1829–1913), Irish scholar and educator
Louis Leprince-Ringuet (27 March 1901, in Alès – 23 December 2000, in Paris) was a French physicist, telecommunications engineer, essayist and historian of science.
Leprince-Ringuet advocated strongly for the creation of the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) and remained its indefatigable supporter. He was vice chair (1956–69) and chair (1964–66) of CERN's scientific policy committee. He was elected to the American Philosophical Society.
He is known for early discovery of the kaon. He also coined the term hyperon in 1953.
References
1901 births
2000 deaths
École Polytechnique alumni
Télécom ParisTech alumni
Supélec alumni
People from Alès
French physicists
French telecommunications engineers
French electrical engineers
Grand Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Historians of science
Members of the Académie Française
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
20th-century French historians
French male essayists
20th-century French essayists
20th-century French male writers
People associated with CERN
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Mohamed Awal (born 1 May 1988) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a defender for I-League club Sreenidi Deccan.
Club career
Awal began his career with the Feyenoord Academy. On 10 July 2010, he joined ASEC Mimosas on loan. After his return in November 2010 to Feyenoord Academy, he was sold to Asante Kotoko. In August 2012, Awal joined South African Premier Soccer League club Maritzburg United.
On 8 August 2016, He signed a one-year contract with Arsenal Tula, with the option of a second, with Arsenal Tula. His previous club, Raja Casablanca, did not send the transfer documents in time for Awal to be registered for Arsenal Tula with the Russian Football Premier League by the 31 August deadline, and it has been reported on 7 September 2016 that Arsenal is planning on cancelling his contract.
At the end of November 2019, Awal joined Wolkite City F.C. in Ethiopia.
Gokulam Kerala
On 20 November 2020, it was announced that I-League club Gokulam Kerala have completed the signing of Awal. He was appointed captain of the team for the 2020–21 season.
On 6 December 2020, he made his debut for the club in the 2020 IFA Shield against United SC, which ended in a surprising 1–0 defeat. He made his I-League debut, on 9 January 2021 against Chennai City, which ended in a 2–1 defeat.
He was instrumental for the team throughout the season as he led Gokulam Kerala to their first-ever I-League trophy. After finishing fourth in group stage with six wins in twelve matches, they moved to the championship stage. They finished their maiden league campaign in third place with 32 points in 18 matches, and won the last match against Churchill Brothers on 14 May.
Sreenidi Deccan
On 24 September 2021, Awal moved to one of the new I-League entrants, Sreenidi Deccan.
On 15 December 2021, he made his debut for the club, against Real Kashmir in the 2021 IFA Shield final, which ended in a 2–1 defeat. He made his I-League debut for the club, on 27 December 2021 against NEROCA, in their 3–2 defeat.
Career statistics
Club
International career
On 31 December 2010, he was called for the Senior Ghana national football team for a CAF Tournament. He played in the 2014 World cup qualifiers alongside the African Cup of Nations.
International
International goals
Scores and results list Ghana's goal tally first.
Honours
Gokulam Kerala
I-League: 2020–21
Sreenidi Deccan
IFA Shield runner-up: 2021
Ghana
Africa Cup of Nations runner-up: 2015
References
External links
Awal – Maritzburg (archived)
1988 births
Living people
Ghanaian footballers
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
Ghana international footballers
ASEC Mimosas players
West African Football Academy players
Maritzburg United F.C. players
Raja CA players
Al-Shabab FC (Riyadh) players
FC Arsenal Tula players
Asante Kotoko S.C. players
Al-Fahaheel FC players
Al-Ansar FC (Medina) players
Saudi Professional League players
Saudi First Division League players
2011 African Nations Championship players
2013 Africa Cup of Nations players
2015 Africa Cup of Nations players
Footballers from Accra
Association football defenders
Expatriate footballers in Ivory Coast
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Ivory Coast
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Morocco
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Morocco
Expatriate footballers in Kuwait
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
Expatriate footballers in Ethiopia
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Ethiopia
Ghana A' international footballers
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in India
Expatriate footballers in India
Gokulam Kerala FC players
Sreenidi Deccan FC players
William J. Morgan (December 13, 1883 – October 1983) was an American lawyer. He was the 24th Attorney General of Wisconsin.
Biography
Born in Charlesburg, Wisconsin, Morgan graduated from University of Wisconsin–Madison. He then received his law degree from University of Michigan Law School. He initially worked as a lawyer in the office of Nathan Glicksman, but in 1910 started his own practice in Milwaukee. In 1918, he started a partnership with Guy D. Goff and Frank M. Hoyt. He announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for state Attorney General on August 20, 1920, and won the Republican primary held on September 7, defeating Adolph Kanneberg, who had been the preferred candidate of Senator Robert M. La Follette. He went on to win the general election and served as Attorney General of Wisconsin from 1921 to 1923. He was not a candidate for re-nomination in 1922. He died in October 1983.
Notes
1883 births
1983 deaths
People from Brothertown, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Michigan Law School alumni
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin Attorneys General
20th-century American politicians
Bayındır is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
is a Japanese television jidaigeki show featuring Sonny Chiba that ran for four seasons in the early 1980s. The first season was a reimagining of the film Kage no Gundan: Hattori Hanzō directed by Eiichi Kudo which was released in 1980.
Chiba played different ninja characters in each series. In the first series he played Hattori Hanzō III, in the second he played Tsuge Shinpachi, in the third he played Tarao Hanzō, and in the fourth series and in Bakumatsu Hen he played Hattori Hanzō XV. In the 2003 direct-to-DVD series Shin Kage no Gundan (New Shadow Warriors) he played Hattori Hanzō I.
Seasons
Hattori Hanzō: Kage no Gundan (1980) - 27 episodes
Kage no Gundan II (1981 - 1982) - 26 episodes
Kage no Gundan III (1982) - 26 episodes
Kage no Gundan IV (1985) - 27 episodes
Kage no Gundan Bakumatsu Hen (1985) - 13 episodes
Shin Kage no Gundan (2003 - 2005) - 6 direct to video episodes (not part of the TV series)
DVD release
The complete first season of the show was released on April 17, 2007 on Region 1 DVD by BCI Home Entertainment.
In other media
Chiba reprised the Hattori Hanzō character for Kill Bill.
Quentin Tarantino stated in the supplementary material on the Kill Bill DVD that the character was named in tribute to Chiba's former role as Hattori Hanzō (the historical 16th-century Iga ninja) in Shadow Warriors (Kage no Gundan). The joke is that Chiba played multiple generations of the character: when the character died, the next installment would shift to covering his descendant, also named Hanzō after his famous predecessor. The implication is that the character in Kill Bill, whom Tarantino called Hattori Hanzō XIV, is another descendant of the same lineage. Chiba's daughter Juri Manase also appears in Kill Bill as a member of the Crazy 88. A digitized version of a promo image for the series' second season infamously appears on the title screen of The Revenge of Shinobi.
Cast
Hattori Hanzō: Kage no Gundan (Season 1)
Sonny Chiba as Hattori Hanzō
Kenji Takaoka as Hyōroku
Naomi Hase as Okiri
Shōhei Hino as Daihachi
Junichi Haruta as Kiheiji
Kyoko Mitsubayashi as Okō
Kantarō Suga as Minakuchi Kisanta
Renji Ishibashi as Minakuchi Kisirō
Hiroshi Inuzuka as ikoma
Nobuo Kaneko as Sakai Tadakiyo
Teruhiko Saigō as Tsutusmi Kyonosuke
So Yamamura as Hoshina Masayuki
Kirin Kiki as Orin
Yōko Kurita as O-ume
Kage no Gundan II (Season 2)
Sonny Chiba as Tsuge Shinpachi
Jun Eto as Tsuruzō
Masato Hoshi as Utanosuke
Hikaru Kurosaki (:ja:黒崎輝) as Koroku
Mayumi Asaka as Otoki
Isamu Nagato as Gohei
Etsuko Shihomi as Shiina Misato
Mikio Narita as Ōoka Tadamitsu
So Yamamura as Hiraga Gennai
Hiroyuki Sanada as Hayate Kozō
Kirin Kiki as Orin
Kage no Gundan III (Season 3)
Sonny Chiba as Tarao Hanzō
Etsuko Shihomi as Ochō
Hiroyuki Sanada as Sasuke
Keizō Kanie as Takebayashi Toramaro
Hikaru Kurosaki as Shunta
Kawarasaki Kenzō as Ryuken
Kyoko Kishida as Takatsukasa Takako
Yoko Akino as Kobue
Eitaro Ozawa as Tokugawa Mitsusada
Kage no Gundan IV (Season 4)
Sonny Chiba as Hattori Hanzō
Isao Hashizume as Hyōsai
Kimiko Ikegami as Satsuki
Jun Miho as Ayame
Junichi Ishida as Kikuji
Kenji Ohba as Gamahachi
Tsuyoshi Ihara as Zenkyu
MIE as Ochō
Etsuko Shihomi as Oren
Hikaru Kurosaki as Junta
Mari Chihara as Toki
Hiroyuki Sanada as Katsu Kaishū
Mikio Narita as Ii Naosuke
Gaku Yamamoto as Hotta Masayoshi
Kantaro Suga as Murayama Taizō
Masanori Sera as Sakamoto Ryoma
Bunjaku Han as Osai
Kirin Kiki as Botan
Kage no Gundan Bakumatsu Hen (Season 5)
Sonny Chiba as Hattori Hanzō
Isao Hashizume as Hyōsai
Kenji Ohba as Gamahachi
Tsuyoshi Ihara as Zenkyu
MIE as Ochō
Isao Natsuyagi as Oguri Kozukenosuke
Hiroyuki Sanada as Katsu Kaishū
Masanori Sera as Sakamoto Ryoma
Seiichirō Kameishi as Tateoka Dōsetsu
Kirin Kiki as Botan
References
External links
1980 films
1980s Japanese television series
Direct-to-video film series
1980s Japanese-language films
Japanese drama television series
Jidaigeki films
Ninja fiction
Jidaigeki television series
Cultural depictions of Hattori Hanzō
1980s Japanese films
Humphrey Forman (26 April 1888 – 21 May 1923) played first-class cricket in two matches, one each for Cambridge University and Somerset in the 1910 cricket season. He was born at Repton, Derbyshire and died at Bangkok in Thailand.
Humphrey Forman was the son of Arthur Forman, a master at Repton School and himself a first-class cricketer for Derbyshire County Cricket Club. Humphrey was educated at Shrewsbury School. As a first-class cricketer, he was a lower-order batsman and a left-arm medium-pace bowler. He was quite successful as a bowler in his one first-class match at Cambridge University, taking four Kent wickets for 62 runs, more wickets than any other Cambridge bowler. He played a second match for Cambridge a week later against the Free Foresters; this match was not classed as first-class (though many such fixtures between these teams were in other years), but in any case Forman was not successful. In his solitary match for Somerset later in the same season, he opened the bowling but took only one wicket in the match.
References
1888 births
1923 deaths
English cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Somerset cricketers
Shopkeeping Goddesses or Shopkeeper Goddesses (, ) are the goddesses known for shopkeeping market for different shops in Meitei mythology and religion (Sanamahism) of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). Different stories have different answers to how many shopkeeping goddesses there are. They are Cheng Leima, Chinga Leima, Heipok Leima, Hei Leima, Laa Leima, Phu Leima, Pishum Leima, Thangching Leima, Waisheng Leima, Waithou Leima and Waal Leima.
List
See also
Emoinu (Imoinu) - Goddess of wealth and prosperity
Phouleima (Phouoibi) - Goddess of agriculture, paddy and rice
References
External links
Meitei gods and goddesses
Athyrium montanum is a species name, which may refer to:
Athyrium montanum (Lam.) Röhl. ex Spreng., published 1804, for the species now classified as Cystopteris montana
Athyrium montanum (Willd.) Shafer, published 1901, an illegitimate later homonym of the above renaming Asplenium montanum
montanum
Mazhanoolkkanavu or Mazhanool Kanav (മഴനൂല്‍ക്കനവ്‌) is a Malayalam language film. It was released in 2003.
Cast
Vineeth as Jithu
Augustine
References
External links
2003 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Igor Novaković (born 24 May 1979) is a former Croatian football midfielder.
Honours
Rijeka
Croatian Cup: 2005, 2006
External links
Interview: Igor Novaković
Igor Novaković
1979 births
Living people
Croatian footballers
Croatian expatriate footballers
NK Zagreb players
HNK Rijeka players
FC Tom Tomsk players
Russian Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
NK Karlovac players
NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac players
NK Croatia Sesvete players
Al-Arabi SC (Qatar) players
FC Koper players
Croatian Football League players
Qatar Stars League players
Association football wingers
Cyril Forster Garbett (6 February 1875 – 31 December 1955) was an Anglican bishop and author. He was successively the Bishop of Southwark, the Bishop of Winchester and the Archbishop of York from 1942 to 1955.
Early life
Garbett was born in the village of Tongham in Surrey, next to Aldershot in Hampshire, the son of the Rev Charles Garbett, the vicar of Tongham. At the age of 11, he was sent to Portsmouth Grammar School and then to Keble College, Oxford, in 1894. After this, he went to Cuddesdon Theological College to study theology and prepare for ordination.
Ordained ministry
Garbett was ordained in 1899 as a deacon and was sent to be a curate of St Mary's Church, Portsea, where he was ordained to the priesthood in 1901 and remained until 1919, after 1909 as its vicar. In 1911 he was joined at Portsea by the newly ordained George Armitage Chase, who would later serve Garbett after his ordination to the episcopate, as examining chaplain. Tubby Clayton, later to found Toc H, was his curate from 1910 to 1915.
Garbett was consecrated as the Bishop of Southwark by Randall Davidson, Archbishop of Canterbury, at St Paul's Cathedral on St Luke's day (18 October) 1919 and remained in this position until his translation as the Bishop of Winchester in 1932 before, in 1942, becoming the Archbishop of York.
Archbishop of York
Garbett was a popular public figure, especially as a pastoral bishop, famous for trudging the length of his dioceses with his walking stick, visiting both clergy and lay people in the towns he passed through. Although personally warm, he had a reputation as a firm disciplinarian with clergy in his dioceses.
Politically and theologically, he is best seen as a transitional figure between the Edwardian and modern periods of the Church of England. A staunch nationalist and royalist, he held an erastian view of the Church of England clearly as a national church, and he held strongly traditional views of issues such as family relationships, sexual morality, and corporal punishment.
On the other hand, Garbett belonged to the generation which was comfortable with the idea of diversity in the Church of England and had little patience for High Church versus Low Church struggles. He was a pioneer of the Ecumenical Movement and, during and after the Second World War, travelled extensively, including to Communist Bloc countries. Although generally perceived as leaning rightwards politically, he was comfortable with the welfare state which emerged during his archiepiscopate.
Garbett's trip to Moscow in September 1943, at the invitation of the Moscow Patriarchate, was greeted by the newly installed Moscow Patriarch Sergiy (Stragorodskiy), was used by Joseph Stalin's propaganda machine to spread falsehoods about religious freedom in the USSR: on 24 September, the New York Times quoted Garbett as stating that "he was convinced that there was the fullest freedom of worship in the Soviet Union". However, during the Cold War, Garbett denounced communism as un-Christian and actively supported the British government line.
On 17 April 1944, Garbett appeared on the cover of Time magazine after he had been persuaded by the British Ministry of Information to go to the United States to discuss religious freedom in Russia. During this visit, he said that "Marshal Stalin, being a great statesman, has recognised the power of religion."
Garbett's visit to Dublin, where he met President De Valera, was considered significant.
Garbett sat in the House of Lords for many years as a Lord Spiritual and, as an erastian, he took his duties very seriously. In a notable statement made to the House of Lords in 1942, Garbett denounced Nazi Germany's extermination of Polish Jews, calling it "the deliberate and cold-blooded massacre of a nation."
On his retirement, Garbett was offered and accepted a hereditary barony, but he died before this could be legally created. It is thought he was to take the title Baron Garbett of Tongham.
Final years
Garbett continued to work into his late seventies, which eventually took its toll. He baptised Princess Anne, the second child and only daughter of the Princess Elizabeth, Duchess of Edinburgh (later Elizabeth II) and Philip, Duke of Edinburgh on 21 October 1950 in the Music Room at Buckingham Palace. In 1953 he established The Queen's School in Jamaica in dedication to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. On his eightieth birthday, 6 February 1955, he retired from active ministry and was created a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order. Later that year, he underwent surgery and spent the last months of his life in a convalescent home where he continued to write and correspond until his death, on 31 December 1955.
Selected works
Amongst those he wrote:
Trilogy: Vol. I, The Claims of the Church of England (1947); Vol. II, Church and State (1950); Vol. III, In an Age of Revolution (1952)
References
External links
1875 births
1955 deaths
Alumni of Ripon College Cuddesdon
Doctors of Divinity
People from Tongham
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
People educated at Portsmouth Grammar School
Bishops of Southwark
Bishops of Winchester
Archbishops of York
20th-century Anglican archbishops
Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
Alumni of Keble College, Oxford
Clerks of the Closet
Presidents of the Oxford Union
Sphodromantis royi, common name Roy's mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in West Africa (Burkina Faso, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, and Senegal).
See also
African mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
royi
Mantodea of Africa
Insects described in 1967
This is a list of mayors of Mainz, including the Lord Mayors (Oberbürgermeister von Mainz) since 1796.
1796–1800: Fredrick Pongrass
1800–1814: Franz Macké
1814–1831: Franz Freiherr Gedult von Jungenfeld
1831–1834: Franz Macké
1834–1836: Stephan Metz
1837–1838: Johann Baptist Heinrich
1839–1841: Stephan Metz
1842–1860: Nikolaus Nack
1861–1864: Karl Schmitz
1865–1871: Franz Schott
1871–1872: Karl Racké
1872–1877: Carl Wallau
1877–1885: Alexis Dumont
1885–1894: Georg Oechsner
1894–1905: Heinrich Gassner
1905–1919: Karl Göttelmann
1919–1931: Karl Külb
1931–1933: Wilhelm Ehrhard
1934–1942: Robert Barth
1942–1945: Heinrich Ritter
1945: Rudolph Walther
1945–1949: Emil Kraus
1949–1965: Franz Stein
1965–1987: Jakob "Jockel" Fuchs
1987–1997: Herman-Hartmut Weyel
1997–2011:Jens Beutel the first who was elected to the position directly by the citizens.
2012 until today: Michael Ebling
See also
Timeline of Mainz
References
History of Mainz
Mainz
Rhineland-Palatinate-related lists
Old Gold is a brand of dark chocolate in Australia dating back to 1916, now made by Cadbury.
Blocks of the chocolate are produced in "Original" (45% cocoa solids), "Old Jamaica", ""Roast Almond", "70% Cocoa" and "Peppermint" varieties.
The "Old Gold" brand was initially established by confectionery company MacRobertson's.
References
Australian confectionery
Chocolate
Grzegorz Gawlik (born 6 May 1980) is a Polish traveler, mountaineer, volcanoes explorer, journalist, photographer and lawyer.
He has traveled several hundred journeys to about 100 countries on six continents.
Author of the 100 VOLCANOES PROJECT. He has been working on the project since 2006. In 2016 the project was halfway through. Project assumptions. At least half the volcanoes must be active. Volcanoes are precisely tailored, difficult to access and very interesting in terms of exploratory and scientific. Often wild, most active, the highest.
Gawlik has explored volcanoes of heights of 0 – 6896 m, in many countries, on different continents and in different climates. Among other things, he discovered the highest lakes in the world on the Ojos del Salado volcano and found that the highest active volcano in the world is Llullaillaco.
In addition, he explored more than 100 other volcanic sites such as geyser fields, geothermal fields, volcanic caves, volcanic deserts, volcanic plateaus, volcanic craters and cones, volcanic rock formations, lava fields.
He climbed to about 100 peaks 4-, 5-, 6- and 7-thousand meters in the Himalayas, Andes, Pamir, Caucasus, Cordillera, High Atlas, Tanzania, Borneo and hundreds of lower peaks.
During the expeditions, Gawlik explored numerous glaciers and polar regions. Visited several hundred of the most valuable monuments for world heritage. He traveled the largest deserts and plateaus, tropical forests, lakes, rivers, dozens of seas. Visited several hundred islands, caves and the largest cities in the world. Traveled the most famous roads and railway lines.
He completed law studies at the Silesian University in Katowice and won a plebiscite: The Graduate with Passion in 2014. He is a laureate of travel and journalism prizes.
Gawlik cooperates with television channels, radio stations, internet portals, magazines and newspapers.
References
1980 births
Polish travel writers
Living people
Travelers
Polish mountain climbers
Sphaerulariidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Tylenchida.
Genera:
Prothallonema Christie, 1938
Sphaerularia Dufour, 1837
Tripius Chitwood, 1935
Veleshkinema
References
Nematodes
The 2019–20 season is Arsenal de Sarandí's 1st season back in the top division of Argentine football, after promotion from Primera B Nacional. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina and Copa de la Superliga.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
Ramiro López and Sebastián Lomonaco were the first players revealed to be leaving Arsenal de Sarandí at the start of 2019–20, as they agreed moves in June 2019 to Barracas Central and Godoy Cruz respectively. On 13 June, the club announced that Mauricio Aquino's contract would not be renewed; he soon went to Colegiales. A day later, Arsenal completed their first signing after agreeing terms with Lucas Piovi, who would join from Almagro. Juan Cruz Kaprof (Atlético Tucumán) and Ezequiel Rescaldani (Patronato) joined on 21 June. Daniel Sappa, a 'keeper from Estudiantes (LP), was loaned on 24 June; a clause, which would allow him to return to them after six months, was inserted. 24 June also saw Lautaro Parisi loaned from Primera B Nacional's Guillermo Brown.
Loaned players returned home on 30 June. On 1 July, having trained with the team, Nicolás Giménez (Talleres) and Franco Sbuttoni (Atlético Tucumán) signed for Arsenal. A planned pre-season friendly with Racing Club was cancelled on 2 July, with Talleres replacing the Avellaneda club. They met Banfield for their first pre-season match on 3 July, though would lose after conceding three unanswered goals at the Estadio Florencio Sola. A secondary match-up that day ended scoreless. Ryduan Palermo mutually terminated his contract on 4 July. Argentinos Juniors were Arsenal's opponents in friendlies three and four, with both encounters ending in defeats on 6 July in Buenos Aires. Aníbal Leguizamón moved to Ecuadorian Serie A outfit Emelec on 26 June.
Arsenal beat Independiente twice in friendlies on 10 July, after Fernando Torrent and Alan Soñora goals. Arsenal, on 19 July, revealed Pablo Álvarez was training with the club ahead of a potential move from Huracán. Lanús were fought in exhibition matches on 17 July, on a day that saw one win apiece. Unión Santa Fe loaned Federico Milo from Arsenal on 19 July. Arsenal avoided defeat in friendly matches with Rosario Central, drawing and winning at the Estadio Gigante de Arroyito. Pablo Álvarez penned a deal from Huracán on 22 July.
July
Arsenal sealed their return to the top-flight of Argentine football with a 1–0 victory over Banfield on 29 July, as Ezequiel Rescaldani converted a penalty to gain them three points. Two days later, Arsenal held a friendly match with Claypole for players who didn't play against Banfield. They won it 3–0 after goals from Juan Cruz Kaprof, Rubén Zamponi and Juan García.
August
On 1 August, Arsenal revealed that Joel Soñora (Talleres, loan) and Diego Nuñez (San Miguel) were training with the club ahead of potential moves. Both officialized their incomings hours later. Arsenal made it back-to-back wins in the Primera División on 5 August, as they came away from Godoy Cruz's Estadio Malvinas Argentinas with all three points thanks to goals from new signings Nicolás Giménez and Joel Soñora. Arsenal drew and lost to Racing Club in friendlies on 9 August. Arsenal secured nine points from a possible nine in the league on 18 August versus Defensa y Justicia, following strikes by Lautaro Parisi, Gastón Álvarez Suárez and Joel Soñora. Arsenal fell to defeat in a friendly with Atlanta on 19 August, with a back-up line-up losing by three goals at home.
Arsenal's three-match winning streak came to a close on 23 August, as San Lorenzo maintained their own unbeaten run with a 0–2 victory. Arsenal were knocked out of the Copa Argentina on 28 August by Estudiantes (BA), who went three up in thirty minutes.
September
Arsenal were condemned to a 1–0 loss at the hands of Atlético Tucumán on 1 September.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Arsenal de Sarandí announced five pre-season friendlies on 11 June 2019, with the club setting encounters with Banfield, Argentinos Juniors, Independiente, Racing Club and Lanús; to be played between 3 July and 17 July. The cancellation of the Racing Club friendly allowed them to schedule a match with Talleres in its place. However, the Talleres fixture was also cancelled due to bad weather. A game away to Rosario Central was later added.
Mid-season
Arsenal scheduled a friendly with Claypole for 31 July, with it allowing players who didn't feature in their Primera División opener against Banfield two days prior. Arsenal held a fixture on 9 August in their city with Racing Club at Predio Tita Mattiussi; the latter club's training ground. An encounter with Atlanta was also set. They'd take a trip to Vélez Sarsfield on 6 September.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Arsenal were paired with Estudiantes (BA) in the Copa Argentina round of thirty-two.
Copa de la Superliga
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 1 September 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Arsenal de Sarandí seasons
Arsenal de Sarandí
Gunnar Hansen (18 July 1916 – 31 May 2004) was a Norwegian amateur boxer who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Oslo and died in Tjøme, and represented the sports club BK Pugilist. He finished seventeenth in the welterweight division in the boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Gunnar Hansen, A Norwegian boxer from Reykjavík, aged 87 and died on 05/31/2004, that's 18 years ago, died in Northeast Harbour and his cause of death was disclosed to be pancreatic cancer.
He graduated from Austin High School and University Of Texas At Austin, his family name is Hansen and his given name is Gunnar.
1948 Olympic results
Below is the record of Gunnar Hansen, a Norwegian welterweight boxer who competed at the 1948 London Olympics:
Round of 32: lost to Pierre Hernandez (France) by decision
References
External links
1916 births
2004 deaths
Sportspeople from Oslo
Welterweight boxers
Boxers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Olympic boxers of Norway
Norwegian male boxers
Sneathiella is a halotolerant, aerobic and chemoheterotrophic genus of bacteria from the family of Sneathiellaceae. Sneathiella is named after the British microbiologist Peter H. A. Sneat.
References
Alphaproteobacteria
Bacteria genera
Taxa described in 2007
Feldwebel Andreas Dombrowski (born November 30, 1894, date of death unknown) was an Austro-Hungarian World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories scored on three different fronts. He was conscripted into the Austro-Hungarian military in 1915. Dombrowski underwent pilot's training, gaining his license in June 1916. Posted to the Russian Front during the Brusilov Offensive to fly reconnaissance, he was credited with his first victory on 17 August 1916. In September, 1916 he was transferred to the Romanian Front. Still flying a reconnaissance aircraft, he fought four more successful engagements during 1917, becoming an ace. Transferred to the Italian Front in April 1918, he flew an Albatros D.III for his former observer, Karl Patzelt. On 4 May 1918, Dombrowski scored his sixth and final victory, then took a bullet to the face and crashlanded. Once healed, he went to a photographic reconnaissance unit for the rest of the war.
Biography
Early life
Andreas Domorowski was born in Mahrisch-Ostrau, in the present day Czech Republic, on 30 November 1894. He was of Sudeten German heritage.
Russian Front service
See also Aerial victory standards of World War I
In 1915, he was conscripted into the Austro-Hungarian military and volunteered for aerial service as soon as he finished recruit training. He had a natural talent for flying. When he completed pilot's training in June 1916 by earning Austrian Pilot's Certificate No. 382, he was posted to Flik 29. This squadron operated Hansa-Brandenburg C.I two-seater reconnaissance craft on the Russian Front. Dombrowski arrived at a time of vigorous aerial activity linked to the Brusilov Offensive.
On 17 August 1916, he and his observer were credited with driving down a two-seater Voisin aircraft in a ten minute fight during which Dombrowski outflew his opponent while his observer manned the machine gun.
Service on the Romanian Front
Flik 29 then transferred to the Romanian Front in late September 1916. There the Austro-Hungarians faced formidable opponents. The Romanian and French pilots were reinforced by Russian squadrons, which were equipped with Anatra reconnaissance airplanes and recent model SPADs. Despite this bitter opposition, Dombrowski excelled at long range reconnaissance and photographic missions, conducted effective artillery direction missions, and bombed the enemy in his Hansa-Brandenburg C.I. He soon became so highly regarded as a pilot that officers vied with one another to fly with him.
In his normal course of flying, Dombrowski was bound to clash with his enemies. On 5 February 1917, with Karl Patzelt flying in the rear seat, the Austro-Hungarian air crew was attacked by an enemy Nieuport. They forced it to land in a ravine in enemy-held territory, west of Comănești.
Dombrowski flew on into summer. On 13 June 1917, at 0930 hours, he clashed with an intercepting Nieuport fighter. After a short dogfight, the Nieuport was forced to land northwest of Onești.
Eight days later, on 21 June 1917, with Karl Patzelt once again in Domborwski's rear seat, they engaged another Nieuport fighter. This one was shot down to crash in a forest north of Borșani.
On 10 July 1917, Dombrowski flew a mission with an observer who usually manned an observation balloon's gondola. The pair came across a "three-engined large aircraft" and shot it down into enemy territory near Soveja. It was Andreas Dombrowski's fifth aerial victory.
Dombrowski's heroic feats had not gone unrewarded. He had received both the Silver and Gold Medals for Bravery; the latter was the highest award available for a noncommissioned officer. The Prussians also bestowed a War Merit Medal on him.
The Italian Front
In April 1918, Dombrowski transferred again, this time to fly fighters with Flik 68J in northern Italy. His commanding officer there was his former observer, Karl Patzelt. They were out on a late morning squadron patrol on 4 May 1918 when they were attacked by two flights of Sopwith Camels. Dombrowski used his Albatros D.III's machine guns to light a Camel afire in midair. When he returned to the dogfight, he took a bullet to the face that forced him to crashland. Patzelt and another Austro-Hungarian pilot were killed in action during the fight.
After his recovery, Dombrowski went to a photo reconnaissance unit, Flik 57Rb, which flew two-seater Phönix C.Is in addition to Hansa-Brandenburg C.Is. He proved to be quite talented in using specialized airborne cameras for photographic mapping.
Dombrowski would fly with Flik 57Rb until war's end. He then vanished into obscurity.
Footnotes
Citations
References
Austro-Hungarian World War I flying aces
People from Ostrava
People from Austrian Silesia
1894 births
Year of death missing
The Defence Science and Technology Group (DSTG) is part of the Australian Department of Defence dedicated to providing science and technology support to safeguard Australia and its national interests. The agency's name was changed from Defence Science and Technology Organisation (DSTO) on 1 July 2015. It is Australia's second largest government-funded science organisation after the CSIRO and its research outcomes have enhanced Defence capability and supported operations for over 100 years.
The Chief Defence Scientist leads DSTG. The position is supported by an independent Advisory Board with representatives from defence, industry, academia and the science community. DSTG has an annual budget of approximately $440 million and employs over 2500 staff, predominantly scientists, engineers, IT specialists and technicians.
DSTG has establishments in all Australian states and the Australian Capital Territory with representatives in Washington, London and Tokyo. It collaborates with science and technology organisations around the world to strengthen its technology base and works with Australian industry and universities to enhance defence capability. DSTG is a member of The Technical Cooperation Program (TTCP) with the United States, United Kingdom, Canada and New Zealand. It also has bilateral defence science agreements with the USA, UK, France, Sweden, Netherlands, Norway and Singapore. In February 2012, DSTG was given the whole-of-government responsibility to co-ordinate research and development for Australia's national security.
History
DSTG has a history of delivering innovative science to support the Australian Defence Force. The Defence Science and Technology Organisation (DSTO), was created in 1974 by amalgamating the Australian Defence Scientific Service with the Science Branch of the Department of Defence. Over the next 20 years various other Australian Defence laboratories were integrated with DSTO, including what remained of the Weapons Research Establishment, responsible for the Woomera test range.
1907 – Defence science begins in Australia.
1910 – The start of explosives research at a guardhouse (called the Chemical Adviser's Laboratory) at Victoria Barracks, Melbourne.
1911 – Defence Explosive Factory Maribyrnong established at Maribyrnong.
1912 – Small Arms Factory established at Lithgow.
1921 – Munitions Supply Board created within Department of Defence.
1922 – Chemical Adviser's Laboratory became the Munitions Supply Laboratories (MSL) of the Munitions Supply Board.
1929 – Proof Range established at Port Wakefield.
1939 – Aeronautical & Engine Research Test Laboratory established at Fishermans Bend as part of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) Division of Aeronautics.
1940 – Department of Munitions established. Salisbury Explosives Factory and Finsbury Munitions Factory built within rural environs of Adelaide.
1946 – Munitions Supply Laboratories (MSL) established at Finsbury, South Australia (later known as Woodville North when the suburb name was changed) as a branch of MSL at Maribyrnong.
1946 – Anglo-Australian Joint Project established at Woomera, with aviation support at RAAF Base Mallala.
1947 – Long Range Weapons Establishment (LRWE) formed in Salisbury, South Australia to support the guided weapons facility at Woomera.
1948 – Munitions Supply Laboratories changes its name to Defence Research Laboratories.
1949 – Fishermans Bend laboratory transferred from CSIR (Council for Scientific and Industrial Research) to the Department of Supply & Development; renamed Aeronautical Research Laboratories (ARL). Australian Defence Scientific Service established, incorporating LRWE and the Defence Research Laboratories.
1949 – Laboratory established in Alexandria, NSW as part of Defence Research Laboratories to undertake research in physical metallurgy and metallurgical chemistry areas.
1949 – Three new laboratories formed in Salisbury – High Speed Aerodynamics Laboratory, Propulsion Research Laboratory and the Electronics Research Laboratory, collectively known as the Chemistry & Physics Research Laboratory.
1953 – Defence Research Laboratories changes its name to Defence Standards Laboratories.
1955 – LRWE and all the Salisbury laboratories amalgamated to form the Weapons Research Establishment (WRE). RAAF Base Edinburgh established near Salisbury, superseding Mallala.
1956 – The Royal Australian Navy (RAN) Experimental Laboratory established.
1957 – Black Box flight recorder invented by Dr David Warren – originally named the ARL Flight Memory Unit. Its descendants are now installed in large airline aircraft and most military aircraft.
1958 – The Army Food Research Laboratories were formally established at Scottsdale, Tasmania under the Quartermaster General Branch, Army Headquarters. The Laboratories' role included research and development of foods for the three Services. Laboratories renamed Defence Food Research Establishment-Vegetable Dehydration Division in 1958.
1960 – The Defence Food Research Establishment-Vegetable Dehydration Division renamed The Army Food Science Establishment.
1961 – The Army Food Science Establishment renamed The Army Food Research Station.
1962 – Joint Tropical Research Unit (JTRU) established in Innisfail, Queensland and operated jointly with the British Ministry of Defence.
1967 – Built and launched WRESAT, Australia's first artificial satellite.
1969 – RAN Experimental Laboratory changes name to RAN Research Laboratory (RANRL).
1971 – The Army Food Science Establishment renamed the Armed Forces Food Science Establishment.
1972 – ARL transferred to the Department of Manufacturing Industry.
1974 – As a result of Defence restructuring, the Defence Science & Technology Organisation (DSTO) is created by integrating the Australian Defence Scientific Service, the in-house R&D units of the Armed Services and the Science Branch of the Department of Defence. Defence Standards Laboratories becomes the Materials Research Laboratories (MRL).
1975 – Official transfer of all Defence R&D activities to DSTO in the Department of Defence. The Armed Forces Food Science Establishment (AFFSE) became part of the Service Laboratories and Trials (SLT) division of DSTO.
1977 – Joint Tropical Trials and Research Establishment established (JTTRE), merging JTRU and Tropical Trials Establishment situated at Cowley Beach, Queensland.
1977 – MRL, Woodville North transferred to CSIRO Division of Materials Science.
1978 – WRE split into four smaller laboratories: Weapons Systems Research Laboratory (WSRL), Electronics Research Laboratory (ERL), Trials Research Laboratory (TRL) and Advanced Engineering Laboratory (AEL). The four laboratories were collectively known as the Defence Research Centre Salisbury (DRCS).
1982 – The Armed Forces Food Science Establishment became a part of Materials Research Laboratories (MRL).
1984 – RAN Research Laboratory transferred to WSRL.
1985 – Materials Research Laboratories, Alexandria, NSW transferred to Army.
1987 – Five year restructuring of DSTO laboratories begins. New Surveillance Research Laboratory created and WRE's Electronics Research Laboratory reorganised. RANRL transferred to MRL and renamed.
1989 – Control of Cowley Beach was returned to the Army and Innisfail became MRL, Qld.
1992 – The UK-Australia Tropical Research agreement terminated.
1991 – WSRL abolished to leave four laboratories in DSTO.
1994 – ARL and MRL merge to form the Aeronautical & Maritime Research Laboratory (AMRL) headquartered in Fishermans Bend. Surveillance Research Laboratory and Electronics Research Laboratory merge to form the Electronics & Surveillance Research Laboratory (ESRL) headquartered in Salisbury, leaving only two laboratories in DSTO.
1994 – The Armed Forces Food Science Establishment was renamed The Defence Food Science Centre (DFSC).
1997 – ESRL complex rationalised and new "Knowledge Systems Building" in Edinburgh, South Australia, (the newly renamed part of Salisbury containing DSTO), officially opened. The Defence Food Science Centre (DFSC) was renamed Defence Nutrition Research Centre (DNRC). Port Wakefield Proof Range became the Proof and Experimental Establishment.
2002 – DSTO restructured, resulting in three laboratories: Platforms Sciences Laboratory, Systems Sciences Laboratory and Information Sciences Laboratory.
2002 – DSTO, along with the Royal Australian Air Force and the Canadian Forces, wins the ICAS von Karman Award for International Cooperation in Aeronautics for its international program assessing the fatigue life of the F/A-18 A/B Hornet aircraft.
2003 – Maritime Operational Analysis Centre (MOAC) opened at Garden Island, Sydney
2004 – H A Wills Structures and Materials Test Centre officially opened at Fishermans Bend.
2004 – CBRN functions transferred from Maribyrnong to Fishermans Bend.
2004 – Torpedo Systems Centre and Maritime Experimentation Laboratory opened at DSTO Edinburgh
2005 – Laboratory Directors renamed to DCDS (Deputy Chief Defence Scientist):
Director, Platforms Sciences Laboratory renamed DCDS (Platforms & Human Systems),
Director, Systems Sciences Laboratory renamed DCDS (Policy & Programs),
Director, Information Sciences Laboratory renamed DCDS (Information & Weapon Systems) and
First Assistant Secretary, Science Policy renamed Chief, Science Planning & Coordination Division.
Air Operations Division to report to DCDS (Platforms & Human Systems).
New stand-alone Information Integration Branch created in Edinburgh under DCDS (Information & Weapon Systems).
2006 – DSTO and US Air Force sign agreement on Hypersonic International Flight Research Experimentation (HIFiRE) Program.
2007 – DSTO Maribyrnong shut down in May with all personnel moved to a new facility within the existing DSTO Fishermans Bend site.
2007 – DSTO establishes Brisbane laboratory to undertake hypersonics research.
2007 – DSTO celebrates 100 Years of Defence Science and Technology in Australia
2007 – Personnel at DSTO Canberra Fern Hill Park moved to new facilities at Fairbairn.
2008 – DSTO Pyrmont commenced move to Eveleigh.
2008 – Professor Robert Clark appointed Chief Defence Scientist, the first external appointment to the post since 1991.
2009 – DSTO and US Air Force complete first successful launch under the Hypersonic International Flight Research Experimentation (HIFiRE) Program, confirming that the test vehicle turned onto the correct heading and elevation for re-entry into the atmosphere as designed.
2010 – DSTO organises the Multi Autonomous Ground-robotic International Challenge with US Army.
2012 – DSTO, along with the US Air Force Research Laboratory, Boeing Research & Technology and the University of Queensland, wins the ICAS von Karman Award for International Cooperation in Aeronautics for collaboration on the Hypersonic International Flight Research Experimentation (HIFiRE) Program.
2012 – Dr Alex Zelinsky appointed Chief Defence Scientist in March 2012.
2015 – DSTO becomes DSTG.
2019 – Professor Tanya Monro appointed Chief Defence Scientist, first woman in this position.
Sites
DSTG has its headquarters at Fairbairn in Canberra with sites in each state of Australia:
South Australia: Edinburgh and Port Wakefield north of Adelaide.
Victoria: Fishermans Bend in Melbourne.
New South Wales: Eveleigh in Sydney.
Queensland: Pullenvale in Brisbane, and Innisfail in north Queensland.
Western Australia: HMAS Stirling at Rockingham, south of Perth
Tasmania: Scottsdale
It also has a presence in the Russell Offices in Canberra, in the Australian Capital Territory.
Previous sites have included:
Fern Hill Technology Park in Bruce, a suburb of Canberra
Pyrmont, on the shore of Sydney harbour
Maribyrnong in Melbourne
Chief Defence Scientist
The Chief Defence Scientist of Australia leads the Defence Science & Technology Group (DSTG Group). Prof. Tanya Monro is the current Chief Defence Scientist, having taken up the role in March 2019.
Organisational structure
The More, Together: Defence Science and Technology Strategy 2030 was launched in May 2020 and sets the directions for defence science and technology (S&T) out to 2030. It includes initiatives to focus resources on Defence's highest strategic priorities, and supports more streamlined transitioning of ideas into capability. The key objectives of the Strategy are to focus on larger S&T programs supporting Defence strategic priorities, increase scale by partnering with the national S&T enterprise and international partners, deliver impact and a capability edge through streamlined and secure innovation pathways.
The Strategy is underpinned by three strategic pillars and introduces the Science, Technology and Research (STaR) Shot concept. While the STaR Shots focus the national S&T enterprise on Defence objectives to deliver leap-ahead capabilities, the strategic pillars enable the STaR Shots and support the broader Defence S&T program.
Previously, the launch of DSTG's five-year Strategic Plan 2013–18 helped to streamline its organisational structure to better reflect Defence priorities and align with the 2013 Defence White Paper. The new structure came into effect from 1 July 2013 and provided three Corporate Divisions: Science Strategy and Program Division, Science Partnerships and Engagement Division and Research Services Division along with seven Research Divisions: Maritime Division, Land Division, Aerospace Division, Joint and Operations Analysis Division, National Security and Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Division, Cyber and Electronic Warfare Division, and Weapons and Combat Systems Division.
Equipment
Aircraft
A53 Beech 1900C
See also
ANSTO (Australian Nuclear Science and Technology Organisation) – Australia's national nuclear organisation and the centre of Australian nuclear expertise
CSIRO (Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation) – the national government body for scientific research in Australia
NICTA (National ICT Australia) – Australia's national information and communication technology research centre
South Australian Aviation Museum – repository of DSTG's historic rocket collection from the period 1950 – 1980.
TTCP (The Technical Cooperation Program) – An international defence science and technology collaboration between Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States.
References
External links
Official DSTG Website
About DSTG
DSTG Divisions
DST Group History and Historical Publications
Unclassified Scientific Publications (about 4,000)
Military of Australia
Australian Defence Force
Leadership of the Australian Defence Force
Scientific organisations based in Australia
Defence agencies of Australia
Defence science and technology agencies
Articles containing video clips
"Rio Grande" is a song by American musician Brian Wilson from his 1988 album Brian Wilson. It was written and produced by Wilson and Andy Paley, and co-produced by Lenny Waronker. Its modular set of movements hearkened back to the style that Brian Wilson used during the "Good Vibrations"/Smile era with musique concrète. "Rio Grande" was evidence that he could still create brilliant, pictorial landscapes of music similar to Smile whenever he had the freedom, confidence, and courage to do so. It is the longest piece of music in the Brian Wilson catalogue at eight minutes and 12 seconds.
Background
Waronker and Seymour Stein, the President of Sire Records, encouraged Wilson to make an impressionistic collage that had made Smile an interesting listening experience. Eugene Landy suggested to Brian to make a suite about the development of an individual. However, it was Lenny Waronker who insinuated to Brian to undertake a more complex, revealing, and provisional composition with an Old West theme inspired by the Howard Hawks film Red River and also the movie Rio Grande. A Hawaiian theme was also being considered at the time but was dropped in favor of a Western theme. According to Wilson, "He wanted me to get a little bit into that kind of Smile bag, and I did. Some of it took on characteristics of the Smile album, but that's all, just characteristics. It wasn't directly influenced by Smile, just the vibes of it, the basic feeling of it."
Work on "Rio Grande" began on October 1, 1987, which happened at the same time as a major Los Angeles earthquake that resulted in eight deaths and $350 million in property damage. Paley remarked, "Both Brian and the tremors took some adjusting to." A similar concept being worked on during the same period involved "Saturday Morning in the City" and "Saturday Evening in the City" about describing an ordinary Californian suburban weekend but was soon dropped. Early titles before "Rio Grande" was chosen included 'Baby, Child, Adult,' 'Child, Adult, and Parent,' and "Life's Suite." The lyrics of "Life's Suite" (pun intended), written by Landy, were brought in at the last moment and were rejected out of hand by Waronker.
Content and lyrics
"Rio Grande" presents a series of episodic music segments meant to illustrate a trip across an American frontier. According to Paley, "Brian was really into writing this as a survival thing, the idea of a little man against the big men and making it on your own … the misunderstandings that must have happened between travelers on the same trail and how scary that must have been."
Wilson's favorite part of the song was the "Take Me Home" section. He explained that the narrator of the song "has so many obstacles that he just wants to go home. He wants to run away from all that stuff and go back to his home, wherever that might be, [like] in the sky. That's symbolism, right? God cannot be conceived of, so therefore we give him a literal meaning that he's in the sky, so that people can understand what is being said."
Reception
Landy acknowledged, "'Rio Grande' is 20% of the album, and it isn't something you can dance to. Lenny should be congratulated for pushing Brian in that direction."
In her review of Brian Wilson, critic Deborah Wilker highlighted "Rio Grande" as "the kind of immensely fulfilling progressive pop with which art-rock bands such as Yes and Genesis formerly toyed, but rarely brought to satisfying completion."
References
Citations
Bibliography
Brian Wilson songs
Songs written by Brian Wilson
Song recordings produced by Brian Wilson
1988 songs
Song recordings produced by Lenny Waronker
Progressive pop songs
Songs written by Andy Paley
Hyacinthe de Gailhard-Bancel (1 November 1849 – 22 March 1936) was a French politician, lawyer, and pioneer of agricultural syndicalism. He was (1899–1910, 1912–1924).
Biography
Born on 1 November 1849 in Allex, Gailhard-Bancel was grandson of .
Gailhard-Bancel was a Christian socialist in his politics. He is also credited by historian Kevin Passmore as a "pioneer of agrarian corporatism", dreaming of the day that French peasants would "look upon the château and say 'there's our star'". He has been named as a pioneer of agricultural syndicalism, believing syndicates would form a link between the nation's political system and its peasantry. Gailhard-Bancel's ideology has been called a precursor to the rural Catholic Action movement.
From 1884, Gailhard-Bancel engaged himself with the formation of agricultural unions in the Drôme and collaborated with Christian socialist movements. Gailhard-Bancel held the office of Deputy of the Ardèche from 1899, ending with his defeat by an opponent in 1910. This opponent's term ended in 1912 with their death, at which point Gailhard-Bancel won back the office, holding it until 1924, when he was beaten again. After this defeat, Gailhard-Bancel retired from politics.
Gailhard-Bancel was a member of the Société d'archéologie, d'histoire et de géographie de la Drôme in 1913 and in 1920.
Gailhard-Bancel died on 22 March 1936, in Allex.
Works
Les parlers locaux au point de vue social (1897)
Quinze années d'action syndicale (1900)
Les syndicats agricoles aux champs et au parlement, 1884-1924 (1929)
References
1849 births
1936 deaths
People from Drôme
Politicians from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Popular Liberal Action politicians
Members of the 7th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 8th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 9th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 10th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 11th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 12th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Irena Ondrová (19 June 1949 – 5 June 2021) was a Czech politician who was a Senator from Zlín 1 from 1996 to 2002 representing the Civic Democratic Party (ODS). She also served as mayor of Zlín from 2006 to 2010.
Background, education and personal life
Until 1994, Ondrová worked in Zlín kindergartens as a teacher, in the last one of which she became a principal. In 2003, she completed her studies in culturology at the Faculty of Arts of Charles University.
Political career
Ondrová joined the ODS in 1992. From 1994 to 1998 and 2002 to 2006, she served as Deputy Mayor of Zlín for Education, Culture and Social Affairs, and she served as Mayor from 2006 to 2010.
In the 1996 elections, Ondrová became a member of the Senate, the upper house of the Czech parliament when she defeated KDU-ČSL candidate Jaromír Schneider in both rounds. She served on the Senate as Vice-Chair of the Committee on Petitions, Human Rights, Science, Education and Culture from 1996 to 1998 and 2000 to 2002, which she chaired from 1998 to 2000. Ondrová defended her mandate in the 2002 election, and although she won the first round with 30.36% of the vote, she received 42.97% of the vote in the second round and was not elected.
Ondrová had been a member of the Rada pro rozhlasové a televizní vysílání since 2003; her term expired in July 2015.
References
1949 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Czech women politicians
21st-century Czech women politicians
Civic Democratic Party (Czech Republic) Senators
Charles University alumni
People from Chomutov
100 Flowers may refer to:
A Hundred Flowers Campaign, a Chinese political movement
A Hundred Flowers Awards, an annual film award voted by Chinese audiences
A Hundred Flowers (newspaper), a Minneapolis underground newspaper of the 1970s
Urinals (band), previous name of the punk rock band 100 Flowers
Wrld or WRLD may refer to:
WRLD, radio station in Alabama, United States
Juice Wrld (1998–2019), American rapper, singer, and songwriter
WRLD, a Monstercat DJ.
See also
World (disambiguation)
St James Holdings Limited was a company set up by tycoon Mike Ashley, specifically to acquire shares of Newcastle United Football Club during his 2007 takeover. The company name was a reference to St James' Park, the stadium of Newcastle United.
In 2021 company sold its holding in the club to a consortium consisting of PCP Capital Partners, Reuben Brothers and the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia (PIF).
2007 – Newcastle United takeover bid
23 May
On 23 May 2007 English businessman Mike Ashley bought Sir John Hall's stake in Newcastle United F.C of 41.6% for £55,342,223, valuing the club at £132,810,710.35, he then launched a formal takeover bid at 100p per share. This was a 14% rise on the price at closing on the London Stock Exchange the day before. Chairman Freddy Shepherd, who was in hospital at the time of the bid suffering from a punctured lung, said that he planned to fight the takeover and not allow Mike Ashley to get his hands on his 29.8%.
Under the terms of UK takeover law, having purchased more than 30% of a listed company, he was obliged to make an offer to buy the remaining shares at the same or a greater price.
31 May
On 31 May it was reported that the Newcastle board were considering Ashley's offer. It is widely believed that Mike Ashley then owned around a 54% stake in the club meaning that Freddy Shepherd's 29.8% was then useless and he could have been removed from his position as chairman by the new majority shareholders.
7 June
On the 7 June 2007 Freddy Shepherd and Shepherd Offshore Services Ltd. agreed to sell their stake in Newcastle United and released a statement urging other shareholders to do the same. It was announced that Shepherd would remain in the role of chairman.
15 June
Confirmation came on the 15 June that Mike Ashley and St. James' Holdings had acquired slightly over 77% of the club. This means that Mike Ashley could delist the company from the stock exchange, with the date of 18 July being mentioned in the release.
26 June
On 26 June 2007, Ashley gained the 90% of shares needed to compulsorily acquire the final 10% of shares. On the same day, directors Bruce Shepherd, Allison Antonopoulos, Tim Revill and Douglas Hall formally resigned from the board and both Chris Mort and Steve Hayward were appointed.
18 July
On 18 July 2007, the shares of Newcastle United PLC were delisted from the London Stock Exchange.
2008 – Possible sale
In September 2008 the club manager Kevin Keegan (who had been appointed in January) left the club. The European style of management introduced by the Ashley regime was cited as the reason for his departure. The fans of the club began to protest outside St James' Park and the players' performance suffered. This pressure led to Mike Ashley releasing a statement and putting the club up for sale. The London-based investment bank Seymour Pierce was appointed to handle the sale of the club.
On 28 December the sale was called off.
2009/10 – Relegation and Promotion
After Newcastle United were relegated from the Premier League to the Championship on 24 May 2009, it is likely that the club will be sold. According to media reports on 31 May 2009, Ashley is attempting to sell the club again. The lowered asking price due to the relegation was £100 million.
On 27 October the sale was again called off. At the same time Ashley decided to sell the naming rights to St. James' Park - namesake of the holding company. This again angered fans. In April 2010 it was confirmed that the club was to return to the Premier League; this is likely to increase the value of the club once again. The club was reportedly up for sale for periods of time over the following years.
2021 – Sale of the club
In 2020 Ashley agreed to sell the club to a consortium consisting of PCP Capital Partners, Reuben Brothers and the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia (PIF). However, the sale was blocked until over a year later, and was finally completed on 7 October 2021, selling the club for £305 million.
References
Text largely from Newcastle United and Mike Ashley (businessman) articles.
External links
St James Holdings at Companies House
British companies established in 2007
British companies disestablished in 2021
Newcastle United F.C.
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Himeji, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Harima-Takaoka Station is served by the Kishin Line, and is located 3.8 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of two ground-level opposed side platforms connected by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company
History
Harima-Takaoka Station opened on September 1, 1930. With the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987, the station came under the aegis of the West Japan Railway Company.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 1731 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 2
Seiban Driving School
Chichibu Mountain Park
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Himeji
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1930
Jagapathi Babu is an Indian actor who predominantly appears in Telugu-languages films. He made his debut in Telugu with the Simha Swapnam (1989) which was produced by his father and directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao. His first commercial success film is Peddarikam released in 1992. He had his breakthrough in Gaayam directed by Ram Gopal Varma in 1993. In 1994, through Subha Lagnam he established his stardom. He won the Nandi Award for Best Actor in 1996 for his role in Maavichiguru directed by S V Krishna Reddy.
His first Tamil was Madrasi, and in 2011, he appeared as the antagonist in Tamil film Thaandavam. Subsequently, he played the lead role in Jai Bolo Telangana, which won five Nandi Awards. In 2012, he debuted in the Kannada film Bachchan as a cop. In 2016, he made his Malayalam debut Pulimurugan as an antagonist.
In August, 2015, an autobiographical TV series Samudram was announced which also marks his debut in television.
Acting roles
Telugu
Other languages
Narrator
Dubbing artist
Notes
References
Indian filmographies
Male actor filmographies
Tejay may refer to:
Tejay, Kentucky
Tejay Antone (born 1993), American baseball player
Tejay van Garderen (born 1988), American cyclist
Tejay Johnson (born c. 1989) American college football player
See also
TJ (disambiguation)
Tjay (disambiguation)
Shut Up and Dance are an English duo that fused hip hop, house and hardcore. They are acknowledged as one of the pioneers of breakbeat hardcore and jungle music.
Career
The group was formed in 1988 in Stoke Newington, London, by Philip 'PJ' Johnson and Carlton 'Smiley' Hyman. In 1990, they made the lower end of the UK chart with two singles, "£20 to Get In" and "Lamborghini", both released on their own record label, Shut Up and Dance Records. At this time, they also worked with the Ragga Twins for the first time and produced their first releases.
In 1992, they reached No. 43 with their double A-side single "Autobiography of a Crackhead / The Green Man", before hitting the headlines in May of that year when they released "Raving I'm Raving", based on Marc Cohn's hit single "Walking in Memphis". Upon its release, Cohn obtained an injunction to stop production of further copies of the single due to the lack of clearance. A court order was also sought to prevent the sale of any copies already produced, but Cohn was persuaded to allow such sales on condition that all the proceeds went to charity. This caused panic-buying of the copies on sale, as consumers knew that no more would be produced. The single soared to No. 2 in the UK Singles Chart, but plummeted to No. 15 the following week, before leaving the chart completely. Nevertheless, the No. 2 chart position earned them a live performance slot on BBC One's Top of the Pops alongside Bassheads, Don-E and Lisa Stansfield on the 28 May 1992 episode, though as they could not perform the "Walking in Memphis" melody they had to sing the lyrics to another tune.
Shut Up and Dance released one further single from their Death Is Not the End album, "The Art of Moving Butts", which featured singer Erin. The album itself reached No. 38 in the UK Albums Chart in June 1992.
Throughout 1994/5, they released a number of jungle tracks under the alias 'Red Light'. This was followed by the 1995 album Black Men United which encompassed jungle, downtempo, reggae and hip hop. A single from this album, "Save It 'Til the Mourning After", which sampled Duran Duran's hit "Save A Prayer", reached No. 25 on the UK chart and was track 14 on Now That's What I Call Music! 30. In 1995 "Walking in Memphis" was remade by Cher for her twenty-first studio album titled It's a Man's World and when it was released as a single on 16 October 1995 it came with remixes by Shut Up and Dance.
In the early 2000s, they re-emerged releasing a number of UK garage tracks, followed by the breakbeat album Reclaim the Streets.
Discography
Albums
Dance Before the Police Come (Shut Up and Dance, 1990)
Death Is Not the End (Shut Up and Dance, 1992) - UK No. 38
Black Men United (Pulse 8, 1995)
Reclaim the Streets (Shut Up and Dance, 2004)
The Great British Public (Shut Up and Dance, 2007)
Compilations
How the East Was Won 1989-2009 (Shut Up and Dance, 2009)
Singles
"5, 6, 7, 8", (Shut Up and Dance, 1989) - UK No. 42
"£20 to Get In / Raps My Occupation", (Shut Up and Dance, 1989) - UK No. 56
"Lamborghini / A Change Soon Come" (Shut Up and Dance, 1990) - UK No. 55
"Dance Before the Police Come" (Shut Up and Dance, 1991)
"Derek Went Mad / This Town Needs a Sheriff" (Shut Up and Dance, 1991) - UK No. 81
"Autobiography of a Crackhead / The Green Man" (Shut Up and Dance, 1992) - UK No. 43
"Raving I'm Raving" (Shut Up and Dance, 1992) - UK No. 2
"The Art of Moving Butts" (Shut Up and Dance, 1992) - UK No. 69
"Hands in the Air" (Shut Up and Dance, 1994)
"Say Party" (Shut Up and Dance, 1994)
"Save It 'Til the Mourning After" (Pulse 8, 1995) - UK No. 25
"I Love U" (Pulse 8, 1995) - UK No. 68
"Black Men United" (Pulse 8, 1995)
"The Weekend's Here" (Pulse 8, 1995) - UK No. 82
"Green Man" (Shut Up and Dance, 1998)
"Hold Me Down" (Shut Up and Dance, 1998)
"Got Em Locked" (Shut Up and Dance, 1998)
"Psycho Jump" (Shut Up and Dance, 1999)
"No:Doubt" (Shut Up and Dance, 2001)
"Moving Up" (Shut Up and Dance, 2001)
"4th Floor" (Shut Up and Dance, 2002)
"Heaven on Earth" (Shut Up and Dance, 2002)
"Reclaim the Streets" (Shut Up and Dance, 2003)
"Release the Gimp" (Shut Up and Dance, 2003)
"Arrest the President" (Shut Up and Dance, 2003)
"SuperNova" (Shut Up and Dance, 2003)
"Sensation / Culture Clash" (Shut Up and Dance, 2007)
"Outta National / Da Night Bus" (Shut Up and Dance, 2007)
"Make the Needle Jump" (Shut Up and Dance, 2007)
"Glory Days / All Loved Up" (Shut Up and Dance, 2007)
"Come to Turn It Out" (Shut Up and Dance, 2008)
"Epileptic" (Shut Up and Dance, 2008)
"Cream" (Shut Up and Dance, 2009)
"Tell Me / Love Will" (Shut Up and Dance, 2009)
"Suicide" (Shut Up and Dance, 2009)
See also
Ragga Twins
References
External links
Shut Up & Dance website
English house music duos
Breakbeat hardcore music groups
Drum and bass duos
Hardcore techno music groups
Electronic dance music duos
UK garage duos
Black British musical groups
Male musical duos
Musical groups established in 1988
Musical groups from the London Borough of Hackney
The 1995 Lao League was the sixth season of top flight football in Laos. Pakse FC and Education Team FC won the championships. The tournament won by Pakse was apparently a tournament from which teams from Vientiane were excluded and Education Team won a separate tournament exclusively for teams from Vientiane.
References
Lao Premier League seasons
Laos
Laos
1
Adultery is a form of extramarital sex.
Adultery may also refer to:
Adultery (Do-Re-Mi album)
Adultery (Dog Fashion Disco album)
Adultery (1945 film), a 1945 Mexican film
Adultery (1989 film), a 1989 South Korean film
Adultery (novel), a 2014 novel by Paulo Coelho
See also
The Adulteress (disambiguation)
Melodica Men is a YouTube channel created by Joe Buono and Tristan Clarke, who perform an eclectic mix of music as melodica duets.
History
Their first viral hit was a performance of Igor Stravinsky's Rite of Spring in September 2016, gaining 1.5 million views in a single day. Their repertoire includes Bizet, Tchaikovsky and Gershwin as well as music from Star Wars and Queen. They have performed as soloists with the Jacksonville and Atlanta Symphonies and have appeared on ABC's The Gong Show and NBC's America's Got Talent.
Commentary about the channel notes the pair's musicianship and versatility. Clarke, an alumnus of the Juilliard School, is principal trumpet with the Jacksonville Symphony and Buono, also a brass player, who has masters' degrees from Peabody Conservatory, is a teacher and composer. They have developed their own model of Melodica, the MM37.
On 23 August 2020, an update was sent to Melodica Men Patreons, stating that the two would be focusing on touring performances with orchestras as well as music education activities, and that no further videos were likely.
References
Male musical duos
American musical duos
American YouTubers
American male YouTubers
Luigi Carlo Giuseppe Bertero (b. Santa Vittoria d'Alba, October 14, 1789 d. April 1831, – South Pacific Ocean) was an Italian physicist, physician, naturalist, botanist, bryologist and pteridologist. He explored the West Indies between 1816 and 1821 coinciding with the Venezuelan scientist and later president, José María Vargas in Puerto Rico although there is no evidence of any exchange between them. During his two voyages, February 1828 to September 1830 and between March and May 1830, he collected and described the flora of Chile. He also examined plants native to the Pacific island of Juan Fernandez, as well as Guadeloupe, Haiti, Puerto Rico, and Colombia. He is presumed lost in a shipwreck while sailing from Tahiti to Chile.
Eponyms
The American teacher, ornithologist and botanist Ralph Hoffman (1870–1932) named a cactus, Opuntia berteri, after Bertero.
The genus Berteroa is named after Carlo Berteroa Bertero.
Genera:
(Brassicaceae) Berteroa DC.
(Cactaceae) Opuntia berteroi (Colla) A.E. Hoffm.
(Cactaceae) Opuntia berteri (C.F. Först.) E. F. Anderson
Abbreviation (botany)
. (see the list of all the genera and species described by this author in IPNI). The following lichens are named in honor of Bertero:
Biatora berteroana Mont. (1852)
Brigantiaea berteroana (Mont.) Trevis. (1853)
Pseudocyphellaria berteroana (Mont.) Redon (1977)
Sticta berteroana Mont. (1835)
Lecidea berteroana (Mont.) Nyl. (1855)
See also
List of people who disappeared mysteriously at sea
Bibliography
VIGNOLO-LUTATI, F.: L'opera botanica del dott. Carlo Bertero di S. Vittoria d'Alba (1789–1831) nelle antille e Sud-America (1816–21 e 1827–31) quale risulta dalle collezioni dell'ist. ed orto botanico d. Univ. di Torino.. Turín: Librería Le Colonne, 1955.
MATTIROLO, O.: Nel I centenario della trágica scomparsa del celebre botanico esploratore medico carlo bertero di santa vittoria d'alba. Estudio Bibliográfico: Bosio Giovanni - Magliano Alpi, 1932.
References
Further reading
1789 births
1830s missing person cases
1831 deaths
19th-century explorers
19th-century Italian botanists
People lost at sea
Syrotyne () may refer to several places in Ukraine
Syrotyne, Sievierodonetsk Raion, Luhansk Oblast, village in Sievierodonetsk Raion
Syrotyne, Svatove Raion, Luhansk Oblast, village in Svatove Raion
Syrotyne (border checkpoint), border checkpoint in the above village
Syrotyne, Sumy Oblast, village in Sumy Raion
Carolyn Carlson (born 1943) is an American born French nationalized contemporary dance choreographer, performer, and poet. She is of Finnish descent.
She is the director of the Centre Chorégraphique National in Roubaix and of the Atelier de Paris at La Cartoucherie de Vincennes in Paris.
She was awarded the title of Chevalier des Arts et des Lettres of the French Republic.
Career
She initially studied dance at the San Francisco School of Ballet and at Utah University. In 1965 she joined the Alwin Nikolaïs dance company in New York becoming an outstanding dancer of the company.
In 1968 she won the International Dance Festival in Paris as Best Dancer (Meilleur Danseur).
In 1971, she joined the Anne Béranger dance company and in 1972 she presented Rituel pour un rêve mort at the Avignon Festival. Successively she was invited to join the London School of Contemporary Dance as an instructor, performer and choreographer.
In 1974 she met Rolf Liebermann and was invited to join the Paris Opera as a choreographer.
In 1975 she directed the Groupe de Recherches Théâtrales (GRTOP). Creations of this period include Density 21,5 ; The Architects ; This, that and the other; Slow, heavy and blue. Beginning 1974 she taught her improvisation and composition techniques in masterclasses held at the rotonde of the Opéra.
In 1980 she was at the 'Teatro la Fenice' in Venice. Works of this period include Undici Onde; Underwood; Blue Lady.
In 1985 she was back in Paris where she performed at the 'Théâtre de la Ville' presenting Dark ; Still Waters and other works.
In 1991–1992 she was in Finland (Elokuu ; Syyskuu ; Maa). She also directed the Cullberg Ballet of Stockholm for two years (Sub Rosa).
She presented several solo choreographies such as Blue Lady (1984), Vu d'ici (1995). Other works include choreographies for dancers such as Nina Hyvärinen, Talia Paz, Marie-Claude Pietragalla, Tero Saarinen.
In 1998, she won the Prix Benois de la Danse as choreographer.
She was the director of the Dance sector of the Venice Biennale (Biennale Danza - Venice, Italy) from 1999 to 2002. Works there include Parabola (1999), Light Bringers (2000), J. Beuys Song (2001), Writings on water (2002). In Venice she opened the contemporary dance academy Accademia Isola Danza and created a festival.
She has performed in improvisations with artists such as Larrio Ekson, Jorma Uotinen, Malou Airaudo, and with musicians such as Michel Portal, John Surman, René Aubry, Joachim Kuhn, Trilok Gurtu, Lubomyr Melnyk.
She creates repertory pieces for the Paris opera (Signes), Opéra de Bordeaux (Hydrogen Jukebox).
Timeline
1965–1971 – Leading figure in the Alwin Nikolais company
1974–1980 – Etoile-Chorégraphe at the Paris Opera Ballet (GRTOP)
1980–1984 – Artistic Director of the Teatro La Fenice, Venice
1985–1991 – Resident Artist at the Théâtre de la Ville, Paris
1991–1992 – Resident Artist at the Helsinki City Theater and the Finnish National Ballet
1994–1995 – Artistic Director of the Cullberg Ballet, Stockholm
1999–2002 – Artistic Director of the dance section of the Venice Biennale
Since 1999 – Artistic director of the Atelier de Paris - Carolyn Carlson, Master classes centre
Since 2004 – Artistic Director of the National Choreographic Centre of Roubaix Nord-Pas de Calais
Since 2014 - Creation of the Carolyn Carlson Company, in residence at the Théâtre National de Chaillot – Paris
References
External links
Carolyn Carlson bibliography at UNESCO Office Venice
Carolyn Carlson at Biennale de la Dance 2008
Carolyn Carlson at Federal Agency of Culture and Cinematography
Carolyn Carlson at CCN Roubaix
Carolyn Carlson at the Biennale Danza (in Italian)
1943 births
Living people
American expatriates in France
American female dancers
American dancers
American people of Finnish descent
Prix Benois de la Danse winners
American choreographers
Paris Opera Ballet étoiles
Patricia Morrissey is a former camogie (Irish women's stick-and-ball team sport) player, winner of the Elvery Cup for the short-lived ‘Miss Camogie' award in 1971. From Quilty, County Clare, Co Clare, she played for the UCD Ashbourne Cup winning team and captained Dublin to the 1971 junior All Ireland title.
References
External links
Camogie.ie Official Camogie Association Website
On The Ball Official Camogie Magazine Issue 1 and issue 2
Living people
Clare camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
UCD camogie players
Metrioglypha viridicosta is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 21 mm. The costal part of the forewings is yellowish cream extending to the middle dorsally and terminating at the apex. The costal strigulae (fine streaks) are white. The dorsal part of the wing is whitish suffused with greenish. The hindwings are greyish brown but paler basally.
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Ulakhan Fault is a left-lateral moving transform fault that runs along the boundary between two tectonic plates in northeast Asia, the North American Plate, and the Okhotsk Plate. It runs from a triple junction in the Chersky Range in the west, to another triple junction with the Aleutian Trench and the Kuril Trench in the east. From the offset of dated geomorphological features, a slip rate of 5.3±1.3 mm per year has been measured, consistent with estimates from GPS constrained global plate models. The analysis of fault scarps along the fault zone in the Seymchan Basin suggests that the fault is characterised by occasional large (>7.5) earthquakes.
References
External links
International Seismic-Volcanic Workshop on Kamchatkan-Aleutian Subduction Processes (KASP), Fourth Workshop, Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky August 21-27, 2004
Plate tectonics
Seismic faults of Asia
Geology of the Russian Far East
Seismic faults of North America
Sir George Louis Goudie (30 April 1866 – 30 April 1949) was an Australian politician.
He was born at Homebush to schoolteacher George Goudie and Caroline Ashton. After attending state schools he acquired a farm at Birchip, and from 1904 also had a share in storekeeping firms. From 1895 to 1910 he served on Birchip Shire Council, with two terms as president from 1898 to 1899 and from 1907 to 1908. On 9 September 1890 he married Alice Maud Watson, with whom he had five sons. In 1910 he moved to Egerton, serving on Ballan Shire Council from 1914 to 1916, when he moved to Hopetoun. From 1917 to 1922 he served on Karkarooc Shire Council. In 1919 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Council for North Western Province; he was the first representative of the Victorian Farmers' Union, soon to become the Country Party, in that body. In 1923 he was appointed Minister of Public Works and Mines, a post he held until March 1924 and again from November 1924 to 1927. He was Minister of Water Supply from 1932 to 1935, Minister for Labour from 1932 to 1934, Minister of Electrical Undertakings from 1934 to 1935 and Minister of Public Works and Immigration from 1935 to 1943. Knighted in 1939, he led the government in the upper house from 1942 to 1943. Goudie died in 1949 at Elsternwick.
References
1866 births
1949 deaths
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Council
Australian Knights Bachelor
The rufous-bellied swallow (Cecropis badia) is a species of swallow that breeds on the Malay Peninsula. It has faintly streaked deep rufous underparts, and an unstreaked rump. It is usually raised to species status from its closest relative, the striated swallow.
References
rufous-bellied swallow
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
rufous-bellied swallow
Azurin is a small, periplasmic, bacterial blue copper protein found in Pseudomonas, Bordetella, or Alcaligenes bacteria. Azurin moderates single-electron transfer between enzymes associated with the cytochrome chain by undergoing oxidation-reduction between Cu(I) and Cu(II). Each monomer of an azurin tetramer has a molecular weight of approximately 14kDa, contains a single copper atom, is intensively blue, and has a fluorescence emission band centered at 308 nm.
Azurins and pseudoazurins participate in the denitrification processes in bacteria., including the gram-negative bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa, by interacting with cytochrome c551. Azurin from P aeruginosa is a type I blue copper protein (cupredoxin), while cytochrome c551 (9 kDa) is a haem-containing cytochrome. Azurin possesses a relatively large hydrophobic patch close to the active site, and two residues in this hydrophobic patch, Met-44 and Met-64, are believed to be involved in its interaction with the redox partners cytochrome c551 and nitrite reductase.
Although unrelated to its electron-transfer property, azurin has been found to have anticancer properties through its interaction with tumor-suppressor protein p53.
Protein function
In its oxidized form, azurin (Cu2+Az) receives an electron from its redox partner and is reduced according to the following reaction:
Cu2+Az + e− -> Cu+Az
The redox potential is 310 mV.
The highly-interconnected beta-sheet structure of azurin is strongly coupled with its electron-transfer center (the copper-binding side). Considerable experimental evidence exists to suggest that hydrogen bonds play a role in the long-distance electron transfer mechanism of azurin. Taken together, these observations suggest that electrons tunnel through the protein along its polypeptide and hydrogen bonds, making azurin a useful model system for studying long-range, intraprotein electron transfer (LRET).
Protein structure
Azurin is a monomeric protein that weighs approximately 14 kDa and is composed of 128 amino acids forming eight beta-strands arranged in a beta-barrel formation. The strands are connected by turns and a single alpha-helical insertion. A single-atom copper binding site is located about 7 Å below each monomer's surface towards its northern end; the copper atom that inhabits it is coordinated by five ligands surrounded by an extensive hydrophobic patch.
The three equatorial copper ligands are composed of a thiolate (Cys112) and two imidazoles (His46, His117), and the carbonyl oxygen atoms of Gly45 and Met121 serve as the two weak axial ligands. With the exception of Gly45, the copper-binding configuration above is common to the structures of all blue type 1 copper-binding proteins determined thus far. Once coordinated, the ligand-metal complex assumes a distorted, trigonal bi-pyramidal geometry that stabilizes the cuprous (Cu(I)) reduced state of the protein relative to the cupric (Cu(II)) oxidized state. Structurally imposed backbonding between the copper d orbitals and its ligand p orbitals may further stabilize the cuprous state.
Existing structural information about azurin has largely been derived from X-ray crystallography studies of single-site mutated forms of the protein. Notable structural features elucidated by crystallography include the beta-sandwich motif formed from eight interlocking beta strands, as well as an alpha-helical segment outside the barrel linking beta-sheets 4 and 5.
Although the Cu(I)/Cu(II) redox potential is typically higher for azurin than most other copper complexes, structural studies in which Met121 (one of azurin's equatorial copper-coordinating ligands) is replaced have demonstrated that the absence of a thiolate copper ligand does not preclude high reduction potentials, as large hydrophobic residues in position 121 also raise the redox potential of the copper atom. Thus, the higher redox potentials have been attributed to the exclusion of water from the metal-binding site, a condition augmented by the presence of bulky hydrophobic residues.
Conversely, negatively charged residues lower the redox potential, since they stabilize the more positively charged cupric form of the copper ion.
Biological function
When expressed in nitrogen-fixing organisms, azurin serves as the electron donor to nitrite reductase, an enzyme in the denitrification pathway of the nitrogen cycle.
Azurins support oxidative deamination of primary amines by passing electrons from aromatic amine dehydrogenase to cytochrome oxidase, as well as from some c-type cytochromes to nitrite reductases.
Disease relevance
Azurin has garnered significant attention as a potential therapeutic for various diseases, including cancer. In vivo, it has been demonstrated to induce regression of human melanoma and breast cancer tissue with minimal toxic effects to the organism.
Azurin enters preferentially into cancer cells via the p28 domain of the enzyme, which roughly corresponds to the extended alpha-helical region of the enzyme. In cancer cells, azurin complexes with p53, stabilizing it and preventing association with E3 uiquitin ligases, which would otherwise bind and mark the protein for destruction. Four azurin molecules bind each p53 monomer with high affinity. The p53/azurin complex travels to the nucleus, where p53 upregulates the transcription of proapoptotic genes Bax and Noxa. P53 also activates the expression of cell-cycle inhibitors, preventing tumor cells from progressing beyond the G1 or S phase. Although this pathway plays a significant role in azurin's anticancer activity, the details of the interaction between azurin and p53 are not well understood.
A phase I clinical trial in the United States demonstrated both partial and complete tumor regression effects in fifteen stage IV cancer patients treated with the p28 amino-acid fragment of azurin. Another phase I trial with the p28 fragment demonstrated azurin's therapeutic effects against pediatric patients with brain tumors; subsequently, the USFDA approved the designation of p28 as an orphan drug for glioma.
Azurin's other domains may also exhibit strong anticancer activity by binding to cell surface receptor tyrosine kinases such as EphB2 receptors, which induce angiogenesis in cancer cells. This is another mechanism by which azurin has been proposed to exhibit its therapeutic effects.
See also
Plastocyanin family of copper-binding proteins
References
Copper proteins
Ihor Dziuba (born 1983) is a Ukrainian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
European Allround Championships
2008 - Kolomna, 30th
National Championships
2004 - Kyiv, 3rd at 5000 m
2004 - Kyiv, 3rd at 1500 m
2004 - Kyiv, 3rd at 1000 m
2004 - Kyiv, 3rd at 10000 m
External links
Dziuba at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Dziuba at SkateResults.com
1983 births
Ukrainian male speed skaters
Living people
The Laboring Sons Memorial Grounds is a memorial ground in Frederick, Maryland located between 5th and 6th Street on Chapel Alley. The cemetery was established by the Laboring Sons Beneficial Society in 1851 as a cemetery for free blacks in the city. In 1949 the cemetery would be given to the City of Frederick who destroyed the grounds and created a whites-only park. In 1999 the original nature of the grounds was rediscovered. In 2000 the City of Frederick promised to make amends for what happened with the grounds. In 2001 the site was dedicated as the Laboring Sons Memorial Grounds. Construction on the new memorial grounds finished in 2003.
Physical description
The Memorial grounds are 1.17 acres in size and are located between 5th and 6th Street on Chapel Alley; they take up most of the block. The park is surrounded by sidewalks on 3 sides. The entrance, located on the side bordering 6th Street, has a metal archway. The sidewalks bisect sidewalks and lead towards a hill in the center on which there stands a monument to those who are buried on the grounds. The monument lists of the names of the identifiable dead buried on the grounds, along with a brief history of the grounds, and a note commemorating the Laboring Sons Memorial Committee and the City of Frederick for their work to restore the grounds.
History
Establishment and decline
The Laboring Sons Beneficial Society was founded in 1837 "for the purpose of relieving or alleviating both spiritually and temporally any member of us who may be distressed and to see that his mortal remains be interred with decency." It would not see official incorporation though until 1867, when the Maryland General Assembly passed an act incorporating it. Its membership consisted of both free and enslaved blacks from Frederick; free blacks at the time numbered around 790 or about 16% of the city's population. They established the cemetery, purchasing 1.17 acres of land for $265, located between 5th and 6th Street on Chapel Alley, in the Historic District of Frederick, in 1851. At the time there were few cemeteries in which blacks could be buried in the city, and even in those the amount of available space was limited. In 1852, a quarter of the cemetery was divided in 12 foot by 16 foot plots with white marble corner posts. As time went on the remainder of the grounds were sold off as burial plots in order to fund the society's activities.
In 1862 half of the Laboring Sons Beneficial Society split off into the Workingmen's Society due to disagreements within the group.
By 1949 the cemetery had an estimated 1,500 bodies buried in it, but there was nobody left to care for the grounds, and they had deteriorated. A photo in a 1948 newspaper showed the cemetery covered in weeds and underbrush. Garland Makel Jr., grandson of one of the last of the society's officials, said, "There was nobody left to take care of it any more, everybody with any connection to the place had died or moved away." After a special meeting of the lot holders in Laboring Sons that took place on 1 October 1948, they gave the grounds to the City of Frederick, who in turn, promised to restore the grounds to their original condition. The agreement proposed to the city, which the city accepted, was: that the city would maintain the land as a public park and playground with the name Laboring Sons Memorial Park, that no further burials would be permitted unless the city decided to allow a black hero, scientist, artist, or athlete to be buried, that a monument be erected, that the park would be open to colored residents of the city, all the monuments and stones currently in the cemetery would be left undisturbed, and that the city would fund a study regarding juvenile delinquency amongst the colored youth and propose solutions to fix it. The memorial tablet that the city had promised to erect was never erected.
Instead of restoring the grounds, in 1949 the city removed the remaining grave stones and headstones from the cemetery. Newspapers at the time reported that some of the remains in the cemetery were disturbed. The workmen buried some of the headstones to provide a smooth surface for laying black-top. The city then covered the grounds in black-top, added recreational equipment (such as swings and a basketball court) and converted the grounds into a whites-only park which they named Chapel Park. During the construction, a list of the names of those interred at the site began to be compiled, but was stopped after reaching only 161 names.
Municipal workers who helped move the grave stones underground said that they had just done as they were told and that no bodies had been moved. Makel also said that no bodies were removed from the site, but an official from Fairview Cemetery has said that some of the bodies were moved to Fairview Cemetery. Lord Nickens, a civil rights activist in Frederick, also claims that some of the bodies were removed and moved to Fairview Cemetery. The city has no record of any objections at the time to what was done to the cemetery. William O. Lee Jr. speculated that most people who had living descendants probably had their remains moved to Fairview Cemetery and that those who remained had nobody to object for them. For some time after this the original use of the grounds was forgotten.
Rediscovery
In the 1990s a Frederick resident, Jackie Berry, decided to research her great-great-uncle's burial location. His death certificate stated he was buried in Laboring Sons Cemetery. She made the connection that Laboring Sons Park might be the location of Laboring Sons Cemetery. Around the same time former alderman Bill Lee and Bernard Brown, grand master of the Black Elks Lodge, were urging the city to acknowledge what had happened and make amends.
In 1999 the City of Frederick decided to rename all of the alleys in the city, with a particular emphasis on naming them after historical prominent black citizens. The Gazette heard about the grounds because a local resident, living near Chapel Park, suggested that Chapel Alley ought to be named Laboring Sons Alley in recognition of Laboring Sons Beneficial Society and in memory of those buried under the park. The article, run in the Gazette in 2000, helped bolster support for restoring the grounds. A newspaper reporter noticed that, on an old map in city hall, the grounds were labeled "Colored Cemetery" dispelling the idea that the city may have destroyed the grounds out of ignorance of their purpose.
In January 2000 the board of alderman unanimously promised to make amends and honor those buried on the grounds with a plaque. In February 2000, a retired engineer, who remembered when the incident happened, and had worked on the grounds, and helped record the names of those interred there, showed city officials a map of the cemetery along with a partial list of names of those interred, allowing them to discover the location of the graves within the site. These documents put an end to speculation about whether or not there were any dead buried under the site. After the names were found the plans for the plaque were changed from a plaque simply describing the history of the grounds to a plaque that would also list the names of those buried there.
A committee was formed in June 2000 to research the site and plan a memorial. An archaeologist company in Frederick volunteered to do a remote sensing on the grounds for free and found 10 possible burial shafts in two areas of the park. The committee suggested to the city that it remove all recreational equipment from the site, remove the asphalt, erect a monument with the names, birth dates, and death dates of those interred, along with a description of the site, create paths and benches on the sites that were not over identified graves, build another play area in the community, and rededicate the location as Laboring Sons Memorial Park.
Restoration
Work on the memorial was fraught with "delay and inaction" for two and a half years after the committee issued its suggestions. Roelky Myers, director of parks and recreation for Frederick in 2003, said that the committee the city set up for the memorial were unaware that they would have to go through the Historic District Commission, leading to delays. In the week leading up to 13 September 2002 the Frederick Historic District Commission approved the basic design of the memorial park along with the design of the 4 foot tall and 11 foot wide granite monument to be erected there. The city's director of historic preservation, Barbara Wyatt, volunteered to design a memorial park to put on the site, and to champion the effort. William O. Lee Jr., a member of the committee formed in 2000, said, "Without her we wouldn't be this far". The design for the park evolved from a simple design with some benches and paths to a much more elaborate setup with trees, bisecting pathways, and retaining walls that are short enough to sit on. City officials promised to rename it Laboring Sons.
The city earmarked $40,000 of federal grant money for restoration of the park. Another $60,000 was acquired from a combination of donations and the city's capital improvement program.
Jennifer Dougherty, who was elected mayor of Frederick in 2002, promised during her campaign that she would restore the grounds, saying that, "It seems logical to say a burial ground should never become something other than a burial ground, or at least a place of honor." When she was elected Mayor she approved work to identify those who were buried in the grounds and made work on the grounds one of her priorities.
Construction of the memorial park was hindered by the discovery of bodies and having to bring in "copious amounts of dirt" in order to cover them. The dirt was used so that any construction would happen on the new top layer of soil and the bodies interred would remain undisturbed. As work was done on the site the State's Attorney was notified anytime that a new body was found.
In 2001 the site was dedicated as a memorial garden and the name changed to Laboring Sons Memorial Ground; in 2003, on Martin Luther King Jr. Day, the site was rededicated as a memorial ground and a plaque was erected listing the names of the 117 people known to be buried there. A second re-dedication ceremony was done on 20 June 2003 when construction on the site had finished
References
Cemeteries in Maryland
Historic sites in Maryland
Monuments and memorials in Maryland
African-American cemeteries
Yang Amat Mulia Pengiran Anak Khairul Khalil (born 28 February 1975) is the eldest son and second child of Pengiran Syed Haji Jaafari bin Pengiran Syed Haji Mashor and Hajah Dayang Sarabanun bini Haji Abdi Manaf. The eldest child in the family is a daughter and Pengiran Khairul Khalil also has two younger siblings: a brother and sister.
Pengiran Khairul Khalil holds a BTEC Higher National Diploma in Building Studies from the University of Teesside, United Kingdom. He is currently the Assistant Executive Officer at the Prime Minister's Office. His hobbies are graphic designing, multimedia and video production, interior designing, and football.
Marriage
On 10 June 2007, Pengiran Anak Khairul Khalil married Princess Majeedah Bolkiah.
Issue
They had issue, one son and one daughter:
'Abdu'l Hafeez. Born at Istana Nur ul-Iman, Bandar Seri Begawan, on 18 March 2008.
Raihaanah Hanaa-Ul Bolqiah. Born at Istana Nur ul-Iman, Bandar Seri Begawan, on 6 January 2010.
References
1975 births
Bruneian people of Arab descent
Bruneian royalty
Living people
Alumni of Teesside University
is a mountain located in the centre of the Akaishi Mountains−Southern Alps, within Minami Alps National Park, Japan. It is on the border of Shizuoka and Nagano Prefectures. It is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains.
At 3,047 m tall, it is the 16th tallest mountains and hills of Japan. There is the mountaineering route on from a ridge in Akaishi Mountains.
History
1902 - Toranosuke Ienaka climbed the top for the Surveying investigation. Afterwards, the Triangulation station was set up in the peak on the west side.
1964 - The Mount Shiomi region was specified for the new Minami Alps National Park.
1977 - Shiomi mountain hut was built on the west of the summit .
Gallery
References
See also
List of mountains in Japan
100 Famous Japanese Mountains
Three-thousanders (in Japan)
Akaishi Mountains
Minami Alps National Park
Akaishi Mountains
Mount Shiomi
Mountains of Nagano Prefecture
Mountains of Shizuoka Prefecture
Mount Shiomi
Anders Grøndal (born 4 March 1984) is a Norwegian rally and hill climb driver. His co-driver is Trond Svendsen.
He has so far won:
5 Norwegian championship gold, 3 Norwegian championship silver, 2 Norwegian championship bronze
Anders Grøndal is the third generation rally driver in his family. He grew up with motorsport. His grandfather Nils Fredrik Grøndal and father Stein Grøndal were active rally and rally cross drivers. His uncle Knut Fredrik Grøndal was also a Norwegian hill climb champion.
2002
In 2002 Anders and the team visited former works driver John Hauglands Rally School to see what the level was in which they could compete. After doing several tests and John Haugland recognizing the potential Anders has, the team decided to buy a Subaru Impreza STi and aim to reach to top of Group N within 3 years, starting in the 2003 season.
2003
The first year of rally for Bilbutikken WRT (Subaru jr Team) with a Subaru Impreza STi built by Rune Dalsjø Rally Team. Henning Elvekrok was the team's first co-driver. Anders and Henning won their first Group N victory in Rally Sørland 2003. During the season Subaru Norway already had Morten Østberg in WRC as their senior team and wanted a young team in their Gr.N Subaru. Henning Elvekrok was therefore replaced with younger co-driver Trond Inge Østbye in the middle of the season. Anders took his first championship points in Aurskog Høland Rally 2003.
The team ended the season third in the Subaru Cup.
2004
For the 2004 season Bilbutikken WRT (Subaru jr team in 2004) bought their first brand new Subaru Rally car from Prodrive. The N9 car proved to be much quicker than the Norwegian build 2001 car the team used in 2003. Anders and Trond Inge won their first overall victory in a non-championship rally called Eidskogsprinten. They also achieved their first fastest stage time in a championship round.
In 2004 Anders and Trond Inge also did their first WRC round in Sweden.
2005
In 2005 the team got the Subaru Impreza N11 2005 Group N car. It was the first N11 to be built and the car therefore experienced a lot of problems, so the team had to fall back to the N9 car in the beginning of the season. During the season the problems with the N11 car were fixed and Anders achieved his goal of winning a championship round in three 3 years when he won the 2005 Rally Hedemarken. In 2005 they also competed in a few hill climb races achieving a silver medal in the championship.
2006
The team got the Subaru Impreza WRC 2004 SWRT that Petter Solberg used in Monte Carlo and Swedish rally 2005 (WT53 SRT) the car was re-registered to KF81149 when it got to Norway. The team had the best start to the season with overall win in the first Norwegian rally championship round in Mountain Rally. This was Anders and Trond Inge's first overall win in the Norwegian championship! The next event was the trial event for WRC Rally Norway. A third place overall in the rally was a good result for the team. The team was in the fight for the title for most of the season, but the young team was to eager and crashed in the final rallies and ended at a disappointing 5th overall.
2007
The 2007 season gave the team 10 total victories. And a podium finish in every other rally they finished. Overall in the Norwegian championship Anders ended up third behind Mads Østberg and Thomas Schie.
This was the first year Anders did the full hill climb season. It was a great season where Anders set hill records in all but one hill. Here he won its first Norwegian championship gold medal.
This was the last year Trond Inge Østbye was co-driving for the team. He was replaced mid-season by earlier Norwegian champion for co-drivers Ragnar Engen and X jr world champion Jonas Anderson.
2008
In the 2008 season Anders crashed his Subaru Impreza WRC in a hill climb rally. The team therefore had to borrow a car from another driver, that car failed with an engine problem in Aurskog, ending all hopes for a championship title.
2009
Anders wasn't very lucky in the 2009 rally season, in the first rally they had to retire on the second stage after a miscommunication with the co-driver. At the second rally the first teams on the track were challenged by a snow blizzard, slowing them down. The 2009 rally season was ended with a 4th position overall. In the hill climb competition the team had more luck and won all races and ended with the golden medal. Another good victory was the golden medal in the WRC tarmac cup.
2010
A good season for Anders when looking at the results: Norwegian champion in Rally and Hill climb, driving 4 PWRC rounds and winning the PWRC stage on tarmac in France.
On a personal level Anders was less lucky when he broke his back during the rally of Stavanger, after he recovered he was 1.5 cm shorter!
This was the worst crash in Anders rally career.
2011
Again a great hill climb season, Norwegian champion hill climb winning all events, won all the heats in every event for third year in a row and is unbeaten in 46 heats in a row.
Silver in the Norwegian Rally championship, won three events (Sigdalsrally, Rally Hadeland and Aurskog Høland.
Leading PWRC events for the first time in Sweden and Portugal. Won 8 out of 11 stages in Sweden before retired with engine fail.
Career results
WRC results
* Season still in progress.
PWRC results
WRC-2 results
* Season still in progress.
External links
Profile at eWRC-results.com
Official website
Norwegian rally drivers
World Rally Championship drivers
Living people
1984 births
The Nebula Award for Best Novelette is given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) to a science fiction or fantasy novelette. A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a novelette if it is between 7,500 and 17,500 words; awards are also given out for pieces of longer lengths in the Novel and Novella categories, and for shorter lengths in the Short Story category. To be eligible for Nebula Award consideration a novelette must be published in English in the United States. Works published in English elsewhere in the world are also eligible provided they are released on either a website or in an electronic edition. The Nebula Award for Best Novelette has been awarded annually since 1966. The Nebula Awards have been described as one of "the most important of the American science fiction awards" and "the science-fiction and fantasy equivalent" of the Emmy Awards.
Nebula Award nominees and winners are chosen by members of SFWA, though the authors of the nominees do not need to be members. Works are nominated each year by members in a period around December 15 through January 31, and the six works that receive the most nominations then form the final ballot, with additional nominees possible in the case of ties. Soon after, members are given a month to vote on the ballot, and the final results are presented at the Nebula Awards ceremony in May. Authors are not permitted to nominate their own works, and ties in the final vote are broken, if possible, by the number of nominations the works received. The rules were changed to their current format in 2009. Previously, the eligibility period for nominations was defined as one year after the publication date of the work, which allowed the possibility for works to be nominated in the calendar year after their publication and then be awarded in the calendar year after that. Works were added to a preliminary list for the year if they had ten or more nominations, which were then voted on to create a final ballot, to which the SFWA organizing panel was also allowed to add an additional work.
During the 57 nomination years, 225 authors have had works nominated; 49 of these have won, including co-authors and ties. Ted Chiang has won three times out of three nominations, and Poul Anderson, Kelly Link, George R. R. Martin, Sarah Pinsker, and Connie Willis have each won twice out of five, two, four, six, and five nominations, respectively. One of Anderson's nominations was under the pseudonym Michael Karageorge. Ursula K. Le Guin has the most nominations of any author with seven, including one win and not including one withdrawn nomination. James Patrick Kelly and Richard Bowes are tied for the most nominations without winning at six.
Winners and nominees
In the following table, the years correspond to the date of the ceremony, rather than when the novelette was first published. Each year links to the corresponding "year in literature". Entries with a blue background and an asterisk (*) next to the writer's name have won the award; those with a white background are the other nominees on the shortlist.
* Winners and joint winners
See also
Hugo Award for Best Novelette
Notes
References
External links
Nebula Awards official site
Awards established in 1966
Novelette
1966 establishments in the United States
Short story awards
The men's 5000 metres event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney, Australia, at International Athletic Centre on 23 and 25 August.
Medalists
Results
Final
25 August
Heats
23 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 27 athletes from 19 countries participated in the event.
References
5000 metres
Long distance running at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Isiaih Latrell Mosley (born May 3, 2000) is an American college basketball player for the Missouri Tigers of the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
High school career
Mosley attended Rock Bridge High School in Columbia, Missouri. As a senior, he averaged 23.2 points and 6.9 rebounds per game, leading his team to the Class 5 state championship, its first-ever state title. He was named Mr. Show-Me Basketball as the top high school player in Missouri. Mosley competed for MOKAN Elite on the Amateur Athletic Union circuit. He committed to playing college basketball for Missouri State over offers from Bradley, Mississippi State, Missouri and SMU. He joined the team with his high school teammate Ja'Monta Black.
College career
On January 18, 2020, Mosley had a freshman season-high 23 points and eight rebounds in a 68–58 win over Evansville. As a freshman, he averaged 8.3 points and 3.6 rebounds per game. On January 3, 2021, Mosley scored 29 points, including 23 in the second half, in a 77–60 win over Indiana State. He became the first Missouri State player to score 20-plus points in five straight games since Johnny Murdock in 1995. In his next game, on January 9, Mosley recorded 29 points, eight rebounds and five assists in an 81–68 victory over Valparaiso. As a sophomore, he averaged 19.8 points, 6.3 rebounds and 3.1 assists per game. Mosley was named to the First Team All-Missouri Valley Conference as well as conference Most Improved Player. On January 8, 2022, he scored a career-high 43 points in a 85–84 loss to Northern Iowa. On January 22, Mosley scored 40 points in a 79–69 upset of Loyola–Chicago. He repeated on the First Team All-Missouri Valley Conference as a junior. For the season, Mosley averaged 20.4 points, 6.2 rebounds, and 2.3 assists per game. On April 6, 2022, he declared for the 2022 NBA draft while maintaining his college eligibility. He withdrew from the NBA draft on May 28, 2022, officially returning to college for his senior season. He visited Mississippi State, and also received interest from Kansas, Kansas State, and Texas Tech. On June 6, 2022, Mosley announced on his Instagram page that he had committed to transfer to Missouri, headlining the first recruiting class for new coach Dennis Gates.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Missouri State
| 32 || 10 || 21.9 || .472 || .403 || .865 || 3.6 || 1.1 || .6 || .3 || 8.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"| Missouri State
| 24 || 24 || 33.7 || .505 || .386 || .847 || 6.3 || 3.1 || 1.0 || .1 || 19.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021–22
| style="text-align:left;"| Missouri State
| 34 || 32 || 31.6 || .504 || .427 || .902 || 6.2 || 2.3 || 1.2 || .2 || 20.4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 90 || 66 || 28.7 || .498 || .410 || .874 || 5.3 || 2.1 || .9 || .2 || 15.9
References
External links
Missouri State Bears bio
2000 births
Living people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American sportspeople
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Missouri
People from Macon, Missouri
Missouri State Bears basketball players
Rock Bridge High School alumni
Shooting guards
Small forwards
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Lagrange Peak () is a conspicuous peak, high, standing northeast of Strath Point on the southeast coast of Brabant Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica. A point on the coast just south of this peak was first charted and the name Lagrange applied by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache, 1897–99. On one of the photos published by the expedition, the name is applied to the southern tip of the island. To avoid confusion, the generic term has been altered and the name applied to this peak.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 62. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, Tolworth, UK, 1980.
Brabant Island to Argentine Islands. Scale 1:250000 topographic map. British Antarctic Survey, 2008.
See also
Larvik Harbour, a small bay southwest of Lagrange Peak
References
External links
Mountains of the Palmer Archipelago
KiteLife (KL) was an American magazine devoted to kites. The magazine was in circulation between 1998 and 2014. The magazine is no longer in circulation but the website remains active with both free access and paid accounts. It hosts archives of every magazine issue, archives of several other kite-related publications including Kite Lines Magazine and Stunt Kite Quarterly, a collection kite videos and tutorials, and an active discussion board.
Creation
Founded in 1998 by Mike Gillard of Ohio, KiteLife Magazine was the first on-line publication 100% devoted to the sport of kite flying and its community. Featuring articles, reviews and interviews with notable kite fliers, Kitelife offered a wealth of kiting information and entertainment during a time when there were no other kite publications available. Building on the ideas and vision carried by such out-of-print kiting publications as Stunt Kite Quarterly, Kite Lines, American Kite Magazine and Kite Passion, Gillard published bi-monthly issues of Kitelife Magazine until the business changed ownership a few years later.
John Barresi
In January 2003, John Barresi became the sole owner of KiteLife. Having spent the 1997 sport kite season flying together on the Captain Eddie's Flying Circus sport kite team, Barresi shared the same desire to contribute to kiting through promotion, education and stimulation in his role as Webmaster of Kitelife. With Gillard's taking over the editorship of the American Kitefliers Association Kiting Magazine in recent years, Barresi assumed full ownership effective August 1, 2003.
John's history in kiting began in 1990 when we started flying recreationally in San Francisco, then went on to become a competitor on the national AKA and American Kite Magazine competition circuits... Since then, his experience expanded to include roles on three national championship sport kite teams, roughly 20 individual national championships, positions on several AKA committees and sub-committees, service as a board member on the Kite Trade Association's board of directors, judge at the 2006 World Sport Kite Championships, member of the 2007/2008 Red Bull Kite Performers team, founder of the RevGuild kite club and many other exploits, all of which have contributed to the wide variety of contacts, resources and material that drives Kitelife today.
Expansion
KiteLife expanded its realm of content very quickly with the gradual addition of what is now the largest single video collection of sport kite performances found anywhere on the World Wide Web, as well as a wide variety of Video Tutorials for sport kite pilots. Additionally, a discussion forum and photo gallery were added.
KiteLife went on to secure permission to reproduce some out of print magazines into PDF format so that it would again be accessible to the general public, free of charge. Publishers Valerie Govig of Kite Lines and Susan Batdorff of Stunt Kite Quarterly understood the historical value and agreed to share their creations with the world through KiteLife. It also contained complete archives of Kite Lines Magazine, which was published 1977 through 2000.
KiteLife serviced thousands of visitors every month and supports itself through the contributions of advertisers and subscription fees, as well as extensive involvement in web design for many of the top businesses and organizations in kiting. Although the main bulk of the content is free by principle, visitors are still encouraged to subscribe for additional features and the knowledge they are supporting a worthwhile cause.
References
External links
KiteLife Magazine
Kite Lines
Stunt Kite Quarterly
Bimonthly magazines published in the United States
Hobby magazines published in the United States
Online magazines published in the United States
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Kites
Magazines established in 1998
Magazines disestablished in 2014
The 2012–13 FC Energie Cottbus season is the 48th season in the club's football history. In 2012–13 the club plays in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga, the second tier of German football. It is the clubs fourth consecutive season in this league, having played at this level since 2009–10, after it was relegated from the Fußball-Bundesliga in 2009.
The club also took part in the 2012–13 edition of the DFB-Pokal, the German Cup, but was knocked out in the first round by fellow second division side SV Sandhausen.
Matches
Legend
Friendly matches
2. Bundesliga
DFB Pokal
Sources
External links
2012–13 Energie Cottbus season at Weltfussball.de
2012–13 Energie Cottbus season at kicker.de
2012–13 Energie Cottbus season at Fussballdaten.de
Energie Cottbus
FC Energie Cottbus seasons
Johan Olofsson may refer to:
Johan Olofsson (ice hockey) (born 1994), Swedish ice hockey player
Johan Olofsson (snowboarder) (born 1976), Swedish snowboarder
Kadılar, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Jastrebac (Cyrillic: Јастребац) is a village in the City of Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was 423, all Bosniaks.
References
Populated places in Zenica
Mercado de Campo de Ourique (, "Campo de Ourique Market") is a neighborhood food market located in Lisbon, Portugal.
The market originally opened in 1934. It was remodelled in 1991 and most recently in 2013 by António Maria Braga, winners of the 2019 Rafael Manzano Prize. The market includes gourmet food stalls.
See also
Mercado de San Miguel, Madrid
References
External links
Mercado de Campo de Ourique website
1934 establishments in Portugal
Buildings and structures in Lisbon
Tourist attractions in Lisbon
Retail markets in Portugal
Food markets
Lorne "Boom Boom" Benson (September 16, 1930 – April 3, 2012) was an award winning fullback who played in the Canadian Football League for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1951 to 1955.
Benson first played in 1951, but nonetheless won the Dr. Beattie Martin Trophy for Canadian rookie of the year in the west in 1952 on the strength of his 491 rushing yards. He rushed for a career-high 561 yards in 1953 and finished, after 5 years with the Blue Bombers, with 1671 rushing yards and 31 pass receptions, for 11 TDs.
He holds the CFL record for most points in a playoff game with 30 and most touchdowns in a playoff game with six. Both records were set on Oct. 28, 1953 against Saskatchewan.
Benson died April 3, 2012, at the age of 81.
References
1930 births
2012 deaths
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Audovacar (from Proto-Germanic *Audawakraz) is a masculine Germanic name.
Composed of the roots (wealth) and (awake), it may be translated "warden of riches" or "watchman of property" and is a kenning for lord. The name is attested in many variations. The first root may appear as , , , , or and is attested as a name on its own, Aud, in the 3rd century AD. The name Otto is a derivative.
The medieval German form was Ottokar, whence the Czech form Otakar. The Czech name Žiroslav (Polish Żyrosław) has the same meaning. The Greek name Plutarch also means "lord of wealth".
Attested forms
These forms are mentioned in .
Audacar
Audacrus
Audaccrus
Audgarius
Audagarius
Autcharius
Aotackar
Odowakar
Odakar
Odacrus
Otachar
Otacar
Otacarus
Otgarius
Otgar
Otger
Othgar
Otkger
Famous people
Adovacrius (5th century), Saxon leader in Gaul
Odoacer (d. 493), barbarian king of Italy
Autchar (8th century), Frankish diplomat
Eadwacer, character from the 9th-century Old English poem "Wulf and Eadwacer"
Notes
Bibliography
Germanic given names
Metro Building () is a station of the Qingdao Metro on Line 3, which opened on 16 December 2015.
References
Qingdao Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2015
William Marvell was an English executioner in the eighteenth century.
Marvell, a blacksmith by trade, conducted hangings at Tyburn starting in 1715. He lost his job due to debt in November 1717, and two years later he was convicted of theft after stealing "10 silk handkerchiefs."
See also
List of executioners
References
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
English executioners
Bijele Vode (Cyrillic: Бијеле Воде) is a village in the City of Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was nil, down from 85 in 1991.
References
Populated places in Zenica
The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) is a specialized agency of the United Nations responsible for promoting international cooperation on atmospheric science, climatology, hydrology and geophysics.
The WMO originated from the International Meteorological Organization, a nongovernmental organization founded in 1873 as a forum for exchanging weather data and research. Proposals to reform the status and structure of the IMO culminated in the World Meteorological Convention of 1947, which formally established the World Meteorological Organization. The Convention entered into force on 23 March 1950, and the following year the WMO began operations as an intergovernmental organization within the UN system.
The WMO is made up of 193 countries and territories, and facilitates the "free and unrestricted" exchange of data, information, and research between the respective meteorological and hydrological institutions of its members. It also collaborates with nongovernmental partners and other international organizations on matters related to environmental protection, climate change, resource management, and socioeconomic development.
Headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland, the WMO is governed by the World Meteorological Congress, composed of member states, which meets every four years to set policies and priorities. The Congress is led by an Executive Council led by the President, currently Gerhard Adrian of Germany.
Governance
The WMO was established by the Convention of the World Meteorological Organization, signed 11 October 1947 and ratified on 23 March 1950. The Convention serves as the constituent treaty of the WMO, setting forth its purposes, governance, and general framework.
The WMO hierarchy:
The World Meteorological Congress, the supreme body of the Organization, determines policy. Each member state and territory is represented by a Permanent Representative with WMO when Congress meets every four years. Congress elects the President and vice-presidents of the Organization and members of the Executive Council; and appoints the Secretary-General.
The Executive Council (EC) implements Congress decisions.
The Secretariat is an eight-department organization with a staff of 200 headed by a Secretary-General, who can serve a maximum of two four-year terms.
The annually published WMO Statement on the status of the World Climate provides details of global, regional and national temperatures and extreme weather events. It also provides information on long-term climate change indicators including atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases, sea level rise, and sea ice extent. The year 2016 was the hottest year on record, with many weather and climate extremes, according to the most recent WMO report.
As of August 2020, the WMO has a membership of 193 member states and territories.
WMO Strategic Plan
Disaster risk reduction
The Global Framework for Climate Services (GFCS)
The WMO Integrated Global Observing System (WIGOS)
Aviation meteorological services
Polar and high mountain regions
Capacity development
Governance
Meteorological codes
In keeping with its mandate to promote the standardization of meteorological observations, the WMO maintains numerous code forms for the representation and exchange of meteorological, oceanographical, and hydrological data. The traditional code forms, such as SYNOP, CLIMAT and TEMP, are character-based and their coding is position-based. Newer WMO code forms are designed for portability, extensibility and universality. These are BUFR, CREX, and, for gridded geo-positioned data, GRIB.
Recognitions received
In 2007, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), a joint creation of the WMO and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), received the Nobel Peace Prize "for their efforts to build up and disseminate greater knowledge about anthropogenic (man-made) climate change, and to lay the foundations for the measures that are needed to counteract such change."
World Meteorological Day
The World Meteorological Day is held annually on 23 March.
Use of the International System of Units
WMO states that "the International System of Units (SI) should be used as the system of units for the evaluation of meteorological elements included in reports for international exchange." The following units, which include units which are not SI units, are recommended by the WMO for meteorological observations:
Degrees Celsius (°C) for temperature, or alternatively Kelvin (K).
Metres per second (m/s) for wind speed.
Degrees clockwise from north (°) for wind direction, or alternatively on the scale 0-36, where 36 is the wind directly from north and 09 is the direct wind from east.
Hectopascals (hPa) for atmospheric pressure.
Percent (%) for relative humidity.
Millimetres (mm) for precipitation (or the equivalent unit kilograms per square metre (kg/m2))
Millimetres (mm) for evaporation.
Millimetres per hour (mm/h) for precipitation intensity, or alternatively kilograms per square metre per second (kg/m2/s)
Hours (h) for sunshine duration.
Metres (m) for visibility.
Metres (m) for cloud height.
Standard geopotential metre (m') for geopotential height.
Kilograms per square metre (kg/m2) for snow water equivalent.
Watts per square metre (W/m2) for irradiance.
Joules per square metre (J/m2) for radiant exposure.
Oktas for cloud cover.
Main public outreach materials
The World Meteorological Organization at a Glance
WMO Public website
WMO for Youth
WMO Bulletin (twice annually)
WMO Greenhouse Gas Bulletin (annually)
WMO Statements on the Status of the World Climate (annually)
In September 2020 the WMO published a high-level brief compilation of the latest climate science information from the WMO, GCP, UNESCO-IOC, IPCC, UNEP and the Met Office. The United in Science 2020 Report is subdivided into 7 chapters, which each have a list of key messages.
WMO awards and prizes
International Meteorological Organization Prize
Professor Dr Vilho Väisälä Awards
Norbert Gerbier-Mumm International Award (suspended in 2014)
WMO Research Award for Young Scientists
Professor Mariolopoulus Award
Membership
As of May 2019, WMO Members include a total of 187 Member States and 6 Member Territories.
Ten United Nations member states are not members of WMO: Equatorial Guinea, Grenada, Liechtenstein, Marshall Islands, Palau, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and San Marino. Cook Islands and Niue are WMO Members but non-members of the United Nations. Vatican City and State of Palestine and the states with limited recognition are not members of either organization.
The six WMO Member Territories are the British Caribbean Territories (joint meteorological organization and membership), French Polynesia, Hong Kong, Macau, Curaçao and Sint Maarten (joint meteorological service and membership) and New Caledonia. (List of all members with admission dates.)
Membership by regional associations
Region I (Africa)
Region I consist of the states of Africa and a few former colonial powers. Region I have 57 member states and no member territories:
Non-member
Equatorial Guinea
Region II (Asia)
Region II has 33 member states and 2 member territories. The member states are:
The member territories are:
Hong Kong
Macau
Region III (South America)
Region III consists of the states of South America, including France as French Guiana is an overseas region of France. It has a total of 13 member states and no member territories:
Region IV (North America, Central America and the Caribbean)
Region IV consists of the states of North America, Central America, and the Caribbean, including three European states with dependencies within the region. It has a total of 25 member states and 2 member territories. The member states are:
Region V (South-West Pacific)
Region V consists of 23 member states and 2 member territories. The member states are:
Region VI (Europe)
Region VI consists of all the states in Europe as well as some Western Asia. It has 50 member states:
States with membership in more than one region
A total of ten member states have membership in more than one region. Two nations are members to four different regions, while eight are members of two regions. These nations, with their regions, are as follows:
See also
Aircraft Meteorological Data Relay (AMDAR)
Cloud atlas
Global Atmospheric Research Program (GARP)
Global Climate Observing System
International Cloud Atlas
Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre
References
External links
(as of October 2018, this functions as a WMO Extranet for the WMO Community as an interim solution until a new WMO Community website can be launched)
United Nations specialized agencies
International climate change organizations
Meteorological organizations
Hydrology organizations
International scientific organizations
Standards organisations in Switzerland
United Nations Development Group
United Nations organizations based in Geneva
Scientific organisations based in Switzerland
Environmental organizations established in 1950
Scientific organizations established in 1950
1950 establishments in Switzerland
Pedrógão Grande (; ) is a municipality in the district of Leiria in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 3,915 in an area of .
The town itself has fewer than 2,000 inhabitants, with the remaining population living in several small villages surrounded by forests. The town center contains historical provincial gentry housing. The earliest town charter dates to 1206, when rights to hold a market were conceded by Afonso Pedro, natural son of Afonso II of Portugal; however, the current municipality was established only in 1898. The present mayor is Valdemar Gomes Fernandes Alves, an independent elected in 2013 by the Social Democratic Party. The municipal holiday is July 24.
The municipality is located in a large region of granite and shale in the basin of the Zêzere and Unhais rivers and the streams of Pêra and Mega, currently enlarged by the reservoirs of two large dams: Cabril and Bouçã. It has a typical Mediterranean climate: winters are cold, the summers dry and torrid. The reservoirs have affected the local climate, making it more gentle. These waters are rich in fisheries including black bass, barbo, and boga.
The municipality and surrounding region has suffered in the 2017 Portugal wildfires, leaving 64 dead, over 250 injured and forty evacuated villages.
Parishes
Administratively, the municipality is divided into three civil parishes (freguesias):
Graça
Pedrógão Grande
Vila Facaia
See also
2017 Portugal wildfires
References
Populated places in Leiria District
Municipalities of Leiria District
Venerable Adrian of Ondrusov (died August 26, 1549) was a Russian Orthodox monk and saint, venerated as a Wonderworker.
Born Andrew Zavalushin into a noble family, he was the owner of a rich estate (Andreevschina), which was located not far from the monastery of Saint Alexander of Svir. He accidentally encountered St Alexander while he was hunting in 1493, and after this often went to him for guidance, and helped supply the material needs for the ascetics. Eventually Andrew decided to enter the monastic life and was tonsured at Valaam Monastery on Lake Ladoga, receiving the religious name Adrian. Several years later, he received a blessing to live as a hermit on the peninsula of the Valaam archipelago.
Tsar Ivan the Terrible (1533–1584) developed a profound respect for Adrian, and endowed his monastic community. In August 1549, he asked Adrian to be the godfather for his daughter Anna. While he was returning from Moscow to his monastery, robbers killed him near the village of Obzha. This took place on August 26, which is the feast day of his own patron saint, Adrian of Nicomedia. Two years later, on May 17, 1551, his brethren found his remains and buried him in the wall of his church.
The memory of Saint Adrian of Ondrusov is celebrated twice during the year on the Orthodox liturgical calendar: The first is on the day of the finding and translation of his relics, May 17 (for those churches which follow the traditional Julian Calendar, May 17 currently falls on May 30 of the modern Gregorian Calendar). The second, and more important feast is on the day of his repose, August 26 (September 8).
Notes
15th-century births
1549 deaths
Russian saints of the Eastern Orthodox Church
16th-century Christian saints
Shangdi (), also written simply, "Emperor" (), is the Chinese term for "Supreme Deity" or "Highest Deity" in the theology of the classical texts, especially deriving from Shang theology and finding an equivalent in the later Tian ("Heaven" or "Great Whole") of Zhou theology.
Although in Chinese religion the usage of "Tian" to refer to the absolute God of the universe is predominant, "Shangdi" continues to be used in a variety of traditions, including certain philosophical schools, certain strains of Confucianism, some Chinese salvationist religions (notably Yiguandao) and Chinese Protestant Christianity. In addition, it is common to use such term among contemporary Chinese (both mainland and overseas) and East Asian religious and secular societies, typically for a singular universal deity and a non-religion translation for God in Abrahamic religions.
Etymology
"Shang Di" is the pinyin romanization of two Chinese characters. The first , Shàng means "high", "highest", "first", "primordial"; the second , Dì is typically considered as shorthand for huangdi () in modern Chinese, the title of the emperors of China first employed by Qin Shi Huang, and is usually translated as "emperor". The word itself is derived from Three "Huang" and Five "Di", including Yellow Emperor (Huangdi ), the mythological originator of the Chinese civilization and the ancestor of the Chinese race. However, refers to the High God of Shang, thus means "deity" (manifested god), . Thus, the name Shangdi should be translated as "Highest Deity", but also has the implied meaning of "Primordial Deity" or "First Deity" in Classical Chinese. The deity preceded the title and the emperors of China were named after him in their role as Tianzi, the sons of Heaven. In the classical texts the highest conception of the heavens is frequently identified with Shang Di, who is described somewhat anthropomorphically. He is also associated with the pole star. The conceptions of the Supreme Ruler (Shang Di) and of the Sublime Heavens (Huang-t'ien) afterward coalesce or absorb each other.
History
Shang dynasty
The earliest references to Shangdi are found in oracle bone inscriptions of the Shang Dynasty in the 2nd millennium BC, although the later work Classic of History claims yearly sacrifices were made to him by Emperor Shun, even before the Xia Dynasty.
Shangdi was regarded as the ultimate spiritual power by the ruling elite of the Huaxia during the Shang dynasty: he was believed to control victory in battle, success or failure of harvests, weather conditions such as the floods of the Yellow River, and the fate of the kingdom. Shangdi seems to have ruled a hierarchy of other gods controlling nature, as well as the spirits of the deceased. These ideas were later mirrored or carried on by the Taoist Jade Emperor and his celestial bureaucracy.
Shangdi was probably more transcendent than immanent, only working through lesser gods. Shangdi was considered too distant to be worshiped directly by ordinary mortals. Instead, the Shang kings proclaimed that Shangdi had made himself accessible through the souls of their royal ancestors, both in the legendary past and in recent generations as the departed Shang kings joined him in the afterlife. The emperors could thus successfully entreat Shangdi directly. Many of the oracle bone inscriptions record these petitions, usually praying for rain but also seeking approval from Shangdi for state action.
Zhou dynasty
In the later Shang and Zhou dynasties, Shangdi was conflated with Heaven (, Tiān). The Duke of Zhou justified his clan's usurpation through the concept of the Mandate of Heaven, which proposed that the protection of Shangdi was not connected to their clan membership but by their just governance. Shangdi was not just a tribal but instead an unambiguously good moral force, exercising its power according to exacting standards. Shangdi's favor could thus be lost and even "inherited" by a new dynasty, provided they upheld the proper rituals.
Nonetheless, the connection of many rituals with the Shang clan meant that Shang nobles continued to rule several locations (despite their rebellions) and to serve as court advisors and priests. The Duke of Zhou even created an entire ceremonial city along strict cosmological principles to house the Shang aristocracy and the nine tripods representing Huaxia sovereignty; the Shang were then charged with maintaining the Rites of Zhou. Likewise, the Shang's lesser houses, the shi knightly class, developed directly into the learned Confucian gentry and scholars who advised the Zhou rulers on courtly etiquette and ceremony. The Confucian classics carried on and ordered the earlier traditions, including the worship of Shangdi. All of them include references:
The Four Books mention Shangdi as well but, as it is a later compilation, the references are much more sparse and abstract. Shangdi appears most commonly in earlier works: this pattern may reflect increasing rationalization of Shangdi over time, the shift from a known and arbitrary tribal god to a more abstract and philosophical concept, or his conflation and absorption by other deities.
Han dynasty
By the time of the Han dynasty, the influential Confucian scholar Zheng Xuan glossed: "Shangdi is another name for Heaven". Dong Zhongshu said: "Heaven is the ultimate authority, the king of gods who should be admired by the king".
In later eras, he was commonly known by the name "Heavenly Ruling Highest Deity" (, Huángtiān Shàngdì) and, in this usage, he is especially conflated with the Taoist Jade Emperor.
Identification
The Shang progenitor
In Shang sources, Di is already described as the supreme ordainer of the events which occur in nature, such as wind, lightning and thunder, and in human affairs and politics. All the gods of nature are conceived as his envoys or manifestations. Shang sources also attest his cosmological Five Ministries. Di, or Tian, as later texts explain, did not receive cult for being too remote for living humans to sacrifice to directly. Instead, an intermediary such as an ancestor was necessary to convey to Di the offerings of the living.
According to some prominent scholars, including Guo Moruo, Shangdi was originally identical to Ku (or Kui) or Diku ("Divus Ku"), the progenitor (first ancestor) of the Zi () lineage, the founders of the Shang dynasty, attested in the Shiji and other texts. According to this interpretation, this identification had profound political implications, because it meant that the earthly Shang kings were themselves by birth aspects of divinity.
Further evidence from Shang sources suggests that there wasn't a complete identification between the two, as Di controls spirits of nature, while Kui does not; Di is frequently pictured sending down "approvals", while Kui is never so pictured; and Kui received cult, while Di did not. Moreover, Kui is frequently appealed in "horizontal" relationship with other powers, undermining any portrait of him as the apex of the pantheon.
Shangdi as the celestial pole
David Pankenier has studied the astral connections of Shangdi, drawing on a view that interest in the sky was a focal character of the religious practices of the Shang, but also of the earlier Xia and Erlitou cultures. Especially intriguing is the fact that palatial and ceremonial structures of these cultures were carefully aligned to the celestial pole and the procession of pole stars. Pankenier notes that the true celestial pole lies in a sky template which is vacant of significant stars, and that the various pole stars are those nearest to this vacant apex which is of crucial importance.
He illustrates how the Shang oracular script for Di can be projected on the North Pole template of the ancient sky in such a way that its extremity points correspond with the visible star, while the intersection of the linear axes at the centre will map to the vacant celestial pole. Pankenier argues that the supreme Di was identified with the celestial pole, an idea familiar in later stages of Chinese religion, linking with the Tàiyī 太一 ("Great One") fully documented as early as the 4th century BC.
The interpretation of Shangdi as the celestial pole, Taiyi and as Ku the progenitor of the Shang is not contradictory. Feng Shi argues that Ku and Di are indeed identical. The Shang probably deliberately identified their ancestor with a universal god recognized in different regions and local cultures in order to legitimize their power.
Contemporary Confucianism
Contemporary Confucian theologians have emphasised differences between the Confucian idea of Shangdi, conceived as both transcendent and immanent, and act only as a governor of the world, and the Christian idea of God, which they conceived contrary to those of Christian as a deity that is completely otherworldly (transcendent) and is merely a creator of the world.
Worship
As mentioned above, sacrifices offered to Shangdi by the king are claimed by traditional Chinese histories to predate the Xia dynasty. The surviving archaeological record shows that by the Shang, the shoulder blades of sacrificed oxen were used to send questions or communication through fire and smoke to the divine realm, a practice known as scapulimancy. The heat would cause the bones to crack and royal diviners would interpret the marks as Shangdi's response to the king. Inscriptions used for divination were buried into special orderly pits, while those that were for practice or records were buried in common middens after use.
Under Shangdi or his later names, the deity received sacrifices from the ruler of China in every Chinese dynasty annually at a great Temple of Heaven in the imperial capital. Following the principles of Chinese geomancy, this would always be located in the southern quarter of the city. During the ritual, a completely healthy bull would be slaughtered and presented as an animal sacrifice to Shangdi. The Book of Rites states the sacrifice should occur on the "longest day" on a round-mound altar. The altar would have three tiers: the highest for Shangdi and the Son of Heaven; the second-highest for the sun and moon; and the lowest for the natural gods such as the stars, clouds, rain, wind, and thunder.
It is important to note that Shangdi is never represented with either images or idols. Instead, in the center building of the Temple of Heaven, in a structure called the "Imperial Vault of Heaven", a "spirit tablet" (, shénwèi) inscribed with the name of Shangdi is stored on the throne, Huangtian Shangdi (). During an annual sacrifice, the emperor would carry these tablets to the north part of the Temple of Heaven, a place called the "Prayer Hall For Good Harvests", and place them on that throne.
Conflation with singular universal God
It was during Ming and Qing dynasty, when Roman Catholicism was introduced by Jesuit Priest Matteo Ricci, that the idea of "Shangdi" started to be applied to the Christian conception of God.
While initially he utilized the term Tianzhu (), lit. "The Lord of Heaven", Ricci gradually changed the translation into "Shangdi" instead. His usage of Shangdi was contested by Confucians, as they believed that the concept of Tian and "Shangdi" is different from that of Christianity's God: Zhōng Shǐ-shēng, through his books, stated that Shangdi only governs, while Christianity's God is a creator, and thus they differ. Ricci's translation also invited the displeasure of Dominicans and that of the Roman Curia: on March 19, 1715, Pope Clement XI released the Edict Ex Illa Die, stating that Catholics must use "Tianzhu" instead of "Shangdi" for Christianity's God.
When Protestantism entered China in the middle of the 19th century, the Protestant missionaries also encountered a similar issue: some preferred the term "Shangdi", while some preferred the term Shen ("god"). A conference held in 1877 in Shanghai, discussing the translation-issue, also believed that "Shangdi" of Confucianism and the Christian concept of God are different in nature.
However, by the 20th century, most British missionaries, some Catholics, Chinese Orthodox Christians, and Evangelicals preferred 'Shangdi' as a connection with Chinese native monotheism, with some furthering the argument by linking it with the unknown god as described in Biblical passage of . Catholics preferred to avoid it, due to compromises with the local authority in order to do their missions, as well as fear such translation may associate the Christian God to Chinese polytheism.
Nowadays, through the secular Chinese-language media, the Chinese word of "Shangdi" and "Tian" are frequently used to as a translation for the singular universal deity with minimal religious attachment to the Christian idea of God, while Confucians and intellectuals in contemporary mainland China and Taiwan attempt to realign the term to its original meaning. Catholics officially use the term Tianzhu, while Evangelicals typically use Shangdi and/or Shen (, "god" or "spirit").
See also
Jade Emperor
Yuanshi Tianzun
Taiyi Tianzun
Hongjun Laozu
Tian
Tao
Chinese folk religion
Chinese mythology
Shen
In other culture and beliefs
Śakra (in Buddhism)
Haneullim (in Korea)
Amenominakanushi (in Japan)
Tengri (in Mongolia)
Indra (in Hinduism)
Ông Trời (in Vietnam)
Allah
Brahma
Ishvara
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
Creel, Herrlee G., The Origins of Statecraft in China.
Wu, K. C. (1982). The Chinese Heritage. New York: Crown Publishers. .
External links
Chinese gods
God
Names of God
Deities in Chinese folk religion
Sky and weather gods
Supernatural beings identified with Christian saints
Religious Confucianism
The 2017 NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournament was the national championship tournament for men's college ice hockey in the United States, held from March 24 - April 8, 2017. The tournament involved 16 teams in single-elimination play to determine the national champion at the Division I level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), the highest level of competition in college hockey. The tournament's Frozen Four – the semifinals and finals – was hosted by the University of Notre Dame and the Chicago Sports Commission at the United Center in Chicago.
Denver defeated Minnesota-Duluth 3–2 to win the program's 8th NCAA title.
Tournament procedure
The tournament is composed of four groups of four teams in regional brackets. The four regionals are officially named after their geographic areas. The following were the sites for the 2017 regionals:
March 24–25
East Regional, Dunkin' Donuts Center – Providence, Rhode Island (Host: Brown University)
West Regional, Scheels Arena – Fargo, North Dakota (Host: University of North Dakota)
March 25–26
Northeast Regional, SNHU Arena – Manchester, New Hampshire (Host: University of New Hampshire)
Midwest Regional, US Bank Arena – Cincinnati, Ohio (Host: Miami University)
The winner of each regional advanced to the Frozen Four:
April 6–8
United Center – Chicago, Illinois (Host: University of Notre Dame)
Qualifying teams
The at-large bids and seeding for each team in the tournament were announced on March 19. Hockey East had four teams receive a berth in the tournament, NCHC had four teams receive a berth, ECAC Hockey had three teams receive a berth, Big Ten Conference had three teams receive a berth, and one team from the Atlantic Hockey, and the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA) received a berth.
Number in parentheses denotes overall seed in the tournament.
Tournament bracket
Note: * denotes overtime period
Results
Midwest Region – Cincinnati, Ohio
Regional semifinal
Regional Final
West Region – Fargo, North Dakota
Regional semifinal
Regional Final
East Region – Providence, Rhode Island
Regional semifinal
Regional Final
Northeast Region – Manchester, New Hampshire
Regional semifinal
Regional Final
Frozen Four – Chicago, Illinois
National semifinal
National Championship
(MW1) Denver vs. (W1) Minnesota–Duluth
All-Tournament team
Frozen Four
G: Tanner Jaillet (Denver)
D: Will Butcher (Denver)
D: Neal Pionk (Minnesota-Duluth)
F: Alex Iafallo (Minnesota-Duluth)
F: Jarid Lukosevicius* (Denver)
F: Troy Terry (Denver)
* Most Outstanding Player(s)
Record by conference
Media
Television
ESPN had US television rights to all games during the tournament for the thirteenth consecutive year. ESPN aired every game, beginning with the regionals, on ESPN, ESPN2, ESPNews, ESPNU, or ESPN3 and streamed them online via WatchESPN.
In Canada, the tournament was broadcast by TSN and streamed on TSN Go.
Broadcast assignments
Regionals
East Regional: John Buccigross, Barry Melrose and Quint Kessenich – Providence, Rhode Island
West Regional: Clay Matvick and Sean Ritchlin – Fargo, North Dakota
Northeast Regional: Allen Bestwick and Billy Jaffe – Manchester, New Hampshire
Midwest Regional: Kevin Brown and Colby Cohen – Cincinnati, Ohio
Frozen Four
John Buccigross, Barry Melrose and Quint Kessenich – Chicago, Illinois
Radio
Westwood One has exclusive radio rights to the Frozen Four and will air both the semifinals and the championship.
Alex Faust, Colby Cohen, & Shireen Saski
References
Tournament
NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournament
NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournament
NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournament
NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournament
NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournament
NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournament
NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournament
NCAA Division I men's ice hockey tournament
2010s in Chicago
2010s in Cincinnati
History of Providence, Rhode Island
Ice hockey in Chicago
Ice hockey in New Hampshire
Ice hockey in North Dakota
Ice hockey in Ohio
Ice hockey in Rhode Island
Sports competitions in Chicago
Sports competitions in Cincinnati
Sports competitions in New Hampshire
Sports competitions in North Dakota
Sports competitions in Rhode Island
Sports in Fargo, North Dakota
Sports in Manchester, New Hampshire
Sports in Providence, Rhode Island
Ibrahim Hélou (born on 27 March 1925 in Jezzine, Lebanon - died on 3 February 1996) was a Lebanese eparch of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Sidon.
Life
Ibrahim Hélou was born in Jezzine, Lebanon. On 22 December 1951 he was ordained to the priesthood. On 12 July 1975 he received the appointment of Bishop of Sidon and on 23 August 1975 received his ordination to the episcopate from Archbishop Anthony Peter Khoraish, Maronite Patriarch of Antioch. His co-consecrators were Archeparch Elie Farah of Cyprus and Bishop Joseph Merhi, MLM, Eparch of Cairo.
In 1985 Hélou was appointed by Pope John Paul II Apostolic administrator of the Maronite Patriarchate of Antioch. In this capacity he was also president of the Episcopal Conference of the Lebanese Patriarch and bishops. In recognition of this, until 1986, he worked with the Pope and was appointed by him on 7 May 1986 Archbishop "ad personam". Until his death on 3 February 1996, he remained bishop of Sidon. He was co-consecrator of some Maronite eparchs: Georges Abi-Saber, OLM, Eparch of Latakia, Georges Scandar, Eparch of Baalbek and Zahle, Emile Eid, Titular Bishop of Sarepta dei Maroniti and Roman Curia Bishop, Abdallah Bared, Titular bishop of Tarsus dei Maroniti and Auxiliary bishop of the Maronite Patriarchate of Antioch,
Bechara Boutros al-Rahi, OMM, Titular Bishop of Caesarea Philippi and Auxiliary bishop of Antioch, Paul-Emilie Saadé, Titular bishop of Apamea in Syria dei Maroniti and Auxiliary bishop of Antioch, and Antoine Torbey, Eparch of Latakia.
See also
Catholic Church in Lebanon
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bhelou.html
http://www.gcatholic.org/dioceses/diocese/said1.htm
1925 births
1996 deaths
Lebanese Maronites
20th-century Maronite Catholic bishops
People from Jezzine
Eastern Catholic bishops in Lebanon
Holy Family Catholic High School is a coeducational Roman Catholic secondary school located in Carlton in the Selby District of North Yorkshire, England.
The school has capacity for 450 pupils. Currently 444 pupils attend the school.
The school was rated as "Requires Improvement" by Ofsted in September 2019. Only 8% of students achieve the English Baccalaureate, compared with 43% of students in the Local Authority Area as a whole. However, performance in core GCSEs is in line with the local average, with 46% of Holy Family pupils achieving grade 5 or above in their English and maths GCSEs compared with 47% in the Local Authority.
Previously a voluntary aided school administered by North Yorkshire County Council, in March 2021 Holy Family Catholic High School converted to academy status. The school is now sponsored by the Bishop Konstant Catholic Academy Trust.
The school offers GCSEs and Cambridge Nationals as programmes of study for pupils.
References
External links
Holy Family Catholic High School official website
Secondary schools in North Yorkshire
Catholic secondary schools in the Diocese of Leeds
Academies in North Yorkshire
Educational institutions established in 1967
1967 establishments in England
Pere de Montsó (fl. 1173), also Peire de Monzo(n), was an Aragonese troubadour, though none of his compositions survive. He was probably from Monzón near the border with Catalonia, but he may have hailed from Monzón de Campos in Castile, as Ramón Menéndez Pidal believed. He is the subject of the eighth stanza of a famous satire of twelve troubadours by Peire d'Alvernhe. This stanza has different readings:
The verse is very unclear. The first reading suggests that Raymond V of Toulouse had heard Pere sing. If Pattison's reconstruction of events surrounding Peire d'Alvernhe's satire is correct, however, Pere de Montsó was attached to the Spanish entourage (possibly as a jongleur) of Eleanor, daughter of Henry II of England and fiancée of Alfonso VIII of Castile, who was travelling through Gascony on her way to Spain when she and her entourage were entertained by Peire's satire. Pattison suggests on the basis of this stanza that the troupe had also travelled through the lands of Toulouse and met in the presence of the Count, whose whereabouts at the time are otherwise unrecorded.
On the second reading, it is clear that Raymond V is alleged to have composed a tune that was subsequently used by Pere, but whether it was stolen from Pere by a third party or whether Pere was considered a thief for using another's melody is not clear.
References
Pattison, Walter T. (1933). "The Background of Peire D'Alvernhe's Chantarai D'Aquest Trobadors." Modern Philology, 31:1 (Aug.), pp. 19–34.
Riquer, Martín de (1964). Història de la Literatura Catalana, vol. 1. Barcelona: Edicions Ariel.
Notes
12th-century Spanish troubadours
Year of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
12th-century people from the Kingdom of Aragon
Julius A. Lebkuecher (February 9, 1844 – May 13, 1913) was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Newark from 1894 to 1896.
Julius was born in Germany in 1844. At age four he moved to Newark and was educated in the public schools of Newark through Barringer High School. He was a jeweler and helped found Kremetz and Company. In 1894, he accepted the Republican nomination for Mayor. He was elected by nearly 5,000 votes.
After his time as Mayor he continued working in jewelry and was president of the Passaic Valley Sewerage Commission from 1902 to 1913. He left two sons.
References
1844 births
1913 deaths
Barringer High School alumni
Mayors of Newark, New Jersey
New Jersey Republicans
The Castello Baradello is a military fortification located on a high hill next to the city of Como, northern Italy.
History
The castle occupies the ancient site of Comum Oppidum, the original settlement of Como, dating from the 1st millennium BC. Later it was one of the last Byzantine strongholds in the area, surrendering to the Lombards in 588. The castle was restored during the War of the Lombard League, with the help of emperor Frederick Barbarossa (1158). Barbarossa officially donated it to the citizens of Como in 1178.
Napoleone della Torre died here in 1278, having been imprisoned here by Ottone Visconti after the Battle of Desio; his nephew Guido was able to escape in 1283, as well as his brothers Corrado and Enrico the following year. Azzone Visconti restored and enlarged the fortification after conquering Como in 1335, and built another castle, the Castello della Torre Rotonda ("Castle of the Round Tower", now lost) and a citadel.
In 1527, by order of emperor Charles V, the castle was dismantled, with the exception of the tower, to prevent it from falling in hands of the French troops that had invaded the duchy of Milan. After belonging to monks and then to private individuals, the castle was restored in 1971.
Description
The most preserved element is a square tower, measuring at the base, and standing at . It once had Guelph-type merlons. The walls are of Byzantine origin (6th-7th century); these were later heightened and provided with Guelph merlons, while another external line of walls was added.
Also from the 6th century are the Chapel of St. Nicholas and quadrangular tower ( at the base), which was used as the castellan's residence. Napoleone della Torre was buried in the Chapel of St. Nicholas.
Sources
Baradello
Buildings and structures in Como
Buildings and structures completed in the 12th century
Byzantine forts
Gulaal (gulal, Crimson) is a 2009 Indian Hindi-language socio-political drama film directed by Anurag Kashyap, starring Raj Singh Chaudhary, Kay Kay Menon, Abhimanyu Singh, Deepak Dobriyal, Ayesha Mohan, Jesse Randhawa, Piyush Mishra and Aditya Srivastava. It explores themes such as pursuit of power, quest for legitimacy, perceived injustices and hypocrisy of the powerful. The film is set in present-day Rajasthan, a state in northwestern India. The plot is provided by student politics of a university and a fictitious secessionist movement consisting of former Rajput leaders who have become present-day elite. Gulaal was initially stalled due to financial concerns but was later released with support from Zee Limelight.
Plot
In the fictional town of Rajpur, Dilip (Raj Singh Chaudhary), a law student who is a Rajput from Bikaner, secures housing in an old, run-down British-era pub. There, Dilip meets Rananjay Singh "Ransa" (Abhimanyu Singh), a prince who despises the ideologies of his father and the aristocracy. Ransa's fiery and fearless personality makes an impression on the mild-mannered Dilip.
Dilip visits the university hostel where he is ragged by a gang of university thugs, led by Jadwal (Pankaj Jha). They strip him and lock him in a room with Anuja (Jesse Randhawa), a young lecturer in the same university. Dilip and Anuja are released naked. Dilip's brother advises him to let it go, but Ransa disagrees and encourages Dilip to seek revenge. Initially reluctant, Dilip gives in and goes with Ransa to attack Jadwal, but the tables are turned and Dilip and Ransa are beaten, ragged, and thrown out of the hostel. Ransa meets Dukey Banna (Kay Kay Menon), a local leader who is gathering support for the Rajputana separatist movement, who promises protection from Jadwal. When Ransa and Dilip find themselves outnumbered by Jadwal's gang, Dukey intervenes and rescues them. Dukey convinces Ransa to contest the General Secretary elections at the university, where his opponent is Kiran, his (out-of-wedlock) half-sister.
Ransa is kidnapped by Kiran's brother Karan (Aditya Srivastava), who asks him to withdraw from the elections. When Ransa refuses and mocks him, Karan kills him. Dukey forces Dilip to take Ransa's place in the election, and bribes the electoral panel to rig the count in Dilip's favour. Dilip wins the election to become the general secretary. Kiran then seduces Dilip and convinces him to allow her to become the cultural secretary. Dukey starts using university funds for the Rajputana movement, which Dilip ostensibly controls. When Dilip discovers the funds being siphoned out, he confronts Dukey, who tells Dilip about the separatist movement. Dilip tries to reason with Dukey but realizes that he holds no leverage in the situation.
Dukey's gang kills Jadwal and Dukey shows the body to Dilip to intimidate him and keep him in line. Anuja is thrown out of the hostel and moves in with Dilip, who is also pursuing a relationship with Kiran. When Kiran accidentally gets pregnant, she gets an abortion and ends her relationship with Dilip. Anuja tries to explain to Dilip that Kiran has no interest in him or in traditional married life. A frustrated Dilip resigns from his post, allowing Kiran steps in. An irate Dukey threatens Karan and Kiran by telling them that the only reason they're alive is because they are the king's offspring. Kiran tries to seduce Dukey, but they are interrupted by Dukey's second-in-command, Bhati.
Dilip, blinded by his love for Kiran, becomes violent and aggressive. He finds out about Kiran and Dukey's relationship from Dukey's mistress Madhuri. In a fit of rage, he goes to Banna's house and shoots him. While dying, Banna tells him that Kiran used Dilip to get to him. Karan reveals his masterplan: once Dukey Banna is eliminated, the Rajputana movement will choose him as their leader and legitimize him. Karan's gang decide to eliminate Bhati so that Dukey's defenses will be weakened. Dilip wants to hear the truth from Kiran, but she refuses to answer his calls. When Bhati goes off to find her, he is killed by Karan's gang. Dilip finds Kiran, who confirms that she used him, but he cannot bring himself to kill her. In his indecision, he is shot and mortally wounded by Karan's gang. He manages to drag himself home and dies there, alone. The film ends with Karan as the head of the Rajputana movement, while Kiran sheds a tear as one of the loyal faithful.
Cast
Raj Singh Chaudhary as Dilip Singh
Kay Kay Menon as Dukey Banna
Aditya Srivastava as Karan
Abhimanyu Singh as Rananjay Singh "Ransa"
Deepak Dobriyal as Rajendra Bhati
Mukesh S Bhatt as Bhanwar Singh
Jesse Randhawa as Anuja
Pankaj Jha as Jarhwal
Ayesha Mohan as Kiran
Mahi Gill as Madhuri
Piyush Mishra as Prithvi Banna
Jyoti Dogra as Dukey Banna's wife
Teddy Maurya as Bahrupiya, Ardhnareshwar
Sanjay Kumar as Adarsh
Chittaranjan Giri as Police Inspector
Murari Kumar as Murari
Neil Bhatt as Kesar
Anurag Kashyap as Man at the party
Production
Production on Gulaal began in 2001, when Anurag Kashyap was listening to songs from Pyaasa and his film Paanch was struggling with censors.
Inspired by Mohammad Rafi songs from Pyaasa ("Yeh duniya agar mil bhi jaaye to kya hai") and Zeenat ("Haye re duniya") the film is a dedication to Sahir Ludhianvi, the lyricist of the song and all other poets who had a vision of India. The story was partially based on a story idea by Raj Singh Chaudhary who eventually played the role of Dilip Singh in the film. The film was delayed for three years. It was released in March 2009. The first trailer was released with the director's other movie Dev D.
Critical reception
Gulaal received positive reviews from critics. Anupama Chopra of NDTV gave three stars and referred to Anurag Kashyap as Anti-Yash Chopra. Raja Sen of Rediff.com gave it three stars and said that "fantastically watchable film that scores high on moments." Nikhat Kazmi gave three stars and said that "the film scores in having taut performances and a gritty screenplay as well." Noyon Jyoti Parasara of AOL.in gave the film 3.5 stars and said "Anurag scripts every character cleverly providing an identity to even the smallest characters and also a contrast in form of another character – true playwright style. He even has the jesters coming in to bring some comic relief but also more importantly they bring in a message."
It was screened at the 2009 London Film Festival. Since then, the film has gained significant cult following.
Gulaal is one of the films featured in Avijit Ghosh's book 40 Retakes: Bollywood Classics You May Have Missed.
Box office
Although the critics' reviews were favourable, the movie opened to only 30 percent capacity during its first week in theatres across India. In addition, word of mouth was poor, which could lead to slowdown at the box office for its runs in the weeks that followed. Box Office India stated that Gulaal netted in its first week, which was below expectations. The opening, at around 30% occupancy, was poor, though marginally better than some other recent films.
Awards
Soundtrack
References
External links
2009 films
2000s Hindi-language films
Indian political drama films
Indian crime drama films
2000s political drama films
2009 crime drama films
Films about organised crime in India
Films directed by Anurag Kashyap
Films with screenplays by Anurag Kashyap
Films shot in Jaipur
Robert George McCutcheon (1841 – 20 October 1918) was an Irish-born Australian politician.
He was born in Omagh to John McCutcheon and Margaret Bothwell. His family migrated to Victoria around 1858; Robert spent a year in Calcutta as a printer and then became a journalist in Ballarat and Port Fiary. On 13 December 1867 he married Mary Ebblewhite, a prominent member of the Australian Women's National League; they would have eight children. In 1873 he moved to Melbourne to assume his brother's place in the printing firm Mason, Firth & McCutcheon, which he owned exclusively from 1878. He was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for St Kilda; a Liberal, he nonetheless opposed Thomas Bent's government in 1908. He was a minister without portfolio from 1915 to 1916, when he resigned; he retired from politics in 1917. McCutcheon died in St Kilda in 1918.
References
1841 births
1918 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
People from Omagh
Irish emigrants to colonial Australia
Australian printers
Principles of Philosophy () is a book by René Descartes. In essence, it is a synthesis of the Discourse on Method and Meditations on First Philosophy. It was written in Latin, published in 1644 and dedicated to Elisabeth of Bohemia, with whom Descartes had a long-standing friendship. A French version (Les Principes de la Philosophie) followed in 1647.
The book sets forth the principles of nature—the Laws of Physics—as Descartes viewed them. Most notably, it set forth the principle that in the absence of external forces, an object's motion will be uniform and in a straight line. Newton borrowed this principle from Descartes and included it in his own Principia; to this day, it is still generally referred to as Newton's First Law of Motion. The book was primarily intended to replace the Aristotelian curriculum then used in French and British universities. The work provides a systematic statement of his metaphysics and natural philosophy, and represents the first truly comprehensive, mechanistic account of the universe.
Preface to the French edition
Descartes asked Abbot Claude Picot to translate his Latin Principia Philosophiae into French. For this edition, he wrote a preface disguised as a letter to the translator, whose title is "Letter of the author to the translator of the book, that may be used as a preface." This was published in 1647, a date already in the mature, final period of his life. In this writing, Descartes pours some reflexions about his idea of wisdom and philosophy. Its content may be summarized as follows.
Concept of philosophy
Philosophy is the study of wisdom, understood as the ability to conduct the human activities; and also as the perfect knowledge of all the things that a man can know for the direction of his life, maintenance of his health, and knowledge of the arts. Only God is perfectly wise, and the man is more or less wise, in proportion to the knowledge he has of the most important truths.
The degrees of knowledge
Descartes identifies four degrees of knowledge, he names common, and a fifth one he designates as higher. The first degree consists on clear and evident notions that can be acquired without need of any meditation. The second degree is all that is learned by means of the senses. The third comprises what we learn when talking with other men. The fourth consists on what we can learn from the writings of men capable of giving good instructions.
Higher wisdom
There have been great men in all times that have sought after a better and more secure wisdom, a fifth degree of knowledge. This has consisted on the search for the first causes, and those that have followed this pursuit have been named philosophers, but he thinks that no one has been successful yet.
Doubt and certainty
Since Plato and Aristotle, there has been a discussion about doubt and certainty. Those that have favored doubt have arrived to extremes of doubting even the most evident things, and those that have sought certainty have relied excessively on the senses. Though it is true that it has been accepted that the senses may mislead us, according to Descartes, nobody had yet expressed that the truth can not be based on the senses, but in the understanding, when it is founded on evident perceptions.
Meditations on first philosophy
The search for the first causes, or basic truths, as undertaken by Descartes is contained in this work. It explains the metaphysical principles on which to build the rest of knowledge.
The tree of philosophy
The philosophy is like a tree, whose roots are the metaphysics, its trunk the physics, and the branches the rest of sciences, mainly medicine, mechanics, and morals that is the last level of wisdom. In the same way that the tree has its fruits in its outer parts, the usefulness of philosophy is also contained in the parts that are learnt at the end.
Copies and modern editions
A copy of Descartes' Principia philosophiae dated 1656 is owned by the Tom Slick rare book collection at the Southwest Research Institute in Texas.
Reidel, a Dutch publisher, released an English edition of Principia philosophiae in 1983 (), translated by Valentine Rodger and Reese P. Miller with explanatory notes. Though a translation of the original 1644 Latin work, this edition by Rodger and Miller includes additional material from the 1647 French translation.
See also
Bucket argument
Conservation of momentum
Related works
The World (Descartes)
Principia philosophiae cartesianae by Baruch Spinoza
References
External links
Descartes' 1644 Principia philosophiae (free Google eBook)
Selections from the Principles of Philosophy at Project Gutenberg
Principles of Philosophy, modified for easier reading
Principia philosophiae. Amstelodami, apud Ludovicum Elzevirium, 1644. From the Rare Book and Special Collections Division at the Library of Congress
1644 books
Physics books
Works by René Descartes
Natural philosophy
17th-century Latin books
The 200th Military Police Command is the senior law enforcement unit within the U.S. Army Reserve. The subordinate elements of the 200th MP Command are primarily military police units, but the command also includes criminal investigation detachments, chaplains, historians, and public affairs detachments. Units are dispersed across the continental United States with major subordinate units located in California, Michigan, New York, Tennessee, and Indiana. The formation of this command is a departure from the legacy structure of a strategic force in the Army Reserve with assigned chains of command based mostly on geography. The purpose of this command is to train, command, and deploy units primarily by their functional capabilities.
History
The 200th Military Police Command was constituted March 6, 2006 (from the former 220th MP Brigade) in the United States Army Reserve as the Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 200th Military Police Command. It was activated April 16, 2008 at Fort Meade, Maryland.
The 200th was formed as part of a transformation of the Army Reserve that reorganized units into strategically consolidated forces with similar functional capabilities. Nearly 97% of all Army Reserve military police assets are now commanded by the 200th.
Subordinate units
As of 2017, the following units are subordinate to the 200th Military Police Command:
11th Military Police Brigade, in Los Alamitos, California
96th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI) San Diego, California
324th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Fresno, California
387th Military Police Battalion (CS), in Scottsdale, Arizona
390th Military Police Battalion (CS), in Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington
393d Military Police Battalion (CID), in Bell, California
607th Military Police Battalion (CS), in Grand Prairie, Texas
290th Military Police Brigade, in Nashville, Tennessee
160th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Tallahassee, Florida
304th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Nashville, Tennessee
317th Military Police Battalion (CS), in Tampa, Florida
535th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Cary, North Carolina
724th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
733d Military Police Battalion (CID), in Fort Gillem, Georgia
307th Military Police Detachment (CID), in Jacksonville, Florida
383d Military Police Detachment (CID), in Lakeland, Florida
300th Military Police Brigade, in Inkster, Michigan
159th Military Police Battalion (CID), in Terre Haute, Indiana
378th Military Police Detachment (CID), in Louisville, Kentucky
327th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Arlington Heights, Illinois
384th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Fort Wayne, Indiana
391st Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Columbus, Ohio
530th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Elkhorn, Nebraska
785th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Fraser, Michigan
333rd Military Police Brigade, in Farmingdale, New York
306th Military Police Battalion, in Uniondale, New York
310th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Farmingdale, New York
336th Military Police Battalion (CS), in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
340th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Ashley, Pennsylvania
400th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Fort Meade, Maryland
744th Military Police Battalion (I/R) (EPW/CI), in Forks Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
I/R: Internment/Resettlement, EPW/CI: Enemy Prisoner of War/Civilian Internee, CID: Criminal Investigation Division, CS: Combat Support
See also
The Phoenix Massacre
References
External links
Military units and formations of the United States Army Reserve
Military police commands of the United States Army
Military units and formations established in 2008
Arctostaphylos wellsii (common name Well's manzanita or Pismo manzanita) is a plant that grows at elevations between 90 and 1200 ft in San Luis Obispo county in California. The plant is an evergreen shrub native to chaparral and coniferous forests. Arctostaphylos wellsii is extremely rare and considered seriously endangered.
Arctostaphylos wellsii can grow to six feet high and form very dense stands. The plant can stand high temperatures and drought but is sensitive to freezing weather. Arctostaphylos wellsii has smooth red stems gray foliage and white flowers.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile
Photo gallery
wellsii
Flora of California
Töngüşlü, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Central Park North is a 1969 big band jazz album recorded by the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra and released on the Solid State Records label. The album was nominated for a 1969 Grammy award in the "Best Instrumental Jazz Performance - Large Group..." category. All tracks are also included on Mosaic's limited edition boxed set, The Complete Solid State Recordings of the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Orchestra.
Track listing
All songs composed and arranged by Thad Jones except where indicated.
LP side A:
"Tow Away Zone" – 4:25
"Quietude" – 4:03
"Jive Samba" (Nat Adderley) – 8:50
LP side B:
"The Groove Merchant" (Jerome Richardson) – 5:04
"Big Dipper" – 5:52
"Central Park North" – 9:14
Personnel
Thad Jones – flugelhorn
Mel Lewis – drums
Roland Hanna – piano
Richard Davis – bass
Barry Galbraith – guitar
Sam Brown – guitar
Jerome Richardson – alto saxophone
Jerry Dodgion – alto saxophone
Joe Farrell – tenor saxophone
Eddie Daniels – tenor saxophone
Joe Temperley – baritone saxophone
Snooky Young – trumpet
Richard Williams – trumpet
Danny Moore – trumpet
Jimmy Nottingham – trumpet
Jimmy Knepper – trombone
Benny Powell – trombone
Eddie Bert – trombone
Cliff Heather – trombone
References and external Links
Solid State SS-18058
Central Park North at:
[ Allmusic]
discogs.com
The Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Orchestra albums
1969 albums
Solid State Records (jazz label) albums
Albums produced by Sonny Lester
The Moment's Energy is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker's Electro-Acoustic Ensemble recorded at the Lawrence Batley Theatre in 2007 and released on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars stating "this work is more modern composition than merely free or experimental jazz. This is a gorgeous work when taken as a whole, a musical journey through multi-dimensional landscapes and sonic shadows that seems to stretch time itself."
On All About Jazz John Kelman called it "an album where there's both greater density and delineation, an even broader dynamic scope and, quite simply, one of the most ambitious mixtures of form and freedom, and extant and new-found textures" and "A composition that could never be performed the same way twice, its careful construction of sound in real-time and post-production makes for an ambitiously considered experience of great power and unsettling subtlety".
The Guardian's John Fordam observed "Different combinations of players come to the fore in each piece, which imparts variety to these abstract soundscapes"
The Penguin Jazz Guide called it "a composed piece for improvising ensemble that delivered a work of unparalleled sophistication and presence" noting "the sound-world of the piece is determined to a broad extent by the individual performers, but it is Parker's imagination - capricious responsive but in no way totalizing - that makes the piece so successful ... Though some may cite the ensemble's transatlantic collaboration with Roscoe Mitchell as a greater achievement, this remarkable collaborative work is its masterpiece"
Writing for DownBeat, John Ephland stated: "The earnest, sincere and able execution of this material by seasoned and well-trained artists suggest 'a new chamber orchestra'... There is cohesion and a kind of forward movement here. And their edginess spills over into a kind of frolicking playfulness light years from the energy of so-called free-jazz."
Track listing
All compositions by Evan Parker
"The Moment's Energy I" - 9:29
"The Moment's Energy II" - 9:45
"The Moment's Energy III" - 9:34
"The Moment's Energy IV" - 4:19
"The Moment's Energy V" - 9:23
"The Moment's Energy VI" - 8:11
"The Moment's Energy VII" - 11:14
"Incandescent Clouds" - 5:05
Personnel
Evan Parker - soprano saxophone
Peter Evans - trumpet, piccolo trumpet
Ko Ishikawa - shō
Ned Rothenberg - clarinet, bass clarinet, shakuhachi
Philipp Wachsmann - violin, live electronics
Agustí Fernandez - piano, prepared piano
Barry Guy - double bass
Paul Lytton - percussion, live electronics
Lawrence Casserley - signal processing instrument
Joel Ryan - sample and signal processing
Walter Prati - computer processing
Richard Barrett - live electronics
Paul Obermayer - live electronics
Marco Vecchi - sound projection
References
ECM Records live albums
Evan Parker live albums
2009 live albums
is a railway station in the city of Katagami, Akita Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Tennō Station is a station of the Oga Line and is located 13.2 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Oiwake Station and 26.2 kilometers from .
Station layout
Tennō Station has one side platform, serving single bidirectional traffic. The station is unattended.
History
Tennō Station opened on November 26, 1956 as a station on the Japan National Railways (JNR), serving the town of Tennō, Akita. With the privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987, the station has been managed by JR East.
Surrounding area
Toko Elementary School
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1956
Railway stations in Akita Prefecture
Oga Line
Katagami, Akita
The Archives of the Languages of the World is a collection of sound recordings and documentation held at the Archives of Traditional Music at Indiana University, Bloomington, focused on documenting endangered languages around the world, particularly from the Americas. The collection is also known as the C.F. and F.M. Voegelin Archives of the Languages of the World.
History
The Archives of the Languages of the World was founded by Charles F. Voegelin and Erminie Wheeler Voegelin after the Conference on Archiving held during the 1953 Summer Linguistic Institute hosted by the Linguistics Society of America and Indiana University in Bloomington. They had both been students of Alfred Kroeber at Berkeley, and both did post-doctoral work with Edward Sapir at Yale and they inherited an approach that was in part comparative, and in part grounded in Boasian ethnography. The recordings in the Archive reflected that approach. The Archives gathered recordings beginning in 1953 through the 1970s, with significant financial support from the Ford Foundation starting in 1957. The Archives documented their acquisitions initially in the International Journal of American Linguistics and later published their research in the journal Anthropological Linguistics, which Charles' second wife, the linguist Florence M. Voegelin, founded and edited from 1959 to 1987. Florence took over the management of the archive soon after its founding and the growing collections in the Archives provided a way for scholars to develop a comparative understanding of languages, particularly those of indigenous peoples of North and South America, about which much remained unknown at that time. The collections in the Archives were made by anthropologists, linguists, and folklorists, several of whom were students of Charles Voegelin. Though it never achieved this goal, the Archives intended to acquire sound recordings of all of the extant languages of the world and then catalog, index, and transcribe those recordings. The Voegelins saw the purpose of the Archives as serving not only comparative morphological studies in linguistics but also ethnolinguistics and folklore, and thus the collections document spoken word lists as well as traditional narratives and songs.
Charles Voegelin helped establish the Field Station for Ethnography and Linguistics in conjunction with Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff at which linguists and graduate students in anthropology and linguistics could spend a summer working with indigenous communities in the area. Hopi language and culture was a particular focus of the Field Station and it resulted in a significant number of Hopi collections in the Archives. The Voegelins visited the Field Station each summer and contributed a large number of the collections that were made as part of their own linguistic research. The Voegelins also arranged for speakers of indigenous languages to spend a visiting semester at Indiana University working with graduate students and faculty and these individuals were typically recorded speaking vocabulary and other types of utterances which were then added to the Archives' collections for reference and research. Numerous graduate students worked with the collections in the Archives and helped in its organization and processing. The collections in the Archives were a critical resource for the Voegelins magnum opus, Classification and Index of the World's Languages, published in 1977. Florence M. Voegelin was Senior Archivist/Director for the collections from 1954 until 1979. Martha B. Kendall served as the Senior Archivist after Florence until the transfer of the collections to the Archives of Traditional Music in the summer of 1985. The Voegelins moved to Hawaii following Charles' retirement from Indiana University in 1976 and though they continued to work on linguistic projects and the journal for a few more years, the Archives of the Languages of the World was effectively moribund, with no new additions from that point. By moving the collections to the Archives of Traditional Music, it joined other linguistic and language collections from around the world in the larger archive and the Archives of Traditional Music continues to accept linguistically oriented field collections.
Preservation of the sound recordings in the archives was made possible through the support of federal grants in the mid-1980s, and digital preservation of the sound recordings was conducted between 2016 and 2019 by Indiana University's Media Digitization and Preservation Initiative. The Archives of Traditional Music is currently working to make these recordings available online through Media Collections Online.
Scope and Holdings
More than 300 languages or language groups are represented in the 207 field collections of the Archives. Many of the languages documented in the Archives are endangered or moribund. The collection consists of approximately 2350 recordings on tape and 275 recordings on instantaneous discs made between the 1930s and the mid-1970s. The collections consist of linguistic documentation such as recordings of word lists, vocabulary elicitations, discussions of grammar, and narratives, and these recordings are accompanied by indexes, transcriptions, and published articles resulting from the analysis of the field research.
Searching the Holdings
Holdings of the Archives of the Languages of the World are cataloged at the collection level and can be found by searching the Indiana University online library catalog, IUCAT with an author search of "Indiana University Bloomington. Archives of the Languages of the World". A print catalog and finding aid for the collections in the Archives of the Languages of the World was created in 1988 by staff of the Archives of Traditional Music and the Indiana University Department of Anthropology.
References
Archives in the United States
Indiana University Bloomington
Hiroshi Nakano may refer to:
Hiroshi Nakano (Gravitation), a character in the manga series Gravitation
Hiroshi Nakano (footballer) (born 1983), Japanese football defender
Hiroshi Nakano (rower) (born 1987), Japanese rower
The Diocese of Asolo (Latin: Dioecesis Civitatis Novae Italian: Diocesi di Asolo) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Asolo in the Veneto Region of Northern Italy. In 969, it was suppressed and united with the Diocese of Treviso.
Ordinaries
Diocese of Asolo
Erected: 6th century
Latin Name: Cardicensis
Metropolitan: Patriarchate of Grado
Domenico Gaffaro (5 Nov 1348 Appointed – 1371 Died)
Antonio Correr, O.P. (24 May 1406 – 15 Jul 1409 Appointed, Bishop of Ceneda)
Suppressed: 969
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
UE Engordany, an Andorran football club, has played in European football since 2018, in the Europa League.
Overall record
Accurate as of 18 August 2020
Matches
References
External links
UEFA Profile – Engordany
Football in Andorra
A backup camera (also called a reversing camera or rear-view camera) is a special type of video camera that is produced specifically for the purpose of being attached to the rear of a vehicle to aid in backing up, and to alleviate the rear blind spot. It is specifically designed to avoid a backup collision. The area directly behind vehicles has been described as a "killing zone" due to associated accidents. Backup cameras are usually connected to the vehicle head unit display.
Backup cameras have been regulated by specific law in Canada and the United States since 2018.
Function
The design of a backup camera is distinct from other cameras in that the image is horizontally flipped so that the output is a mirror image. This is necessary because the camera and the driver face opposite directions, and without it, the camera's right would be on the driver's left and vice versa. A mirrored image makes the orientation of the display consistent with the physical mirrors installed on the vehicle. A backup camera typically sports a wide-angle or fisheye lens. While such a lens spoils the camera's ability to see faraway objects, it allows the camera to see an uninterrupted horizontal path from one rear corner to the other. The camera is typically pointed on a downward angle, to view potential obstacles on the ground as well as the position of approaching walls and docks, rather than straight back.
Backup cameras are common on vehicles that tow difficult-to-see trailers, such as motorhomes. Recently, with the rise in popularity of in-dash DVD players and GPS navigation systems which aid in justifying the expense of adding a color LCD to the driver's seat, they have become much more common, often available as optional factory accessories on standard passenger trucks and sport utility vehicles, as well as aftermarket accessories. Inside the vehicle, the display is typically wired to automatically sense when the transmission is set in reverse, showing the backup view while in reverse and or providing grid guidelines by detecting the parking lot markings to aid the driver. The display will typically show the map (or other standard content) on the screen in all other gear modes in most cars.
Variations
Backup cameras are produced in different varieties depending on the application.
Backup or Reversing Cameras can be added as aftermarket additions to vehicles that do not come with factory-fitted systems. They are available in both wired and wireless versions.
For large vehicles such as motorhomes, camera systems with built-in servomechanisms allow the driver to remotely pan and tilt the camera.
Wireless Backup Cameras come with a wireless camera and receiver, which make it easier and cheaper to install them.
Built-in audio intercoms (one-way or two-way) are used in addition to the camera system for communicating with a spotter outside the vehicle - common when backing large trailers or launching boats.
Night vision cameras use a series of infrared lights for backing in the dark, when the positioning or the intensity of the vehicle's white reverse lights are insufficient for this purpose.
Portable or semi-permanent all-in-one camera systems (also known as dashboard cameras or dashcams) are sold typically for vehicles that don't have displays permanently installed in the dash. Such systems consist of a small portable screen that can be affixed on the dashboard or on rearview mirror, and a length of wire to reach the cameras, including a backup camera.
Some backup and rear cameras are connected to displays on the rearview mirror and are used in vehicles to detect activity behind the car to "avoid the tooling, software, hardware, and testing costs associated with integrating the display/feature in other areas of the vehicle."
License-plate-frame versions permit permanent installation without any permanent vehicle modifications.
Custom cameras: brake light cameras are combination devices that contain a camera, while still illuminating as a brake light. Some backup cameras also use a combination of LEDs surrounding the camera lens to illuminate the surroundings while in use.
Introduction
The first backup camera was used in the 1956 Buick Centurion concept car, presented in January 1956 at the General Motors Motorama. The vehicle had a rear-mounted television camera that sent images to a TV screen in the dashboard in place of the rear-view mirror.
Later the 1972 Volvo Experimental Safety Car (VESC) had a backup camera. However, the camera element did not make it into the following Volvo 240 model.
The first production automobile to incorporate a backup camera was the 1991 Toyota Soarer Limited (UZZ31 and UZZ32), which was only available in Japan and not on its U.S. counterpart, the Lexus SC. The Toyota system used a color EMV screen, with a rear-spoiler-mounted CCD camera. The system was discontinued in 1997. In April 2000, Nissan's Infiniti luxury division introduced the RearView Monitor on the 2002 Q45 flagship sedan at the 2000 New York International Auto Show. Introducing coloured onscreen guidelines as a parking distance parameter, the RearView Monitor operated from a license-plate-mounted camera in the trunk that transmitted a mirrored image to an in-dash (7-inch) LCD screen. It was available as optional equipment upon North American market launch in March 2001. The 2002 Nissan Primera introduced the RearView Monitor backup camera system to territories outside Japan and North America.
Aftermarket options for cars have been available for some time. Electronics manufacturers have made multiple car upgrades available that can be installed by professionals without replacing the car's center console.
Others
Other types of camera systems can give a more comprehensive view.
Around View Monitor
In 2007 Nissan introduced their "Around View Monitor" on the 2008 Infiniti EX35, which uses four cameras to give a bird's eye view of the vehicle. BMW introduced their competing system called Surround View in 2009 on the F10 5 Series. Other automobile manufacturers have since offered similar systems and 2011 Toyota Introduced Panoramic View Monitor in a 2012 facelift Alphard and Vellfire.
Side mirror
First offered in October 2018, the Japanese market Lexus ES can be optioned with cameras as side view mirrors.
Wireless Backup Camera
This is an advanced type of reversing camera that does not require the use of cables between the camera itself and the display. It functions remotely. Wireless rear-view cameras usually have separate sources of power from the display. The cameras are usually powered by the same power source as the brake and thus switches on automatically when one engages the reverse gear. Majority of these backup cameras usually come with a transmitter (near the camera) and a receiver (near the display) for relaying the signals and live images. Some models such as the Pearl RearVision backup camera, which is made by Pearl Automation, use solar energy for power. The display for these types of backup camera can be powered from the cigarette socket on the car's dashboard. Some of the displays are also integrated on the rear-view mirror thereby giving it a multipurpose function. Some models also sync directly with one's phone using an app which then acts as the display. The main advantage of this type of backup camera is that it is extremely easy to install and rarely requires the help of professional when doing it. The installation of these cameras also do not interfere with a car's look as minimal to no drilling or laying of wires is required. However, this comes at a cost as some of these wireless cameras are quite expensive.
Blind spot monitors and other technology
Blind spot monitors are an option that may include more than monitoring the sides of the vehicle. It can include "Cross Traffic Alert", "which alerts drivers backing out of a parking space when traffic is approaching from the sides."
Mandates
In the United States, the Cameron Gulbransen Kids Transportation Safety Act of 2007 required the United States Department of Transportation to issue backup-collision-safety regulations within three years and require full compliance within four years after final rulemaking.
The law specified a statutory deadline of February 2011 for issuing the final regulations. However, under the Obama administration the USDOT repeatedly granted itself extensions to the deadline, claiming it needed more time analyze the costs and benefits of the requirement. In September 2013, Greg Gulbransen, the father of the child whom the law was named after, along with a group of consumers and advocates submitted a petition to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, demanding that the USDOT implement regulations on backup cameras within 90 days. About half of model year 2012 automobiles were equipped with backup cameras.
On March 31, 2014, three years past its deadline, the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration announced that it would require all automobiles sold in the United States built beginning in May 2018 to include backup cameras. On October 31, 2016, Transport Canada issued a similar mandate beginning at the same time.
See also
Automatic parking
Blind spot monitor
Collision avoidance system
Experimental Safety Vehicle (ESV)
Intelligent Parking Assist System
Intelligent car
Lane departure warning system
Omniview technology
Parking sensors
RCA
Waterproof
Wing mirror
Notes
External links
Advanced driver assistance systems
Vehicle safety technologies
Southern Reunion (Angel Air SJPCD163) is Mo Foster's second solo album.
All tracks were produced by Mo, engineered and mixed by Simon Smart, with the exception of "The Man From The Everglades" which was engineered and mixed by Mo.
Southern Reunion was originally released on the MMC label in 1991 and was subsequently remastered and re-released in 2004 on the Angel Air record label.
Track listing
"Gil" – 5:22
"Blue" – 5:25
"Achill Island" – 6:48
"Waves" – 5:17
"Tricotism" – 4:06
"A Notional Anthem" – 5:28
"Southern Reunion" – 4:29
"Grand Unified Boogie" – 3:57
"Fractal Landscape" – 4:24
"Shin-Kan-Sen" – 6:09
"The Man From The Everglades" – 4:05 (bonus track only on 2004 reissue)
All tracks were written by Mo Foster with the exception of "Tricotism" which was written by Oscar Pettiford.
Personnel
Mo Foster - Basses, keyboards
Gary Husband - drums, keyboards
Gary Moore - Guitar
Ray Warleigh - Flute, Alto Flute, Piccolo
Iain Ballamy - Soprano saxophone
Stan Sulzman - Soprano saxophone
Ray Russell - Guitar
Frank Ricotti - Vibraphone, percussion
Stuart Brookes - Trumpet
Greg Knowles - percussion
Geoff Castle - keyboards
Julian Littman - Mandolin
Snail's-Pace Slim - Slide Guitar
Karen Bates - Voice
Technical details
It was recorded between June and July 1988 and September 1990 at Last Chance Recordings, London, England
with additional recordings being made at Woodcray Manor Studios, Berkshire, England and Northpond Studio, London, England.
The 2004 re-release was digitally remastered from the original analogue masters by Simon Smart at Blue Base Studio, London, England
1991 albums
Mo Foster albums
Angel Air albums
Solitude is the fourth studio album by King Midas Sound, the musical project of British musicians Kevin Martin and Roger Robinson. It was released on 15 February (Valentine's Day) 2019 through Cosmo Rhythmatic.
The album is almost entirely beatless, and the lyrics explore isolation, loneliness, regret and resentment. According to Martin and Robinson, it was recorded in a fraught period, but the lyrics are not autobiographical.
Track listing
Reception
While the album was largely met with positive reviews, reviewers have found the album difficult to recommend due to the overwhelming bleakness of it. Theo Korz for The Line of Best Fit wrote that "Solitude is not an easy record to enjoy – even in writing this review I was reluctant to return to it", but that the album was "brilliant and awful", while Louis Pattison for Pitchfork wrote that "Solitude is the sort of record it's hard to recommend wholeheartedly", saying it's "too severe, too unrelenting".
References
2019 albums
Kevin Martin (British musician) albums
Cathryn Boch (born 1968, Strasbourg), is a French award-winning artist who lives and works in Marseille. She won Drawing Now Prize in 2014. She obtained many residencies abroad and exhibited at key galleries and museums, including MAMCO Geneva in 2009.
Life
Cathryn Boch was born in Strasbourg in 1968. She graduated from University of Strasbourg in 1990, receiving General Academic Studies Degree (D.E.U.G.) in History of Art. Later she received National Diploma of Plastic Art Studies (1994) and National Superior Diploma of Plastic Expression (1996) from Graduate School of Decorative Arts of Strasbourg. In 2002-2003 Boch also completed Visual Art training (C.F.P.I) at Graduate School of Decorative Arts of Strasbourg.
In 2014 she won Drawing Now Prize. Between 1995 and 2001 Boch was one of four artists known as the group “Les Pisseuses” who chalked exquisite corpses on the walls of Strasbourg.
Art
Boch uses road maps, aerial views, topographic surveys and entire iconography of locating, measing and recording the territory as a raw material for her artworks. As a painter she mixes the colors on her palette to get the desired tone, like a sculptor she takes pieces of the material to give the substance a form. She calls the job she is doing “drawing”: she works with the paper, touching it, sanding, scraping and piercing, until the drawing is revealed in layers. Manipulating maps with hand sewing, she creates sculptural topography. The tension of the threads hardens the folds and paper turns into sculpture, reinforced with a frosting of sugar or varnish. Tension of the material is used as a metaphor of world's tension shaken by migratory crisis, rise of extremes, wars and global warming. For Boch, born in Alsace border region of parents from both countries, geographical borders in her works is a paradoxical space, both marginal and central, a space of closure and encounter.
Boch's work was featured in numerous exhibitions at key galleries and museums, including the Galerie Christian Berst, Paris and the Galerie Sébastien Bertrand, Rue de l'Evêché among others. Her works are in public collections of Frac Picardie and PACA, Municipal Fund of the City of Paris (FMAC) and the Georges Pompidou Center, as well as in several renowned private collections.
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
2019 - Reverse, Galerie Papillon, Paris
2016 - Monads, Galerie Papillon, Paris
2015 - N 48 ° 51 '47' 'E 2 ° 21'24' ', The Observatory, BHV Marais, Paris
2015 - N 43 ° 18 '21.5' 'E 5 ° 22'03.0' ', Experimental Tray, FRAC Paca, Marseille
2014 - Saint Germain des Prés course, La Perla, Paris
2014 - Cathryn Boch, Sébastien Bertrand Gallery, Geneva, Switzerland
2013 - N ° 48 ° 51 '47' 'E 2 ° 21'24' ', Claudine Papillon Gallery, Paris
2012 - Shameless Modesty, Galerie Sébastien Bertrand, Geneva, Switzerland
2010 - Ent 10 12 9 lassen, Anne de Villepoix Gallery, Paris
2009 - 10 8 6 überholen, Commissioner Christian Bernard in the context of the cycle "The kind of thing melancholy ", MAMCO, Geneva, Switzerland
2008 - Oriented drawing, Galerie Anne de Villepoix, Paris
2007 - With each step one stumbles ..., Center of Art of CEAAC, Strasbourg
2006 - Project room "Drawings", Galerie Anne de Villepoix, Paris
2006 - Basanaviviaus j-3, French Embassy, Vilnius, Lithuania
Group exhibitions (selected)
2019 - Mare Nostrum. Mediterranean Identities, Villa Datris, Espace Monte Cristo, Paris
2019 - Memories of travel. The collection of Antoine de Galbert, Grenoble Museum, Grenoble
2018 - Soft Power, Pallet Truck, Bourges
2017 - Paratissima13, Caserma La Marmora, Turin, Italy
2017 - Inextricabilia, magic entanglements, La Maison Rouge, Paris
2016 - Between the lines, Art Zone, Strasbourg
2016 - The drawn contemporary, Museum of Decorative Arts, Paris
2015 - Either 10 years, Interior States, Galerie Christian Berst, Paris
2015 - Works on paper, Sébastien Bertrand Gallery, Geneva, Switzerland
2015 - Feel Paris, Lelege Art Gallery, Beijing, China
2014 - Choices, Palace of Fine Arts, Paris
2013 - Drawings - Faux drawings, Galerie Papillon, Paris
2013 - Donation Daniel and Florence Guerlain Foundation, Center Pompidou, Paris
2011 - Recent Acquisitions of the Cabinet d'Art Graphique, Center Pompidou, Paris
2010 - Elles@centrepompidou, Artists women in the collections of the Center Pompidou, Center Pompidou, Paris
2008 - Subtil Textile, Galleries Gallery, Galeries Lafayette Paris
2001 - 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 ++ 1 ... Picnic, Museum of Modern Art of Sintra, Portugal
2000 - Prime Time. "1 + 1 + 1 + 1 ..., Commissioner Pascal Neveux, FRAC Alsace, Sélestat
Collections
Municipal Fund of the City of Paris (FMAC), Paris
Picardie Regional Contemporary Art Fund (FRAC Picardie), Amiens
Regional Contemporary Art Fund PACA (FRAC PACA), Marseille
Daniel and Florence Guerlain Foundation, Paris
Modern and Contemporary Art Museum (MAMCO Geneva), Geneva
National Fund of Contemporary Art, Paris
Cabinet of Graphic Art, Georges Pompidou Center, Paris
Antoine de Galbert Collection, The Red House, Paris
References
External links
Fabienne Dumont and Pascal Neveux, Paris, Butterfly Gallery, 2017
Stéphanie Malbeen, Dessin syncopé, Éditions Le Manuscrit, 2019
1968 births
Living people
21st-century French artists
21st-century French women artists
Artists from Strasbourg
University of Strasbourg alumni
Artists from Marseille
Saruq Al Hadid ( ) is an archaeological site in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE), and stands as one of the most important and enigmatic historical sites in the country. Findings from the site are displayed in a museum with the same name in the city of Dubai. The site was originally discovered by the ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, while flying his helicopter across the desert.
The site
The Saruq Al Hadid site is considered to have been a centre of constant human habitation, trade and metallurgy from the Umm Al Nar period (2600–2000 BCE) to the Iron Age (1,000 BCE), when it was a major location for smelting bronze, copper and Iron. Arguably its most important period of flourishing was as a metallurgical centre in the Iron Age II period (1100–600 BCE). One of the many thousands of finds to be documented at the site was an ornate gold ring, which became the inspiration for Dubai's Expo 2020 logo.
An abundance of pottery and metal artifacts have given rise to speculation of possibly identifying the site as a centre of snake worship. In all, over 12,000 unique objects have been unearthed at the site. A number of key finds are on public display at Dubai's Saruq Al Hadid Archaeology Museum in Al Shindagha, housed in a traditional barjeel (wind tower) building constructed in 1928 by Sheikh Juma bin Maktoum Al Maktoum.
The site, a millennia-old hub for manufacturing and trade, has been linked to Dubai's present role as a global trading hub.
Discovery
The site, now part of the Al Marmoom Desert Conservation Reserve, was discovered incidentally in 2002 by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, as he was flying across the desert in his helicopter. Noticing some unusual dune formations and a large black deposit in the sands, he reported the site to Dubai Municipality. The site proved to be a field of waste, or slag, from copper and iron smelting. It was conjectured the extensive slag field, measuring some 1.5 hectares, had stopped the sand shifting and blowing and so had preserved the underlying site.
That first exploration yielded a horde of ceramics, beads and copper and bronze artifacts, including arrowheads, axe heads, a fish-hook, bracelets, knives and, intriguingly, models of snakes. Five seasons of excavations led by Jordan's department of antiquities followed, revealing “an extraordinary collection of Iron Age artefacts”. The survey work carried out at this time also unearthed the nearby Umm Al Nar site of Al-Ashoosh. This was followed by a series of digs carried out in 2008–2009 by the Dubai Desert Survey, a joint project between a group of American researchers and the Dubai Department of Tourism and Commerce Marketing. This revealed that the site was not just an Iron Age settlement, but a multi-period site with distinct site functions spread over more than three millennia.
Several archaeological expeditions have worked on the site in recent years. The Saruq al-Hadid Archaeological Research Project (SHARP) from the University of New England (UNE), Australia, completed a three-year programme of archaeological ﬁeldwork and post-excavation analysis in 2017. Research in different sectors of the site was also carried out by teams from the Sanisera Archaeological Institute (Spain, 2015–2019), Thomas Urban and Partner (Germany, 2016–2017) and the Polish Centre of Mediterranean Archaeology University of Warsaw (Poland, 2016–2018). Until 2018, the Polish team, directed by Piotr Bieliński and Iwona Zych, excavated a part of the site chosen for exploration because of a large accumulation (several tons) of copper slag. The researchers found large amounts of strips of copper and gold, as well as other semi-finished products and numerous metal finds. Most of them were produced locally, but many objects were imported from different parts of the world.
Finds
Located some 40 km inland from the shore at Jebel Ali, the site is an enigma – the three requirements for smelting metals (water, fuel and ore) are lacking. It has been speculated that the site may have been chosen because of religious beliefs. Bronze snakes found at the site, as well as pottery decorated with snake motifs, provide some of the many mysteries of Saruq Al Hadid. In smaller numbers, these have been found elsewhere in the UAE and Oman, specifically at Qusais, Rumailah, Bithnah, Masafi and Salut, but Saruq Al Hadid was either the main centre for production or was of great significance to what may have been a snake cult.
Early eras at Saruq Al Hadid are represented by stone-lined hearths and ash-pits, as well as associated post-holes. A series of midden deposits containing large amounts of animal bone have supported carbon dating to the Umm Al Nar and Wadi Suq periods. Deposits of a large number of artefacts, thought to have been cached, have been dated to Iron Age I-II, with finds between 1.3–3 metres dated to Iron Age II. Surface deposits represent Iron Age II and later.
A total of 223,889 bone fragments have been recovered from the site, from camel and oryx bones through to rodents, with widespread evidence of both hunting and husbandry and also hide processing. There are also a large number of saltwater fish bones, including whole fish bodies of bream, needlefish, emperorfish and grunt, which would point to the salting and preservation of fish at the coast before its transportation inland. This practice of salting fish for inland consumption was first observed at Mleiha.
As well as bones of inland bird species such as quail, Socotra cormorant bones were also evident. Animal remains point to Saruq Al Hadid enjoying richer vegetation in the past. Pottery finds point to Iron Age I and Wadi Suq links with Tell Abraq, Kalba and Shimal, as well as Muweilah and Bithnah, the latter also a site where snake motifs are notable on pottery.
Decorative items unearthed from Saruq Al Hadid include metal and stone jewellery, as well as elaborate items carved from shell. Depictions of snakes are a common decoration motif. The research results indicate that the metallurgical production was accompanied by ritual practices.
Metallurgy
Widespread evidence for copper smelting at Saruq Al Hadid consists of slag, ingots and finished items, as well as copper scrap. While there have been finds at the site linking smelting to Wadi Suq objects, most evidence is of later origin, from the early Iron Age through to the pre-Islamic period. Finished copper items recovered from the site include extensive troves of weapons (swords, daggers, knives, axes and arrow-heads), as well as adornments and decorations – including snake figurines. While many items were made from very pure copper, traces of alloys have been found, including alloys of tin – which is not found naturally in Arabia and which must therefore have been traded from overseas. Finds of zinc-rich 'brass' have also been recorded.
A number of bimetallic items, comprising ferrous and copper alloys, have been found at the site, with over 200 kg of ferrous remains in all – a significant quantity given the dearth of ferrous items recovered from other sites in the region. Despite the wide range of ferrous items recovered, there has been no sign of furnaces or iron slag at the site. Major finds of gold at Saruq Al Hadid include base materials, wire and strips, as well as finished items such as beads and rings made from pure gold, gold sheet over silver alloy and lead.
Trade links
The 53 seals unearthed from the site constitute the largest collection of Iron Age seals in the Arabian Peninsula and demonstrate links with Mesopotamia, the Indo-Iranian area and Egypt. Seals with distinctive patterns from 'Dilmun', as well as animal, figurative, crescent, pyramid and star patterns have been found and catalogued. Finds of early Iron Age carved wooden artefacts at the site consist of local woods such as Acacia, Ghaf and Sidr, but also items made from olive and pine wood, which point to early trade links with the Levant.
As well as evidence of metals from far afield such as tin, which is not found in the Gulf peninsula, carnelian beads point to links with the Indus Valley, while seals and pottery finds link to the Sumerians of Mesopotamia.
Rituals connected with the cult of a snake have a long tradition in the Levant, which suggests the existence of contacts between these regions in the Late Bronze and Early Iron Ages.
Saruq Al Hadid Archaeology Museum
The Saruq Al Hadid Archaeology Museum opened to the public in 2016 in the Shindagha heritage district of Dubai, near Dubai Creek and was inaugurated by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. The museum features collections found in the Saruq Al Hadid site as well as archaeological information gathered from the site. The museum is located in the historic house of Sheikh Juma Al Maktoum (brother to the former Ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Saeed bin Maktoum bin Hasher Al Maktoum) in Shindagha. The display is composed of multiple rooms each containing specific items and explanations of the archaeological history associated with the items. The museum is divided into rooms which contain metalwork, animal bones, snake symbols, and jewelry. The facility also houses a gift shop for tourists.
Other historic sites in the area include the Sheikh Saeed Al Maktoum House, now also a museum that houses old artifacts of Dubai.
Gallery
See also
List of Ancient Settlements in the UAE
Archaeology of the United Arab Emirates
Iron Age in the United Arab Emirates
References
External links
Saruq al Hadid Archaeology Museum
SHARP – the Saruq al-Hadid Archaeological Research Project
Polish Excavations at Saruq al-Hadid
Archaeological sites in the United Arab Emirates
History of Dubai
History of the United Arab Emirates
Archaeology of the United Arab Emirates
Solid Silver is the eighth album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service and their mid-1970s comeback album, reuniting the band's entire core lineup.
Though the album charted slightly higher than their previous two releases, briefly denting the Top 100 on the Billboard 200, this would be the last Quicksilver album until Gary Duncan resurrected the Quicksilver name in 1986 with the album Peace by Piece and again in the 1990s with several albums.
Track listing
Side one
"Gypsy Lights" (Gary Duncan) – 3:40
"Heebie Jeebies" (John Cipollina) – 4:15
"Cowboy on the Run" (Dino Valenti) – 3:13
"I Heard You Singing" (David Freiberg, Robert Hunter) – 3:48
"Worryin' Shoes" (Valenti) – 3:25
Side two
"The Letter" (Valenti) – 4:06
"They Don't Know" (Duncan) – 3:54
"Flames" (Cipollina, Valenti) – 4:20
"Witches' Moon" (Valenti) – 2:59
"Bittersweet Love" (Valenti, Duncan) - 4:23
Personnel
Gary Duncan – electric and pedal steel guitars, vocals
John Cipollina - electric and Hawaiian steel guitars, vocals
Dino Valenti – guitar, vocals
David Freiberg – bass, vocals
Greg Elmore – drums
Additional personnel
Nicky Hopkins – piano
Pete Sears – piano
Michael Lewis – piano, organ, ARP synthesizer
Skip Olson – bass
Mario Cipollina – bass
Kathi McDonald – vocals
Charts
Album
Billboard (United States)
References
Quicksilver Messenger Service albums
1975 albums
Capitol Records albums
Pahalman Singh Swar () was a Nepalese dramatist. He is best known for his play called Atal Bahadur which was published in 1905.
Early life
He was born in November, 1878 in Ridikot, Achham District, Nepal to father Laxmi SIngh Swar and mother Deekura Devi. Due to the lack of formal education in Accham during that period, Swar was taught Nepali and Sanskrit texts at home. He also read books in English and Hindi languages. His father was a government contractor and he incurred a major loss in 1895. When the then prime minister of Nepal decreed that every contractor should pay fifty thousand rupees to their share of contract, his father discontinued the work. His father and his elder brother were subsequently arrested and their housed was seized by the government.
He then fled to India and took refuge in a place called Singahi under the care of Queen Surat Kumari. There he founded L.P. Swaar Company, a clothes trading business. He also trained in weaving in Gujrat in 1905 inspired from the textile industries there.
Later life
He wrote four of his best well known books - Premamrit Bachan Sangraha, Ankendu Shekhar, Atal Bahadur and Anadaraj in India. He returned to Kathmandu and established various businesses but failed in most of them. He was also jailed multiple times of fale allegations. Finally, he then returned back to Kailali and settled there.
His works include Atal Bahadur (1905), and Abhijnanasakuntalam, Ankendrashekhar. Some of his works were banned for his anti-Rana sentiment.
Swar died in May 1934 in Kailali District, Nepal.
Honors
Ratna Pustakalaya's library's courtyard in Kathmandu includes a bust of Pahalman Singh Swar. In 1980, the Government of Nepal issued a postage stamp featuring Swar.
A library in his name - Pahalman library has been opened in Kailali district. A highway connecting Dipayal, Doti to Sanfebagar in Achham district is named after him as Pahalman Singh Highway.
Pahalman Singh Swar Memorial Foundation was established in his honor. Every year the foundation confers the following awards:
Pahalman Singh Swar Lifetime Literary Award
Pahalman Singh Swar Genius Award
Taraman Ambika Devi Swar Educatin Award
Balman Singh Swar Film Award
See also
Bhanubhakta Acharya
Lekhnath Paudyal
Motiram Bhatta
References
1878 births
1934 deaths
Nepalese dramatists and playwrights
Nepali-language writers
People from Achham District
20th-century Nepalese writers
Nepalese male writers
20th-century Nepalese male writers
Charles Bertie Helps (1910–1991) was an English male track cyclist.
Cycling career
Helps became British champion when winning the British National Individual Sprint Championships in 1936. He turned professional in 1939.
References
1910 births
1991 deaths
British male cyclists
British track cyclists
A selfie is a self-photograph, a style of portraiture that became popular in the 2000s.
Selfie or selfies may also refer to:
Selfie (TV series), a 2014 American sitcom starring Karen Gillan and John Cho
Selfie (2014 film), a Romanian film
Selfie (2018 film), a Russian film
Selfie (2019 film), a French film
Selfie (2022 film), an Indian film
Selfie (album), a 2014 album by the Italian singer Mina
"#Selfie" (song), a 2014 song by the American DJ duo the Chainsmokers, stylized "#SELFIE"
"Selfies" (song), a 2014 song by the Scottish singer-songwriter Nina Nesbitt
"Selfie", a 2015 song by the Serbian singer Milica Pavlović
See also
Selphie Tilmitt, a character in the video game Final Fantasy VIII
Karataş, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
The Tata Duende or El Dueño del Monte is a supernatural creature appearing in cultural folklore stories, mostly evident in Mayan and Mestizo cultures. The Tata Duende is considered a powerful spirit that protects animals and the jungle. There are many stories that have been passed on from generation to generation, to warn against this mischievous spirit. This creature has appeared on a postage stamp of Belize as part of a series on Belizean folklore. The name Tata Duende comes from the Yucatec Maya word "Tata" meaning Grandfather or old and the word "Duende" is Spanish for goblin. The Spanish term duende originated as a contraction of the phrase dueño de casa or duen de casa, "possessor of a house", and was originally conceptualized as a mischievous spirit inhabiting a house. In Yucatec Maya the Tata Duende is known as Nukuch Tat.
Origin
The Tata Duende is a famous folklore common to the Maya culture and the Mestizo culture. According to different stories, The Tata Duende " is well known for luring children into the jungle, therefore, the Tata Duende has been used to scare children into behaving. Farmers would blame the Tata Duende if weird things happened on the farm. For example: it was common to see a horse's mane braided and it is claimed that these braids would be difficult to loose, sometimes it had to be cut. The true origin of the 'Tata Duende' seems to be quite unclear since many countries may have similar descriptions but different names. However, the term 'Tata Duende' seems to be coined in the Belizean folklore. Between the Yucatec Maya of Belize the Tata duende is known as Nukuch Tat or Tata Balam, it is seen as a good Maya guardian spirit of the forest,animals and humans. The Yucatec Maya of Belize continue giving offerings to the Tata duende for protection and for their help .
Description
People who claimed to have seen the 'Tata Duende' said he was about 3 feet tall and wore a wide brimmed hat. Sometimes he wore a red hat and animal skin for clothing. He is also described as having his feet pointing backwards and his thumbs missing. Parents would tell their children that if they ever came across this creature to hide their thumbs or the Duende would bite it off. Some stories of people who have encountered the 'Tata Duende' say that they could recognize him because of his distinct whistle. Others say that he smokes cigars and plays the guitar.
The creature was investigated on a 5th season episode of Destination Truth, where it was speculated that Tata Duende sightings might actually be of the indigenous spider monkey.
Stories
There are many stories warning people to be cautious at farms or jungles when walking alone. The Duende has a special interest in children where he would lure them deeper into the woods and the only way to escape him would be if you hide your thumbs and show only your four fingers. The Duende would think you are like him and would let you go. Other stories say that the Duende would appear mostly during the 'Lenten Season' especially on 'Good Friday.' He is also known for braiding horses' manes and little girls' hair. In addition, the 'Tata Duende' is known to often change into a small animal, or even someone you know. Between the Yucatec Maya, the Tata Duende(Nukuch Tat) protects children in the bush. Many Yucatec Mayas asks permission from the Nukuch Tat before entering the Bush or before entering to hunt.
See also
Curupira
References
Emmons, Katherine M. October 1997. Perceptions of the Environment while Exploring the Outdoors: a case study in Belize. Environmental Education Research. Ambingdon, Oxfordshire. Carfax Publishing, in conjunction with the University of Bath.
The Belize Postal Service (1991). Folklore of Belize: Tata Duende
External links
"El Duende"- San Pedro Folklore
Central American mythology
Belizean culture
Goblins
Supernatural legends
Belizean folklore
Spanish-language Mesoamerican legendary creatures
Maya legendary creatures
is a professional Japanese baseball player. He plays infielder for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters.
External links
NPB.com
1990 births
Living people
Baseball people from Sapporo
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball infielders
Yomiuri Giants players
Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters players
Paul Dominic McKeown (born 3 May 1962) is a former English cricketer. McKeown was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. He was born in Oldham, Lancashire.
McKeown made his debut for Lincolnshire in the 1987 Minor Counties Championship against Cambridgeshire. McKeown played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1989 to 1993, which included 18 Minor Counties Championship matches and 2 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. He made his List A debut against Gloucestershire in the 1990 NatWest Trophy. He bowled 12 wicket-less overs in the Gloucestershire innings, which cost 84 runs. With the bat, he scored 3 unbeaten runs. He played a further List A match for Lincolnshire against Nottinghamshire in the 1991 NatWest Trophy. In this match, he took 3 wickets for the cost of 52 runs from 12 overs, while with the bat he remained unbeaten on one at the end of the Lincolnshire innings.
References
External links
Paul McKeown at ESPNcricinfo
Paul McKeown at CricketArchive
1962 births
Living people
People from Oldham
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Lieutenant General Viktor Vladimirovich Makhmudov () is an Uzbek military leader and security official who is the current Secretary of the National Security Council under the President of Uzbekistan. He was appointed to this position on 21 September 2013.
Early life and career
He was born in 1968 into a military family. His father Vladimir Makhmudov (also a general) was the former Academy of the Armed Forces of Uzbekistan and Chief of the General Staff. His grandfather Nasyr Makhmudov was the First Secretary of the Karakalpak Regional Committee of the Communist Party of Uzbekistan during the Soviet era. He graduated from the Tashkent Higher All-Arms Command School. From 9 October 2008 to 9 June 2010, he was commander of the Tashkent Military District. In 2013, President Islam Karimov appointed Makhmudov as secretary of the National Security Council by decree. He had previously worked as First Deputy Minister of Defense and Chief of the General Staff.
Since 14 August 2020, he has been Chairman of the Uzbek Triathlon Federation.
References
Chiefs of the General Staff (Uzbekistan)
Living people
Military personnel from Tashkent
1968 births
Government of Uzbekistan
Hulunbuir or Hulun Buir (, Kölün buyir, Mongolian Cyrillic: Хөлөнбуйр, Khölönbuir; , Hūlúnbèi'ěr) is a region that is governed as a prefecture-level city in northeastern Inner Mongolia, China. Its administrative center is located at Hailar District, its largest urban area. Major scenic features are the high steppes of the Hulun Buir grasslands, the Hulun and Buir lakes (the latter partially in Mongolia), and the Khingan range. Hulun Buir borders Russia to the north and west, Mongolia to the south and west, Heilongjiang province to the east and Hinggan League to the direct south. Hulunbuir is a linguistically diverse area: next to Mandarin Chinese, Mongolian dialects such as Khorchin and Buryat, the Mongolic language Daur, and some Tungusic languages, including Oroqen and Solon, are spoken there.
History
During the Qing Dynasty (1644–1912), Hulunbuir was part of Heilongjiang province. The 1858 Treaty of Aigun established today's approximate Sino-Russian border, at a great loss to Heilongjiang's territory. In 1901, the Chinese Eastern Railway linked Hulunbuir to the rest of northeast China and to Russian Far East. From 1912 to 1949, during the Republic of China (ROC) period, Hulunbuir was part of Xing'an and Heilongjiang provinces. A treaty between the Russian Empire and the ROC on November 7/October 24, 1915 designated Hulunbuir a "special" region under direct subordination to the Central Government of China, but in practice Russia had partial control over day-to-day administration. In 1929, the Soviet Union broke this agreement and invaded Hulunbuir. After the Japanese invasion of China, Hulunbuir became part of the Japanese puppet state Manchukuo, which was not recognized by the Chinese. In the Chinese Civil War, the Communist Party of China gained the support of Inner Mongol leaders like Ulanhu by promising the irredentist expansion of Inner Mongolia into areas that had majorities of Han and Manchu peoples.
After the 1949 Communist revolution, Hulunbuir was annexed into Inner Mongolia, but the region kept economic ties to the rest of the northeast via the Chinese Eastern Railway. During the Cultural Revolution, the parts of historical Manchuria inside Inner Mongolia were briefly restored to their original provinces; Hulunbuir was given back to Heilongjiang from 1969 to 1979. Until October 10, 2001, Hulunbuir was administered as a League. The area is and had a population of 2.710 million in 2004, while the gross domestic product was RMB 21.326 billion. The jurisdiction area of the city is larger than all but 8 Chinese province-level divisions (and 42 U.S. states), although the actual urban agglomeration is just a very small part of the region, and the average population density of the area is very low.
Names
The city was once a league () of Inner Mongolia, until 10 October 2001. During the Qing Dynasty, it was known in Mandarin as Hūlúnbùyǔ'ěr ().
Administrative subdivisions
Hulunbuir is divided into 13 different county-level jurisdictions: one district, five county-level cities, four banners and three autonomous banners.
Geography and climate
Hulunbuir itself (Hailar) has a humid continental climate (Köppen Dwb). Winters are long, very dry and severe, due to the semi−permanent Siberian High, while summers are short, though very warm, and rather wet, due to the East Asian monsoon. At Hailar, the monthly 24-hour average temperature ranges from in January to in July, while the annual mean is . With at least 55% of possible sunshine in all months and an annual total greater than 2,700 hours, sunny weather dominates year-round. Approximately 70% of the annual rainfall occurs during the three summer months.
Demographics
Transport
Airports include:
Hulunbuir Hailar Airport - Hailar
Zhalantun Chengjisihan Airport - Zhalantun
Xinbarag Youqi Baogede Airport - New Barag Right Banner
References
Further reading
, -4033.
Bökecilagu. Kölün Boyir-un sonirqal-ud. Qayilar : Ȯbȯr Mongġol-un Soyol-un Keblel-u̇n Qoriy-a, 1988. 2, 8, 217 p. .
Möngkedalai. Hulunbeier samanjiao yu lamajiao shilüe = Kölün Boyir-un böge-yin śasin kiged lama-yin śasin-u tobci teüke. Beijing : Minzu chubanshe, 2014. 5, 4, 545 p., ill., biblio., index. .
External links
Hulunbuir government website (in Chinese)
Inner Mongolian postcodes (in English)
Cities in Inner Mongolia
Prefecture-level divisions of Inner Mongolia
National Forest Cities in China
Gökçeyazı, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
The Portland Royal Naval Hospital was a naval hospital on the Isle of Portland, Dorset, England. Serving HMNB Portland at Portland Harbour, the hospital is located close to Castletown. Discounting earlier, temporary incarnations of the hospital, the permanent naval hospital was built at the beginning of the 20th century. It closed in 1957, when it was handed over to the National Health Service, which still runs the hospital as NHS Portland Community Hospital.
History
Before the main hospital was constructed, an early incarnation was established in the naval dockyard, while the Portland Royal Navy's Sick Quarters and Zymotic Hospital (Infectious Diseases branch) was located at Castle Road, near the incline of the Merchant's Railway. Around the turn of the century, a permanent general hospital at Castle Road was established. Completed by 1906, the original site was made up of an officers' block, administration block, surgical block and medical block. An un-timetabled station, Portland Hospital Halt, provided railway access to the site.
During World War II, an underground operating theatre was constructed. Along with the surgical block, it was the only section of the hospital to be in full-time operation. After suffering bomb damage in 1940, a decision was made for as many patients as possible to be moved to a less vulnerable site. Minterne House, located at Minterne Magna in Dorchester, was requisitioned for this purpose, leaving Portland's hospital to become a casualty and emergency hospital only. Despite this, it would receive 5,222 inpatients over the course of the war.
The hospital became surplus to requirements and was handed over to the National Health Service in 1957. The underground operating theatre, although rewired during 1954-5, was then stripped of much of its equipment. In 1996, the Portland Rotary were successful in gaining access to the theatre for a weekend of public tours. Steel gates were then put on the tunnel entrances and the theatre has remained closed to the public since. By 2005, some out-buildings of the hospital site were demolished to make way for Foylebank Way, a residential area for the elderly above 55 years of age.
See also
Healthcare in Dorset
List of hospitals in England
References
Defunct hospitals in England
Hospitals in Dorset
Isle of Portland
Military hospitals in the United Kingdom
Royal Navy Medical Service
Carlos Peralta is a Mexican businessman and baseball team owner.
After inheriting the construction business from his father Alejo Peralta, he expanded it into electronics. In 2001, he sold the company's stake in Iusacell to Vodafone for $973 million. He has since invested in luxury real estate and hydroponic tomato growing.
He owns the Tigres de Quintana Roo.
Personal
Married, he has six children. He is the father of Olivia Peralta, and the grandfather of Loreto Peralta, a child actress known for her part in Instructions Not Included.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Mexican businesspeople
Baseball executives
The 1989 Princeton Tigers football team was an American football team that represented Princeton University during the 1989 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Princeton tied for the Ivy League championship.
In their third year under head coach Steve Tosches, the Tigers compiled a 7–2–1 record and outscored opponents 237 to 177. Franco S. Pagnanelli was the team captain.
Princeton's 6–1 conference record tied for best in the Ivy League standings. The Tigers outscored Ivy opponents 168 to 80. The Tigers' only league loss was to their co-champion, Yale.
Princeton played its home games at Palmer Stadium on the university campus in Princeton, New Jersey.
Schedule
References
Princeton
Princeton Tigers football seasons
Ivy League football champion seasons
Princeton Tigers football
Elections to Ards Borough Council were held on 20 May 1981 on the same day as the other Northern Irish local government elections. The election used three district electoral areas to elect a total of 17 councillors.
Election results
Note: "Votes" are the first preference votes.
Districts summary
|- class="unsortable" align="centre"
!rowspan=2 align="left"|Ward
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
!rowspan=2|TotalCllrs
|- class="unsortable" align="center"
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | DUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | UUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | Alliance
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | UPUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | NILP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | SDLP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="white"| Others
|-
|align="left"|Area A
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|32.0
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|2
|24.7
|2
|9.6
|1
|14.3
|1
|0.0
|0
|11.9
|1
|7.5
|0
|7
|-
|align="left"|Area B
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|40.2
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|3
|14.1
|0
|12.6
|1
|16.0
|1
|17.1
|1
|0.0
|0
|0.0
|0
|6
|-
|align="left"|Area C
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|39.5
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|2
|28.8
|1
|15.5
|1
|6.1
|0
|0.0
|0
|0.0
|0
|10.1
|0
|4
|-
|- class="unsortable" class="sortbottom" style="background:#C9C9C9"
|align="left"| Total
|37.1
|7
|21.7
|3
|12.3
|3
|12.9
|2
|6.5
|1
|4.3
|1
|5.2
|0
|17
|-
|}
District results
Area A
1977: 3 x UUP, 2 x Alliance, 1 x DUP, 1 x SDLP
1981: 2 x DUP, 2 x UUP, 1 x UPUP, 1 x SDLP, 1 x Alliance
1977-1981 Change: DUP and UPUP gain from UUP and Alliance
Area B
1977: 2 x UUP, 2 x Alliance, 1 x NILP, 1 x DUP
1981: 3 x DUP, 1 x NILP, 1 x UPUP, 1 x Alliance
1977-1981 Change: DUP (two seats) and UPUP gain from UUP (two seats) and Alliance
Area C
1977: 1 x UUP, 1 x Alliance, 1 x DUP, 1 x Independent Unionist
1981: 2 x DUP, 1 x UUP, 1 x Alliance
1977-1981 Change: DUP gain from Independent Unionist
References
Ards Borough Council elections
Ards
The Metropolitan District Commission of Connecticut (MDC) is a public non-profit municipal corporation chartered by the Connecticut General Assembly in 1929 to provide drinking water and sewer service to the Hartford area. The original agreement tied together the water systems of Hartford, Bloomfield, Newington, Wethersfield, and Windsor. The MDC currently serves eight towns in the Hartford area. The MDC is run by a 29-member board of commissioners; 17 of which are appointed by the member towns, eight by the governor, and four by legislative leaders. The current Chairman of the MDC Board is William A. DiBella.
History
The MDC began acquiring land for the planned Barkhamsted Reservoir two and a half years before its charter was granted. in 1932 under Chairman Charles Goodwin the MDC was forced to slow its land acquisition as a result of the great depression.
In the 21st century the MDC has faced criticism for opaque business practices and offering deep discounts to select industrial users without public consultation. Regulators at PURA have suggested increased transparency and external audits in addition to the MDC's own.
In 2017 the MDC began work on The South Hartford Conveyance and Storage Tunnel, the largest project in the District's history. The 18 ft diameter tunnel will extend four miles at a depth of over 200 ft and will carry stormwater during significant rain events, this project is the cornerstone of a larger sewer-stormwater separation project aimed at improving water quality in Wethersfield Cove, the Connecticut River, and Long Island Sound. The South Hartford Conveyance and Storage Tunnel project has an estimated budget of over $500 million.
Reservoirs
The Barkhamsted Reservoir was created with the completion of the Saville Dam on the Farmington River. The Barkhamsted Reservoir has a filled volume of 36.8 billion US gallons (139,000,000 m3) and is the largest impoundment on the Farmington River system. The reservoir was completed in 1940 at a cost of $10 million. Filling the reservoir destroyed much of the town of Barkhamsted Hollow. Water from the Barkhamstead Reservoir is transferred by pipes to filtration stations in West Hartford and Bloomfield using only the force of gravity.
The West Hartford Reservoirs are a series of five reservoirs and a number of ponds and water tanks in West Hartford, Connecticut. The Revolutionary War Campsite is a historic archaeological site located on MDC land near Reservoir #6.
Nepaug Reservoir
Lake McDonough and Hogback Reservoir
Headquarters
The current MDC headquarters on the corner of Main and Wells in Downtown Hartford was built in the late 1970s and has ~60,000 square feet of floor space. Its brutalist facade matches the design language of neighboring buildings.
Metropolitan District Commission Police
The MDC has its own police force to enforce the law and protect its various operations. According to the MDC use of its facilities is "regulated by the Connecticut Department of Public Health (Section 24-43c of the Connecticut General Statutes) and enforced by MDC police." The current Chief of Police of The MDC Police is Henry Martin. In 2011 CEO Charles Sheehan stated that Metropolitan District Officers operate both in uniform and in plain clothes, and that they maintain order at the MDC's corporate headquarters in addition to the field facilities.
Controversies
Niagara Bottling Plant
In 2015 the MDC faced criticism over a deal with Niagara Bottling that provided the first bulk discount since the District began operating. They kept the deal secret until after it had been completed and did not offer a chancellor public comment. The Bloomfield Town Council faced criticism for not consulting or notifying the public of the bottling plant, and a significant tax abatement, until after the deal was made. There have been calls for increased transparency.
In 2016 the MBD Board voted to discontinue the Niagara discount, the change was part of an effort to restore public trust after the scandal over secrecy and lack of public oversight.
Chairman DiBella
In 2008 MDC Chairman William A. DiBella was ordered to pay $795,000 in restitution for his key role in a fraudulent investment scheme involving former State Treasurer Paul J. Silvester and Thayer Capital Partners. DiBella and his associates were paid kickbacks from Thayer in return for placing money from the Connecticut State Retirement and Trust Fund into their funds. The scheme unbalanced the State Retirement and Trust Fund portfolio, potentially putting a huge number of State Retirement accounts at risk.
DiBella was MDC Chairman at the time and there have been widespread calls for him to step down, mainly citing his SEC case, the ethics of public office, and the inherent moral corruption of his acts leading to questions about his character. The Federation of Connecticut Taxpayer Organizations has added DiBella to their “Hall of Shame” of politicians who grossly betray the public's trust in addition to calling for him to be stripped of his MDC position. Fellow MDC Commissioner Mark Pappa stated that “If this was a publicly traded company this conversation wouldn't even happen because there's no question Mr. DiBella would not be sitting here.”
Discrimination lawsuits
In 2002 the MDC paid $1.5m to settle claims of discrimination against female and minority employees. MDC Chairman William A. DiBella claimed that the settlement was a result of ``The district wanted to get this behind them.'' A jury in 2000 had awarded the plaintiff, Sharon Harper, $4.6m after finding that MDC officials had defamed her. The Officials spread rumors about Harper that were of a sexual nature and the jury found them to be on their face defamatory, this was seen as highly offensive to Harper because she was a Churchgoer with a conservative southern background. This was the third time in eight years that the MDC was found to be at fault for discriminating against minority employees. Despite the communities it serves being highly diverse the Hartford Courant in 2002 classified the senior management of the MDC as "overwhelmingly white.”
In 2016 the MDC paid $350,000 to settle the case Lebert Thomas v. The Metropolitan District et al. It was alleged that the MDC discriminated against Mr. Thomas on the basis of his race. A confidentiality clause was included with the settlement.
Board of Commissioners
As of September 21st, 2021 the MDC Board of Commissioners consisted of:
Andrew Adil
John Avedisian
Clifford Avery Buell
Rick Bush
Donald M. Currey
Mary Anne Charron
William A. DiBella (Chairman)
David Drake
Peter Gardow
James Healy
Allen Hoffman
Christian Hoheb
Georgiana Holloway
David Ionno
Shubhada Kambli
Mary LaChance
Gary LeBeau
Byron Lester
Diane Lewis
Maureen Magnan (Vice Chairwoman)
Jackie Gorsky Mandyke
Michael Maniscalco
Alphonse Marotta
Domenic M. Pane
Bhupen Patel
Jon Petoskey
Pasquale J. Salemi
Raymond Sweezy
Alvin Taylor
Michael Torres
Richard W. Vicino
James Woulfe
References
Companies based in Hartford, Connecticut
Companies based in Hartford County, Connecticut
Organizations based in Hartford, Connecticut
Organizations based in Connecticut
Public utilities of the United States
Specialist police departments of Connecticut
Ruddles Brewery (G. Ruddle & Co) was a brewery in Rutland, England. The brand is now owned by Greene King who still brew beers under the Ruddles name in Suffolk, although the current recipes are not those used at the original brewery.
The brewery, established in 1858 in Langham, Rutland, was bought by George Ruddle in 1912. Langham remained the home of the brewery until its closure in 1999. The company lost its independence in 1986 and passed into the ownership of Watneys, and then Grolsch in 1992. The value of the brewery and brands had dropped to £4.8m when it was sold to Morland & Co in 1997. Morlands moved production to Abingdon only for that site to be closed by Greene King which took over Morlands in 2000.
The local Langham well water was said to give the beer a unique character and quality which enhanced the brewery's reputation. The difficulty in reproducing elsewhere the taste of the beers has led to the premier beer being jocularly referred to as "Ruddles Counterfeit".
In 1996, Rutland bitter was the third of British beers to have achieved Protected Geographical Indication status; this followed an application by Grolsch Ruddles. Since Greene King closed the Langham brewery, they cannot take advantage of the registration. However, in 2010 former Ruddles head brewer Tony Davis revived Rutland Bitter, brewed at his Grainstore Brewery in Oakham, Rutland.
A television commercial for Ruddles in 1993 featured the last appearance of Vivian Stanshall narrating as Hubert, brother of Sir Henry Rawlinson of Rawlinson End played by Mel Smith and a cross-dressing Dawn French.
In 1996, Ruddles Best won the gold medal in the ordinary bitter category at the first World Beer Cup. Ruddles Best took silver in the bitter category at the Champion Beer of Britain in 1997.
Greene King have now inverted the horseshoe emblem on Ruddles branding.
Ruddles also are part of Aldi's ‘Inspired Cuisine' line with their beer in the Beef filled Yorkshire Pudding.
Beers
Ruddles County
Ruddles Best
Ruddles Organic
Ruddles Rhubarb
In popular culture
Being regarded as one of England's cheapest beers, it is used as a reference in the HBO series Veep.
References
Companies established in 1858
Defunct breweries of the United Kingdom
1858 establishments in England
The Maison du Sport International (International House of Sport) is an office complex opened in 2006 in Lausanne, Switzerland, via a joint venture between the City of Lausanne, the Canton of Vaud and the International Olympic Committee (IOC). It was created to entice all the World's sports governing bodies (also known as International Federations or IF's) to bring their headquarters to Lausanne, in order to improve their proximity to the headquarters of the IOC, and thus improve communications between these bodies.
However, many international federations have their offices elsewhere, often in a country where the specific sport traditionally has a regular following. With modern communications, the need for physical presence is also not as important anymore.
International federations at Maison du Sport International
Currently the tenants of the MSI, include these International Federations:
FAI Fédération Aéronautique Internationale
FITA International Archery Federation
IBAF International Baseball Federation
BWF Badminton World Federation (branch office)
FIBT International Bobsleigh and Tobogganing Federation
AIBA International Boxing Association
UEC Union Européenne de Cyclisme
WBF World Bridge Federation
ICF International Canoe Federation
FISO World OCR (Fédération Internationale de Sports d'Obstacles)
FICS International Federation of Sports Chiropractic
FIMS International Federation of Sports Medicine
FIE Fédération Internationale d'Escrime
FIAS Federation International Amateur de Sambo
WBSC World Baseball Softball Confederation
FISA International Rowing Federation
WTF World Taekwondo Federation (branch office)
FIDE Fédération Internationale des Échecs
Sports organizations at Maison du Sport International
And, these Sports organizations:
IOC International Olympic Committee
SportAccord (Formerly GAISF/AGFIS)
ASOIF Association of Summer Olympic International Federations
ICSD International Committee of Sports for the Deaf
IMGA International Masters Games Association
WFSGI World Federation of the Sporting Goods Industry
AIPS International Sports Press Association
CPA Cyclistes Professionnels Associés
FISU International University Sports Federation
WADA World Anti-Doping Agency European Office
Académie Internationale des sciences et des techniques du sport
Além International Management, Inc.
Sports companies at Maison du Sport International
Sports Recruitment International
Carlson Wagonlit Travel
Ernst and Young
Event Knowledge Services
F2FX ;
Libra Law
IEC in Sport
J. de Heer Consultants
RBO Organisations
SINERGI Sports Consulting
J.-P. et R. Strebel, Consultants
Sport and Arts Global Management (SAG)
Sportcentric
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Lausanne
2006 establishments in Switzerland
The Ponta dos Rosais Lighthouse () is a beacon/lighthouse located along the 200 m cliffs of Ponta dos Rosais near Rosais in the extreme northwest of the island of São Jorge, in the Archipelago of the Azores, Portugal. It includes the main tower and several living quarters and auxiliary buildings constructed for the maintenance and operation of the lighthouse, currently abandoned and in ruins. This includes structures such as a motor-pool, a communal hearth and a series of concrete lavoirs for washing, as well as the larger block devoted to administration and private residences.
History
There was already a notion, by 1890, that a beacon was necessary on the western coast of São Jorge, and a lighthouse was planned for the region.
In 1956, the project was continued by the Comissão Administrativa das Novas Instalações (Administrative Commission for New Installations), an arm of the Portuguese Navy (with a completion predicted for 1957). Yet, by that time the project continued to be audited by the Administrative Commission of the Navy.
At the conclusion of the building project (in 1958), the installation of the equipment began on 1 May, which included mounting of the dual-optical cathode beacon which permitted a 500-metre focal distance. Power was provided by groups of engines that provided power to its 3000 watt/110 volt acetylene lamp. It was finally completed and inaugurated in 1964. At the time of its construction, it was the most advanced lighthouse in the Portuguese network. It was also a self-sufficient complex, with residences for several families, an independent water supply and a power-source to operate independently from the rest of the parish.
Shortly after the lighthouse was completed, it was abandoned during the 1964 Rosais earthquake, when seismic events and an underwater eruption hit the Ponta dos Rosais, causing damage to 900 homes and 400 buildings in the parish of Rosais. The earthquake caused enough panic to warrant the evacuation of its residents to the neighbouring island of Terceira, which included the temporary evacuation of the lighthouse families. Over time these fears were mitigated and life resumed at the complex.
There was a substitution of the main lamp for dioptic model with 150 mm focal distance, and with 50 watt/12 volt capacity and supported by batteries charged by photovoltaic solar panels. The change, although more efficient, allowed the beacon to be seen for .
Then, on 1 January 1980, a series of seismic events, in the order of 7 on the Richter magnitude scale caused destruction to homes on Terceira, Graciosa, Faial and São Jorge islands. These events caused significant damage to the structure of the lighthouse and buildings, necessitating a complete abandonment of the complex.
The lighthouse was automated and reopened on 5 July 1982.
References
Notes
Sources
Lighthouses completed in 1964
Ponta Rosais
Buildings and structures in Velas
Rosais
Numaykoos Lake Provincial Park was designated a provincial park by the Government of Manitoba in 1995. The park is in size. The park is considered to be a Class Ib protected area under the IUCN protected area management categories.
See also
List of protected areas of Manitoba
References
External links
Find Your Favorite Park: Numaykoos Lake Provincial Park
Provincial parks of Manitoba
Protected areas of Manitoba
Good, Bad & Pretty Things is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Jessie Farrell. It was released on October 6, 2009, by 604. The album's first single is "You Make Me Feel".
Track listing
Personnel
Eddie Bayers - drums, percussion
Bruce Bouton - lap steel guitar, pedal steel guitar
Gary Burr - acoustic guitar, resonator guitar
Jessie Farrell - lead vocals, background vocals
Kevin Haynie - banjo
Brent Mason - electric guitar
Michael Rhodes - bass guitar
Mike Rojas - accordion, Hammond B-3 organ, keyboards
Jonathan Yudkin - fiddle, mandolin
2009 albums
604 Records albums
Jessie Farrell albums
Hartwig Cassel (November 2, 1850 in Konitz, West Prussia (now Chojnice, Poland) – 1929) was a chess journalist, editor and promoter in Great Britain and the United States of America.
Cassel was born at Konitz, where his father, Dr. Aaron Cassel, was rabbi, and was educated at the Real-Gymnasium in Landsberg an der Warthe (now Gorzów Wielkopolski, Poland). In 1879 he went to Britain. He lived in Scotland, where he was a member of the Glasgow Chess Club, and later moved to Bradford, Yorkshire, where he began his journalistic career as the chess editor of the Observer-Budget. He wrote chess articles for the metropolitan and provincial English papers, organized the Yorkshire County Chess Club, arranged the Joseph Henry Blackburne-Isidor Gunsberg match at Bradford (1887) and the International Chess Masters' Tournament in 1888 at the same city.
Cassel left England in 1889 and went to Havana for an English and New York newspaper syndicate to report the Mikhail Tchigorin-Gunsberg match. In 1890 he went to the United States and was offered a job at the New Yorker Staatszeitung. He wrote about chess not only in that paper, but also in the New York Tribune and wrote a special chess column nearly every Sunday for The New York Sun. He was instrumental in establishing the Staats-Zeitung and Rice trophies, and arranged, among other important contests, the first cable match between the Manhattan Chess Club and the British Chess Club in 1895, the forerunner of the Anglo-American series. He was the inventor of a chess cable code.
In 1904 he and Hermann Helms published the first issue of the American Chess Bulletin. That issue included all 120 games from the 1904 Cambridge Springs tournament.
References
, McFarland & Co., 2002.
The 1904 Cambridge Springs International Chess Conference
External links
1850 births
1929 deaths
German chess players
British chess players
American chess players
American chess writers
American male non-fiction writers
Jewish chess players
19th-century German Jews
German emigrants to the United Kingdom
People from the Province of Prussia
People from West Prussia
People from Chojnice
Boomerang is a 2015 French drama film directed by François Favrat and starring Laurent Lafitte, Mélanie Laurent, Audrey Dana and Wladimir Yordanoff. It is an adaptation of Tatiana de Rosnay's novel A Secret Kept (alternative title:Boomerang). The film was released in theatres on 23 September 2015.
Cast
Laurent Lafitte as Antoine Rey
Mélanie Laurent as Agathe Rey
Audrey Dana as Angèle
Wladimir Yordanoff as Charles Rey
Bulle Ogier as Blanche Rey
as Astrid
as Anne-Sophie
as Bernadette
Angèle Garnier as Margaux
Kate Moran as Jean
as Clarisse
Rose Favrat as Rose
Lou-Ann Opéron as Pauline
Eriq Ebouaney as The psychiatrist
References
External links
2015 films
2015 drama films
2010s French-language films
French drama films
Films based on French novels
Films directed by François Favrat
French LGBT-related films
2015 LGBT-related films
LGBT-related drama films
2010s French films
Andy Harmer (born c. 1979) is a British actor and performer from Eastbourne, Sussex, England.
David Beckham lookalike
Harmer is primarily known as a lookalike for David Beckham, the international footballer and celebrity. Harmer has been working as a Beckham lookalike since 1998. In this capacity, he has appeared in films such as Bend it like Beckham and Goal. Harmer has also worked alongside Beckham while shooting advertisements for Pepsi Cola, Adidas, Vodafone, PlayStation, Beckham Instinct and Castrol Oil.
The Copycats
In 2005, Harmer and his band, The Copycats, were the subject of a documentary produced by Sky One, which studied his life as a lookalike and the band's tour of Japan. In 2007, Harmer appeared on the BBC television program Dragons Den, pitching a business proposal for a celebrity lookalike business. Also in 2007, he appeared in the Sky One programme, The Beckhams Go to Hollywood, where he posed as David Beckham to test the public's reaction before the Beckham family's move from Madrid to Los Angeles.
The Chippendoubles
In 2010, Harmer appeared in the fourth series of Britain's Got Talent as part of an act known as The Chippendoubles.
References
External links
Beckhamlookalike.com
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English male actors
People from Eastbourne
Pennsylvania Route 136 (PA 136) is a state highway located in Washington, Allegheny, and Westmoreland Counties in Pennsylvania. The western terminus is at US 40 and PA 18 in Washington. The eastern terminus is at US 30 in Greensburg.
PA 136 was established in September 1964 to replace the stretch of PA 31 from Greensburg to Washington while the section west of Washington was re-designated as PA 844.
Route description
Washington County
PA 136 begins at an intersection with US 40/PA 18 in the city of Washington in Washington County, heading east on two-lane undivided West Beau Street. The road heads through the commercial downtown of Washington, becoming East Beau Street at the Main Street junction. The route intersects the one-way pair carrying US 19 as it passes through the Washington & Jefferson College campus. PA 136 heads into residential areas and enters the borough of East Washington, turning to the northeast. The road heads into South Strabane Township and comes to an interchange with I-70/I-79, at which point it becomes a divided highway. Past this interchange, the route becomes undivided again and passes a few businesses before continuing past more homes. PA 136 winds east through areas of woods and housing developments before heading through a mix of farmland and woodland with a few residences. The road becomes the border between North Strabane Township to the north and South Strabane Township to the south as it heads into more industrial areas as an unnamed road. The route passes over the Allegheny Valley Railroad's W&P Subdivision line and comes to an intersection with PA 519 in Eighty Four, at which point it crosses into Somerset Township. PA 136 continues east through areas of farms and woods with occasional homes. The road winds to the northeast and becomes the border between Nottingham Township to the north and Somerset Township to the south, passing through Dunningsville. The route heads east through more agricultural areas with a few woods and residences, heading southeast into more wooded areas of homes, running through Kammerer. PA 136 turns northeast and fully enters Somerset Township again, running through more rural areas. The road becomes the border between Nottingham Township and Somerset Township again. The route forms the border between Nottingham Township to the north and Fallowfield Township to the south as it curves northeast again and continues through more wooded areas with some fields and homes. PA 136 turns east and heads through residential areas, turning southeast onto Dry Run Road as it becomes the border between Carroll Township to the north and Fallowfield Township to the south. A short distance later, the road comes to Ginger Hill and intersects the northern terminus of PA 917.
Here, the route turns east into Carroll Township, passing through woodland and coming to an interchange with the PA 43 toll road, where it becomes a divided highway. Following this interchange, PA 136 becomes undivided and heads through wooded areas with some homes, crossing under a Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway line and passing through Baidland. The road runs east-northeast through areas of fields and woods with some homes, curving east into woodland as it forms the border between the borough of New Eagle to the north and Carroll Township to the south. PA 136 turns northeast through more woods with some homes, running along the border between New Eagle to the northwest and the city of Monongahela to the southeast briefly before fully entering Monongahela. The route heads north to an intersection with PA 88/PA 837, turning east to form a concurrency with the two routes on West Main Street, a three-lane road with a center left-turn lane. The road passes businesses before heading into residential areas as a two-lane road, turning southeast and heading through the commercial downtown of Monongahela. The three routes intersect PA 481 and become East Main Street, crossing Norfolk Southern's Ellsworth Secondary railroad line. The road passes more businesses as a four-lane divided highway, with PA 837 splitting to the southeast and PA 88/PA 136 becoming unnamed. A short distance later, PA 136 splits from PA 88 by turning northeast onto a two-lane undivided road, heading onto the Monongahela City Bridge that carries the route over PA 837 and Norfolk Southern's Mon Line before crossing over the Monongahela River.
Allegheny and Westmoreland counties
In the middle of the river, PA 136 crosses into Forward Township in Allegheny County and passes over more of the river before heading over CSX's Mon Subdivision railroad line. After leaving the Monongahela City Bridge, the route briefly becomes a divided highway and curves east-southeast onto Bunola River Road. The road becomes undivided again and passes between woodland to the north and industry to the south with the CSX line and the Monongahela River located further south. PA 136 curves east at the residential community of Manown and becomes Rainbow Run Road. The road passes more woods and industrial establishments before running through Gallatin and Sunny Side. Farther east, the route passes between woods to the north and the railroad tracks to the south, coming to an intersection with PA 906 in Milesville. At this point, PA 136 curves northeast away from the river and runs through dense woodland with a few homes. The road passes through the center of Beckets Runs Woodlands, the 2015 National Outstanding Tree Farm of the Year and agricultural fields as it reaches an interchange with PA 51, turning east and crossing into Elizabeth Township immediately after the interchange. Here, the route becomes West Newton Road and heads through wooded areas with some farm fields and homes, briefly turning southeast before heading east again.
PA 136 enters Rostraver Township in Westmoreland County and becomes an unnamed road, running through more farmland and woodland with a few homes and curving east-southeast. The road turns east and intersects PA 201, becoming West Main Street at this point. The route passes through more woods with some businesses before crossing into the borough of West Newton and heading through residential areas. PA 136 passes a few businesses before turning southeast and crossing the Youghiogheny River. Here the route becomes East Main Street and crosses CSX's Keystone Subdivision railroad line, heading through the commercial downtown of West Newton. The road passes more homes before turning south and forming the border between residential West Newton to the west and wooded South Huntingdon Township to the east. The route turns east, fully entering South Huntingdon Township and becoming Mt. Pleasant Road as it passes farm fields and a few homes. PA 136 comes to an intersection with PA 31, with that route continuing east on Mt. Pleasant Road and PA 136 turning north-northeast onto Greensburg Pike.
The road passes through rural areas of homes, curving to the east-northeast. The route heads into wooded areas and crosses the Sewickley Creek into Sewickley Township and turns southeast, heading through a mix of farmland and woodland with a few residences. PA 136 turns northeast and runs through more agricultural areas with a few woods and homes. The road winds northeast through more rural areas before heading into the borough of Madison and passing residences. The route turns northwest onto Main Street and runs through more residential areas, turning northeast onto an unnamed road and crossing into Hempfield Township. PA 136 passes through wooded areas with some homes, heading north. The road heads into a mix of farmland and woodland with some homes, turning east in the residential community of Darragh. The road runs through areas of homes with some commercial development, passing over I-76 (Pennsylvania Turnpike) before turning northeast and entering the borough of Arona. Here, the route passes homes before crossing back into Hempfield Township. PA 136 continues through more agricultural areas and woodland with a few residences, curving east. The road heads through dense woods, turning northeast again. The route turns east onto a four-lane divided highway and comes to an interchange with the PA 66 toll road. PA 136 narrows back into a two-lane undivided road and turns northeast through rural residential areas before heading into areas of residential subdivisions, passing through Fort Allen. The road gains a center left-turn lane and passes a few businesses. The route becomes West Newton Road and is two lanes again as it passes more homes, crossing the Southwest Pennsylvania Railroad's Radebaugh Subdivision line. PA 136 continues east through dense residential areas and becomes the border between the city of Greensburg to the north and Hempfield Township to the south. The route becomes a divided highway and ends at an interchange with the US 30 freeway, with West Newton Street continuing east toward downtown Greensburg.
History
PA 31 previously continued west to the West Virginia state line, but in September 1964, the route was truncated twice, with the section between Washington and Greensburg becoming PA 136 while the section from the West Virginia line to Washington became PA 844.
Major intersections
See also
References
136
Transportation in Washington County, Pennsylvania
Transportation in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Transportation in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
Chirantha de Silva (born 1 April 1988) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who plays for Seeduwa Raddoluwa. He was born in Colombo.
De Silva made his cricketing debut in the 2008 Under-23 Tournament, playing seven matches in the competition in total.
De Silva's debut first-class appearance came during the 2008-09 season, against Singha Sports Club. He played eight matches during the competition, making a top score of 32 runs against Burgher Recreation Club.
De Silva played eight matches during the 2008-09 Premier Limited Overs Tournament, scoring 117 runs, including one of only two half-centuries achieved by the team in that season's competition.
References
External links
Chirantha de Silva at Cricket Archive
1988 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Seeduwa Raddoluwa Cricket Club cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
Marie Du Toit (or Marié Du Toit) is a South African film actress.
Career
She appeared in eight films between 1962 and 1977.
Filmography
References
Further reading
Tomaselli, Keyan (1989). The Cinema of Apartheid — Race and Class in South African Film. Routledge (London, England; New York City, New York). .
External links
Living people
Afrikaner people
South African film actresses
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lautaro Island () is an island long, lying just west of Lemaire Island in Gerlache Strait, off the Antarctic Peninsula. It was probably first seen by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition (1897–99) under Gerlache. The island was named by the Chilean Antarctic Expedition (1948–49) after the Lautaro, one of the Chilean expedition ships working in the area that season.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Palmer Archipelago
Gökdere, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Cody Eakin (born May 24, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. He is currently signed to a professional tryout contract with the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected by the Washington Capitals in the third round, 85th overall, of the 2009 NHL Entry Draft and has previously played for the Capitals, Dallas Stars, Vegas Golden Knights, Winnipeg Jets and Buffalo Sabres.
Playing career
Major junior
Eakin was drafted in the first round, sixth overall, by the Swift Current Broncos in the 2006 WHL Draft. At the 2009 NHL Entry Draft, he was selected by the Washington Capitals in the third round, 85th overall.
In 2010, Eakin was named to the WHL (East) Second All-Star Team. On January 9, 2011, he was traded to the Kootenay Ice in exchange for Christian Magnus, Ryan Bloom, Jarett Zentner, Colby Cave, Steven Myland and three draft picks ranging from 2011 to 2012. In his first year with the Ice, Eakin was named to the WHL (East) Second All-Star Team.
Professional
Eakin began the 2011–12 season with the Washington Capitals' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Hershey Bears. On November 1, 2011, the Capitals called-up Eakin to their roster, and the following day, he made his NHL debut with in 13 minutes 19 seconds of ice time, but no points, in 5–4 overtime win over the visiting Anaheim Ducks. Eakin scored his first NHL goal on November 4 against Cam Ward of the Carolina Hurricanes.
On June 22, 2012, during the 2012 NHL Entry Draft, Eakin was traded to the Dallas Stars (along with a second-round draft pick) in exchange for Mike Ribeiro.
Eakin scored his first career Stanley Cup playoff goal on April 23, 2014, against Frederik Andersen of the Anaheim Ducks. The goal ended up being the game-winner in a 4–2 victory as the Stars tied the series at two games apiece.
On December 16, 2016, Eakin was suspended for four games for charging New York Rangers' goaltender Henrik Lundqvist.
Through injury and a lack of production, Eakin endured his worst season in the NHL during the 2016–17 campaign, scoring just 3 goals and 9 assists (12 points) in 60 games.
On June 21, 2017, Eakin was left exposed by the Stars and chosen by the Vegas Golden Knights in the 2017 NHL Expansion Draft. In his first season with Vegas, Eakin scored 11 goals and 27 points in 80 games. The team fell in five games to Eakin's former club, the Capitals, in the 2018 Stanley Cup Finals. During the 2018 playoffs, Eakin scored 3 goals in 20 games.
The Golden Knights matched up with the San Jose Sharks during the first round of the 2019 playoffs. In Game 7 on April 23, Eakin cross-checked Joe Pavelski in the chest following a faceoff. Pavelski landed awkwardly on his head, causing the referees to issue Eakin a five-minute major penalty and a game misconduct, despite neither of them seeing the infraction. At the time of the penalty, the Golden Knights were leading 3–0 with just over ten minutes remaining. However, the Sharks would score four unanswered goals on the ensuing five-minute power play. When a major penalty is called, the entire penalty must be served, regardless of how many goals are scored. The Sharks eventually won the game 5–4 in overtime, eliminating the Golden Knights. According to Golden Knights general manager George McPhee, the league called him days after their elimination to apologize for the call, and referees Eric Furlatt and Dan O'Halloran did not officiate another game in the remainder of the 2019 playoffs.
In the following 2019–20 season, Eakin struggled to produce offensively with the Golden Knights positing just 10 points through 41 games. On February 21, 2020, Eakin was traded by the Golden Knights to his hometown Winnipeg Jets in exchange for a 2021 conditional fourth-round pick. Later, on March 9, 2020, Eakin scored his first goal as a Winnipeg Jet - the game-winning goal - in a 4–2 win vs the Arizona Coyotes.
On October 10, 2020, having left the Jets as a free agent, Eakin was signed to a two-year, $4.5 million contract with the Buffalo Sabres.
Personal life
Eakin grew up in an athletic family, as both his father and his uncle Bruce Eakin played professional hockey.
International play
Eakin was a member of Canada's gold medal-winning team at the 2015 World Championships, where Canada won the title for the first time since 2007 with a perfect 10–0 record.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Buffalo Sabres players
Canadian ice hockey centres
Dallas Stars players
Hershey Bears players
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Kootenay Ice players
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Swift Current Broncos players
Texas Stars players
Vegas Golden Knights players
Washington Capitals draft picks
Washington Capitals players
Winnipeg Jets players
Figueiró dos Vinhos () is a city in Leiria District - Portugal. The population in 2011 was 6,169, in an area of 173.44 km².
Demographics
Parishes
Administratively, the municipality is divided into 4 civil parishes (freguesias):
Aguda
Arega
Campelo
Figueiró dos Vinhos e Bairradas
Notable people
Maria Benedita Mouzinho de Albuquerque de Faria Pinho (1865-1939) a Portuguese writer, translator, teacher, propagandist, republican activist and feminist activist.
José Simões de Almeida (1880–1950) a Portuguese naturalist sculptor.
References
External links
Municipality official website
Website Casal de São Simão
Towns in Portugal
Populated places in Leiria District
Municipalities of Leiria District
Monon Park Dancing Pavilion is a historic dance hall building located at Cedar Lake, Lake County, Indiana. It was built in 1897, as a one-story, open air frame building supported by brick piers. The building measures 55 feet by 110 feet and has a massive gable on hip roof with deeply overhanging eaves. It displays some Stick / Eastlake movement design elements. The building was acquired in 1915 by the Moody Memorial Bible Church, who enclosed and enlarged the original structure. A restoration project was underway in 2013.
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Commercial buildings completed in 1897
Buildings and structures in Lake County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Indiana
The 2004–05 season was the 108th season of competitive football in Scotland.
Major transfer deals
2004
6 July 2004 – Nacho Novo from Dundee to Rangers, £450,000
1 July 2004 – Dado Prso from AS Monaco to Rangers, Bosman
12 July 2004 – Julián Speroni from Dundee to Crystal Palace, £500,000
29 July 2004 – David Murphy from Middlesbrough to Hibernian, Free
30 July 2004 – Henri Camara from Wolverhampton Wanderers to Celtic, Season loan
25 August 2004 – Juninho Paulista from Middlesbrough to Celtic, Free
2005
1 January 2005 – Jean-Alain Boumsong from Rangers to Newcastle United, £8m
5 January 2005 – Thomas Buffel from Feyenoord to Rangers, £2.5m
31 January 2005 – Craig Bellamy from Newcastle United to Celtic, Loan
31 January 2005 – Barry Ferguson from Blackburn Rovers to Rangers, £4.5m
28 January 2005 – Stéphane Henchoz from Liverpool to Celtic, Free
League Competitions
Scottish Premier League
The 2004–05 Scottish Premier League season saw Rangers win the title after a last day win over Hibernian as Celtic were beaten by two late Motherwell goals from Scott McDonald, a win would have been enough for Celtic to retain their title regardless of Rangers' result. Dundee, also on the last day of the season, were relegated to the Scottish First Division after a draw with Livingston. Rangers and Celtic both qualified for the UEFA Champions League while Hibernian, in manager Tony Mowbray's first season in charge, went into the UEFA Cup. Inverness Caledonian Thistle, in their first season in the top flight, finished in 8th place.
Scottish First Division
Scottish Second Division
Scottish Third Division
Other honours
Cup honours
Individual honours
SPFA awards
SFWA awards
Scottish clubs in Europe
Summary
Average coefficient – 4.750
Celtic
Rangers
Hearts
Dunfermline Athletic
Hibernian
Scotland national team
Key:
(H) = Home match
(A) = Away match
WCQ5 = World Cup Qualifying – Group 5
Deaths
14 July: Alex Willoughby, 59, Rangers and Aberdeen forward.
7 August: Gordon Smith, 80, Hibs, Hearts, Dundee and Scotland winger.
30 August: Willie Duff, 69, Hearts and Dunfermline goalkeeper.
30 November: Bill Brown, 73, Dundee and Scotland goalkeeper.
26 January: Jackie Henderson, 73, Scotland forward.
Notes and references
Seasons in Scottish football
Edla Hansen was a Danish film editor active from the 1920s through the 1950s. One of the best-known films she edited was 1922's Häxan.
Biography
Hansen grew up in Copenhagen and began working as a film cutter at Nordisk Film in 1915. She later spent time at A/S Palladium and Valby. She was married to Holger Christian Hansen.
Selected filmography
Susanne (1950)
For frihed og ret (1949)
Tre år efter (1948)
Take What You Want (1947)
Ditte, Child of Man (1946)
Discretion Wanted (1946)
Bolette's Bridal Shower (1938)
Der var engang (1922)
Häxan (1922)
References
External links
Danish film editors
Women film editors
1893 births
1979 deaths
Uzunkale, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Carolyne Alexandra Morrison (February 18, 1905 – August 24, 1997) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada. She was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1960 to 1969.
Born in Ridgeville, Manitoba in 1905, Morrison was educated at Emerson, Manitoba, and did teacher training in Brandon. She was a teacher and homemaker prior to her entry into politics. In 1938, she married Hugh Morrison, who was a member of the Manitoba Assembly from 1936 to 1957. She ran for election in the same constituency following the death of Maurice Ridley.
She was first elected to the legislature in a by-election on December 9, 1960, winning easy election in the rural, southern riding of Pembina. In the 1962 election, she defeated Liberal Charles Cousins by 211 votes. She won a greater margin victory in the 1966 election, and did not run in 1969. Morrison was never appointed to cabinet.
She was one of only two women in the Manitoba legislature during the 1960s (the other being fellow Progressive Conservative Thelma Forbes), and only the fifth woman ever elected to the legislature.
Morrison also served in the local Red Cross and on the Manitou Hospital Board; she was a news correspondent for the local district for the Western Canadian newspaper.
She died in Manitou at age 92, after suffering from Alzheimer's in her old age.
References
1905 births
1997 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Manitoba MLAs
Women MLAs in Manitoba
People from Emerson, Manitoba
20th-century Canadian women politicians
Carl Pfeiffer may refer to:
Carl Pfeiffer (pharmacologist) (1908–1988), one of the founders of orthomolecular psychiatry
Carl Pfeiffer (architect) (1834–1888), German-born NYC architect
Carl Pfeiffer (malacologist), see Lithoglyphus naticoides
See also
Karl Pfeiffer (disambiguation)
Blastocladia is a genus of aquatic fungi.
Description
Blastocladia species have a thallus that consists of a single, branched basal cell or trunk with rhizoids at one end and sporangia at the other. They are not able to use oxygen, although its presence does not inhibit growth.
Habitat
Members of Blastocladia grow on submerged twigs and fruit.
Taxonomy
Blastocladia was circumscribed by German scientist Paul Friedrich Reinsch in 1877, who included a single species, Blastocladia pringsheimii. Roland Thaxter added a second species, B. ramosa in 1896. He placed the genus provisionally in the Pythiaceae owing to its resemblance of its resting spores to the conidia of some members of the genus Pythium. Joseph Schröter (1897) included it with the water mold family Leptomitaceae.
Species
, Index Fungorum accepts 30 species in Blastocladia:
Blastocladia angusta A.Lund 1934
Blastocladia arborata S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia aspergilloides Crooks 1937
Blastocladia bonaerensis Steciow & Marano 2006 – Argentina
Blastocladia caduca S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia coronata S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia didyma S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia elegans S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia excelsa S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia filamentosa S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia fruticosa S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia fusiformis S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia globosa Kanouse 1927
Blastocladia glomerata Sparrow 1936
Blastocladia gracilis Kanouse 1927
Blastocladia heterosporangia S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia incrassata Indoh 1940
Blastocladia mammillata S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia pileota S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia pringsheimii Reinsch 1877
Blastocladia prolifera Minden 1912
Blastocladia pusilla S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia ramosa Thaxt. 1896
Blastocladia rostrata Minden 1912
Blastocladia sessilis S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia sparrowii Indoh 1940
Blastocladia spiciformis S.N.Dasgupta & R.John 1989
Blastocladia strangulata Barrett 1912
Blastocladia tenuis Kanouse 1927
Blastocladia truncata Sparrow 1932
References
External links
Aquatic fungi
Blastocladiomycota
Fungus genera
Milton Raison (1903-1982) was an American screenwriter for both film and television. He was also known as George Milton, George Wallace Sayre, and George Sayre. His first credit was Air Hostess in 1933, which he co-wrote with Keene Thompson. Over the next 20 years he would write the screenplay, story, or both on over 70 films. With the advent of television, he also worked on several TV shows during the 1950s.
His credits during the 1930s include Strictly Dynamite (1934), The Shadow (1937), Torture Ship (1939), and The Man They Could Not Hang (1939). His 1940s credits include Tumbledown Ranch in Arizona (1941), Sheriff of Sage Valley (1942), Anna May Wong's last starring role in 1943's Lady from Chungking, The Contender (1944), Alaska (1944), Forever Yours (1945), the 1945 Charlie Chan film, The Shanghai Cobra, and Rocky (1948). In the 1950s he penned A Modern Marriage (1950), Southside 1-1000, Topeka (1953), The Homesteaders, and his final film credit, 1953's Old Overland Trail. In 1962 he received a story credit when A Modern Marriage was re-made as Frigid Wife.
His first television credit was in 1952, when he wrote an episode of Boston Blackie. Other television credits include The Adventures of Kit Carson, The Roy Rogers Show, and The Millionaire. His final credit was in 1960 on The Texan.
Filmography
(Per AFI database)
Big Time or Bust (1933) - screenplay
Reform Girl (1933) - adaptation
Air Hostess (1933) - screenplay
Strictly Dynamite (1934) - additional dialogue
The Code of the Mounted (1935) - story, adaptation
Racing Luck (1935) - story, screenplay
Song of the Trail (1936) - screenplay
Go-Get-'Em-Haines (1936) - original story, adaptation
Flying Hostess (1936) - original story
Country Gentlemen (1936) - story
The Shadow (1937) - story
Mis Dos Amore (1938) - screenplay
Torture Ship (1939) - screenplay
The Man They Could Not Hang (1939) - story
Girl from Rio (1939) - original screenplay
Undercover Agent (1939) - screenplay
Am I Guilty? (1940) - adaptation
West of Carson (1940) - screenplay
Murder on the Yukon (1940) - screenplay
Double Cross (1941) - screenplay
Tumbledown Ranch in Arizona (1941) - original story
Sheriff of Sage Valley (1942) - original screenplay
Secrets of a Co-Ed (1942) - original screenplay
Billy the Kid's Smoking Guns (1942) - original screenplay
Rolling Down the Great Divide (1942) - original screenplay
Jungle Siren (1942) - original story
Unseen Enemy (1942) - concept
Bombs Over Burma (1942) - original screenplay
Lady from Chungking (1942) - original story
Queen of Broadway (1943) - original story
Wings Over the Pacific (1943) - original screenplay
Nearly Eighteen (1943) - screenplay
The Renegades (1943) - original story
Fugitive of the Plains (1943) - original screenplay
Where Are Your Children? (1943) - screenplay
The Sultan's Daughter (1944) - original screenplay
The Contender (1944) - original story
Wild Horse Phantom (1944) - original story, screenplay
Alaska (1944) - screenplay
His Brother's Ghost (1945) - story, screenplay
Black Market Babies (1945) - screenplay
Border Badmen (1945) - story, screenplay
Forever Yours (1945) - original screenplay
The Shanghai Cobra (1945) - screenplay
High Powered (1945) - screenplay
The Phantom of 42nd Street (1945) - screenplay
Secrets of a Sorority Girl (1946) - original story
Terrors on Horseback (1946) - story, screenplay
The Mysterious Mr. Valentine (1946) - original screenplay
Spoilers of the North (1947) - original screenplay
Web of Danger (1947) - original screenplay
Stage Struck (1948) - screenplay
Rocky (1948) - original story
Big Town Scandal (1948) - original screenplay
Mr. Reckless (1948) - original screenplay
Speed to Spare (1948) - original screenplay
Dynamite (1949) - original screenplay
State Department File 649 (1949) - original story, screenplay
The Lawton Story (1949) - screenplay
Special Agent (1949) - concept
A Modern Marriage (1950) - screenplay
Southside 1-1000 (1950) - story
Western Pacific Agent (1950) - story
Street Bandits (1951) - screenplay
Old Oklahoma Plains (1952) - screenplay
Topeka (1953) - writer
The Homesteaders (1953) - writer
Old Overland Trail (1953) - writer
Frigid Wife (1962) - screenplay from A Modern Marriage''
References
American screenwriters
1903 births
1982 deaths
20th-century American screenwriters
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
Shalstone is a village and also a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located in the north of the county, about four miles north west of Buckingham. The village name is Anglo Saxon in origin, and means 'farm by a shallow stream'. In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Celdestone.
Shalstone Church, dedicated to St Edward the Confessor, was almost entirely reconstructed in 1862 by the architect Sir George Gilbert Scott. Some memorial tablets in the church survived the rebuilding; these are dedicated to members of the Purefoy family and their relatives the Jervoise family. Some of the memorial statuary is by Sir Richard Westmacott (remembered chiefly for his work on the new Houses of Parliament in London).
One memorial tablet commemorates the life of Elizabeth Purefoy. She was widowed in 1704 aged 32, and survived her husband by a further 61 years, as well as her unmarried son, Henry. The memorial, which she wrote herself and had installed in the church when she was still alive, reads:
She was a Woman of Excellent Sense and Spiritt
Prudent and Frugal
As well as a true friend To the family She married into
And was moreover endued
With all Those Graces and Virtues
Which distinguish and Adorn
The good Wife The good Mother and good Christian (sic)
She died in 1765.
The 'Purefoy Letters', a detailed catalogue of the everyday lives of the inhabitants of the village and surrounding area as seen through the eyes of the 90-year-old Elizabeth Purefoy to her son Henry during the period 1735-1753, were published in 1973. Henry- the squire- and his mother both lived at Shalstone House. The book records Shalstone at this period in minute detail.
Shalstone House is built in the Georgian style, of stone. The rectangular house is of a plain design five bays by six bays, on two floors. The hipped roof is hidden by a solid parapet. The house contains a notable chimneypiece by William Palmer installed in 1739. Shalstone House is still the home of the Purefoy family today.
References
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
The Wodgina mine is an exhausted iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, 90 kilometres south of Port Hedland.
The mine was operated by Atlas Iron Limited. The facilities and tenements are shared, by contract, with Global Advanced Metals.
Overview
Atlas purchased the iron ore rights for the Wodgina Project from Talison Minerals Pty Ltd, now known as Global Advanced Metals, in February 2008.
The project was fast tracked by Atlas, going from the first drilling program to production in just over one and a half years. The company was aided by the ability to use the existing but dormant processing infrastructure of the tantalum mine owned by Talison (Global Advanced Metals) in the area. At the time, the tantalum mine had been placed on care and maintenance by Global Advanced Metals and in January 2011, the company announced that it would restart tantalum production. Less than a year after it reopened, due to softening global demand, tantalum mining operations ceased at the end of February 2012.
In July 2010, Atlas commenced production at the Wodgina mine. The company planned to lift production from its Pilbara operations to 20 million tonnes of iron ore by 2012, up from 6.5 million tonnes in late 2010. Of this, 10 million tonnes were expected to come from the new Turner River hub, which was to blend and process ore from the company's northern Pilbara projects, located at Wodgina, Abydos and Mt Webber.
Atlas was hopeful to come to terms with BHP Billiton for the use of that company's rail infrastructure, the Goldsworthy railway. BHP, in late 2010, had agreed to a joint feasibility study into how an arrangement might work.
Mining at Wodgina ceased on 5 April 2017 when reserves were exhausted.
References
External links
Wodgina Lithium Project Website
Atlas Iron Limited website
MINEDEX website: Wodgina Iron/Atlas Database of the Department of Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety
Atlas Iron
Iron ore mines in Western Australia
Surface mines in Australia
Port Hedland, Western Australia
2010 establishments in Australia
2017 disestablishments in Australia
What Changed Charley Farthing? (also known as The Bananas Boat), is a 1975 British comedy film directed by Sidney Hayers and starring Doug McClure, Lionel Jeffries, and Hayley Mills. It is based on the 1965 novel of the same title by John Harris.
Premise
Roaming sailor Charley Farthing is paid to give safe passage out of revolutionary Cuba to a young woman (Hayley Mills) and her father (Lionel Jeffries).
Cast
Doug McClure as Charley Farthing
Lionel Jeffries as Houlihan
Hayley Mills as Jenny
Warren Mitchell as MacGregor
Dilys Hamlett as Miss Parchment
Alberto de Mendoza as Jumbo
Victor Israel as Christmas
Fernando Sancho as Lupez
Luis Marín as Hatta
Ricardo Palacios as Greek Captain
Production
The film was shot at Pinewood Studios near London. It was filmed on location in Aguilas in Spain, which filled in for Havana. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Lionel Couch and Enrique Alarcón.
Release
What Changed Charley Farthing? was not released in the United States until January 1976, when it was retitled The Bananas Boat.
Critical reception
TV Guide called the film "a total misfire."
The Spectator called it "a nice piece of slapstick".
References
External links
What Changed Charley Farthing? at Letterbox DVD
What Changed Charley Farthing? at BFI
1975 films
1975 comedy films
British comedy films
Spanish films
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
Films directed by Sidney Hayers
Films set in Cuba
1970s English-language films
1970s British films
Qetesh (also Qadesh, Qedesh, Qetesh, Kadesh, Kedesh, Kadeš or Qades ) was a goddess who was incorporated into the ancient Egyptian religion in the late Bronze Age. Her name was likely developed by the Egyptians based on the Semitic root Q-D-Š meaning 'holy' or 'blessed,' attested as a title of El and possibly Athirat and a further independent deity in texts from Ugarit.
Due to lack of clear references to Qetesh as a distinct deity in Ugaritic and other Syro-Palestinian sources, she is considered an Egyptian deity influenced by religion and iconography of Canaan by many modern researchers, rather than merely a Canaanite deity adopted by the Egyptians (examples of which include Reshef and Anat).
Character
The functions of Qetesh in Egyptian religion are hard to determine due to lack of direct references, but her epithets (especially the default one, "lady of heaven") might point at an astral character, and lack of presence in royal cult might mean that she was regarded as a protective goddess mostly by commoners. Known sources do not associate her with fertility or sex, and theories presenting her as a "sacred harlot" are regarded as obsolete in modern scholarship due to lack of evidence.
Her epithets include "Mistress of All the Gods", "Lady of the Stars of Heaven", "Beloved of Ptah", "Great of magic, mistress of the stars", and "Eye of Ra, without her equal". A connection with Ptah or Ra evident in her epithets is also known from Egyptian texts about Anat and Astarte.
Iconography
On a stele representing the deity, Qetesh is depicted as a frontal nude (an uncommon motif in Egyptian art, though not exclusively associated with her), wearing a Hathor wig and standing on a lion, between Min and the Canaanite warrior god Resheph. She holds a snake in one hand and a bouquet of lotuses or papyrus flowers in the other.
Origin
Early researchers attempted to prove Qetesh was simply a form of a known Canaanite deity, rather than a fully independent goddess. William F. Albright proposed in 1939 that she was a form of the "lady of Byblos" (Baalat Gebal), while René Dussard suggested a connection to "Asherat" (e.g. the biblical Asherah) in 1941. Subsequent studies tried to find further evidence for equivalence of Qetesh and Asherah, despite dissimilar functions and symbols.
The arguments presenting Qetesh and Asherah as the same goddess rely on the erroneous notion that Asherah, Astarte and Anat were the only three prominent goddesses in the religion of ancient Levant, and formed a trinity. However, while Ashtart (Astarte) and Anat were closely associated with each other in Ugarit, in Egyptian sources, and elsewhere, there is no evidence for conflation of Athirat and Ashtart, nor is Athirat associated closely with Ashtart and Anat in Ugaritic texts. The concept of Athirat, Anat and Ashtart as a trinity and the only prominent goddesses in the entire region (popularized by authors like Tikva Frymer-Kensky) is modern and ignores the large role of other female deities, for example Shapash, in known texts, as well as the fact El appears to be the deity most closely linked to Athirat in primary sources. One of the authors relying on the Anat-Ashtart-Athirat trinity theory is Saul M. Olyan (author of Asherah and the Cult of Yahweh in Israel) who calls the Qudshu-Astarte-Anat plaque "a triple-fusion hypostasis", and considers Qudshu to be an epithet of Athirat by a process of elimination, for Astarte and Anat appear after Qudshu in the inscription.
Modern egyptologists, such as Christiane Zivie-Coche, do not consider Qetesh to be a hypostasis of Anat or Astarte, but a goddess developed in Egypt possibly without a clear forerunner among Canaanite or Syrian goddesses, though given a Semitic name and associated mostly with foreign deities.
In popular culture
Qetesh is the name given to the Goa'uld that once possessed Vala Mal Doran, a recurring and then regular character in Seasons 9 and 10, respectively of the science fiction television series Stargate SG-1.
Qetesh is also the name used in The Sarah Jane Adventures episode Goodbye, Sarah Jane Smith, and confirmed to be the humanoid species (also known as "soul-stealers") of Ruby White (the episode's villain) who feeds off excitement and heightened emotion and have stomachs that live outside their bodies.
Moreover is Qadesh, also called Qwynn, a character in Holly Roberds' fantasy novel "Bitten by Death", published in 2021.
See also
Shala, a Mesopotamian goddess also depicted as nude and associated with the sky
Queen of Heaven (Antiquity)
References
External links
Egyptian goddesses
West Semitic goddesses
Stellar goddesses
Asherah
Lion deities
ca:Llista de personatges de la mitologia egípcia#Q
Louis-Henri Albinet (19 July 1898 – 22 July 1991) was a French athlete. He competed in the men's long jump at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1898 births
1991 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
French male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of France
Youth pride, an extension of the Gay pride and LGBT social movements, promotes equality amongst young members (usually above the age of consent) of the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Intersex, and Queer (LGBTIQ+) community. The movement exists in many countries and focuses mainly on festivals and parades, enabling many LGBTIQ+ youth to network, communicate, and celebrate their gender and sexual identities. Youth Pride organizers also point to the value in building community and supporting young people as they are more likely to get gay bashed and bullied. Schools that have a Gay-Straight Alliance (GSA) handle issues of discrimination and violence against LGBTIQ+ youth better than schools that do not because they help develop community and coping skills and give students a safe-space to get health and safety information. Sometimes the groups avoid labelling young people and instead let them identify themselves on their own terms "when they feel safe".
Gay and lesbian youth bear an increased risk of suicide, substance abuse, school problems, and isolation because of a "hostile and condemning environment, verbal and physical abuse, rejection and isolation from family and peers". Further, LGBTIQ+ youths are more likely to report psychological and physical abuse by parents or caretakers, and more sexual abuse. Suggested reasons for this disparity are that (1) LGBTIQ+ youths may be specifically targeted on the basis of their perceived sexual orientation or gender non-conforming appearance, and (2) "risk factors associated with sexual minority status, including discrimination, invisibility, and rejection by family members...may lead to an increase in behaviors that are associated with risk for victimization, such as substance abuse, sex with multiple partners, or running away from home as a teenager." A 2008 study showed a correlation between the degree of rejecting behavior by parents of LGBTIQ+ adolescents and negative health problems in the teenagers studied. Crisis centers in larger cities and information sites on the Internet have arisen to help youth and adults. The Trevor Helpline, a suicide prevention helpline for LGBTIQ+ youth, was established by the filmmakers following the 1998 airing on HBO of the Academy Award winning short film Trevor; Daniel Radcliffe donated a large sum to the group and has appeared in service ads for them condemning homophobia.
The increasing mainstream acceptance of the greater LGBTIQ+ communities prompted the Massachusetts Governors' Commission on Gay and Lesbian Youth to start an annual Gay-Straight Youth Pride observance in 1995. In 1997 the Youth Pride Alliance was founded as a non-profit to put on an annual youth pride event in Washington, D.C. In 1998 Candace Gingrich was one of the speakers at Washington D.C.'s Youth Pride Alliance, a coalition of 25 youth support and advocacy groups. In 1999, the first annual Vermont Youth Pride Day was held. As of 2009 it is the largest queer and allied youth event in Vermont and is organized by Outright Vermont to "break the geographic and social barriers gay youngsters living in rural communities face". In 2002, a college fair was added to the event to connect students with colleges and discuss issues relating to how to track students and ensure their safety. In April 2003 a Youth Pride Chorus partly organized with New York's LGBT Community Center started rehearsals and later performed at a June Pride concert at Carnegie Hall with the New York City Gay Men's Chorus. in 2004 the San Diego chapter of Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network (GLSEN) worked with the San Diego Youth Pride coordinators to organize the Day of Silence throughout the county. In 2005, the Decatur Georgia Youth Pride participated in a counter-protest against Westboro Baptist Church, led by church head Fred Phelps' daughter, Shirley Phelps-Roper, who were "greeting students and faculty as they arrived with words such as "God hates fag enablers" and "Thank God for 9/11" at ten locations. In 2008, Chicago's Youth Pride Center, primarily serving "LGBT youth of color", opened a temporary location and will move into their newly constructed building on Chicago's South Side in 2010. In 2009, Utah Pride Center held an event to coincide with Youth Pride Walk 2009, a "cross-country walk by two Utah women trying to draw attention to the problems faced by homeless LGBT youth". In August 2010, the first Hollywood Youth Pride was held with a focus on the "large number of homeless LGBT youth living on Los Angeles streets." According to a 2007 report "of the estimated 1.6 million homeless American youth, between 20 and 40 percent identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender.
At larger pride parades and festivals there are often LGBTIQ+ or queer youth contingents, and some festivals designate safe-spaces for young people to provide safety and security.
References
LGBT pride
Youth culture
LGBT youth
Çaltı is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Bihar has a history of long drawn conflict between the Forward Castes, who controlled vast swathes of land and the Lower Castes who were mostly poor. The Zamindari abolition and Communist upsurge in Bihar gave rise to a tug of war between upper and the lower caste. But, the tussle between the Marxists and the proprietors was not divided on caste lines, as some of the middle peasant castes were also proprietors. The decade of 1960s witnessed communist upsurge in the Bhojpur region of Bihar led by Jagdish Mahto under the banner of Communist Party of India (Marxist–Leninist) Liberation while the 1990s saw dreaded caste wars. The belligerents were Dalits and poor peasantry of middle peasant castes, who were fighting for their rights with the supporters of status-quoism i.e. upper castes as well as affluent section of the middle peasant castes (Yadav, Kurmi and Koeri). Its first mass leader was Jagdish Mahto, a koeri teacher who had read ambedkar before he discovered marx and started a paper in the town of Arrah called Harijanistan("dalit land"). Religious sentiments also become the cause of bitter strife many a time. The violence that happened in Bhagalpur is a precedent.
Laxmanpur Bathe massacre, 1996
Laxmanpur Bathe massacre was a sanguinary act of the Ranvir Sena, a militia dominated by Bhumihar caste. In the village called Laxmanpur Bathe, nearly 56 Dalits including women and the children were killed. The trial which followed the massacre revealed the implicit involvement of some of the major political parties and the leaders of the Bihar. It was also claimed that the police force which was deployed there to protect the villagers assisted the Sena members to launch the assault on the Dalits.
Parasbigha and Dohia incidents 1979-80
Parasbigha and Dohia which were located few kilometres south of Patna were disturbed area since abolition of Zamindari in 1950. The contest for grabbing more and more lands from the erstwhile Tekari Raj brought Yadavs and Bhumihars against each other. The Yadavs here sided with Dalits in long and protracted struggle, which reached its zenith in 1979, when an attack took place at Parasbigha by the Bhumihars in which 11 people including one Yadav were killed. The Bhumihars attacked in retaliation of the action of Yadav led Dalit naxalites who beheaded a notorious Bhumihar landlord, few days ago. Two days after Parasbigha killings, the Yadavs descended upon the Dohia village in search of Bhumihar perpetrators who diffused soon after the incident of Parasbigha from latter's village. Since the men were not found the Yadavs raped their girls, killed an old woman and disappeared after looting the village.
Pipra Massacre, 1979-80
Pipra is a village in Jehanabad district, here the landowners are Kurmi, a backward caste. In the past the landowners were Muslim zamindars who left the village during partition with the help of their Dalit kamias, against the wish of many Kurmis who planned to burn the Muslim houses. Later the zamindars sold their land to the Kurmi buyers who started expecting respect from Dalit workers at par with older zamindars. With time, Dalits became sympathetic to the Naxal Movement. Things worsened due to a drought in 1978-79 , which made their condition desperate. In December 1979, Naxals killed a Kurmi landlord , in retaliation to which on February 25th 1980, heavily armed men attacked Dalit houses in Pipra village. 27 houses were burnt and 5 women, 3 adults and 6 children were killed.
1983, Munger massacre
In a bloody showdown in Munger district of Bihar on the south bank of the Ganges, the Yadavs killed 4 men of the Dhanuk caste . In the same year the Dhanuks in vandetta kidnapped fourteen children of the Yadavs from Piparia village and crossed the river to gather fodder. Except three, all the children were murdered and the dead bodies were chopped into pieces so that they could never be identified.
Munger-Chhotaki Chhechani-Darmian massacres, 1985
In 1985 in a series of attack and retribution between Rajputs and Yadavs, three subsequent massacres took place in Munger district of Bihar. There was a land dispute between Yadavs and Rajputs. The later had brought Bhinds, a tribal caste for cultivating the disputed land. The Yadavs descended the village on horses and foot and nine people lost their lives in the attack. The raiders also plundered four hundred houses of the inhabiting Rajputs. An infant girl was also killed during the raid.
In a separate event in 1986 at Chhotki Chhechani village, Rajput raiders killed seven Yadavs. Following the event, the Yadav in the Darmian village in the subsequent year killed 11 Rajputs in retribution.
Dalelchak-Bhagaura massacre 1987
In the Dalelchak-Bhagaura village of Aurangabad district of Bihar, the dispute over hundreds of acres of land between Yadav and Rajput community was the principal cause of the carnage, in which over 50 Rajputs were killed by Maoist Communist Centre, an organisation dominated by Yadavs. The massacre also resulted in the exodus of 40 Rajput families and from the village. Chief Minister Bindeshwari Dubey announced the relief for the victim families in the form of government jobs. Later, some of the convicts were given death sentence by the court, while the majority of them remained out of reach.
The massacre of Dalelchak-Baguaura is considered as one of the biggest caste based massacre in the history of Bihar along with Laxmanpur Bathe. In this particular incident, which took place in the twin villages of Aurangabad district of Bihar, writers Ashok Kumar and SK Ghosh have mentioned that the massacre of men and women took place after the rapes of the women by the perpetrators. The writers have talked about rape of women of all ages, even those above 60 years of age. But the other sources only describe brutal killings of men, women and children with no mention of rape.
Shankarbigha massacre 1999
The infamous massacre led to assassination of 23 Dalit people including men and women of the Shankarbigha village. The prime accused of the carnage were the members of Ranvir Sena, a militia of Bhumihar landlords, while the sufferers were Dalits. In 1999 most of the accused were acquitted by a court based in Jahanabad.
Bara massacre 1992
In the "Bara massacre" the 37 members of Bhumihar caste were slain by the Maoist Communist Centre. According to the report of India Today, Yadav leaders of Janata Dal were accused of instigating the violence against the Bhumihars after killing of ten Dalits in Barsimha village by "Savarana Liberation Front", an upper-caste organisation. A court later tried the perpetrators. The upper caste retaliated by killing 56 Dalits at Laxmanpur Bathe.
Bathani Tola massacre 1996
In Bathani Tola, a village located in Bhojpur region of Bihar. The members of Ranvir Sena including people of Bhumihar and Rajput caste killed 21 Dalits. The victims included women, children and infant also. A session court of Arrah inflicted capital punishment upon three perpetrators while other were given life imprisonment. The Patna High Court however acquitted all of them citing lack of evidence as the reason.
Afsar massacre 2000
Afsar massacre was a part of long running caste wars between Bhumihars and the Kurmi-Koeri caste in Nawada and Sheikhpura region of Bihar. Two rival gangs one led by Akhilesh Singh and another one led by Ashok Mahto were active here, which were aligned on the caste lines and drew support from their respective castes. The war claimed 200 lives in all. In this particular incident 12 relatives of Akhilesh Singh, whose wife was an MLA from the region were murdered by the Ashok Mahto gang. The Mahto gang was also responsible for assassination of Rajo Singh, a member of parliament.
Belchhi massacre 1977
In the 1970s, the Belchhi village in Bihar witnessed one of the severest massacre of Bihar's history. The root cause of the massacre was caste conflict between Paswan landless peasants and Kurmi landlords. This massacre parted the way between Kurmis and Paswans and made them sceptical of each other's activities in all spheres of life. Mahavir Mahto was the main accused of the carnage in which Dusadh people were the victim.
Senari massacre 1999
In the Senari village (now in Arwal district of Bihar) the dreaded naxalite organisation MCC killed 34 Bhumihars. The naxalite unit was dominated particularly by Yadav and Paswans. The convicts included Bacchesh Singh, Buddhan Yadav, Butai Yadav, Satendra Das, Lallan Pasi, Dwarika Paswan, Kariban Paswan, Godai Paswan, Uma Paswan and Gopal Paswan, who were later tried by the Session court. The victims were killed using blunt objects with utmost severity.
Bhojpur Killings (1971–76)
Bhojpur is a historical region in Bihar, most often known for its association with Ujjainiya Rajputs. The region is also known for worst form of landlordism which was the cause of popular movement called "Bhojpur rebellion" led by newly educated backward caste youths namely Jagdish Mahto, Rameswar Ahir, Ramnaresh Ram, Maharaj Mahto who took up arms against the landlord class when mobilised by communists. Between 1971 and 1976 as Santosh Singh estimated a large number of Bhumihar landlords and landlords of other upper-caste were killed. After Mahto's death the movement faded away bringing long lasting peace in the region.
Danwar-Bihta massacre 1989
Danwar-Bihta massacre took place in 1989 in the Bhojpur district of Bihar. The Upper Caste landlords earlier used to capture the pooling booths and made the Dalits vote in favour of their preferred candidates, in order to secure political power in their own hand. The Dalits in the village of Danwar-Bihta took up a resolution in 1989 to vote as per their own wish. The local Rajput landlords thus massacred 23 Dalits in order to punish them. One of the prime accused of the massacre was Jwala Singh, who was important political figure in the region and he is said to have ensured that no Dalit could cast his vote in the forthcoming elections.
Bhagalpur massacre 1989
In 1989, the ghastly massacre of Muslims in Bhagalpur district of Bihar had its roots originating from the "Ram Mandir movement" at Ayodhya. The trigger to the weeks long communal riots was the incident of Rajpur village, where a procession of Hindus aimed at garnering support for the temple movement was attacked with a Petrol bomb from the local Muslim community. The provocative slogans like "Hindi Hindu Hindustan, Mulla bhago Pakistan"(India is for Hindus, Muslims should go away to Pakistan) & "Jab jab Hindu jaga hai, tab tab katua bhaga hai"(whenever the Hindu has risen, those who are circumcised have run) were shouted by the mob which culminated into the attack finally leading to a long communal strife in which over 1000 people lost their lives.
The riots broke out in whole district when rumours of killings of Hindu boys spread. Some of the most affected areas were Logain and Chandheri village, where Muslims were slaughtered and were thrown in wells and buried in cauliflower field respectively. The N.N Singh Committee set up to enquire into the case blamed Chief Minister Satyendra Narayan Singh and his government for not taking required action to save the lives and property.
Khagaria Massacre 2009
In October 2009, sixteen people, including four children, were dragged out of their huts, tied and gunned down in Bihar's Khagaria district. Out of the 16 dead, 14 people belonged to Kurmi community while 2 belonged to Kushwaha community. While there were suspicions of the massacre being carried out by a Maoist organization, the police claimed that it was a fallout of on old dispute between kurmi-koeris and Musahar community over riverine land..Based on testimonials by the survivors, most of the alleged perpetrators belonged to a dalit caste, Musahar.
Chhotan Shukla-Brij Bihari gang wars 1994
Chhotan Shukla was the brother of former MLA of Vaishali, Munna Shukla. He used to operate a gang in the region which was in tussle with the rival gang of Brij Bihari Prasad, an OBC Bania minister in the cabinet of Lalu Prasad Yadav. Prasad was also known for his muscleman image. In an attack by the Prasad gang, Chhotan was killed along with a large number of his associates. In return Prasad was also assassinated. During Chhotan's funeral procession when Gopalganj District Magistrate, G.Krishnaiah was trying to control the furious mob he was beaten up to death by the participants in the procession which are said to be provoked by Anand Mohan Singh and Munna Shukla for doing so.
Caste based gangwars in Kosi region 1990-91
In the Kosi region of Bihar, two caste based gangs led by Anand Mohan Singh and Pappu Yadav operated, which were formed to secure the interest of Rajputs and the Backward Castes. In 1991, Anand Mohan organised massive protests against the Mandal Commission's recommendation and in the defiance of the rule of Lalu Prasad Yadav. The members of Yadav's gang in this region terrorised the Rajputs by looting their crops and grazing their fields. The violent campaign of Pappu Yadav in this region led many Rajputs and Bhumihars flee the Yadav dominated villages.
Nadhi massacre 1996
In 1996, in the Bhojpur district of Bihar, the infamous Nadhi massacre took place. This massacre resulted in retaliatory attacks by the victim Bhumihars on the Schedule Castes, who were perpetrators of this ghastly massacre, in the same year in another incident. In the Nadhi village, the CPI(ML) unit consisting SCs killed 9 people belonging to Bhumihar caste.
Rohtas riots 2013
In the Baddi village of Rohtas district, the issue of location of a Ravidas temple led to a clash between Rajputs and the Chamars. The villagers belonging to Chamar caste alleged that a mob of Rajputs attacked the village which resulted in death of one person while 54 others including women and children were severely injured. Other sources indicate number of injured to be 40. As per the reports from the victims, it was revealed that the attackers set the Ravidas temple on fire and vandalised the idol. This was followed by sloganeering in the favour of a freedom fighter belonging to Rajput caste and alleged beating of the people belonging to Chamar community. In a briefing given to The Hindu, Sarju Ram , son of an injured victim stated that the location of temple to the centre of village which represents the "assertion of Dalits" led the Rajputs to attack.
See also
Caste-related violence in India
2018 Bihar riots
Sunlight Sena
References
Caste-related violence in India
Massacres in India
Anti-Brahminism
History of Bihar (1947–present)
Crime in Bihar
Caste-related violence in Bihar
Caste based violence
Further readings
The Indie Series Awards (formerly the Indie Soap Awards) is an annual event hosted by We Love Soaps, based in Los Angeles, California, honoring the best in independently produced, scripted entertainment created for the Internet. The ceremony was founded by Roger Newcomb in 2010. In 2013, after the 4th Indie Soap Awards ceremony, the awards were rebranded as the Indie Series Awards.
The awards ceremony was named as one of the 12 "must attend" web series events for creators and fans of online content by Raindance.
History
The award-giving body was established in 2009 by We Love Soaps a Manhattan-based media company boutique that champions serialized entertainment in all forms. In 2011, it became a live event for the first time, hosted by Martha Byrne at the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater in New York City. The awards ceremony was eventually moved from New York City to Los Angeles in 2014.
Pretty earned a record 13 nominations in December 2011, and Winterthorne tied that record in February 2016. In January 2017, it was announced that the number of nominees for the Best Web Series Drama and Comedy awards would be increased from six to eight in each category. In February 2017, The Bay led with 21 nominations, followed by The Amazing Gayl Pile with 16, both of which broke the previous record of 13 nominations.
Awards ceremonies
Categories
Current categories
Discontinued categories
Special categories
Fan's Choice Award
Special Editor's Awards
References
External links
Indie Series Awards History and Archive of Past Winners
We Love Soaps official website
WKLK (1230 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an adult standards/nostalgia format. Licensed to Cloquet, Minnesota, United States, the station serves the Duluth area. The station is owned by the Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa, and features programming from AP Radio and Westwood One.
References
External links
Radio stations in Minnesota
Adult standards radio stations in the United States
Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa
Cloquet, Minnesota
The International Soundex Reunion Registry, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit, tax exempt, humanitarian organization founded in 1975 by Emma May Vilardi. ISRR is a free mutual consent adoption reunion registry for persons desiring a reunion with next-of-kin. This agency serves the needs of family members who have been separated from each other by adoption, divorce, foster care, abandonment, or other means.
The registry's filing system was based originally on Soundex Code which is a phonetic way of coding giving numeric value to consonants and ignores vowels, except as a first letter. This system allows for matching despite some differences in spelling. It was a perfect foundation for a situation where often people did not know exact spelling.
The founder, Emma May Vilardi, was a remarkable woman of extraordinary vision and courage who undertook this important, humane task of providing a safe and secure way for persons seeking contact to make themselves available to each other. This registry remains her legacy to the adoption community and the hundreds of thousands served. "It was not until Emma began looking for the reasons behind the many illnesses that she had suffered that she learned that ancestors and genetics were the key to understanding her health problems. Daring a probate judge to unseal an adoption record, she quickly learned that her ancestors had succumbed to the same diseases."
The ISRR Executive Board of Trustees is responsible for ensuring the operation of the registry for future generations. The registry motto is, "United today for the reunions of tomorrow." For many it remains a place of hope when they feel all other resources have been exhausted, for others it was a quick and easy step that led them to connect with family members they longed to know.
Now one of many existing adoption reunion registries, Soundex is the oldest and largest of its kind. It served as a model for many state registries, for Senator Carl Levin's U.S. Senate Bill's in the 1980s trying to establish a national adoption registry, and into the 1990s and for the abundance of online registries established to help adoptees and birth family member find each other.
The adoption reform movement groups supported ISRR and recommended their members register. Most state registries, agencies and courts also refer directly to ISRR as an option for those seeking reunification with family. There are many articles and references archived in newsletters, clippings and other resources. Registration at ISRR is free because of the donations made by registrants, and the time given by volunteers.
Dear Abby referred to ISRR many times over the years. Each time registrations would arrive by the thousands resulting in many matches. One story is of an adoptee who registered 20 years to the day of when his birthmother's registration arrived. Both had read the same Dear Abby article. The adoptee had carried it in his wallet for twenty years.
There are around 225,000 active registrations, at any given time. ISRR was paper based until 2003, when the volunteers began an imaging project that took five years to complete. Now all forms are digitized.
References
External links
International Soundex Reunion Registry (ISRR)
Adoption reunion
Adoption in the United States
Public records
Andrew Mark Davies, FRHistS, FRSA (born 1962) is a British historian. A professor at the University of Liverpool, he specialises in the history of crime, policing and violence in modern Britain.
Career
Born in 1962, Davies attended Sir John Deane's Sixth Form College in Northwich before studying at King's College, Cambridge, where he read history. He completed Part I of the Historical Tripos in 1983 and Part II in 1984, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He then carried out doctoral studies at King's. For his thesis on leisure and poverty in early-20th-century Manchester and Salford (supervised by A. J. Reid), he was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy degree by the University of Cambridge in 1989.
By 1991, Davies was working at the University of Liverpool. As of 2021, he is a professor of modern social history there.
Since 2009, Davies has been a fellow of the Royal Historical Society and a fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
Bibliography
Books
Theses
Peer-reviewed articles and book chapters
References
1962 births
Living people
English historians
Social historians
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
Academics of the University of Liverpool
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
Packera greenei is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name flame ragwort. It is endemic to northern California, where it is known from the North Coast Ranges and southern Klamath Mountains. It is a resident of dry mountain scrub habitat, often on serpentine soils.
It is a perennial herb producing a single stem with a basal rosette of leaves from a rhizome. It generally grows 20 to 30 centimeters tall. The basal leaves have oval blades up to 5 or 6 centimeters long borne on long petioles. They are green, usually with purple undersides. Smaller leaves may occur farther up the stem.
The inflorescence contains one or more flower heads, each lined with woolly, green- or red-tipped phyllaries. The head bears up to 13 narrow ray florets which are a distinctive orange or red-orange in color. They may approach 2 centimeters long.
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Photo gallery
greenei
Endemic flora of California
Flora of the Klamath Mountains
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Taxa named by Asa Gray
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Fifth Church of Christ, Scientist is an historic Classical Revival-style Christian Science church building located at 9 East 43rd Street near Madison Avenue and Grand Central Terminal in Manhattan, New York City. Built in 1921 on the former site of St. Bartholomew's Episcopal Church. Fifth Church of Christ, Scientist, is unusual in that it occupies part of the first two stories of a 21-story office building that was originally named the Canadian Pacific Building. The church auditorium seats 1800 people.
History
Organized in 1901, Fifth Church of Christ, Scientist, met first at 228 West 45th Street in the former building of another Episcopal church, the Church of Saint Mary the Virgin. Around 1911 the congregation moved to a church building at 245 Madison Avenue at East 38th Street which had been built for Zion Episcopal Church and later used by South (Dutch) Reformed Church. This building was razed in 1917. In 1921, Fifth Church became part of a bonding arrangement for the construction of the 21-story Canadian Pacific Building. Under it the church received a long-term lease for the space it still occupies.
Current status
Fifth Church of Christ, Scientist, is still an active congregation in this location. The Canadian Pacific Building after being known as 342 Madison Avenue for years is now 340 Madison Avenue and has been extensively remodeled to present a modern glass exterior.
References
External links
St. Bartholomew's History
Skyscraper Page listing for Canadian Pacific Building, 342 Madison Avenue
Christian Science churches in New York City
Churches in Manhattan
Neoclassical architecture in New York City
Churches completed in 1921
20th-century Christian Science church buildings
Midtown Manhattan
Neoclassical church buildings in the United States
Cookie and his Cupcakes was an American swamp pop band from south Louisiana, best known for their 1959 hit "Mathilda", the unofficial anthem of swamp pop music.
History
The band originally started as the Boogie Ramblers, led by Shelton Dunaway (born June 1, 1933). Huey "Cookie" Thierry (born in Roanoke, Louisiana, August 13, 1936 – September 23, 1997) joined in 1952, and shared lead vocals and tenor sax with Dunaway. Other original members were Sidney "Hot Rod" Reynaud (tenor sax), Marshall Laday or LeDee (guitar), Ernest Jacobs (piano), Joe "Blue" Landry (bass) and Ivory Jackson (drums). The band was based in Lake Charles, Louisiana.
They started playing in 1953 as the house band at the Moulin Rouge Club in Lake Charles, Louisiana. In 1955, the Boogie Ramblers released "Cindy Lou" and "Such As Love" on Goldband Records. They became a popular regional live act, and toured with big names like Jerry Lee Lewis and Fats Domino. In 1956, Cookie began being the frontman and the name of the band was changed to "Cookie and the Boogie Ramblers". Soon after, the band switched to its final name after hearing it shouted in jest from an audience. In 1957, they recorded their signature song 'Mathilda' for Judd Records. After initial struggles to get the song recorded they were able to use KAOK's studio. The record rose to #47 on the Billboard pop chart in early 1959, and is regarded as the unofficial anthem of the swamp pop genre. They followed up with a number of highly regarded but less commercially successful singles in the early 1960s, including "Belinda", "Betty and Dupree", and "Got You on My Mind"; the latter reached the Billboard Hot 100 in May 1963. They would also record for Khourys Records.
In August 1965, Thierry moved to Los Angeles to work outside the music industry, leaving the Cupcakes to continue without him. Cookie was replaced as lead singer by "Little Alfred" (or "Lil' Alfred") Babino (January 5, 1944, Lake Charles – November 14, 2006). With Ernest Jacobs as bandleader, the group continued for several years but dispersed in the early 1970s.
Thierry was rediscovered in the early 1990s and played at occasional blues festivals, reunited with the rest of the band, until his death in 1997. Thereafter, the band, led by Lil' Alfred, continued to perform at clubs in Louisiana and southeast Texas. Babino died at his residence in Lake Charles in 2006.
References
External links
Biography
Comprehensive interview with "Lil' Alfred"
Larry Benicewicz, "Remembering Lil' Alfred Babino"
Musical groups from Louisiana
Swamp pop music
Jewel Records artists
Chess Records artists
1953 establishments in Louisiana
Musical groups established in 1953
Duacı, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Hacıobası, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Otano, known in Basque as Otao, is a hamlet located in the municipality of Noáin, in Navarre province, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 7.
Geography
Otano is located 20km south-southeast of Pamplona, in the valley of the river Elorz on the slopes of Mount Alaiz.
History
Otano had a population of 64 in 1802. It stands on the pilgrimage route the Camino de Santiago, which forms its main street. The village belonged in the Middle Ages to the Knights Hospitaller. Although reduced in population it is a parish, of which the 16th-century church is dedicated either to San Salvador or to the Ascension. There are also elements of a Romanesque bridge incorporated into the present one over the river Elorz.
Martín Javier Mina y Larrea was born in the hamlet in 1789.
References
Populated places in Navarre
In aviation, the Big Sky Theory is that two randomly flying bodies are very unlikely to collide, as the three-dimensional space is so large relative to the bodies. Some aviation safety rules involving altimetry and navigation standards are based on this concept. It does not apply when aircraft are flying along specific narrow routes, such as an airport traffic pattern or jet airway.
The Big Sky Theory has been mathematically modeled, using a gas law approach. This implies that collisions of aircraft in free flight should be extremely rare in en-route airspace, whereas operational errors such as violations of formal separation standards should be relatively common. Three critical parameters are the number of flying objects per unit volume, their speed, and their size. Larger, faster objects, flying in a traffic-rich environment are more collision-prone.
Military aviation tactics
The theory is also relevant in military aviation tactics, especially regarding targeting of aircraft and missiles by ground-based, non-guided weapons without visual spotting. For example, consider an F-16, which has a combined fuselage/wing area of roughly 670 square feet (62.2 square metres), and flying at 6,000 feet (1,829 metres) at night or above clouds. Ground-based, non-guided antiaircraft guns are firing randomly hoping to hit it. Their maximum slant range is 10,000 feet (3,048 metres).
There are 20,626 square degrees in the visible sky hemisphere, assuming no horizon obstructions. The 670 square ft (≈62 m²) aircraft would subtend an angle of 0.24 degrees at 6,000 ft (≈1,800 m). Therefore, the chance of a single randomly fired unguided shot hitting the aircraft would be one in 20626 / 0.24 / 0.24, or one in 358,090.
Targeted firing reduces these odds. By sound or by guessing, isolating the firing region to about one fifth of the sky might be possible. If you assume 10 guns firing 10 rounds per second over one fifth of the sky, perfectly coordinating their firing evenly across that region, and crudely tracking the aircraft as it flies over, the chance of hitting it would be 358,090 / 5 / 10 / 10, or one chance in 716 each second.
Flying at 500 mph or 805 km/h (733 ft/s or 223 m/s), each second the aircraft would cross seven angular degrees of sky. With a 10,000 ft (≈3,000 m) slant range, the anti-aircraft guns could cover a cone of sky 100 degrees wide, assuming a common gun location. Therefore, the aircraft would be within range for 100/7 or 14.3 seconds, and the total chance of hitting it during a single flyover pass would be 716 / 14.3 or one chance in 50.
When coordinating corridors for friendly artillery trajectories through airspace, it is sometimes assumed (rarely, and for emergency expediency) that similar unlikelinesses apply. This is often referred to as the "Big Sky - Small Bomb" theory.
Space warfare
Space warfare tactics are also affected by the Big Sky Theory, if unguided projectiles are used. At the vast engagement distances, the subtended angle of the target would be minuscule, and the projectile flight time to target would be great, possibly on the order of an hour or more. If the target vehicle randomly maneuvered every few minutes, the chance of a hit would be extremely small, even if many projectiles were fired. A space weapon using unguided kinetic projectiles flew on the Soviet Almaz military space station.
Big ocean theory
There is a related marine concept called the big ocean theory. It holds that two randomly placed, randomly maneuvering vessels in an ocean are very unlikely to collide.
See also
Kessler syndrome
References
Aviation safety
Zohreh Koudaei (; born 24 November 1989) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Iran national team.
International career
Koudaei participated with the Iran national team in their qualification campaign for the 2022 AFC Women's Asian Cup qualification. She helped defeat Jordan in a decisive match, saving two penalties in penalty shoot-outs, to qualify Iran to the final tournament for the first time.
Jordan Football Association sex verification
In November 2021, she attracted global attention when the Jordan Football Association (JFA), after losing a match in the 2022 AFC Women's Asian Cup qualification to Iran, accused her of being a male. The JFA filed a request for sex verification with the Asian Football Confederation. Koudaei announced her intention to file a complaint to FIFA against Jordan to restore her reputation.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from Ahvaz
Bakhtiari people
Iranian women's footballers
Women's association football goalkeepers
Iran women's international footballers
Sportspeople from Khuzestan province
The 1915 American Cup was the annual open cup held by the American Football Association. The Scottish-Americans, after two previous final appearances, won their first American Cup by overcoming the Brooklyn Celtics 1-0 in the championship game.
American Cup Bracket
(*) protested
Final
Lineups:Scots- GK Joe Knowles, DF Mike Toman(c), Barry, MF Tom Stark, George P Rogers Sr, Alex Montieth, FW Joe Hemmesley, Archie Stark, Angus Whiston, Eddie Holt, Bunt Forlar.Celts- GK Mather, DF Robertson, McWilliams, MF Flanigan, McElroy, McGreevey, FW Campton, Lonie, O'Halloran, Mike King, McQueen.
See also
1915 National Challenge Cup
References
Amer
American Cup
Barbara Gerken (born July 3, 1964) is a former American international tennis player who was a quarterfinalist at the 1981 US Open. She had a career record of 66–78. She had a career high singles ranking of World No. 55 in June 1987.
WTA Career finals
Singles: 3 (0–3)
References
External links
Barbara Gerken at australianopen.com
1964 births
Living people
American female tennis players
21st-century American women
Prominea porrecta is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by Max Saalmüller in 1880. It is found on the African Indian Ocean islands of Madagascar, Réunion and Mauritius.
It has a wing length of about 16–17 mm and a wingspan around 33 mm.
References
External links
"Prominea porrecta (Saalmüller, 1880) -Cirrhochrista etiennei". Image on right from Flicker. Archived from the original January 23, 2013.
Calpinae
Moths described in 1880
Moths of Madagascar
Insects of Mauritius
Insects of Réunion
The list of ship decommissionings in 1877 includes a chronological list of all ships decommissioned in 1877.
References
See also
1877
Ship decommissionings
Jayanagar is a metro station on the Green Line of the Namma Metro serving the 4th and 7th block of Rashtreeya Vidyalaya Road area of Bangalore, India. It was opened to the public on 18 June 2017.
Station layout
Entry/Exits
There are 2 Entry/Exit points – A and B. Commuters can use either of the points for their travel.
Entry/Exit point A: Towards Jayanagar 4th Block side with lift accessibility
Entry/Exit point B: Towards Jayanagar 4th Block side
See also
Bangalore
List of Namma Metro stations
Transport in Karnataka
List of metro systems
List of rapid transit systems in India
References
External links
Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd. (Official site)
UrbanRail.Net – descriptions of all metro systems in the world, each with a schematic map showing all stations.
Namma Metro stations
Railway stations in India opened in 2017
2017 establishments in Karnataka
Railway stations in Bangalore
Bradford and Airedale Teaching Primary Care Trust was the name of the publicly funded healthcare system which serves the City of Bradford and Airedale in West Yorkshire and is part of the NHS. The tPCT governs healthcare services in the area and like most NHS services, the majority of services are free at the point of use. It was abolished in April 2013.
The tPCT provided primary health care and community services or commissions them from other providers.
The tPCT merged from four separate PCTs (Airedale, North Bradford, South and West, and City) in 2007.
Bradford and Airedale tPCT is also a teaching primary care trust, which has specific hospitals where medical students can learn in a practical setting.
The tPCT is managed by a board of directors made up of eight directors and headed by a chief executive, Simon Morritt. The chairman of the trust is a non-executive director, John Chuter OBE.
The finances of the tPCT, like most PCTs and tPCTs, are largely determined by directives set by the strategic health authority or the Department of Health.
See also
History of the National Health Service
National Health Service
List of primary care trusts in England
Primary care
Primary health care
WikiProject National Health Service
External links
Bradford and Airedale tPCT Homepage
Bradford and Airedale tPCT Strategy
NHS Choices The NHS website
NHS Direct
Department of Health introduction to the NHS
NHS connecting for health
NHS history - From Cradle to Grave, detailed study by Geoffrey Rivett
Chronology of NHS reform
The "Matchbox on a Muffin": The Design of Hospitals in the Early NHS (pdf)
Celebrating 60 years of the NHS
'BIRTH OF THE NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE| How the state of the nation's health became a political ideal'
Defunct NHS trusts
Health in Yorkshire
Sing for You is the fourth extended play by South Korean–Chinese boy band Exo. It was released by SM Entertainment in Korean and Chinese versions on December 10, 2015. The album held the record as the fastest selling album in the history of South Korean album sales chart Hanteo, until it was overtaken by Exo's third studio album Ex'Act in June 2016. It is the first Exo record to not feature Tao, as he filed a lawsuit against SM Entertainment and left the group in August 2015.
Background and release
On November 24, 2015, Exo was confirmed to be releasing their second winter special album, after Miracles in December (2013). Teaser images for the album began to be released from December 2. The album's track list, including four new songs and a bonus track "Lightsaber", previously released as a single in November, was announced on December 7. Finally, the mini-album was released digitally and physically on December 10.
Promotion
On December 10, 2015, shortly after Sing for You was released, Exo held a showcase with an audience of 1,500 to promote the album at Lotte World in Seoul. The showcase was live streamed using the mobile application V Live and afterwards set the record as the most-watched live stream ever on the application. Exo began performing the songs "Sing for You" and "Unfair" on Korean music shows from December 12 and 18 respectively. They also added these songs to the setlist of their second solo concert tour The Exo'luxion starting from the Singapore show on January 9, 2016.
Singles
On November 4, 2015, Exo was announced to be releasing "Lightsaber", a promotional song for the movie Star Wars: The Force Awakens in South Korea, as part of the collaboration project between SM Entertainment and Walt Disney. A teaser video for the song was released on November 8, followed by its music video and digital release on November 11. "Lightsaber" was later announced to be included in Sing for You as a bonus track on December 7. Exo performed the song for the first time at the 17th Mnet Asian Music Awards. The song peaked at number 9 on Gaon's digital chart.
A teaser video for the album's title song "Sing for You" was released on December 8. The song was released along with the EP as well as its music videos on December 10. It peaked at number 3 on Gaon's digital chart and achieved "triple crown", winning first place three times on KBS's weekly music show Music Bank.
Commercial performance
Both versions combined, Sing for You broke the record previously held by Exodus, Exo's second studio album, as the album with the biggest first-week sales recorded by the Korean album sales monitoring website Hanteo with over 267,900 copies. Individually, the album's Korean and Chinese versions debuted at number 1 and 2 respectively on both Gaon's weekly and monthly album charts, and later landed at number 2 and 7 respectively on its yearly album chart for 2015.
Track listing
Credits adapted from Naver.
Charts
Korean and Chinese versions
Combined version
Sales
Awards and nominations
Music program awards
Release history
References
External links
2015 EPs
SM Entertainment EPs
Genie Music EPs
Korean-language EPs
Chinese-language EPs
Mandopop EPs
Exo EPs
Christmas albums by South Korean artists
Fort Saint Elmo () is a star fort in Valletta, Malta. It stands on the seaward shore of the Sciberras Peninsula that divides Marsamxett Harbour from Grand Harbour, and commands the entrances to both harbours along with Fort Tigné and Fort Ricasoli. It is best known for its role in the Great Siege of Malta of 1565.
History
Background and construction
By 1417, the local militia had already established a permanent watch post on the tip of the Sciberras Peninsula. In 1488, the Aragonese built a watchtower on Saint Elmo Point, and it was dedicated to Erasmus of Formia, better known as Saint Elmo. In 1533, the Order of Saint John reinforced the tower due to its strategic location. In 1551, an Ottoman raid occurred in which the Turkish fleet sailed into Marsamxett Harbour unopposed. Due to this, it was decided that a major expansion was necessary, and in 1552 the tower was demolished and a new star fort began to be built. It was designed by a Spanish Engineer named Pietro Pardo. It had a cavalier, a covertway and a tenaille. A ravelin was hastily constructed months before the 1565 siege.
Great Siege of 1565
In 1565, the Ottomans invaded Malta once again with much more force than in 1551, in the Great Siege of Malta. Fort Saint Elmo was the scene of some of the most intense fighting of this siege, and it withstood massive bombardment from Turkish cannon deployed on Mount Sciberras that overlooked the fort and from batteries on the north arm of Marsamextt Harbour, the present site of Fort Tigné. The initial garrison of the fort was around one hundred and fifty knights and six hundred soldiers, the majority of whom were Spanish, and sixty-armed galley slaves. The garrison could be reinforced by boat from the forts across the Grand Harbour at Birgu and Senglea.
During the bombardment of the fort, a cannon misfired and hit the top of its parapet, sending shards in all directions. Debris from the impact killed the gunner and mortally injured the corsair and Ottoman admiral Dragut, one of the most competent of the Ottoman commanders. The fort withstood the siege for 28 days, falling to the Turks on 23 June 1565. None of the defending knights survived, and only nine of the Maltese defenders survived by swimming across to Fort St. Angelo on the other side of the Grand Harbour after Fort St Elmo fell. The long siege bought much needed time for the preparation of the other two fortresses and the arrival of reinforcements from Spain.
Reconstruction and modifications
After the siege, Grandmaster Jean Parisot de Valette decided to build a new city on the peninsula. Construction started in 1566, and Francesco Laparelli was sent by the Pope to design the fortifications. The ruined Fort Saint Elmo was rebuilt and integrated within the city walls.
The fort was modified a number of times in the 17th century. The Vendôme Bastion was built in 1614, and in 1687 the Carafa Enceinte was built on the foreshore surrounding the entire fort. In the late 17th century, the fort was directly linked to the cavalier and part of the ditch was filled in burying some of the original ramparts in the process. In the 18th century, a new polverista was built in the Vendome Bastion, and stores were built in the area between the main fort and the Carafa Enceinte. These are known as Pinto Stores and they and the surrounding area form what is known as Lower Saint Elmo.
On 8 September 1775, Fort Saint Elmo was captured by 13 rebel priests along with Saint James Cavalier in what became known as the Revolt of the Priests. The Order's flag was lowered and a banner of Saint Paul was raised instead. The Order managed to recapture St Elmo so the rebels in control of St James surrendered as well. Eventually the rebels were tried and three were executed while the others were exiled or imprisoned. The heads of the three executed men were displayed on the corners of St James Cavalier but were removed soon after Emmanuel de Rohan-Polduc was elected Grandmaster in November of the same year.
British rule
The fort was once again modified in the early 19th century by the British, when a musketry parapet was built. In 1855, the polverista at Vendome Bastion was converted into an armoury, and some small arms from the Palace Armoury were transferred there. In the 1870s, more works were done on Abercrombie's Bastion. In 1917, the first heart operation to be performed on a soldier was done at St Elmo. In the interwar period gun emplacements were built to house new twin 6-pounder QF guns.
The fort was the site of the first aerial bombardment of Malta on 11 June 1940. Among the people that were in the fort during the air raid was the military doctor Ċensu Tabone, who later became President of Malta. He survived the attack, but six others were killed in the same air raid.
On 26 July 1941, the Italians launched a seaborne attack on the Grand Harbour with two human torpedoes, four MAS boats and six MT boats. The force was detected early on by a British radar facility, and the coastal artillery at Saint Elmo opened fire when the Italians approached to close range. Fifteen of the attackers were killed and 18 captured, and all the human torpedoes and MT boats, along with two of the MAS boats were lost. One of the MT boats hit St. Elmo Bridge, which linked the breakwater with the tip of the peninsula near the fort, and the bridge collapsed. The bridge was never restored, and it was only in 2012 that a new one was built in its place with a similar but different design.
Parts of the fort were severely damaged during the war and some scars of the bombing can still be seen to this day. The Royal Malta Artillery left the fort on 26 March 1972, ending its long military history. Parts of the fort subsequently fell in disuse.
Present day
The World Monuments Fund placed the fort on its 2008 Watch List of the 100 Most Endangered Sites in the world because of its significant deterioration due to factors such as lack of maintenance and security, natural aging, and exposure to the elements. Since 2009 major restoration works began, and as of 2014 the restoration of Upper Saint Elmo and the Carafa enceinte was nearly complete. Restoration work was completed in 2015. Lower Saint Elmo has been cleaned from the waste that accumulated over the years, and the Grand Harbour Regeneration Corporation is making plans to begin restoration.
From 1975, part of the fort housed the National War Museum, which contained military equipment and other things related to World War I and II. A replica of the George Cross that was awarded to Malta by King George VI in April 1942, was also on display in this museum. The museum closed in September 2014, and reopened in May 2015 having a larger collection.
Since the mid-20th century, Fort Saint Elmo has also housed Malta's police academy. Other parts of the fort are used for In Guardia and Alarme military reenactments.
While the fort was being restored, some archaeological excavations were made and various elements of the original pre-1565 fort were uncovered. This was an important find because little of the original fort exists, mainly because Laparelli rebuilt it in 1566 and it underwent a lot of renovation between the 17th and 19th centuries.
In November 2015 the fort was used as a media centre for the Valletta Summit on Migration. Foreign journalists stated that it was possibly "the most stunning venue which ever hosted an EU summit".
Layout
The original star fort, sometimes known as Upper St. Elmo to distinguish it from the rest of the fort, consists of two demi-bastions, two flanks and two faces, a parade ground, barracks and a large cavalier. The fort included a ravelin in 1565, but this was demolished during the fort's reconstruction after the siege.
A gate known as the Porta del Soccorso serves as the main entrance to Upper St. Elmo. The 15th-century Chapel of St Anne is located within the fort's walls close to this gate, and the 18th-century Church of St Anne is found within the parade ground.
After the fortifications of Valletta were built, Vendôme Bastion was constructed in 1614 linking the French Curtain to Fort St. Elmo. The bastion contains an echaugette, and it was eventually converted into a magazine, and later an armoury. The bastion is now part of the National War Museum.
The Carafa Enceinte, which was built starting from 1687, encloses the original fort as well as Vendôme Bastion. It consists of the following bastions and curtain walls:
St. Gregory Bastion – an asymmetrical bastion with a long left face. It was altered by the British to house QF 6 pounder 10 cwt guns.
St. Gregory Curtain – a curtain wall linking St. Gregory and Conception Bastions. It contains various British gun emplacements.
Conception Bastion, also known as Ball's Bastion – a small pentagonal bastion, containing a number of gun emplacements, magazines, and gun crew accommodation. Sir Alexander Ball was buried in the salient of the bastion.
Sta. Scholastica Curtain – curtain wall linking Conception and St. John Bastions. It contains a gun emplacement for a RML 12.5 inch 38 ton gun, as well as other British modifications.
St. John Bastion, also known as Abercrombie's Bastion – a large asymmetrical bastion at St. Elmo Point, the tip of the Sciberras Peninsula. The bastion contains several British gun emplacements and magazines. Sir Ralph Abercromby was buried on the bastion.
St. Ubaldesca Curtain, also known as Abercrombie's Curtain – a long curtain wall linking St. John and St. Lazarus Bastions. It contains a number of British gun emplacements.
Some barrack blocks are located in the area between Upper St. Elmo and the Carafa Enceinte.
In popular culture
In the historical fiction novel "The Religion", author Tim Willocks gives a fictionalized account of the battle for the fort (during the 1565 Siege of Malta).
Lower Saint Elmo was used as a film location for the Turkish jail in the 1978 film Midnight Express.
The fort is mentioned in the 1980 thriller novel Man on Fire by A. J. Quinnell. The main character Creasy trained with the AFM inside the fort.
Fort Saint Elmo was featured on Maltese stamps in 1980 and 2003, and on a UNESCO stamp in 1981.
Popular Maltese folk band Etnika gave three concerts on 31 July, 1 and 2 August 2003 named Bumbum, that drew thousands of revellers to listen to modern Maltese folk music.
In the popular real time strategy game released in 2005, Age of Empires III, the first level's task is to defend a fort on Malta against the Ottomans, which appears to be Fort St. Elmo.
The first part of the music video of the 2008 song Vodka by the Gozitan singer Morena was filmed at Lower Saint Elmo (the same part of the fort that was used for Midnight Express).
The fort plays a key role in the novel Sword and Scimitar by Simon Scarrow.
Further reading
Matthias Ebejer (2015) The Concept of Martyrdom within Hospitaller Devotional Practices; The fallen at St Elmo as a case study. University of Malta, Institute of Baroque Studies. Besieged Vol 1, Sep 2015.
References
Notes
Further reading
Originally a 1568 work by Francesco Balbi di Correggio, translated from old Italian to English.
Hughes, Q., Fort 1982 (Fortress Study Group), (10), pp. 71–93
Crowley, Roger, Empires of the Sea 2008, Chapters 9–10
External links
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
The World Monuments Fund's 2008 Watch listing for Fort St. Elmo
16th-century fortifications
Buildings and structures in Valletta
Saint Elmo
Architecture of Malta
Saint Elmo
World War II sites in Malta
Defunct prisons in Malta
Limestone buildings in Malta
Military installations closed in 1972
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
Barracks in Malta
Sites managed by Heritage Malta
Battle of Eora Creek – Templeton's Crossing may refer to:
First Battle of Eora Creek – Templeton's Crossing: fought from 31 August 1942 to 5 September 1942
Second Battle of Eora Creek – Templeton's Crossing: fought from 11 to 28 October 1942
Robert Francis Vaughn (November 22, 1932 – November 11, 2016) was an American actor noted for his stage, film and television work. His television roles include the spy Napoleon Solo in the 1960s series The Man from U.N.C.L.E.; the detective Harry Rule in the 1970s series The Protectors; Morgan Wendell in the 1978–1979 miniseries Centennial; formidable General Hunt Stockwell in the fifth season of the 1980s series The A-Team; and grifter and card sharp Albert Stroller in the British television drama series Hustle (2004–2012), for all but one of its 48 episodes. He also appeared in the British soap opera Coronation Street as Milton Fanshaw from January until February 2012.
In film, he portrayed the gunman Lee in The Magnificent Seven with Yul Brynner and Steve McQueen, Major Paul Krueger in The Bridge at Remagen with George Segal and Ben Gazzara, the voice of Proteus IV, the computer villain of Demon Seed, Walter Chalmers in Bullitt with Steve McQueen, Ross Webster in Superman III with Christopher Reeve, General Woodbridge in The Delta Force with Lee Marvin, and war veteran Chester A. Gwynn in The Young Philadelphians with Paul Newman, which earned him a 1959 Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
Early life
Robert Vaughn was born on November 22, 1932, in New York City, to Gerald Walter Vaughn, a radio actor, and his wife, Marcella Frances (Gaudel), a stage actress. His parents divorced, and Vaughn lived with his grandparents in Minneapolis while his mother traveled and performed.
After high school, he enrolled in the University of Minnesota as a journalism major. However, he dropped out after a year and moved to Los Angeles with his mother. He studied at Los Angeles City College, then transferred to Los Angeles State College of Applied Arts and Sciences, earning a master's degree in theater. After graduating from college, Vaughn was drafted into the Army, serving as a drill sergeant. He later received a Ph.D. in communications from the University of Southern California in 1970. In 1972, he published his dissertation as the book Only Victims: A Study of Show Business Blacklisting.
Career
Vaughn made his television debut on the November 21, 1955, "Black Friday" episode of the American television series Medic, the first of more than two hundred episodic roles through mid-2000. His first film appearance was as an uncredited extra in The Ten Commandments (1956), playing a golden calf idolater also visible in a scene in a chariot behind that of Yul Brynner. In 1956, Vaughn made his first guest appearance on Gunsmoke in the episode entitled “Cooter.” The following year, he made his second guest appearance on Gunsmoke opposite Barbara Eden in a Romeo-Juliet role, in the episode "Romeo", which turned out okay for the bride and groom.
Vaughn's first credited movie role came the following year in the Western Hell's Crossroads (1957), in which he played Bob Ford, the murderer of outlaw Jesse James. Seen by Burt Lancaster in Calder Willingham's play End as a Man, Vaughn was signed with Lancaster's film company and was to have played the Steve Dallas role in Sweet Smell of Success. Vaughn appeared as Stan Gray in the episode "The Twisted Road" of the western syndicated series Frontier Doctor.
Vaughn's first notable appearance was in The Young Philadelphians (1959), receiving a nomination for both the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture. He next appeared as gunman Lee in The Magnificent Seven (1960), a role he essentially reprised 20 years later in Battle Beyond the Stars (1980), both films adapted from filmmaker Akira Kurosawa's 1954 Japanese samurai epic, Seven Samurai. Vaughn was the last surviving member of those who portrayed The Magnificent Seven. He played a different role, Judge Oren Travis, on the 1998–2000 syndicated television series The Magnificent Seven.
In 1963 Vaughn appeared in an episode of The Dick Van Dyke Show as Jim Darling, a successful businessman and an old flame of Laura Petrie in the episode "It's A Shame She Married Me". During the 1963–64 season of The Lieutenant, Vaughn appeared as Captain Raymond Rambridge alongside Gary Lockwood, who played a Marine second lieutenant at Camp Pendleton. Vaughn had guest-starred on Lockwood's 1961–62 series Follow the Sun.
His dissatisfaction with the somewhat diminished aspect of the Rambridge character led Vaughn to request an expanded role. During the conference, his name came up in a telephone call and he ended up being offered a series of his own—as Napoleon Solo, title character in a series originally to be called Solo, but which became The Man from U.N.C.L.E. after the pilot was reshot with Leo G. Carroll in the role of Solo's boss. This was the role which would make Vaughn a household name even behind the Iron Curtain.
From 1964 to 1968, Vaughn played Solo with Scottish co-star David McCallum playing his fellow agent, Illya Kuryakin. This production spawned a spinoff show, large amounts of merchandising, overseas theatrical movies of re-edited episodes, and a sequel, The Return of the Man from U.N.C.L.E.: The Fifteen-Years-Later Affair. After the series ended, Vaughn landed a major film role playing Walter Chalmers, a U.S. Senator in the film Bullitt starring Steve McQueen; he was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Supporting Actor for this role.
In 1966, Vaughn appeared as a bachelor on the nighttime premiere of The Dating Game. He was picked for the date, which was a trip to London. After The Man from U.N.C.L.E was cancelled in 1968, Vaughn continued to appear on television and in mostly B movies. A notable exception is his appearance in The Towering Inferno.
He starred in two seasons of the British detective series The Protectors in the early 1970s. He also appeared in two episodes of Columbo during the mid-1970s, "Troubled Waters" (1975) and "Last Salute to the Commodore" (1976). The latter episode is one of the few in the series where the identity of the murderer is not known until the end. Vaughn won an Emmy for his portrayal of Frank Flaherty in Washington: Behind Closed Doors (ABC, 1977) and during the 1980s starred with friend George Peppard in the final season of The A-Team. Vaughn played Morgan Wendell, opponent to Paul Garrett played by David Janssen in the 1978–79 miniseries Centennial.
Vaughn portrayed Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman, in addition to Woodrow Wilson (in the 1979 television mini-series Backstairs at the White House). He additionally played Roosevelt in the 1982 HBO telefilm FDR: That Man in the White House. In 1983, he starred as villainous multi millionaire Ross Webster in Superman III. In 1983–1984, he appeared as industrialist Harlan Adams in the short-lived series Emerald Point N.A.S., replacing Patrick O'Neal. In the mid-1990s, he made several cameo appearances on Late Night with Conan O'Brien as an audience member who berates the host and his guests beginning with "you people make me sick."
After a string of guest roles on series such as Law & Order (in which he had a recurring role during season eight as Carl Anderton, a wealthy businessman who vows revenge on the NYC DA's office and longtime friend Adam Schiff for sending his grandson to juvenile correction for murdering his stepsister), Vaughn experienced a resurgence in 2004. He began co-starring in the British TV drama series Hustle, made for BBC One. The series was also broadcast in the United States on the cable network AMC. In the series, Vaughn played elder-statesman American con artist Albert Stroller, a father figure to a group of younger grifters. In September 2006, he guest-starred on an episode of Law & Order: Special Victims Unit.
Vaughn also appeared as himself narrating and being a character in a radio play broadcast by BBC Radio 4 in 2007 about making the film The Bridge at Remagen in Prague, during the Russian invasion of 1968. In November 2011, it was announced that Vaughn would appear for three weeks in the British soap opera Coronation Street. His role as Milton in the long-running program lasted from January to February 2012.
In later years, Vaughn appeared in syndicated advertisements marketed by Commercial Pro, Inc. for various personal injury and workers compensation law firms, using the catchphrase, "Tell them you mean business".
Personal life
Vaughn married actress Linda Staab in 1974. They appeared together in a 1973 episode of The Protectors, called "It Could Be Practically Anywhere on the Island". They adopted two children, Cassidy (born 1976) and Caitlin (born 1981). They resided in Ridgefield, Connecticut.
For many years, it was believed Vaughn was the biological father of English film director and producer Matthew Vaughn, born when the actor was in a relationship with early 1970s socialite Kathy Ceaton. However, a paternity investigation identified the father as George de Vere Drummond, an English aristocrat and godson of King George VI. Early in Matthew's life, Vaughn asked for the child's surname to be Vaughn, which Matthew continues to use professionally.
Political views
Vaughn was a longtime member of the Democratic Party. His family was also Democratic and was involved in politics in Minneapolis. Early in his career, he was described as a "liberal Democrat". He was opposed to the Hollywood Blacklist of suspected Communists on freedom of speech principles, but Vaughn also was opposed to Communism as a totalitarian system. Vaughn campaigned for John F. Kennedy in the Presidential election of 1960 for U.S. President. He was the chair of the California Democratic State Central Committee speakers bureau and actively campaigned for candidates in the 1960s.
Vaughn was the first popular American actor to take a public stand against the Vietnam War and was active in the peace group Another Mother for Peace. Vaughn debated William F. Buckley Jr. on his program Firing Line on the Vietnam War. With Dick Van Dyke and Carl Reiner, he was a founder of Dissenting Democrats. Early in the 1968 presidential election, they supported the candidacy of Minnesota Senator Eugene McCarthy, who was running for president as an alternative to Vice President Hubert Humphrey, who had supported President Lyndon Johnson's escalation of the war in Vietnam.
Vaughn was reported to have political ambitions of his own, but in a 1973 interview, he denied having had any political aspirations. In a conversation with historian Jack Sanders, he stated that after the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy in 1968, "I lost heart for the battle."
Books
Vaughn published Only Victims: A Study of Show Business Blacklisting in 1972. His second book, A Fortunate Life, was published in 2008.
Death
Vaughn died in a hospice in Danbury, Connecticut,
on November 11, 2016, eleven days before his 84th birthday, after a year-long treatment for leukemia.
Theatre
Filmography
Film
Television
References
Sources
External links
Obituary: Robert Vaughn—BBC News; first published 11 November 2016
Robert Vaughn (Aveleyman)
1932 births
2016 deaths
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American anti–Vietnam War activists
American male film actors
American male radio actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American memoirists
Connecticut Democrats
Deaths from cancer in Connecticut
Deaths from leukemia
Los Angeles State College alumni
Los Angeles City College alumni
Male actors from Connecticut
Male actors from Minneapolis
Male actors from New York City
Minnesota Democrats
New York (state) Democrats
Outstanding Performance by a Supporting Actor in a Drama Series Primetime Emmy Award winners
People from Ridgefield, Connecticut
University of Minnesota School of Journalism and Mass Communication alumni
University of Southern California alumni
Western (genre) television actors
United States Army soldiers
Otto Charles Bänninger (24 January 1897 – 15 May 1973) was a Swiss sculptor, born in Zürich.
He married Germaine Richier on 12 December 1929.
"Otto-C.-Bänninger-Weg" in Zürich is named for him.
Works
Knabe mit Pferd, 1939, Schweizerische Landesausstellung in Zürich (destroyed)
Bullinger-Denkmal, 1939–1940, Zürich, Grossmünster
Der Genesende, 1946–48, Zürich, Universitätsspital
Remonte!, 1957, Olten, Aare-Brücke
Bronzeportal, 1957, Schaffhausen, Münster
Reiterstandbild Henri Guisan, 1967, Lausanne-Ouchy
Further reading
Charles-Albert Cingria: Otto Charles Bänninger. Graphis, Zürich 1949.
Franz Müller: Reiner Statuaire. Otto Charles Bänninger – Porträts und Denkmäler. In: Neue Zürcher Zeitung, 18./19. Januar 1997, S. 68.
References
External links
1897 births
1973 deaths
Alumni of the Académie de la Grande Chaumière
20th-century Swiss sculptors
20th-century Swiss male artists
Annie Bernadette Kersting is chemist known for her work on the movement of compounds such as plutonium in the environment. She was the 2016 recipient of the Garvan–Olin Medal from the American Chemical Society.
Education and career
Kersting has a B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley (1983) and an M.S. from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor (1987). In 1991 she earned her Ph.D. from the University of Michigan working on petrology and geochemistry of a volcano in Kamchatka.
Research
Kersting is known for her work on the movement of plutonium and related compounds in the environment. In 1999 Kersting was the first to show that the movement of plutonium can occur on small particles, research that was based on the presence of plutonium downstream from Nevada Test Site.
Selected publications
Awards and honors
In 2016 Kersting received the Garvan-Olin medal from the American Chemical Society; she was cited for "For seminal contributions to understanding radionuclide behavior in the environment, mentoring students and postdocs, and developing successful education programs in nuclear forensics and environmental radiochemistry".
References
External links
Living people
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Michigan alumni
21st-century American chemists
Women chemists
Inorganic chemists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Saptasajya is a village in Dhenkanal district, Odisha, India. Important establishments include ICAR Saptasajya Mango germplasm bank, High School, Teakwood garden and Bee Farm.
Geography
This small village is situated at a distance of from Dhenkanal and is well connected by road transport. The government constructed the road in 1982. Nearby villages include Badagila, Sadeibereni, Badrapalli, Kamning, Padmanavpur and Patrabhag.
Demography
According to the 2011 census, there are total 268 families residing in Saptasajya comprising 1091 persons. With 548 males and 543 females, the sex ratio of Saptasajya (991 women per 1000 men) which is higher than Odisha state average of 979. However, among children Saptasajya has 809 girls per 1000 boys, vastly lower than Odisha average of 941.
Saptasajya village has higher literacy rate compared to Odisha. In 2011, literacy rate of Saptasajya village was 85.81% compared to 72.87% of Odisha. Male literacy stands at 88.02% while female literacy rate was 83.65%.
Mythology
Mythologically this place finds its mention in many legends. According to folklore, it derives the name from the surrounding seven hills. There is a different folklore that the Saptarishi had their ashramas in this place thereby giving the place its name as the Seven Beds or Seven Homes. There is also a mythological story, that, Rama during his exile or had spent seven days in this spot. Another folklore goes that the Pandavas during their 12 years of exile and one year of Agyata Vasa (incognito exile) had chosen these mountains for shelter
Tourism
Saptasajya is a popular tourist hub for offbeat genre crowd who want to relax and move away from busy life. It is advised in most tourism sites that a daily excursion to the village from nearby tourism hub Dhenkanal is the best option. There are no hotels or suitable urban accommodation provision noted in the village.
The reserve forest boasts of rich flora and fauna and is a good retreat from busy urban life.
Nearest airport is Biju Patnaik Airport at Bhubaneswar. The nearest bus and railway station is at Dhenkanal.
Temples
Apart from the natural environment of the place, there are many old temples that attract visitor attention. There is one particular Raghunath temple complex with main deity being Rama that attracts tourists and locals alike. Inside the temple complex Annapurna temple was constructed in 1982, the 1st floor Kali temple in 1985 and the Surya Narayan temple in 1990. The temples of Rameswaram Shiva, Ganesha, Mahavir, and the Navagraha temple with one room for each graha are also present. Mahakali, Mata Saraswati, Sri Nrushingha temple are conceived to be built in the holy complex.
Saptasajya Wildlife Sanctuary
The Saptasajya Wildlife Sanctuary (alternatively, Saptasajya Reserve Forest) is a relatively small protected forest reserve of in the Chota Nagpur Plateau region. It is a mixed deciduous forest dominated by the Sal tree. It got officially recognized as a sanctuary in 1970. The fauna mainly consists of wild goats, buffaloes, cows, leopard and a variety of birds.
Gallery
See also
Sapthagiri
References
External links
Saptasajya Village
Villages in Dhenkanal district
Tourist attractions in Odisha
Landforms of Odisha
Eastern Highlands moist deciduous forests
Regents Park is a suburb of Southampton in England. A large house and grounds, after which the area is named, formerly occupied the land with the current Regents Park Road following the route of the Carriage Drive. A former gatehouse or lodge which once guarded the entrance to this still stands at the junction Bard of Regents Park Road, Waterhouse Lane and St Edmunds Road. Victorian "villa" style houses occupying the Northern part of Regents Park Road represent the initial phase of redevelopment following demolition of the large house. Later Victorian and then Edwardian properties followed before much of the Southern part of the road was given over to 1930s style semi-detached and detached housing. This phase of development eventually extended West to King George's Avenue and North to Oakley Road and South to what is now the main Millbrook Road. It is this area which is now generally known as Regents Park, although the description is a loose one and is also taken to include the housing between Oakley Road and Shirley High Street / Romsey Road, which is also the location of the former Regents Park girls school, now Regents Park Community College. The area now consists mainly of private housing, and it is sometimes seen as being part of neighbouring Millbrook or Shirley. Millbrook neighbours Regents Park to the west, with Shirley to the north and Freemantle to the east. Southampton's container port and Southampton Water are to the south.
The area is home to the headquarters of the Southampton City Scout District.
History
Iron Age pottery has been discovered in the area, although no evidence for settlements in that period exists.
Several buildings in Regents Park were bombed in the Second World War; the White House Garage, a shop and part of the nearby British American Tobacco factory were hit in the very first raid.
References
External links
BBC Hampshire webcam
Image of Regents Park circa 1853
Regents Park college
Areas of Southampton
Dongjiekou Station (; Fuzhounese: ) is a metro station of Line 1 of the Fuzhou Metro. This station is located at the intersection of Bayiqi North Road and Yangqiao East Road in Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian, China. Service at this station began on January 6, 2017. The Three Lanes and Seven Alleys is located southwest of this station.
Station layout
Dongjiekou station has a round concourse on B1 floor, below which is the platform for Line 1. This station is also reserved for the planning Line 4.
Transport connections
Rail
Schedule as of January 2020
References
External links
Dongjiekou Station. Fuzhou Metro.
Railway stations in China opened in 2017
Fuzhou Metro stations
A Pwi pwi is type of miniature raft, native to Dominica. They were carved out of tree trunks, usually Bois Canon (Cecropia peltata) by the Kalinago people, very simple in design, used for inshore fishing for fish, lobster, shellfish and conch.
References
External links
Photograph
Rafts
Dominica culture
Alison Sinclair (born 1959) is a British writer of science fiction, resident in Canada. She is the author of the Darkborn trilogy of novels and other works and is a medical doctor.
Selected publications
Legacies (1995)
Blueheart (1996)
Cavalcade (1998)
Throne Price (cowritten, 2001)
Darkborn (2009)
Lightborn (2010)
Shadowborn (2011)
Breakpoint: Nereis (2014)
Contagion: Eyre (2015)
References
External links
Living people
1959 births
British women medical doctors
People from Colchester
20th-century English medical doctors
English emigrants to Canada
English women writers
English science fiction writers
English fantasy writers
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
Pen-y-cae-mawr is small hamlet above the Wentwood Forest in Monmouthshire, Wales. It lies about east of Llantrisant.
There are two farms - Cas-Troggy Farm and Penyrheol Farm. There is also a Methodist chapel on the main road. The chapel recently celebrated its 121st anniversary. Services are held on the second and fourth Sunday of the month at 3.00pm.
There are remains of a Baptist Chapel, shown on old maps as "Pen Y Well Chapel". Gravestones date back to the 18th century, and it also once had a yew tree, now destroyed.
References
Villages in Monmouthshire
Arthur Graham (born 26 October 1952) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a left winger for Aberdeen, Leeds United, Manchester United, Bradford City and the Scotland national team.
Club career
Graham was raised in the Castlemilk district of Glasgow. One of 11 siblings, he attended St Margaret Mary's Secondary School and supported Celtic as a child. Ray Houghton, who would also become an international footballer, was a downstairs neighbour in the same tenement block.
After a short spell in the Junior grade with Cambuslang Rangers (which had quickly escalated from a casual kickaround with workmates at the nearby steel works), in early 1970 he was signed by Aberdeen whose scout Bobby Calder offered generous terms to persuade him to move north with Celtic also showing interest. He played in five league matches during his first season with the club, and despite his inexperience, he was given a place in the starting line-up for the 1970 Scottish Cup Final by manager Eddie Turnbull. Aberdeen defeated Celtic 3–1 with 17-year-old Graham making two assists via left-wing crosses. He remained at Aberdeen until July 1977, winning the Scottish League Cup in his final season (again beating Celtic in the final). He played a total of 298 matches for The Dons, scoring 45 goals.
He joined Leeds United for £125,000 at the start of the 1977–78 season. He scored a total of 47 goals in 260 appearances for Leeds over six seasons, including a hat-trick against Birmingham City on 14 January 1978 - the first hat-trick to be scored by a Leeds United player in any competition for nearly five years.
However, Leeds were relegated to the Second Division in the 1981–82 season and failed to regain their status in the top flight in 1982–83. Graham was subsequently sold to Manchester United for £45,000 in August 1983.
He remained at Old Trafford for two seasons, scoring seven goals in 52 appearances in all competitions, before finishing his career at Bradford City where he remained until 1987.
International career
Having been capped at under-23 level at Aberdeen, Graham's international career seemed to be over prematurely when he was one of a group of squad players (including Billy Bremner and Joe Harper) 'banned for life' after an incident in Copenhagen in 1975. He was later reprieved, and won a total of 11 full international caps for Scotland while playing for Leeds, making his debut against East Germany in 1977. He scored twice at international level, against Argentina and Northern Ireland – both in 1979.
Post-playing activities
Graham has spent time coaching youngsters at the Leeds United Academy and at football schools in the Wetherby area where he settled - often working with Jimmy Lumsden.
His younger brothers Jimmy and Tommy were also footballers.
Honours
Aberdeen
Scottish Cup: 1969–70
Scottish League Cup: 1976–77
Manchester United
FA Charity Shield: 1983
In popular culture
Graham is frequently mentioned in the letters page of the comic Viz. In every edition, there will be a recommendation from a 'reader' that Graham is the only man to be considered for a range of positions. Graham has been recommended for a host of unlikely positions, such as taking over from Jeremy Clarkson as host of Top Gear, mediating peace negotiations between Russia and Ukraine, taking the editor's position at the London Evening Standard ahead of George Osborne, and presenting The Great British Bake Off.
References
External links
Profile at leeds-fans.org
Profile at sportingheroes.net
Hall Of Fame profile at AFC Heritage Trust
1952 births
Living people
Scottish footballers
Scotland international footballers
Aberdeen F.C. players
Leeds United F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Cambuslang Rangers F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Footballers from Glasgow
Scottish Football League players
Association football wingers
Scotland under-23 international footballers
Bradford City A.F.C. non-playing staff
Leeds United F.C. non-playing staff
Sheet metal workers
Halangy Down (or Halangy Down Ancient Village) is a prehistoric settlement located on the island of St Mary's, in the Isles of Scilly. The ancient site covers the lower slope of Halangy Down hill, overlooking the coastal inlet between the island of St. Mary's and Tresco Island. On the site are the remains of an Iron Age village, two entrance graves, prehistoric field systems, standing stones, post-medieval breastworks, and a Victorian kelp pit. The settlement was in continuous use for 500 years, from the late Iron Age until the end of the Roman occupation in Britain.
Description
Halangy Down is a hill on the island of St. Mary's in the Isles of Scilly. At the top of the hill, on its southwestern border and overlooking the coastal inlet between St. Mary's and Tresco Island, lies the Bronze Age entrance grave, Bant's Carn. Below the grave, further down the slope, are the remains of the Iron Age settlement, "Halangy Down Ancient Village". The settlement complex, spanning four narrow terraces, is 50 metres (55 yards) long by 30 metres (35 yards) wide, and stretches across the lower slope of the Down on its southwest boundary. The remains of the ancient village show evidence of continuous settlement from the prehistoric to the Roman period in Britain. Another entrance grave stands at the foot of the slope.
Between the Bronze Age grave and the ancient settlement are the remnants of prehistoric field systems that are discernible as a sequence of terraces and raised banks. The layout of the once thriving village can be seen in the large stone and rubble remains of stone huts, buildings and a courtyard complex with multiple rooms. At the foot of the northwestern slope, is a prehistoric standing stone made of granite. It measures 1.75 metres (5'9") high by 1 metres (3'3") wide and 0.7 metres (2'3") thick. Behind the cliff's edge, there is a line of low bank and ditch fortifications, built in the mid-seventeenth century and in use during the English Civil War. From the late seventeenth to the early nineteenth centuries, soda-ash was manufactured on Halangy Down in a stone-lined kelp pit. The kelp pit is situated 2.5 metres (3 yards) behind the edge of the cliff and can easily be seen as a stone-lined, circular hollow. The pit is 1.4 metres (4'8") in diameter, 0.6 metres (2') deep, and shaped as like an upturned cone.
History
The Halangy Down Ancient Village was first settled during the Bronze Age. Archaeological excavations conducted in 1935, 1950, and 1964 to 1970, revealed that the first stone structures were built during the Iron Age (800 BC - 100 AD). Evidence shows that the buildings were continually altered and replaced over the 500 year period of occupation, from the later Iron Age to the Roman period of occupation in Britain (43 AD - 410 AD). The village was made up of a complex of attached stone houses. One house, a large multi-room residence with an interconnecting courtyard, had been built in the Romano-British period. The excavation findings included Iron Age, Romano-British and Anglo-Saxon pottery; flint and quartz tools; a slate spindle-whorl; several millstones; bronze brooches and iron slag.
In the early years of development, the village consisted of oval or round stone houses with thick walls. The houses had cone-shaped, thatched roofs and small storage chambers that were built into the walls. Houses were faced with large stones and rubble. The size of the houses varied from 7.5 metres (25') by 5.1 metres (16'), to 7 metres (23') by 6.75 metres (22'2"). The structures also had one or two entrances, which consisted of faced passages up to 2.2 metres (7'3") wide. In the last stages of development, a large courtyard complex, including a large house with multiple rooms, was built at the south east end of the settlement. The complex was laid out with several rooms leading off a small courtyard, and the entire complex was surrounded by an enormous wall. The entry to the complex was through a narrow passage. A large midden adjacent to the north west wall of the courtyard house was uncovered during excavation, revealing a large pile of limpet shells. Other detritus at the site included fish, cattle, sheep, pig and horse bones.
See also
Innisidgen
Porth Hellick Down
Obadiah's Barrow
References
History of the Isles of Scilly
Prehistoric sites in Cornwall
Stone Age sites in Cornwall
English Heritage sites in the Isles of Scilly
St Mary's, Isles of Scilly
The Montagne aux Érables (in English: maple mountain) is a mountain located at Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality (MRC), in administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, Canada.
Geography
This mountain is part of Notre Dame Mountains.
Toponymy
His name was made official on December 6, 1970 at the "Banque des noms de lieux" of Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of mountains of Quebec
References
Appalachian summits
Summits of Chaudière-Appalaches
Notre Dame Mountains
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Mountains of Quebec under 1000 metres
The Pacific Rim Championships is a major regional biennial gymnastics competition. It is open to teams from member nations of the Pacific Alliance of National Gymnastics Federations, namely Australia, Canada, Chile, China, Chinese Taipei, Colombia, Costa Rica, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Panama, Peru, Philippines, Russia, Singapore, South Korea, Thailand and the United States. Before 2008, the event was known as the Pacific Alliance Championships.
Locations of Pacific Rim Championships
References
External links
Pacific Rim Championships
Gymnastics competitions
Recurring sporting events established in 1982
Get Nice! may refer to:
Get Nice! (EP), an EP by Spoon
Get Nice! (album), an album by Zebrahead
Kenneth Arthur Huszagh (September 3, 1891 – January 11, 1950) was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden.
Huszagh was born in Chicago; his paternal immigrant ancestor came from the Austria-Hungary Empire (now Slovakia). He was nicknamed "Ken" as a boy and attended local schools in Chicago. He became active as a competitive swimmer in the Chicago Athletic Club. He attended Northwestern University, where he competed as a swimmer on their Wildcats team.
Huszagh made the 1912 US Olympics team and competed in the 100-meter freestyle, in which he won a bronze medal. He also was a member of United States' 4×200-meter freestyle relay team, which won a silver medal. For a time he held a world record in swimming.
Huszagh was later involved in the founding of the town of Kildeer, Illinois, along with the help of his family. He later became an executive with the American Mineral Spirits Company of New York and rose to president of that company before retiring. He moved to Delray Beach, Florida.
See also
List of Northwestern University alumni
List of Olympic medalists in swimming (men)
World record progression 4 × 200 metres freestyle relay
References
External links
Ken Huszagh – Olympic athlete profile at Sports-Reference.com
1891 births
1950 deaths
American male freestyle swimmers
World record setters in swimming
Northwestern Wildcats men's swimmers
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in swimming
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in swimming
Swimmers from Chicago
Swimmers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1912 Summer Olympics
People from Lake County, Illinois
19th-century American people
20th-century American people
Mayme Farmer Irwin Logsdon (February 1, 1881–July 4, 1967) was an American mathematician known for her research in algebraic geometry and mathematics education. She was the first woman to receive tenure in the University of Chicago mathematics department.
Career
Logsdon taught at a high school from 1900 to 1911 before returning school herself. She earned a Ph.B., S.M., and Ph.D. in mathematics from the University of Chicago in 1913, 1915, and 1921 respectively. Her doctoral advisor was L. E. Dickson. She taught at Hastings College from 1913 to 1917 and at Northwestern University from 1917 to 1919. She then returned to her alma mater in 1921 where she was the only female regular faculty member above the rank of instructor until 1982 when Karen Uhlenbeck was appointed professor of mathematics. Logsdon remained at the University of Chicago for a large portion of her career, until 1946. She concluded her career at the University of Miami, retiring in 1961.
Phd students at the University of Chicago include Anna A. Stafford (Henriques), James Edward Case, Clyde Harvey Graves, and Frank Ayres, Jr.
She wrote two texts Elementary Mathematical Analysis (1932 volume 1 and 1933 volume 2) and A Mathematician Explains (1st edition 1935; 2nd edition 1936) both for undergraduate mathematics.
Logsdon was a fellow of the International Education Board, a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Mathematical Society, the Mathematical Association of America, and the director of the American Association of University Women (1929-1935).
References
1881 births
1967 deaths
American women mathematicians
20th-century American mathematicians
University of Chicago alumni
Hastings College faculty
Northwestern University faculty
University of Miami faculty
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
20th-century women mathematicians
20th-century American women
Telsonemasomatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Julida.
Genera:
Telsonemasoma Enghoff, 1979
References
Julida
Adjutant Jacques Gérard (1890-1918) was a French World War I flying ace. He was credited with eight confirmed aerial victories before dying while battling to liberate his homeland.
Early life
Jacques Gérard was born in Paris, France, on 26 October 1890. He joined the 113e Regiment d'Infanterie to defend his country during World War I.
World War I
Once he had joined the infantry, he found himself assigned as a mechanic and driver. This work brought him in contact with the truck-borne laboratories used for developing aerial photography. An assignment to Escadrille C18 of the Aéronautique Militaire followed. He subsequently entered pilot's training, and was licensed with his brevet in August 1917. He then rounded off his aviation education with advanced training at Pau and Cazaux. Upon completion of training, he was assigned to Escadrille N65 as a pilot on 10 November 1917. By this time, he had risen to corporal.
He was promoted to sergeant on 25 January 1918, and scored his first aerial victory on 30 January while flying a Spad VII. His victory tally mounted until he became an ace on 23 April, when he downed a brace of German reconnaissance planes. This action brought him the award of the Médaille militaire. The accompanying citation read (in English translation):
On 25 June 1918, the date of his seventh confirmed victory, he was promoted to Adjutant. He would score one more confirmed victory. Then, on 3 July 1918, he was killed in action while battling five German airplanes.
List of aerial victories
See also Aerial victory standards of World War I
Numbered victories in following table denote confirmed victories in chronological order. The notation "u/c" marks unconfirmed claims.
References
Over the Front: A Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914-1918 Norman L. R. Franks, Frank W. Bailey. Grub Street, 1992. , 9780948817540.
Spad VII Aces of World War I: Volume 39 of Aircraft of the Aces. Jon Guttman. Osprey Publishing, 2001. , 9781841762227.
Endnotes
French World War I flying aces
1890 births
1918 deaths
French military personnel killed in World War I
Ina, Kapatid, Anak is a soundtrack album of the Philippine drama series of the same name. It was released in the Philippines by Star Music on November 13, 2012, and it was released worldwide thru Amazon and iTunes. Ariel Rivera and Xian Lim provide songs for the soundtrack.
The lead single, "Ngayon at Kailanman", was released on September 14, 2012, along with the music video. It was sung by Ariel Rivera, one of the lead cast of the series.
Track listing
Singles
"Ngayon at Kailanman"
"Kailan"
"Ikaw Lamang"
"Sa Isip Ko"
References
External links
Itunes.apple.com
Spotify
Amazon.com
Television soundtracks
2012 albums
Wang Xiaoli (; born 24 June 1989) is a Chinese badminton player who is a doubles specialist. In 2012, she competed at the 2012 London Summer Olympics.
Career
In 2005, she joined the Chinese national second team and officially became the first team in 2008. Wang Xiaoli began her international career in 2009 when she paired with Tao Jiaming in mixed doubles and with Ma Jin in women's doubles. She quickly gained success with Ma Jin and culminated their career with a gold medal at the 2009 Asia Championships. In the middle of the 2010 season, Wang Xiaoli dropped mixed doubles from her repertoire of events and began competing in women's doubles with Yu Yang. Despite their short time together, Wang Xiaoli and Yu Yang have reached the number one ranking in the world for their event. In 2011, she and Yu Yang received an award "BWF Female Player of the Year", who have become the first shuttlers to scoop a grand slam with their 5 BWF World Superseries Premier titles in 2011. Having only teamed up for slightly over a year, they have already picked up the 2011 World title and were also champions at the 2011 Asian Championships. They also made 12 consecutive finals appearances with 7 BWF World Superseries titles to their name in 2011.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, Wang and her partner, Yu Yang, along with Jung Kyung-eun and Kim Ha-na, Ha Jung-eun and Kim Min-jung of South Korea, and Meiliana Jauhari and Greysia Polii of Indonesia, were disqualified from the competition for "not using one's best efforts to win a match" and "conducting oneself in a manner that is clearly abusive or detrimental to the sport", following matches the previous evening during which they were accused of throwing the match. Yu Yang and Wang Xiaoli played against South Korea's Jung Kyung-eun and Kim Ha-na, and it has been suggested that both teams wanted to lose in order to secure an easier draw, although Yu claimed "she and her partner were just trying to conserve their strength for the knockout rounds".
Achievements
BWF World Championships
Women's doubles
Asian Games
Women's doubles
Asian Championships
Women's doubles
East Asian Games
Women's doubles
BWF World Junior Championships
Girls' doubles
Mixed doubles
Asian Junior Championships
Girls' doubles
BWF Superseries
The BWF Superseries, which was launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). BWF Superseries levels are Superseries and Superseries Premier. A season of Superseries consists of twelve tournaments around the world that have been introduced since 2011. Successful players are invited to the Superseries Finals, which are held at the end of each year.
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Superseries Finals tournament
BWF Superseries Premier tournament
BWF Superseries tournament
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the BWF Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) which was held from 2007 to 2017.
Women's doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
Record against selected opponents
Women's doubles results with Yu Yang against Superseries Finals finalists, Worlds Semi-finalists, and Olympic quarterfinalists.
/ Petya Nedelcheva & Anastasia Russkikh 1–0
Alex Bruce & Michelle Li 1–0
Bao Yixin & Lu Lu 1–0
Bao Yixin & Zhong Qianxin 3–0
Cheng Shu & Zhao Yunlei 6–0
Ma Jin & Zhong Qianxin 1–0
Tian Qing & Zhao Yunlei 8–3
Xia Huan & Tang Jinhua 3–1
Ma Jin & Tang Jinhua 5–0
Bao Yixin & Cheng Shu 0–1
Bao Yixin & Tang Jinhua 0–1
Ma Jin & Tang Yuanting 3–0
Bao Yixin & Tang Yuanting 0–1
Luo Ying & Luo Yu 4–0
Cheng Wen-hsing & Chien Yu-chin 4–0
Christinna Pedersen & Kamilla Rytter Juhl 6–1
Poon Lok Yan & Tse Ying Suet 8–0
Jwala Gutta & Ashwini Ponnappa 3–0
Vita Marissa & Nadya Melati 2–0
Mizuki Fujii & Reika Kakiiwa 4–0
Miyuki Maeda & Satoko Suetsuna 5–0
Shizuka Matsuo & Mami Naito 7–0
Misaki Matsutomo & Ayaka Takahashi 3–0
Ha Jung-eun & Kim Min-jung 7–1
Jung Kyung-eun & Kim Ha-na 5–0
Chin Eei Hui & Wong Pei Tty 2–0
Valeria Sorokina & Nina Vislova 1–0
Shinta Mulia Sari & Yao Lei 2–0
Michelle Claire Edwards & Annari Viljoen 1–0
Duanganong Aroonkesorn & Kunchala Voravichitchaikul 5–0
References
1989 births
Living people
Badminton players from Hubei
Chinese female badminton players
Badminton players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of China
Badminton players at the 2010 Asian Games
Badminton players at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Asian Games medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
World No. 1 badminton players
BWF Best Female Player of the Year
James Katz may refer to:
James C. Katz, American film historian and preservationist
James E. Katz, communication scholar
Fam Time is an Australian television comedy series produced by the Seven Network and set to screen in 2021. The series is created by Michael Horrocks and directed by Hayden Guppy.
Fam Time follows the story of the highly dysfunctional blended Box family which, like most families today, is struggling to combine their online and everyday lives in the suburbs.
The series was set to air in 2020, however Seven announced in October 2020 the series will now air in 2021.
Cast
See also
List of Australian television series
References
Australian television sitcoms
2020 Australian television series debuts
Seven Network original programming
Kurumkan (; Buryat and , Khuramkhaan) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Kurumkansky District of the Republic of Buryatia, Russia, located from Ulan-Ude. Population:
Etymology
The name "Kurumkan" comes from the Evenk language and means a stone river.
Geography
Kurumkan is located by the Barguzin River, with the Barguzin Range rising to the west.
Transportation
There is a bus that runs twice a day between Ulan-Ude and Kurumkan.
References
Rural localities in Kurumkansky District
Aluwa () is a Sri Lankan sweet. It is made from roasted rice flour or potatoes with boiled treacle, cashew nuts and cardamom and is served in a flat cookie-like form.
Aluwa is traditionally served in diamond or square shapes by using a wooden mould.
See also
Halwa
References
Sri Lankan desserts and sweets
Finnart Oil Terminal, also known as Finnart Ocean Terminal or Chap Point, is an oil depot on the eastern shore of Loch Long, Firth of Clyde on the west coast of Scotland, about to the north of Garelochhead on the A814 road to Arrochar. It has piers extending a short distance into the loch, providing a deep water berth for oil tankers up to 324,000 tonnes. Two pipelines connect the terminal across the width of Scotland to the Grangemouth Refinery on the Firth of Forth on the east coast, and extensive oil storage tanks have been built into the hillside on both sides of the main road.
History
The road from the Gare Loch rises over high ground before descending steeply to Loch Long, and at the foot of the hill the last owner of the croft on the site built a stone into the roadside wall with the inscription "This road was made from the Castle Rosneath to Tenne Clauch in the year 1777 by his Grace John Duke of Argyll. Erected by John Fraser". The stone can still be seen in the wall, opposite the main jetty of the terminal.
The terminal takes its name from Finnart House, a country house constructed to the east of the A814 about 1832 for the Glasgow shipbuilder John Macgregor. It was designed by the architect William Burn, who also designed Arddarroch House on the other side of the road, built in 1838 for the Glasgow merchant John McVicar. Both estates are now occupied by the oil depot.
Finnart House was the birthplace in 1855 of John Macgregor's son William York Macgregor, who became known as a landscape painter. The house subsequently became the home of the philosopher Edward Caird, who was Professor of Moral Philosophy at the University of Glasgow from 1866 to 1893. Around the 1930s the house was converted into a hotel. Arddarroch House went from the McVicar family to the Rutherglen industrialist John White (J & J White Chemicals) and his wife Amelia - later Lady Henry Lennox after she re-married following White's death in 1881. Her son Richard Brooman-White inherited the estate, and the family continued to live there for many years, including his grandson Richard Brooman-White who became a prominent politician.
When World War II began, a jetty was constructed at the site together with pumps and tanks to supply fuel oil to naval vessels, by the same team of engineers who had covertly built an American base known as Rosneath naval base on the Gare Loch before the United States entered the war. Finnart House was requisitioned to be used as an administration block for the United States Navy, and a personnel depot was constructed in the grounds of the house. Fuel was supplied by an oil pipeline from the Grangemouth Refinery via the Mountblow fuel depot near Old Kilpatrick, with a spur of the pipeline serving the Rosneath base. After the war, the grounds were cleared leaving only the jetty and a wooden pier, and the hotel resumed business.
The Finnart estate was then taken over by the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company, which later became the British Petroleum Company (BP). They built a direct long pipeline to deliver imported crude oil from the terminal to the Grangemouth refinery, and this was connected in 1954. A deep-water jetty was constructed to accommodate the larger supertankers then coming into use, and the terminal also took over the Arddarroch estate, with the whole site leased from the Ministry of Defence. A second pipeline was constructed to take finished products from the refinery to the terminal for export, primarily to Northern Ireland. The import of crude oil reached a peak in the 1970s, before North Sea oil began coming onshore in quantity. In 2005 the terminal was bought by the INEOS Group.
Arddarroch House has been converted into offices and accommodation, but the Buildings at Risk Register for Scotland records that at least since 1994 the B listed Finnart House has been boarded up and lies empty, at high risk. The register also has an entry for the picturesque B listed lodge at the roadside, also designed by Burn, which is disused and was at moderate risk as of October 2012. Both are shown as Crown property owned by the Ministry of Defence.
Notes
External links
BP buildings and structures
Firth of Clyde
History of Argyll and Bute
Ineos
Oil and gas industry in Scotland
Oil terminals
Petroleum infrastructure in the United Kingdom
Ports and harbours of Scotland
Transport in Argyll and Bute
Franklin Archibald Dick (May 2, 1823 – February 18, 1885) was an American lawyer, politician and military officer during the American Civil War. He served as a Republican member of the Missouri state legislature and worked with Francis P. Blair Jr. to oppose slavery in Missouri. He served as volunteer assistant adjutant general to Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon in the struggle to prevent Missouri secession to the Confederacy that resulted in the Camp Jackson Affair. He also served as Missouri provost marshal general and lieutenant colonel under Major General Samuel Curtis. After the war, he worked as a law partner with Montgomery Blair at the Blair House in Washington, D.C.
Early life and education
Dick was born in Chester, Pennsylvania on May 2, 1823, the only son of Archibald Thomas Dick and Hannah Rogers. He entered the University of Pennsylvania at the age of sixteen in 1839 as a law student. He graduated in 1842 and moved to the then frontier town of St. Louis, Missouri, where he practiced law from 1844 to 1861. He worked as an assistant editor at the St. Louis Democrat newspaper. He was an active supporter of the movement to abolish slavery and joined the Free Soil Party in 1849. He became a member of the Republican Party upon its founding in 1854. In 1857, he was elected to the Missouri legislature and voted for the end of slavery in Missouri.
He married Myra Madison Alexander on November 25, 1851. Myra's sister, Apolline, was married to Francis Preston Blair Jr., a Missouri congressman and a leader of the Unconditional Union Party. Dick helped organize the business affairs of Blair when he fell into debt after the 1857 depression.
American Civil War
Camp Jackson affair
After the election of President Lincoln, the pro-secessionist governor of Missouri, Clairborne F. Jackson was expected to lead Missouri to secede from the Union. Dick, Blair and other pro Union advocates in the city of St. Louis were concerned that Jackson would take possession of the St. Louis Arsenal and use the large stock of arms kept there to support Confederate leaning militias. Blair and Captain (later brigadier general) Nathaniel Lyon transferred the arms from the St. Louis Arsenal to Alton, Illinois to prevent their capture and usage by pro-confederacy militias.
In mid-April 1861, Jackson wrote to Confederate President Jefferson Davis, asking for heavy artillery to breach the walls of the arsenal. Around May 1, Jackson called up part of the Missouri Volunteer Militia (MVM) for "maneuvers" near St. Louis, under the command of Brigadier General Daniel M. Frost. The MVM set up Camp Jackson, about northwest of the arsenal.
Davis agreed to Jackson's request and delivered two 12-pound howitzers, two 32-pound siege guns, 500 muskets, and ammunition. MVM officers met the shipment at the St. Louis riverfront, and transported them to Camp Jackson.
Lyon wanted to scout Camp Jackson for himself. Dick borrowed a dress, shawl and bonnet from his mother in law in order to disguise the general. Dick provided the carriage and Lyon was able to observe the camp from inside the carriage disguised as Dick's mother in law and reported back that secessionist flags were flown within the camp and Confederate guns were located at the camp.
On May 10, 1861, Lyon, Blair, and other Unionists met in Dick's law office and decided to capture Camp Jackson. At Lyon's urging, Dick served as his volunteer assistant adjutant general during the Camp Jackson affair. Lyon, with the Home Guards and a U.S. regular Army company, captured several hundred secessionist state militia which had been positioned to seize the Arsenal. The Camp Jackson Affair gave the Federal cause a decisive initial advantage in Missouri but also inflamed secessionist sentiments in the state.
Dick was sent by Blair to Washington to convey concerns to President Lincoln about General William S. Harney's leniency in dealing with secessionists. Montgomery Blair took Dick to meet with President Lincoln and Secretary of War Simon Cameron. Dick had been directed to lobby for Nathaniel Lyon's ideas for the protection of St. Louis, ask for Lyon's confirmation as brigadier general, and request Harney's removal. Dick returned to St. Louis with Lincoln's promotion for Lyon effective May 17, and an order for Blair to remove Harney at his discretion. When Harney met with the former governor and head of the Missouri State Guard, Sterling Price, the Union supporters led by Blair delivered the orders on May 30, 1862, which opened the way for Lyon to take control of troops in Missouri.
Dick continued to write letters to Lincoln with updates on the state of affairs in Missouri.
Provost marshal general
After Camp Jackson was disbanded, Missouri was under martial law, and remained so for the entire Civil War. Dick served on the Board of Assessments which identified and fined Southern sympathizers. Through his participation in the seizure of goods and banishment of Rebels and their families, he earned the hatred of many old St. Louisans, Conditional Unionists, and Rebels.
On November 5, 1862, Dick was commissioned by Governor Hamilton Rowan Gamble as aide-de-camp to Major General Samuel Curtis with the rank of lieutenant colonel. General Curtis assigned Dick as provost marshal general for the Department of Missouri which included the states of Missouri, Arkansas, Iowa, Kansas and sections of Illinois and Tennessee. In this position, Dick was responsible to keep order in the state and oversee the local provost marshals, enforce Curtis's orders for the Confiscation Act of 1862, banish and assess disloyal persons, and supervise prisons and prisoners.
Dick moved his family back and forth from St. Louis to Philadelphia for safety during the war, though he had to return to his law practice in St. Louis to earn a living. He was superseded as provost marshal general by James Brodhead.
After the war
After the Civil War ended, at the urging of Francis P. Blair Sr., Dick practiced law with Montgomery Blair, working out of offices in the Blair House on Pennsylvania Avenue across from the White House. The Blair House is now the official guest house for the White House. Dick purchased a summer home he named "Hillside" near West Chester, Pennsylvania. Dick died on February 18, 1885, and was interred in Laurel Hill Cemetery in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Citations
Sources
Gerteis, Louis. Civil War St. Louis, Lawrence: University Press of Kansas, 2001
Laas, Virginia Jeans. Wartime Washington: The Civil War Letters of Elizabeth Blair Lee. Urbana:University of Illinois Press, 1999
Winter, William C. The Civil War in St. Louis: A Guided Tour. St. Louis: Missouri Historical Society Press, 1994
External links
Library of Congress - Abraham Lincoln papers: Series 2. General Correspondence. 1858-1864: Franklin A. Dick to Montgomery Blair, Monday, January 26, 1863 (Affairs in Missouri; endorsed by Francis P. Blair, Sr.)
Missouri Historical Society - Letter signed F.A. Dick, Headquarters, Department of the Missouri, Office of the Provost Marshal General, St. Louis, MO., to Colonel Wm. T. Mason (William T. Mason), January 19, 1863
Missouri State Archives - Letter, from Franklin A. Dick, Washington D.C. to Benjamin Gratz Brown, January 23, 1872
The State Historical Society of Missouri - Missouri, Monroe County. Provost Marshal's Papers, 1862-1865
1823 births
1885 deaths
19th-century American lawyers
19th-century American newspaper editors
Adjutants general of the United States Army
Burials at Laurel Hill Cemetery (Philadelphia)
Lawyers from Philadelphia
Members of the Missouri General Assembly
Missouri Free Soilers
Missouri Republicans
People from Chester, Pennsylvania
People of Missouri in the American Civil War
Dick, Franklin Archibald
University of Pennsylvania alumni
The Sioux Falls Cougars are the athletic teams that represent the University of Sioux Falls, located in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, in intercollegiate sports as a member of the NCAA Division II ranks, primarily competing the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference (NSIC) since the 2012–13 academic year. Prior to joining the NCAA, the Cougars previously competed in the Great Plains Athletic Conference (GPAC) of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) from 2000–01 to 2010–11; and in the defunct South Dakota Intercollegiate Conference (SDIC) from 1977–78 to 1999–2000.
Move to NCAA
On April 28, 2009 the university board of trustees voted to leave the NAIA and apply to join the NCAA Division II. For two years, USF remained a member of the NAIA and Great Plains Athletic Conference. In 2011–2012, the school became a provisional member of the NCAA, playing full NCAA schedules and required to operate under NCAA Division II regulations but was ineligible for postseason events.
In July 2012, the university became one of six universities to join the NCAA as full members, with official membership commencing on September 1, 2012. As part of the successful transition to the NCAA, the Cougars will be eligible for postseason conference and NCAA postseason competition. With the acceptance into the NCAA as a full member, the university will begin conference play in the NSIC for the majority of sports and in the GNAC for men's soccer.
Sports
USF competes in 16 intercollegiate varsity sports: Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross-country, football, golf and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cheerleading, cross-country, golf, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball.
Former sports included wrestling and men's tennis, as both were dropped once USF moved to NCAA Division II in 2011. In the spring of 2013 USF dropped Men's Soccer after one year in DII The tennis team had made five trips to the NAIA Championships in 2003, 2004, 2007, 2008, and 2010.
Football
The University of Sioux Falls Cougars football team, won the NAIA Division II Football National Championship in 1996, and the NAIA Football National Championship in 2006, 2008 and 2009. All four of USF's national championships have been undefeated seasons. The football program has had four NAIA Players of the Year Award winners, running back Nick Kortan in 2002, quarterback Chad Cavender in 2007, quarterback Lorenzo Brown in 2009 and receiver Jon Ryan in 2010. The program has won 19 conference titles, including 10 in the SDIC (1981, 1984, 1988–1989, 1994–1999) and 9 in the GPAC (2001–2004, 2006–). From 2008–2010 the team sported a 42-game winning streak which tied an NAIA record.
The current head coach is Jon Anderson who replaced Jed Stugart in December of 2016. Stugart took over for alum Kalen DeBoer in 2010. DeBoer led USF to a 67-3 record in his five years with 3 national titles as head coach. Legendary coach Bob Young led the Cougars from 1983–2004 guiding them to their first national championship in 1996.
Baseball
The USF baseball team, now directed by head coach Grant Hieb, won the 2007 GPAC regular and postseason titles with a record of 17–7 (26–19 overall). They had a breakout season in the spring of 2010, setting a school record for wins in a season with a 33–17 record. The Cougars finished second in the GPAC with a 19–5 conference record. In 2012, the Cougars moved to NCAA DII and joined the NSIC.
Basketball (men's)
The men's basketball team advanced to 9 NAIA Tournaments, including a Final Four Appearance in 2004. USF won two regular season GPAC Titles (2006, 2007) and 4 postseason GPAC Titles (2004, 2007, 2009, 2011). The current coach is Chris Johnson, who has led the Cougars to tournament appearances in each of his three seasons, including Sweet Sixteen appearances in 2009 and 2010. He has 226 career wins at USF with 242 in his career with 172 losses. He is 226-157 at USF (5/5/22) and was named NSIC Coach of the Year in 2019-20.
Basketball (women's)
The women's basketball team advanced to the NAIA Tournament in 2001, 2003, and 2011. The 2003 team is the only Final Four team in school history. The 2011 team, under current coach Travis Traphagen, reached the Elite 8 and set a school record for wins with 27. He has 251 career wins and all at USF. The Cougars were ranked No. 11 in WBCA poll during the 2019-20 season for their highest ranking at the DII level. USF made an appearance in the NCAA DII Championships after claiming the 2015-16 NSIC Tournament title and earning the automatic berth to the regional.
Golf (women's)
The 2007–2008 women's golf team won the GPAC Championship. Wade Merry is the head coach for both men's and women's programs beginning in 2021.
Softball
The women's softball team, directed by head coach Shannon Pivovar, advanced to the NAIA Softball World Series in 2005. That team also won the only postseason GPAC title in school history and finished with a 29-16 record, a school record for victories.
Tennis (women's)
The women's tennis team, led by head coach Kevin Grebin, made four trips to the NAIA Championships in 2000, 2004, 2005, 2010. They won regular season GPAC titles in 2005, 2009, and 2010 and postseason GPAC titles in 2004, 2005, and 2010.
Track and field
The track and field team, which is directed by Doug Petersen, has four NAIA individual national champions: Vinnie Olson (2004 - Indoor Shot Put), Colin Koth (2011 - Indoor 400), and Brigitte Gross (2011 - Indoor and Outdoor Pole Vault). Since joining the NCAA, the track and field program has added 4 more national champions: Brigitte Gross (2014 - Indoor Pole Vault), Jagger Gran (2015 - Indoor Pole Vault), Scott Greenman (2017 - Indoor Pole Vault), and Courtney Crandall (2017 - Indoor Pole Vault) The women's outdoor team won the GPAC title in 2011.
References
External links
Countries belonging to the Commonwealth of Nations typically exchange High Commissioners, rather than Ambassadors. Though there are a few technical and historical differences, they are now in practice the same office. The following persons have served as British High Commissioners to the People's Republic of Bangladesh.
List of High Commissioners
1972–1975: Anthony Golds
1975–1978: Barry Smallman
1978–1980: Stephen Miles
1980–1981: Sir Michael Scott
1981–1983: Sir Frank Mills
1983–1989: Sir Terence Streeton
1989–1993: Sir Colin Imray
1993–1996: Peter Fowler
1996–2000: David Walker
2000–2004: David Carter
2004–2008: Anwar Choudhury
2008–2011: Stephen Evans
2011–2015: Robert Gibson
2016–2019: Alison Blake
2019–: Robert Chatterton Dickson
References
External links
UK and Bangladesh, gov.uk
Bangladesh
United Kingdom
Bangladesh and the Commonwealth of Nations
United Kingdom and the Commonwealth of Nations
The Auburn Tigers college football team represents Auburn University in the West Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Tigers compete as part of the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision. The program has had 27 head coaches, and 2 interim head coaches, since it began play during the 1892 season. Since December 22, 2020, Bryan Harsin has served as Head Coach.
The team has played more than 1,150 games over 119 seasons. In that time, seven coaches have led the Tigers in postseason bowl games: Jack Meagher, Ralph Jordan, Pat Dye, Terry Bowden, Tommy Tuberville, Gene Chizik, and Gus Malzahn. Seven coaches won conference championships: Walter H. Watkins and Mike Donahue won a combined three as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association; Chet A. Wynne won one as a member of the Southern Conference; and Jordan, Dye, Tuberville, and Chizik won a combined seven as a member of the SEC. During their tenures, Jordan and Chizik each won a national championship with the Tigers.
Jordan is the leader in seasons coached and games won, with 176 victories during his 25 years with the program. M. S. Harvey and Johnny Floyd have the lowest winning percentage of those who have coached more than one game, with .000. Of the 26 different head coaches who have led the Tigers, John Heisman, Donahue, Jordan and Dye have been inducted as head coaches into the College Football Hall of Fame in South Bend, Indiana.
Key
Coaches
Notes
References
General
Specific
Lists of college football head coaches
Alabama sports-related lists
The 1976–77 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was the twelfth occasion on which the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy competition had been held.
Castleford won the trophy by beating Leigh by the score of 12-4 (away from home on the opponent's own ground)
The match was played at Hilton Park, Leigh, now in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, (historically in the county of Lancashire). The attendance was 5,402, and the receipts were £2.793
Castleford had won the first three BBC2 Floodlit Trophy finals, this brought the wins up to four
Background
This season saw no changes in the entrants, no new members and no withdrawals, the number remaining at twenty-two.
The format remained as used in last season's tournament, i.e. as a knock-out competition from the preliminary round through to the final.
The preliminary round involved twelve clubs, to reduce the numbers taking part in the competition proper to just sixteen.
Competition and results
Preliminary round
Involved 6 matches and 12 Clubs
Round 1 – first round
Involved 8 matches and 16 Clubs
Round 2 – quarter finals
Involved 4 matches with 8 clubs
Round 3 – semi-finals
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Final
Teams and scorers
Scoring - Try = three points - Goal = two points - Drop goal = one point
The road to success
This tree excludes any preliminary round fixtures
Notes and comments
1 * Whitehaven, who joined the competition in season 1973–74, play their first game at home in the competition - they also win their first game in the competition
2 * This match was televised
3 * Hilton Park was the home ground of Leigh from 1947 to 2008. The final capacity was in the region of 11,000, much less than the record attendance of 31,326, set in 1953 for a Challenge Cup match v St. Helens
General information for those unfamiliar
The Rugby League BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was a knock-out competition sponsored by the BBC and between rugby league clubs, entrance to which was conditional upon the club having floodlights. Most matches were played on an evening, and those of which the second half was televised, were played on a Tuesday evening.
Despite the competition being named as 'Floodlit', many matches took place during the afternoons and not under floodlights, and several of the entrants, including Barrow and Bramley did not have adequate lighting. And, when in 1973, due to the world oil crisis, the government restricted the use of floodlights in sport, all the matches, including the Trophy final, had to be played in the afternoon rather than at night.
The Rugby League season always (until the onset of "Summer Rugby" in 1996) ran from around August-time through to around May-time and this competition always took place early in the season, in the Autumn, with the final taking place in December (The only exception to this was when disruption of the fixture list was caused by inclement weather)
See also
1976–77 Northern Rugby Football League season
1976 Lancashire Cup
1976 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
Hull&Proud Fixtures & Results 1896/1897
Widnes Vikings - One team, one passion Season In Review - 1896-97
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Music for Millions is a 1944 musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Margaret O'Brien, José Iturbi, Jimmy Durante, June Allyson, Marsha Hunt, Hugh Herbert, Harry Davenport, and Marie Wilson. It was nominated for an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay in 1946.
Plot
"Mike", age 6, arrives in New York to stay with her pregnant older sister Barbara Ainsworth, who lives together with a group of young women, her co-players in a symphony orchestra. As the orchestra prepares to go on a tour of army camps, a telegram is received informing them of the death of Barbara's soldier husband in the Pacific war theater. The girls decide to keep the tragic news from her until after her baby is born. The orchestra is shown playing several classical standards before various military audiences. The talented Iturbi variously conducts the group as well as effortlessly plays difficult piano pieces, while Durante sings comically and acts as a grandfather figure to Mike. In a surprise ending, shortly before giving birth, Barbara receives a letter from her husband saying he is in good spirits and convalescing in a military hospital.
Cast
Soundtrack
Clair de Lune
Music by Claude Debussy
Performed by Larry Adler on harmonica
Also performed by José Iturbi on piano
Antonín Dvořák's Symphony No. 9 in E minor, 4th movement, conducted by José Iturbi
Piano Concerto in A Minor
Music by Edvard Grieg
Performed by José Iturbi
The March of the Toys
from Babes in Toyland
Music by Victor Herbert
Waltz in E Minor
Music by Frédéric Chopin
Performed by José Iturbi
Hallelujah Chorus
from The Messiah
Music by Georg Friedrich Händel
Toscanini, Iturbi and Me
Written by Harold Spina, Walter Bullock and Jimmy Durante
At Sundown
Written by Walter Donaldson
Umbriago
Written by Jimmy Durante and Irving Caesar
Jam Session
Music by Calvin Jackson
Reception
According to MGM records, the film earned $2,341,000 in the US and Canada and $1,504,000 elsewhere, resulting in a profit of $824,000.
References
External links
1944 films
1940s musical comedy-drama films
American musical comedy-drama films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Films directed by Henry Koster
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films produced by Joe Pasternak
Films scored by Michel Michelet
1944 comedy films
1944 drama films
1940s American films
Curt Johnson is an American soccer executive who currently serves as General Manager and President of North Carolina Football Club, home of North Carolina FC of the USL Championship and the North Carolina Courage of the National Women's Soccer League.
A Raleigh native, Johnson graduated from Ravenscroft School and played collegiately at North Carolina State University, where he served as senior captain, helped the Wolfpack win the 1990 ACC Championship and graduated with a degree in communications studies. In 2013, Johnson was inducted into the North Carolina Soccer Hall of Fame.
Before working in his current position, Johnson previously worked for the Richmond Kickers, Kansas City Wizards, Carolina Hurricanes and U.S. Club Soccer.
Playing career
Following his prep career at Ravenscroft School and Capital Area Soccer League (CASL), Johnson continued his player career at the collegiate level in his hometown, starring for the NC State Wolfpack men's soccer team from 1987-90.
During his career with the Wolfpack, Johnson appeared in 72 matches, and served as a captain in his senior season, as NC State won an ACC Championship and reached the NCAA semifinals. After his playing career, Johnson would later return to NC State as an assistant coach.
North Carolina Football Club (North Carolina FC/NC Courage)
In February 2011, it was announced that Johnson, who most recently worked for US Club Soccer, would serve as President of the Carolina RailHawks. In Johnson's first season leading the club, the RailHawks won the NASL regular season title under first-year head coach Martin Rennie, going 17W-8L-3D with a then league-record 13-game unbeaten streak.
From 2012-14, the RailHawks achieved national notoriety and developed a reputation as one of the toughest second-division teams in the country to play against thanks to their performances in the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. From 2012-14, the RailHawks recorded five wins against Major League Soccer opponents, including three in as many years against the LA Galaxy. The RailHawks reached the quarterfinals of the competition in both 2012 and 2014.
In 2015, Johnson helped oversee the transfer in ownership of the RailHawks from Traffic Sports USA to Stephen Malik, a local Triangle businessman and medical software entrepreneur. Bolstered by new, local ownership, Johnson in 2016 was instrumental in the RailHawks hosting English Premier League Club West Ham United in front of a then North Carolina Football Club-record 10,125 fans.
In December 2016, the RailHawks rebranded to North Carolina FC, and in January 2017 Malik announced the addition of the North Carolina Courage, an NWSL team which Johnson was named president and general manager of.
Both NCFC and the Courage reached the postseason in 2017, as the Courage claimed the NWSL Shield and reached the league's title game. Johnson also played a pivotal role in negotiating an historic partnership between North Carolina Football Club, Capital Area Soccer League and Triangle Futbol Club, which led to the creation of NCFC Youth, which Johnson currently serves on the board of. As a result, North Carolina Football Club is the largest youth-to-pro soccer organization in the U.S.
Ahead of the 2018 season, Johnson helped orchestrate a deal that saw the Courage acquire U.S. Women's National Team star Crystal Dunn and former USWNT standout Heather O'Reilly, and the team became the first in NWSL history win both the shield and NWSL Championship.
Following the 2018 USL season, Johnson made his second NCFC coaching change, as the club announced the hiring of former U.S. Men's National Team Manager Dave Sarachan on Dec. 17, 2018. With Sarachan in charge, NCFC finished seventh in the USL Championship Eastern Conference and reached the playoffs for the second time in three years in 2019. Meanwhile, the Courage made history by becoming the first team in NWSL history to win a league championship on its home field, as it defeated the Chicago Red Stars 4-0 in front 10,227 spectators, the largest crowd in North Carolina Football Club history.
Previous Front Office Experience
Johnson's first stint as a professional soccer executive came in the late 1990s with the Richmond Kickers of the A-League. From 1997-99, Johnson served in a leadership role, both as vice president of operations and general manager. During Johnson's tenure with the Kickers, the team reached the postseason annually and won the Atlantic Division in 1998.
After his third season in Richmond, Johnson was chosen as the general manager of the Kansas City Wizards by Lamar Hunt and Clark Hunt. During his tenure with the Wizards, Johnson made an immediate impact, as Kansas City completed the double by winning both the MLS Supporters' Shield and the MLS Cup in 2000. Four years later, Johnson and Kansas City once again lifted a trophy in 2004 with a win over the Chicago Fire in the U.S. Open Cup Final. In addition to his tactical and management decision making, Johnson was also instrumental in the transfer of ownership of the club from the Hunt family to OnGoal, LLC.
Before joining North Carolina Football Club in 2011, Johnson served as the Carolina Hurricanes' director of marketing from 2007–08 and later worked for U.S. Club Soccer, where he was instrumental in developing strategies for growth of the game at the youth levels for both boys and girls.
References
Sporting Kansas City
Major League Soccer executives
North American Soccer League executives
National Women's Soccer League executives
Living people
North Carolina FC
North Carolina Courage
Richmond Kickers
Carolina Hurricanes
1968 births
Breadth-first search (BFS) is an algorithm for searching a tree data structure for a node that satisfies a given property. It starts at the tree root and explores all nodes at the present depth prior to moving on to the nodes at the next depth level. Extra memory, usually a queue, is needed to keep track of the child nodes that were encountered but not yet explored.
For example, in a chess endgame a chess engine may build the game tree from the current position by applying all possible moves, and use breadth-first search to find a win position for white. Implicit trees (such as game trees or other problem-solving trees) may be of infinite size; breadth-first search is guaranteed to find a solution node if one exists.
In contrast, (plain) depth-first search, which explores the node branch as far as possible before backtracking and expanding other nodes, may get lost in an infinite branch and never make it to the solution node. Iterative deepening depth-first search avoids the latter drawback at the price of exploring the tree's top parts over and over again. On the other hand, both depth-first algorithms get along without extra memory.
Breadth-first search can be generalized to graphs, when the start node (sometimes referred to as a 'search key') is explicitly given, and precautions are taken against following a vertex twice.
BFS and its application in finding connected components of graphs were invented in 1945 by Konrad Zuse, in his (rejected) Ph.D. thesis on the Plankalkül programming language, but this was not published until 1972. It was reinvented in 1959 by Edward F. Moore, who used it to find the shortest path out of a maze, and later developed by C. Y. Lee into a wire routing algorithm (published 1961).
Pseudocode
Input: A graph and a starting vertex of
Output: Goal state. The parent links trace the shortest path back to
1 procedure BFS(G, root) is
2 let Q be a queue
3 label root as explored
4 Q.enqueue(root)
5 while Q is not empty do
6 v := Q.dequeue()
7 if v is the goal then
8 return v
9 for all edges from v to w in G.adjacentEdges(v) do
10 if w is not labeled as explored then
11 labels w as explored
12 Q.enqueue(w)
More details
This non-recursive implementation is similar to the non-recursive implementation of depth-first search, but differs from it in two ways:
it uses a queue (First In First Out) instead of a stack and
it checks whether a vertex has been explored before enqueueing the vertex rather than delaying this check until the vertex is dequeued from the queue.
If is a tree, replacing the queue of this breadth-first search algorithm with a stack will yield a depth-first search algorithm. For general graphs, replacing the stack of the iterative depth-first search implementation with a queue would also produce a breadth-first search algorithm, although a somewhat nonstandard one.
The Q queue contains the frontier along which the algorithm is currently searching.
Nodes can be labelled as explored by storing them in a set, or by an attribute on each node, depending on the implementation.
Note that the word node is usually interchangeable with the word vertex.
The parent attribute of each node is useful for accessing the nodes in the shortest path, for example by backtracking from the destination node up to the starting node, once the BFS has been run, and the predecessors nodes have been set.
Breadth-first search produces a so-called breadth first tree. You can see how a breadth first tree looks in the following example.
Example
The following is an example of the breadth-first tree obtained by running a BFS on German cities starting from Frankfurt:
Analysis
Time and space complexity
The time complexity can be expressed as , since every vertex and every edge will be explored in the worst case. is the number of vertices and is the number of edges in the graph.
Note that may vary between and , depending on how sparse the input graph is.
When the number of vertices in the graph is known ahead of time, and additional data structures are used to determine which vertices have already been added to the queue, the space complexity can be expressed as , where is the number of vertices. This is in addition to the space
required for the graph itself, which may vary depending on the graph representation used by an implementation of the algorithm.
When working with graphs that are too large to store explicitly (or infinite), it is more practical to describe the complexity of breadth-first search in different terms: to find the nodes that are at distance from the start node (measured in number of edge traversals), BFS takes time and memory, where is the "branching factor" of the graph (the average out-degree).
Completeness
In the analysis of algorithms, the input to breadth-first search is assumed to be a finite graph, represented as an adjacency list, adjacency matrix, or similar representation. However, in the application of graph traversal methods in artificial intelligence the input may be an implicit representation of an infinite graph. In this context, a search method is described as being complete if it is guaranteed to find a goal state if one exists. Breadth-first search is complete, but depth-first search is not. When applied to infinite graphs represented implicitly, breadth-first search will eventually find the goal state, but depth first search may get lost in parts of the graph that have no goal state and never return.
BFS ordering
An enumeration of the vertices of a graph is said to be a BFS ordering if it is the possible output of the application of BFS to this graph.
Let be a graph with vertices. Recall that is the set of neighbors of .
Let be a list of distinct elements of , for , let be the least such that is a neighbor of , if such a exists, and be otherwise.
Let be an enumeration of the vertices of .
The enumeration is said to be a BFS ordering (with source ) if, for all , is the vertex such that is minimal. Equivalently, is a BFS ordering if, for all with , there exists a neighbor of such that .
Applications
Breadth-first search can be used to solve many problems in graph theory, for example:
Copying garbage collection, Cheney's algorithm
Finding the shortest path between two nodes u and v, with path length measured by number of edges (an advantage over depth-first search)
(Reverse) Cuthill–McKee mesh numbering
Ford–Fulkerson method for computing the maximum flow in a flow network
Serialization/Deserialization of a binary tree vs serialization in sorted order, allows the tree to be re-constructed in an efficient manner.
Construction of the failure function of the Aho-Corasick pattern matcher.
Testing bipartiteness of a graph.
Implementing parallel algorithms for computing a graph's transitive closure.
See also
Depth-first search
Iterative deepening depth-first search
Level structure
Lexicographic breadth-first search
Parallel breadth-first search
References
External links
Open Data Structures - Section 12.3.1 - Breadth-First Search, Pat Morin
Graph algorithms
Search algorithms
Franz Osten (23 December 1876 in Munich – 2 December 1956) was a Bavarian filmmaker who along with Himansu Rai was among the first retainers of Bombay Talkies. Osten partnered with Rai on a number of India's earliest blockbuster films like Achhut Kanya and Jeevan Naiya.
Early life
Osten was born Franz Ostermayr in Munich on 23 December 1876. He trained to be a photographer like his father and gave acting a try. In 1907, he founded a traveling cinema called the "Original Physograph Company" with his brother Peter Ostermayr, who later established the predecessor to Bavaria Film Studios, today one of Germany's largest film studios. Amongst other films, he showed Life in India, a short documentary film about the Munich carnival. The run was not very successful: three days after the opening, the projector exploded in flames. Osten decided to make films and in 1911 directed his first feature, Erna Valeska. His career was interrupted by the start of the First World War. He worked first as a correspondent, then became a soldier. After the war Osten made peasant dramas like The War of the Oxen and Chain of Guilt for EMELKA in Munich.
Filmography
Franz Osten's silent films tell varieties of Indian stories. The Light of Asia (1925) dealt with the life of Buddha. Shiraz (1928) dramatises the events that led to the construction of the Taj Mahal. A Throw of Dice (1929) was based on myths and legends drawn from Indian epic Mahabharata. These movies contributed to increasing the understanding of eastern religions and offered visual splendour and escapism, featuring live elephants in festive decoration and utilising thousands of extras.
Since early 2000s, there has been a revived interest in silent films in general and the trilogy of Osten are in focus. Shiraz was shown at the Castro Theatre at the San Francisco Silent Film Festival in 2002, Prem Sanyas at the same festival in 2005, and A Throw of Dice in 2008. Prapancha Pash was re-released in 2006.
Director (Indian Films)
Prem Sanyas (1925) / Die Leuchte Asiens (German title) / The Light of Asia (English Title)
Shiraz (1928) / Das Grabmal einer großen Liebe (German title)
Prapancha Pash (1929) / Schicksalswürfel (German title) / A Throw of Dice (English Title)
Jawani Ki Hawa (1935)
Achhut Kanya (1936) / Die Unberührbare (German title) / Untouchable Girl (English title)
Janmabhoomi (1936)
Jeevan Naiya (1936)
Mamta and Miya Aur Biwi" (1936)
Izzat (1937)
Jeevan Prabhat (1937)
Prem Kahani (1937)
Savitri (1937)
Bhabhi (1938)
Nirmala (1938)
Vachan (1938)
Durga (1939)
Kangan (1939)
The Light of AsiaThe Light of Asia was a unique collaboration which managed to satisfy the tastes of both German and Indian audiences began in 1924. The 28-year-old Indian solicitor Himansu Rai came to Munich in search of partners for series of films on world religions. He had studied law in Calcutta and London where as a student of Nobel Prize winner Rabindranath Tagore he had also directed a theatre group that promised to revive Indian acting and theatre traditions. He had heard that the passion plays of Oberammergau were a showcase for German culture and now wanted to create the Indian equivalent.
The Germans were to provide equipment, camera crew and the director, Franz Osten; Rai would provide the script, the actors, locations and all the capital necessary. On 26 February 1925, Osten and Rai, together with their cameramen, Willi Kiermeier and Josef Wirsching, and comedian Bertl Schultes as interpreter, boarded a ship for India. On 18 March they arrived in Bombay. There Osten began to shoot his first Indian film, Prem Sanyas – Die Leuchte Asiens-The Light of Asia, the first German–Indian co-production. The film tells the story of Prince Gautama Buddha, who according to an omen will "follow the sad and lowly path of self denial and pious pain" if he ever faces old age, sickness or death. To prevent this, the King keeps him imprisoned behind the high walls of his palace. One day Gautama leaves his golden cage and is confronted with human misery. At night a revelation comes to him in a dream. A mysterious voice bids him to choose between the carefree life with his beloved wife Gopa and a life in pursuit of eternal truth. In the early morning hours Gautama leaves the court of the King. Attacking common religious practices of sacrifice and self-humiliation, he soon builds up a sizeable following. A young woman kneels before him asking to be received amongst his followers. The woman is Gopa.
In India the film was rejected for lack of credibility. The cost of 171,423 Rupees was ten times that of an average Indian film. Even after amendments in the contract with EMELKA, the film lost Rs 50,000. In the United States the film lacked success as "motion picture audiences in America do not care to pay an admission fee to see a prince become a beggar.
Selected filmography
Director (German Films)
The War of the Oxen (1920)
The Monastery's Hunter (1920)
The Night of Decision (1920)
The Black Face (1921)
The Terror of the Sea (1924)
The Tragedy of a Night of Passion (1924)
A Song from Days of Youth (1925)
Little Inge and Her Three Fathers (1926)
The Seventh Son (1926)
Break-in (1927)
The Lady in Black (1928)
The Eccentric (1929)
The Judas of Tyrol (1933)
At the Strasbourg'' (1934)
References
External links
Franz Osten's 'the Light of Asia'
1876 births
1956 deaths
Film directors from Munich
Hindi-language film directors
Stanger Manor Secondary School is a public high school located in Stanger / KwaDukuza on the north coast of South Africa.
Academic history
The portals of Stanger Manor Secondary were opened to its first set of pupils on 21 July 1980. The first batch of matriculants sat for the Senior Certificate Examination in December 1983. The percentage pass was 82%. The percentage pass rate progressively improved to 97.5% in 1987. The number of distinctions also increased over the years and in 1987 Basil Dhaniram came twelfth in the top twenty among all the candidates in South Africa. Raveen Parbhoosing obtained the highest marks from amongst the candidates in the House of Delegates Science Olympiad and winning a sponsored trip to London to attend the Science Conference. In 1988 Camantha Reddy obtained the highest marks in the home Economics Olympiad, and the school has since been producing among the top candidates.
During the 1990s, the school celebrated 10 years since it first opened; the occasion was marked by having a celebration day at school. In these 10 years other than academic achievement the school has also produced athletes with students over the years being selected to represent Natal and South Africa in their respective categories. The physical facilities at the school have undergone upgrades over the years, including a double tennis court, a double cricket net, a Basketball/Volleyball court and a swimming pool which are the most notable improvements.
In 2005, the school celebrated 25 years since it first opened. The occasion was marked by having a celebration day at school.
In 2007, the top five learners of the top 10 in the Ilembe region were from the school, something which no other school in the region has ever done before, with the top five learners averaging close to a 100% aggregate, and a total of 8 out of the top ten were of the school. The class of 2007's performance has won the school a sponsorship from The Anglo American Mathematics Trust, which paid for a state of the art mathematics center which was completed in 2009; The school also allows other schools in the district to make use of it as an educational aid to learners.
In 2008, the school was again one of the best performing schools under the new curriculum statement, and the learners again featured in the top achievers among the Ilembe region, featuring 3rd, 4th and fifth, with the school gaining special praise from the department of education officials.
Since the beginning in 1980 the school has produced some of the finest learners out of all the schools in South Africa, who have contributed to the development of the country in different fields. The school continues to out perform more affluent schools which is indicative of the school's belief that with dedication there is nothing impossible, Stanger Manor Secondary are leaders in Quality Education among government schools in South Africa.
In 2011 the school once again achieved the top 5 Matrics in the Ilembe region. In 2012 the schools Matrics achieved the second, third and fourth positions in the Ilembe region. The matric class of 2018 brought huge accolades to the school. The school achieved first, third, fifth and eight position in the Ilembe district.
Sport
The school has a tennis court, netball field, football field, volleyball field and swimming pool.
The school does especially well in cricket and its sport achievements are usually featured in local newspapers.
Participation in International Conference
Every year one or more students from the school are chosen to attend an international conference that is held in various parts of the world, mainly European countries, including the UK and Sweden and Germany.
Management
The school runs with a 5-day six period cycles which is only changed to accommodate contextual factors such as attrition etc.
Curriculum
All lessons are conducted in English. (Except for lessons in the Additional Languages).
Each learner throughout the school(grades 8-12) are required to learn a minimum of 7 different subjects, most of which are compulsory. A learner in the higher grades(10-12) may choose additional extra subjects(up to 3) which are not part of the chosen course. Learners may either choose Afrikaans or Zulu as their 1st additional language.
The grade 8 and 9 subjects are a set list of:
English(Language, literature and writing),
Mathematics,
Afrikaans or Zulu(Language, literature and writing),
Life Orientation,
Technology,
Social Sciences,
Natural Sciences
and Creative Arts
The higher grade(10-12) subjects are chosen by a course selection or by high number of subject requests. Subjects are:
Compulsory:
English(Language, literature and writing),
Afrikaans or Zulu(Language, literature and writing),
Mathematics or Mathematics literacy
and Life Orientation.
Student Selections:
Physical Science,
Life Science,
Accounting,
Information Technology,
Engineering Graphics and Design,
Geography,
Travel and Tourism
and Consumer Studies.
The school has over forty classrooms and specialized rooms include the Science Lab, Biology Lab, Consumer Studies room, Library, I.T. (Computer) room, Mathematics Center and two Engineering Graphics and Design rooms.
The five major blocks in the school are the Junior Block, the Senior Block, Science Block, Heads of Department (H.O.D.) Block and Technical Drawing (T.D.) Block.
In 2012/2013 the Department of Education (South Africa) announced that all South African schools will now follow the Curriculum Assessment Policy Statements (CAPS) curriculum.
Notable people
References
Manoria Bochure 1980-1990 10th Anniversary Edition
Educational institutions established in 1980
High schools in South Africa
Schools in KwaZulu-Natal
English was also introduced in Stanger Manor High School on 2 May 2007 nearly 588 people to witnessed it.By Nosi.
John Mayo (died 1676) was a Puritan minister in pre-revolutionary Boston, Massachusetts. He was the first minister of Old North Church, also known as Second Church or Paul Revere's Church. This is the Old North Church that was in North Square (across the street from what became Paul Revere's house) until the church was dismantled and used by the British for firewood during the occupation of Boston during the Revolutionary War.
Biography
Early life
John Mayo was born in England and educated at Magdalen College, Oxford. While in England he was banned by the authorities from preaching publicly and was employed as a chaplain by William Fiennes, 1st Viscount Saye and Sele. He married his wife Tamisen Brike in England and had five children: Samuel, Hannah, Elizabeth, Nathaniel and John. The family came to New England in 1638 or 1639. He became a teacher at a church at Barnstable in Plymouth Colony, and was admitted a freeman on March 3, 1639-40 by the General Court in Plymouth. He moved to Eastham, Plymouth Colony around 1644, becoming the minister at a church that was gathered in that town. There he remained until 1655 when he was called to become pastor of the Old North Church in Boston.
Old North Meeting House (the Second Church of Boston)
Reverend Mayo was installed November 9, 1655. He preached the election sermon before the General Court of Massachusetts in 1658. He also served as an Overseer of Harvard College and the Boston Latin School. Already well advanced in years when he assumed the pastorate, Mayo grew very infirm later in his service and the congregation had difficulty hearing his sermons. He served until 1673 when Increase Mather took over. Mayo lived in a brick house on Hanover Street which was later occupied by Cotton Mather.
Later life
After retiring, Mayo went to his daughter's home and died in 1676 in Yarmouth, Massachusetts. His widow Tamisen died February 3, 1682.
Notable descendants
George H. W. Bush - 41st President of the United States
George W. Bush - 43rd President of the United States
References
External links
Mayo Family website
Rambles Around Boston
People from colonial Boston
1676 deaths
Year of birth missing
People from North End, Boston
17th-century New England Puritan ministers
17th century in Boston
Chemparathy () is a 1972 Malayalam-language film directed by P. N. Menon and written by Malayattoor Ramakrishnan. It was produced by S. K. Nair (S. Krishnan Nair), a famous literary personality and the founder of Malayalanadu weekly. It stars Madhu along with newcomers Roja Ramani, Raghavan and Sudheer in major roles. The film was an adaptation of Malayattoor's short story Lodge. Noted filmmaker Bharathan made his cinematic debut as an art director in the film.
The film was a notable critical and commercial success upon release. The film won two awards at the inaugural Filmfare Awards South for Best Film - Malayalam and Best Actress - Malayalam. The film also won one Kerala State Film Award for Second Best Film. The film was remade in Tamil as Paruva Kaalam in 1974 with Roja Ramani repeating her role and Kamal Haasan playing the male lead and also in Telugu as Kanne Vayasu.
Plot summary
Santha (Roja Ramani) is a cheerful girl who is working in a lodge as a sweeper. She is favourite to everyone in the lodge. Dinesh (Raghavan) is in love with this girl. But one day Santha is found dead in the nearby well. Police start investigation and at first arrest Balachandran (Madhu) as suspect. But later Dinesh confess to police that Rajappan (Sudheer), a rich guy living in this same lodge is the reason for Santha's death. Rajappan raped Santha and when she become pregnant he killed her. After Santha's death her memories haunt Dinesh and he kills Rajappan and surrender to police .
Cast
Madhu as Balachandran
Raghavan as Dinesh
Roja Ramani as Santha
Sudheer as Rajappan
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Sankaran
Rani Chandra
Adoor Bhavani as Santha's mother
Sankaradi
Adoor Bhasi as Bhasi
Bahadoor
Kuthiravattom Pappu
Paravoor Bharathan
Balan K. Nair
Janardhanan
Radhamani
Sudharma
Pathma
P. O. Thomas
Pathiyil Madhavan (guest)
Vaidyar K. R. Velappan Pillai
Soundtrack
Awards
Filmfare Awards South
Best Film - Malayalam - S. K. Nair
Best Actress - Malayalam - Roja Ramani, before the film released her screen name was Shobhana.
Kerala State Film Awards
Second Best Film - S. K. Nair and P. N. Menon
References
External links
Works by Malayattoor Ramakrishnan
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films shot in Kollam
Malayalam films remade in other languages
Films directed by P. N. Menon (director)
Inquilabi Communist Sangathan was a Trotskyist organisation in India. Formed through the merger of the Communist League and the Bolshevik Leninist Group, it was set up in 1984. In the early years it had state units and members in ten provinces of India, and significant mass work. From the 1990s, there was a decline, partly because many of its members were unable to do serious teamwork; and partly because the dogmatic style of Magan Desai, a powerful figure in the strongest state unit, Gujarat, clashed with other members who wanted a more open and non-sectarian functioning. In addition, many ex-Stalinist and ex-Maoists were recruited, and one faction in West Bengal showed that they had simply replaced the Stalin-Mao cult by the Trotsky cult. By the end of the 1990s, the ICS was a much shrunken organisation. The final crisis came after the Gujarat carnage of 2002, when a faction around Desai attacked the most well-known anti-communal and civil rights activist members of the party as self-seeking individuals. The Conference of 2003 saw Gujarat, led by Desai, rejecting a delegate session, so it was unclear how many members were actually in ICS. The West Bengal unit, along with several Gujarat members, left. It is uncertain whether Desai had an actual majority with him, but he continued to call his rump organisation ICS. Their last public activity was a hostile intervention into the World Social Forum of Mumbai 2004. Those who had split subsequently set up an organisation, Radical Socialist.
Origins
In the early 1980s, there were two Trotskyist organisations affirming support to the USFI, its official section Communist League, successor to the Socialist Workers Party, and the Bolshevik-Leninist Group. The BLG was formed by former CL members, along with some Trotskyists recruited in Britain or the US who had returned to India. Participation in the Bombay textile strike drew the groups closer, and also subjected them to public scrutiny regarding why two distinct groups existed. In 1982, the CL held a Conference in Santipur, West Bengal, which saw it revive from the crisis that had been caused by the split and individual exits between 1975 and 1979. Between 1982 and 1984 there were joint activities between the CL and the BLG, which resulted in the formation of the Inquilabi Communist Sangathan at a conference in Bombay in 1984.
The Early Years
The united organisation decided not to have a General Secretary, and instead elected a Central Committee and a smaller Central Secretariat. Important leaders included Achin Vanaik, Magan Desai, Thakore Shah, Amar Jesani, Vibhuti Patel, Somendra Kumar, Jagabandhu Chattopadhyay and Kunal Chattopadhyay. Vanaik edited Marxist Outlook, Kumar edited the Hindi Majdoor Jang, and Kunal Chattopadhyay edited the Bangla Naya Antarjatik.
Between 1985 and the beginning of the 1990s, the ICS had units in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Kerala, West Bengal, UP, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, and members at large in Tamil Nadu, Jammu and Kashmir, Delhi, etc. It was involved in considerable trade union work, in political campaigns around reservations, in anti-communal activities, and in the women's movements.
The crucial political documents adopted by the ICS in the early period were The Rajiv Era, an early appraisal of the changing strategy of Indian capitalism and its willingness to open up the economy, and a major attempt to analyse the necessity of affirmative action beyond Dalits. Another document was on the changing nature of communalism and communal violence, which argued that communalism was moving from the fringes to the centre of Indian politics. A major organisational document dealt with the relationship between party, responsibility of members, and of mass organisations.
Crisis in the 1990s
During the 1990s the ICS declined. A number of factors were involved. The ICS had talented activists, who however often could not work as a team. Secondly, two styles of work repeatedly clashed—one led by Magan Desai, for whom party work meant taking "basic" Trotskyist ideas and texts and formulae into every struggle, and others like Vanaik, Rohit Prajapati, and others, for whom mass movement participation was crucial. Third, the recruitment of a significant number of ex-Maoists in West Bengal resulted in a Mao-Stalinist political culture being imported into the organisation. By the late 1990s, Patel, Jesani, Vanaik, had all left the organisation, the ex-Maoists had split to form a formally orthodox Trotskyist group that denounced the USFI.
The Gujarat Communalist Carnage, the ICS Resistance, and the Final Split
In 2002, the ICS played a tremendous role in campaigns over the Gujarat communal massacres. But this in turn intensified conflicts, with one wing arguing that communalism was reducible to an economic determinist analysis, and also arguing that the other side, in campaigning for secularism, had been projecting individuals rather than the party. Thus, in 2002, the ICS brought out the first major book documenting the Gujarat violence anywhere in India (The Genocidal Pogrom in Gujarat: Anatomy of Indian Fascism), and Prajapati and Trupti Shah in Vadodara played key roles in PUCL's documentation of the violence in Gujarat. Yet by the end of 2002 Prajapati had resigned from the ICS. Another factor in this conflict was a debate over the relationship between environmental struggles and class struggle. The 2003 ICS conference in Vadodara saw the entire West Bengal delegation walking out, along with Trupti Shah. What was left of the ICS was confined to Vadodara. The last major public activity of the ICS was its opposition to the World Social Forum 2004 and support for the mainly Naxalite-backed Mumbai Resistance, for which it brought out a major leaflet.
The West Bengal-based Trotskyists who had left ICS in 2003 regrouped in 2008 to form Radical Socialist. This organisation brings out a Bengali journal Radical, and has a website www.radicalsocialist.in. Its members are active in forest rights struggles, trade union struggles, women's movements, and student-youth work. Prajapati, Shah, and a few other Gujarat members are also associated with Radical Socialist.
External links
The Main Enemy is At Home
Gujarat Riots: Against Communalism and State Complicity
Magan Desai 1929-2012
Defunct communist parties in India
Trotskyist organisations in India
Political parties established in 1984
1984 establishments in India
Political parties with year of disestablishment missing
Marijn de Kler (born 18 April 1994 in the Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer.
References
Dutch footballers
Living people
Association football defenders
1994 births
Achilles '29 players
Heracles Almelo players
FC Spartak Vladikavkaz () was a Russian football club based in Vladikavkaz (formerly Ordzhonikidze), North Ossetia–Alania. Founded in 1921, the club played in the Soviet Top League during the communist era, and won its first and only league title in the 1995 Russian Top League.
History
At dissolution of the Soviet Union, Spartak Vladikavkaz were the only non-Muscovite Russian club competing in the old Soviet Top League. This had been their second and last season in the STL. Before that the only other season they competed in the top Soviet division was in 1970.
Their most successful season was 1995 when they managed to win the Russian Premier League champions title after several years of domination by Spartak Moscow. They were the first non-Muscovite Russian club to win the title since Zenit St Petersburg won the STL in 1984. The team had previously won a silver medal for second place in 1992 and 1996. However, in the qualification stages of the UEFA Champions League Alania lost 10–3 on aggregate to the Scottish club Rangers.
However, after departure of manager Valery Gazzaev and several players from the club, Alania were not able to repeat its success, finishing in the bottom half of the table.
Previously, the club was known as Spartak Ordzhonikidze (1937–1990), Spartak Vladikavkaz (1990–1994, 2006 and from 2016), Spartak-Alania Vladikavkaz (1995–1996 and 2003), Alania Vladikavkaz (1997–2002, 2004–2005 and from 2007 to 2016).
In season 2005 Alania was relegated from Russian Premier League after 15 seasons of top-flight football.
On 14 February 2006 Alania and another First Division club, Lokomotiv Chita, were denied professional licences by Professional Football League and excluded from professional football for juridical irregularities. On 22 February PFL decided to replace Alania and Lokomotiv with Lada Togliatti and Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk, the runners-up in the Second Division. The Russian Football Union did not endorse the exclusion and on 28 February decided to keep Alania and Lokomotiv in the First Division, giving them another chance to fulfill the league requirements. Consequently, on 6 March PFL decided to extend the First Division from 22 to 24 clubs, including Alania, Lokomotiv, Lada, and Mashuk-KMV.
However, on 20 March the Russian Football Union finally decided to exclude Alania and Lokomotiv from the league. This decision was announced by the Professional Football League on 21 March, five days before the start of the First Division.
Alania underwent reorganization, were renamed Spartak Vladikavkaz and on 4 April were admitted into the Russian Second Division, South zone.
After finishing first in the South Zone of 2nd division in the 2006 the team was promoted to Russian First Division and again renamed to Alania.
In 2009, Alania achieved 3rd place in the Russian First Division, just below the nominal promotion places. However, due to FC Moscow being expelled from the Russian Premier League, Alania were chosen to take their place. Their season back in the top flight was not successful and only Sibir Novosibirsk finished below them, thus going back to the First Division; despite the subsequent withdrawal of Amkar Perm and Saturn Moscow Oblast, Alania was refused a reprieve by the RPL.
In the spring of 2011, Alania qualified for the final of the 2010–11 Russian Cup, where it met PFC CSKA Moscow. CSKA already qualified for the UEFA Champions League spot, and therefore Alania secured a spot in the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League regardless of the final result. That is the second occasion in Russian football history when a second-level division team qualified for European competition (the first one was FC Terek Grozny). Alania achieved a rare feat of reaching the cup final without scoring a single regular-time goal. On three occasions they won a penalty shootout after playing the game with a score of 0–0 and once they received a bye after their opponent team went bankrupt.
In February 2014, Alania pulled out of the 2013–14 Russia First Division, due to financial liquidation and sponsorship problems, and the club was dissolved. Before the 2014–15 season, former Alania's farm club, FC Alania-d Vladikavkaz, was renamed to Alania, and this club participated in the Russian Professional Football League from the 2014–15 season.
Before the 2016–17 season, FC Alania Vladikavkaz that participated in the third-tier Russian Professional Football League was dissolved and a formally new club called FC Spartak was organized again and registered for PFL. PFL did not allow the club to register with 'Alania' in their name due to accumulated debts for the club of that name.
Before the 2019–20 season, a new club was created with the historical name Alania that was privately owned, the team was tasked with returning to the elite of Russian football. However, Spartak Vladikavkaz also remained in the Russian Professional Football League for the 2019–20, where it finished in last place, before being dissolved in the summer of 2020.
European
Honours
Russian Premier League
Winners (1): 1995
Runners-up (2): 1992, 1996
Russian Cup
Runners-up (1): 2010-11
Soviet First League
Winners (2): 1969, 1990
Russian Football National League
Runners-up (1): 2011-12
Soviet Second League / Russian Professional Football League
Winners (2): 1983, 2006
Runners-up (2): 1966, 1982
League history
Soviet Union
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
|- style="background:#efefef;"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Top Scorer (League)
|-
||1960||2nd, RSFSR-3||14||26||3||4||19||26||68||10||-||colspan="2"|-||
|-
||1961||2nd, RSFSR-4||10||24||6||6||12||32||57||18||1/64||colspan="2"|-||
|-
||1962||2nd, RSFSR-3|| style="background:pink;"|8||28||10||6||12||38||36||26||1/128||colspan="2"|-||
|-
||1963||3rd, RSFSR-3||7||30||12||8||10||47||39||32||1/512||colspan="2"|-||
|-
|rowspan="2"|1964||3rd, RSFSR-4||4||34||16||7||11||53||35||39||rowspan="2"|1/512||rowspan="2" colspan="2"|-||
|-
||3rd, RSFSR-final||4||8||3||2||3||9||10||8||
|-
||1965||rowspan="2"|3rd, RSFSR-4||9||38||16||7||15||54||43||39||-||colspan="2"|-||
|-
|rowspan="2"|1966||1||38||22||9||7||80||40||53||rowspan="2"|1/32||rowspan="2" colspan="2"|-||
|-
||3rd, RSFSR-final|| style="background:lightgreen;"|2||7||4||1||2||9||4||9||
|-
||1967||2nd, group 1||16||38||10||11||17||34||45||31||1/32||colspan="2"|-||
|-
||1968||2nd, group 3||2||40||19||12||9||53||29||50||1/64||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Kaishauri: 18
|-
|rowspan="2"|1969||2nd, group 1||1||38||22||12||4||60||25||60||rowspan="2"|1/64||rowspan="2" colspan="2"|-|| rowspan="2" style="text-align:left;"| Papelishvili: 16
|-
||2nd, final|| style="background:lightgreen;"|1||3||2||0||1||4||2||4
|-
||1970||Top League|| style="background:pink;"|17||32||7||8||17||31||48||22||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Kaishauri: 8
|-
||1971||rowspan="11"|2nd||5||42||19||7||16||52||57||45||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Zazroev: 11
|-
||1972||9||38||14||10||14||49||50||38||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Kaishauri: 18
|-
||1973||17||38||13||7||18||29||44||30||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Kaishauri: 7
|-
||1974||17||38||15||4||19||45||67||34||1/32||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Kitaev: 17
|-
||1975||9||38||15||7||16||41||43||37||1/32||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| V. Gazzaev: 14
|-
||1976||15||38||11||14||13||40||50||36||1/32||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Kaishauri: 11
|-
||1977||15||38||11||11||16||38||45||33||1/32||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Khuadonov: 6
|-
||1978||18||38||10||8||20||30||50||28||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Khuadonov: 9
|-
||1979||13||46||19||7||20||49||44||45||group stage||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Suanov, Zazroev: 9
|-
||1980||15||46||17||9||20||43||50||43||group stage||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Khuadonov: 9
|-
||1981|| style="background:pink;"|21||46||14||12||20||36||49||40||group stage||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Y. Gazzaev: 10
|-
|rowspan="2"|1982||3rd, zone 3||1||32||22||6||4||64||18||50||rowspan="2"|-||rowspan="2" colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Y. Gazzaev: 23
|-
||3rd, final-1||2||4||1||2||1||5||4||4||
|-
|rowspan="2"|1983||3rd, zone 3||1||30||23||2||5||69||23||48||rowspan="2"|-||rowspan="2" colspan="2"|-||
|-
||3rd, final-2|| style="background:lightgreen;"|1||4||1||3||0||2||0||5||
|-
||1984||rowspan="7"|2nd||16||42||15||8||19||42||51||38||1/32||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Argudyaev: 13
|-
||1985||16||38||17||4||17||49||52||38||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Ambalov: 12
|-
||1986||16||46||15||12||19||58||66||42||1/64||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Ploshnik: 16
|-
||1987||18||42||12||12||18||37||46||36||1/64||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Gagloev: 8
|-
||1988||13||42||15||9||8||57||60||39||1/32||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Y. Gazzaev: 10
|-
||1989||17||42||12||11||19||44||61||35||1/64||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Y. Gazzaev: 10, Tskhovrebov: 7
|-
||1990|| style="background:lightgreen;"|1||38||24||9||5||73||30||57||1/64||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Tedeev: 23
|-
||1991||Top League||11||30||9||8||13||33||41||26||1/64||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Suleymanov: 13
|-
||1992||-||-||-||-||-||-||-||-||-||1/16||colspan="2"|-||
|}
Russia
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
|- style="background:#efefef;"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Top Scorer (League)
|-
||1992||rowspan="14"|RFPL|| style="background:silver;"|2||26||13||6||7||47||33||32||-||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Suleymanov: 12
|-
||1993||6||34||16||6||12||49||45||38||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Suleymanov, Markhel: 14
|-
||1994||5||30||11||11||8||32||34||33||1/2||UC||R1||align="left"| Suleymanov: 6
|-
||1995|| style="background:gold;"|1||30||22||5||3||63||21||71||1/2||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Kavelashvili: 12
|-
||1996|| style="background:silver;"|2||35||22||6||7||65||37||72||1/16||UC||R1||align="left"| Suleymanov, Tedeev, Kasymov: 11
|-
||1997||10||34||14||4||16||52||42||46||1/8||UC||R1||align="left"| Yanovsky: 13
|-
||1998||8||30||11||7||12||46||39||40||1/2||UC||R1||align="left"| Demetradze: 14
|-
||1999||6||30||12||7||11||54||45||43||1/8||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Demetradze: 21
|-
||2000||10||30||10||8||12||34||36||38||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Tedeev: 10
|-
||2001||11||30||8||8||14||31||47||32||1/16||UC||R1||align="left"| Paolo Emilio: 6
|-
||2002||12||30||8||6||16||31||42||30||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Demetradze, D. Bazaev: 6
|-
||2003||13||30||9||4||17||23||43||31||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Mikholap: 4
|-
||2004||14||30||7||7||16||28||52||28||1/8||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| G. Bazaev, Tudor: 5
|-
||2005|| style="background:pink;"|15||30||5||8||17||27||53||23||1/8||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| D. Bazaev: 9
|-
||2006||3rd, "South"|| style="background:lightgreen;"|1||32||27||3||2||81||20||84||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Dubrovin: 28
|-
||2007||rowspan="3"|2nd||12||42||15||11||16||56||56||56||1/64||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Dubrovin: 19
|-
||2008||10||42||17||8||17||50||41||59||1/32||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Dadu: 18
|-
||2009|| style="background:lightgreen;"|3||38||21||7||10||57||30||70||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Dadu: 12
|-
||2010||RFPL|| style="background:pink;"|15||30||4||8||18||34||58||20|| style="background:silver;"|F||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Gabulov, Marenich: 4
|-
||2011–12 ||2nd|| style="background:lightgreen;"|2||52||28||13||11||66||39||97||1/32||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Bikmaev: 11
|-
||2012–13 ||RFPL|| style="background:pink;"|16||30||4||7||19||26||53||19||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Neco: 9
|-
||2013–14 ||2nd|| style="background:grey;"|12||36||14||4||18||29||52||46||1/16||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Khastsayev: 13
|-
||2014–15 ||rowspan="5"|3rd, "South"||17||20||5||6||9|| |21||33||21 ||1/256||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Burayev: 12
|-
||2015–16 ||style=";"|11||24||4||7||13||15||37||19||1/256||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Sikoyev: 7
|-
||2016–17 ||style=";"|10||30||10||7||13||26||36||37||1/128||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Gatikoev: 8
|-
||2017–18 ||style=";"|13||32||8||8||16||26||41||32||1/256||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Gurtsiev: 5
|-
||2018–19 ||style=";"|10||28||8||6||14||36||48||30||1/64||colspan="2"|-||align="left"| Zhabkin: 8
|-
||2019–20 ||rowspan="5"| ||16||19||1||5||13|| |14||40||8||1/256||colspan="2"|-||align="left"|
|}
Former coaches
Grigoriy Gornostaev (1966–1967)
Mussa Tsalikov (1967)
Andrei Zazroyev (1968–1970)
Kazbek Tuaev (1970)
Sergei Korshunov (1971)
Dmitri Chikhradze (1971)
Andrei Zazroyev (1972)
Ivan Larin (1973)
Kazbek Tuaev (1974–1977)
Viktor Belov (1977–1978)
Mussa Tsalikov (1978–1980)
Andrei Zazroyev (1980–1981)
Aleksandr Kochetkov (1982)
Valeri Maslov (1983)
Ivan Varlamov (1984)
Valeri Ovchinnikov (1985–1986)
Igor Zazroyev (1986–1987)
Oleg Romantsev (1988)
Valeriy Gazzaev (1989–1991)
Nikolay Khudiyev (1991)
Aleksandr Novikov (1992–1993)
Valeriy Gazzaev (1994–1999)
Vladimir Gutsaev (2000)
Aleksandr Averyanov (2000–2001)
Aleksandr Yanovskiy (2001–2002)
Volodymyr Muntyan (2002)
Bakhva Tedeyev (2002)
Revaz Dzodzuashvili (2003)
Nikolay Khudiyev (2003)
Bakhva Tedeyev (2003–2004)
Rolland Courbis (2004–2005)
Yuri Sekinaev (2004)
Bakhva Tedeyev (2005)
Edgar Gess (2005)
Itzhak Shum (2005)
Aleksandr Yanovskiy (2005–2006)
Boris Stukalov (2006–2007)
Stanislav Tskhovrebov (2007-2008)
Valery Petrakov (2009)
Mircea Rednic (2009)
Vladimir Shevchuk (2010–2011)
Vladimir Gazzayev (2011–2012)
Valeriy Gazzaev (2012–2014)
Artur Pagayev (2014–2015)
Zaur Tedeyev (2015–2016)
Fyodor Gagloyev (2016)
Marat Dzoblayev (2016-2017)
Yuri Gazzaev (2018)
Spartak Gogniyev (2019–Current)
Notable players
Soviet Union/Russia
Valeriy Gazzaev
Stanislav Cherchesov
Zaur Khapov
Viktor Bulatov
Vasili Baranov
Victor Onopko
Yuri Kovtun
Artur Pagayev
Bakhva Tedeev
Omari Tetradze
Soslan Dzhanayev
Igor Yanovsky
Spartak Gogniyev
Alan Kasaev
Georgia
Mikhail Kavelashvili
Giorgi Demetradze
Murtaz Shelia
Mikheil Ashvetia
Levan Kobiashvili
Mamuka Kobakhidze
Giorgi Chanturia
Uzbekistan
Mirjalol Qosimov
Hungary
Tamás Priskin
Belarus
Renan Bressan
Tajikistan
Rahmatullo Fuzailov
Ivory Coast
Dacosta Goore
Nigeria
Isaac Okoronkwo
Sani Kaita
Justice Christopher
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Ognjen Vranješ
Zajko Zeba
Vladan Grujić
Lithuania
Deividas Semberas
Burkina Faso
Ibrahim Gnanou
Romania
George Florescu
Cristian Tudor
El Salvador
Rodolfo Zelaya
Netherlands
Royston Drenthe
Azerbaijan
Nazim Suleymanov
Moldova
Sergiu Dadu
New Zealand
Kosta Barbarouses
References
1921 establishments in Russia
2020 establishments in Russia
Association football clubs established in 1921
Association football clubs disestablished in 2020
Defunct football clubs in Russia
Sport in Vladikavkaz
Soviet Top League clubs
The men's 100 metre freestyle competition at the 1999 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 25–26 at the Sydney International Aquatic Centre. The last champion was Michael Klim of Australia.
This race consisted of two lengths of the pool, both lengths being in freestyle.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on August 25.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on August 25.
Final
The final was held on August 26.
References
1999 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
Acronychia pubescens, commonly known as hairy acronychia or hairy aspen, is a species of tall shrub or small tree that is endemic to eastern Australia. It usually has trifoliate leaves, rarely simple leaves, groups of whitish flowers in leaf axils and creamy to yellowish, elliptical to spherical fruit.
Description
Acronychia pubescens is a shrub or tree that typically grows to a height of with a stem diameter of . The trunk is mostly cylindrical, occasionally with flanges at the base. The bark is greyish brown and relatively smooth, the small branchlets golden with downy hair. The leaves are arranged in opposite pairs, usually trifoliate, rarely only simple, the leaflets lance-shaped or elliptical to egg-shaped, long and wide on a petiole long, the leaflets on a petiolule up to long. The top surface of the leaflets is downy, particularly along the mid-rib, but the lower surface is hairier. The hairy leaves distinguish this species from other members of the genus.
The flowers are arranged in cymes long in leaf axils, each flower on a pedicel long. The four sepals are wide, the four petals greenish fawn, long and the eight stamens alternate in length. Flowering and fruiting occurs in most months and the fruit is a fleshy, hairy, ridged elliptical to spherical, creamy to yellowish drupe long that has an acid or turpentine flavour. The fruit contains up to three dark grey or black seeds long and resembling a miniature canoe.
Taxonomy
Hairy acronychia was first described in 1891 by Frederick Manson Bailey who gave it the name Melicope pubescens and published the description in the Botany Bulletin of the Department of Agriculture, Queensland from a collection from the Blackall Range. It gained its current binomial name in 1939 when reclassified by his grandson, Queensland Government Botanist Cyril Tenison White, in the Proceedings of the Royal Society of Queensland. The specific epithet pubescens means hairy, referring to the downy leaves.
Distribution and habitat
Acronychia pubescens ranges from Urunga in northern New South Wales to the Blackall Range in south eastern Queensland. The habitat is of several rainforest types, including subtropical rainforest on red/brown basaltic soils, littoral rainforest and riverine rainforest. It is most often seen in warm temperate rainforest at higher altitudes.
Use in horticulture
Removal of the flesh from the seed is advised for regeneration. Around a half of the seeds may germinate in seven months. Cuttings may also be attempted. Acronychia pubescens requires good drainage, but benefits from extra water and fertiliser when grown in cultivation. Although its fruits are edible, their turpentine taste detracts somewhat from their palatability.
References
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
pubescens
Plants described in 1891
Taxa named by Frederick Manson Bailey
Amana ('Covenant') is an Israeli settlement movement formed by Gush Emunim in 1976. Its primary goal was "developing communities in Judea, Samaria, the Golan Heights, the Galilee, the Negev and Gush Katif." The initial communities it developed were Ofra, Mevo Modi'in, Kedumim, and Ma'aleh Adumim. Settlements developed in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, are illegal under international law.
It became a registered association in 1978. It was also recognized by the World Zionist Organization. Over time, it became nearly independent of Gush Emunim.
An investigation by the Israeli police into 15 land deals conducted by the Amana subsidiary Al Watan concluded early in 2016 that 14 of the transactions were fraudulent. One method used involved giving a suitcase full of cash to a fake Palestinian owner and taking it back afterwards. Al Watan denied the charges.
References
External links
Official website
Religious Zionist organizations
Israeli settlement
Settlement movements in Israel
1976 establishments in Israel
Ulucak, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Luke Weaver is the name of:
Luke Weaver (baseball)
Luke Weaver (footballer)
Twenty Twelve is a BBC television comedy series written and directed by John Morton. Starring Hugh Bonneville, Jessica Hynes and Amelia Bullmore, the programme is a spoof on-location mockumentary following the organisation of the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. It was first broadcast on UK television station BBC Four in March 2011 to coincide with the 500-day countdown to the opening ceremony.
Twenty Twelve gained mainly positive reviews from critics, and a four-part second series was announced on 15 April 2011, which began airing on 30 March 2012 on BBC Two. A further three episodes of series 2 began airing from 10 July 2012. The series' last episode was broadcast on 24 July 2012, three days before the opening ceremony of the London Olympic Games.
Several core characters went on to appear in a sequel, W1A, in 2014.
Plot
The series follows the trials of the management of the fictional Olympic Deliverance Commission (ODC), the body tasked to organise the 2012 London Summer Olympics. Over the series, the ODC have to overcome logistical difficulties, production errors, infrastructure problems and troublesome contributors. The main character is Ian Fletcher, the Head of Deliverance, who is in overall charge of the ODC, and is generally efficient but often has to clean up a PR disaster after the other managers make a mistake. A running thread in series one are the hints that his marriage to a high-flying lawyer is breaking down, which comes to a head in episode six. It is evident that his PA Sally is in love with him, although this remains unspoken.
Meanwhile, Siobhan Sharpe is the excitable, but ultimately clueless Head of Brand through her PR company Perfect Curve. She answers almost every problem with phrases that have almost no substance whatsoever, and never turns her phone off during meetings with the other managers. Consequently, the rest of the managers find her ideas and enthusiastic attitude tiresome, particularly Nick Jowett, Head of Contracts, a blunt Yorkshireman who generally opposes ideas without making alternative suggestions, whilst emphasising that he is from Yorkshire. Jowett briefly becomes Acting Head of Deliverance in Series 2 when Ian Fletcher becomes incapacitated.
Kay Hope, Head of Sustainability, is in charge of sorting out what will happen to the buildings, stadia and other Olympic venues after the games. Hope is emphatic that Legacy is something separate from Sustainability although no one makes any attempt to differentiate these two apparently identical areas. She continually mentions that she is a single mother after a bitter divorce, and is paranoid about her public image. In series two Fi Healey joins the team as a new 'Head of Legacy', and instantly becomes Kay's nemesis due to being younger, ambitious and career savvy; the pair constantly clash. Finally, Head of Infrastructure Graham Hitchens gives the impression that he knows everything about the London transport and traffic systems, but is completely ignorant, has no clue about deadlines and frequently upsets various officials.
Cast
Episodes
Series 1
Series 2
Reviews
Critical reviews
Reviews for episode 1 were mixed, commenting that it was milder in its satire than they expected; Ed Cumming in The Telegraph stated "Perhaps it just needs some time to settle. Though it was very funny in parts, the first episode of Twenty Twelve suggests that the series, like the actual cost of the Olympics, might hit slightly wide of its ample target." Likewise, Sam Wollaston in The Guardian suggested that due to the participation of Seb Coe it was "on song": "Biting satire this isn't. It's nibbling satire, delivered by Garra Rufa fish...The Thick of It is a lot more entertaining...I don't think that politicians were removing their shoes, rolling up their trousers and queuing up for cameos in The Thick of It". Brian Viner, writing in The Independent was more impressed by Coe's cameo; "There is surely no other country in the world that would laugh at itself in this way, even persuading the vast project's principal mover-and-shaker, in our case the Rt Hon Lord Coe KBE, to participate in the joke". He went on to commend the series "...I was hooked anyway, by the mischief in John Morton's script and the beautifully nuanced performances of, in particular, Hugh Bonneville and Jessica Hynes".
Brian Viner, reviewing the series as a whole stated the series was "always amusing and sporadically very funny... It's hard to think of a spoof documentary that has been more fortuitously timed than Twenty Twelve."
Real-life similarities
It was widely commented upon in the press that the day after the broadcast of the first episode, which features problems with the 1,000-day countdown clock, the real-life clock in Trafalgar Square broke soon after it had been launched by Lord Coe and London mayor Boris Johnson.
An additional coincidence occurred when some of the first athletes to arrive in London for the Olympics suffered delays; their bus drivers were unfamiliar with London and unable to find the Olympic Park in scenes that closely resembled the plot of episode 2.
The Games plagiarism accusation
Twenty Twelve has been criticised as bearing a strong resemblance to the Australian mockumentary series The Games, a similar series set before the 2000 Sydney Olympics. Writer of The Games John Clarke said, "We worked very hard on that project and we had long conversations with these people who've now done a show like that in Britain".
The BBC denied claims of plagiarism. "It is a very different show, the only similarities between them are that they are both set around the Olympics," a corporation source said. Clarke's own website later made a reference to the dispute by describing himself and writing partner as "run[ning] a charitable institute supplying formats to British television".
Awards and nominations
The programme was the winner of the Best Sitcom category at the British Comedy Awards 2011, while Jessica Hynes received the Best Comedy Performance award for her role from the Royal Television Society. For his role in Twenty Twelve Osy Ikhile was nominated for "Best TV Comedy Performance" at the Black International Film Festival and Music Video & Screen Awards.
In May 2013, the programme was awarded title of 'Best Sitcom' at the annual BAFTA awards, with star Olivia Colman also picking up the award for 'Best Female Comedy Performance', a category in which co-star Jessica Hynes was also nominated. Hugh Bonneville also received a nomination for his role of Head of Deliverance, Ian Fletcher.
DVD release
On 23 October 2012 BBC Home Entertainment released the entire series in a two-disc DVD set.
Sequel
After the final episode had aired, there was speculation in the media about a third series with the team liaising with the organisation team of the Rio de Janeiro games in 2016, or becoming management consultants. When asked about whether the hit show could return, main star Bonneville said, "Absolutely. They could go and help with the organisation of the Rio Games in 2016...but ultimately, this is a crack team that could go anywhere and manage anything – the City, say, or the armed services. The NHS also needs rebranding. They could get Ian in to announce, 'If health is about anything, it's about managing expectations. We have got to get people to appreciate there are a lot of positive things about ill health. We need to make it sexy'."
A sequel was announced by the BBC in late 2013 and broadcast 19 March to 9 April 2014. Named W1A, it follows Ian Fletcher (Bonneville) and Siobhan Sharpe (Jessica Hynes) as they pursue new careers as part of the BBC management team. A second series was commissioned in September 2014 and broadcast 23 April to 14 May 2015. A third series began airing on 18 September 2017.
See also
Olympic Delivery Authority
London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games
References
External links
2011 British television series debuts
2012 British television series endings
2010s British satirical television series
2012 Summer Olympics
BBC television comedy
English-language television shows
British mockumentary television series
Television shows involved in plagiarism controversies
Corrado Aprili (born 13 November 1964) is a former professional tennis player from Italy.
Biography
Aprili, a right-handed player from Verona, played on the professional circuit in the 1980s. He made the quarter-finals of a Grand Prix event in Palermo in 1986, with wins over Henrik Sundström and Richard Matuszewski, to reach his career best ranking of 108. In 1987 he defeated the top seeded Andrés Gómez at a tournament in Florence. He retired from professional tennis in 1990.
Now a tennis coach, Aprili runs a tennis school in Castel d'Azzano, a town in Verona.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Italian male tennis players
Sportspeople from Verona
Salter is an English occupational surname, meaning a seller of salt. Its other meaning is connected to psalter.
Notable people with this name
Ada Salter (1866–1942), British activist and politician
Adam Salter (died 2009), Australian man killed in a shooting incident
Albert Salter (1816–1874), Canadian surveyor
Alfred Salter (1873–1945), British physician and politician
Andrew Salter (psychologist) (1914–1996), American psychotherapist
Andrew Salter (cricketer) (born 1993), Welsh cricketer
Anna Salter, American psychologist and novelist
Arthur Salter (judge) (1859–1928), British politician and judge
Arthur Salter, 1st Baron Salter (1881–1975), British politician and academic
Ben Salter (born 1977), Australian musician
Bryant Salter (born 1950), American football player
David Salter, English actor and theatre director
David Ian Salter (born 1966), American film editor
Deborah Klimburg-Salter, Austrian art historian
Edward Salter, 17th century, English politician
Ernest James Salter (1897–1959), Canadian airforce pilot
Fannie Salter (1883–1966), American lighthouse keeper
George Salter (1897–1967), American designer
George Salter (cricketer) (1834–1911), UK cricketer
Hans J. Salter (1896–1994), American film composer
Harry Salter (1899–1984), American music director
Herbert Salter (1839–1894), English cricketer
Herbert Edward Salter (1863–1951), English historian and clergyman
Ivor Salter (1925–1991), English actor
Jake Clarke-Salter (born 1997), English football player
James Salter (1925–2015), American writer
James Arthur Salter (1881–1975), British politician and academic
James Salter (swimmer) (born 1976), British freestyle swimmer
Jan Salter (1936–2018), English artist and animal welfare worker
Jo Salter (born 1968), English airforce pilot
Jocelyn Salter (1901–1989), British navy officer
Joe R. Salter (born 1943), American civil servant and politician
Jock Salter (1898–1982), British football professional
John Salter (born 1985), American mixed martial artist
John Henry Salter (1862–1942), English botanist and ornithologist
John W. Salter (1852–1927), American farmer and politician
John William Salter (1820–1869), English naturalist and paleontologist
Joseph Salter (1816–1901), Canadian businessman and politician
June Salter (1932–2001), Australian actress
Justin Salter (born 1984), American musician and record producer
Leionne Salter (1892–1972), American proponent of early 20th century revival movement
Lewis Salter (1926–1989), American physicist
Liam Salter (born 1993), English professional rugby league footballer
Malachy Salter (1715–1781), English merchant and official in the New World
Malcolm Salter (1887–1973), English cricketer
Mary Elizabeth Turner Salter (1856–1938), American soprano and composer
Mandy Salter fictional character in the BBC soap opera EastEnders
Mark Salter (born 1955), American speechwriter
Mark Salter (born 1980), English footballer
Martin Salter (born 1954), UK member of parliament
Mary Jo Salter (born 1954), American poet
Matt Salter (born 1976), English rugby player
Melville J. Salter (1834–1896), American politician
Michael Salter (born 1967), U.S. contemporary artist
Nick Salter (born 1987), Australian football player
Richard Salter (disambiguation), several people, including
Richard Salter (artist) (born 1979), British artist known for his military paintings
Richard Salter (inventor), made the first spring balances in Britain
Richard Salter (singer) (1943–2009), English baritone
Richard Salter (writer), British writer who wrote Doctor Who stories including Short Trips: The Ghosts of Christmas
Robert B. Salter (1924–2010), Canadian pediatric orthopedic surgeon
Robert M. Salter (1920–2011), American engineer
Roberta Semple Salter (1910–2007), American radio personality
Sam Salter (born 1975), American musician and songwriter
Stephen Salter (born 1938), Emeritus Professor of Engineering Design and inventor of the Salter duck
Stephen Salter (architect) (1862–1956), notable architect of Oxford, Maidenhead, and the Isle of Wight
Stephen Salter (politician) (1938–2006), Australian politician
Susanna M. Salter (1860–1961), American politician, first woman mayor in the United States
Tawgs Salter (active since 2006), Canadian songwriter
Terence Macleane Salter (1883–1969), British/South African botanist
Thomas Salter, official name of Tawgs Salter
Timothy Salter (born 1942), English composer, conductor and pianist
Torrey Salter (born 1988), American musician and songwriter
William Salter (disambiguation), several people, including:
William Sawtrey (died 1401), also known as William Salter
William Salter (MP) (died 1404), English politician
William Salter (artist) (1804–1875), English artist
William Salter (minister) (1821–1910), Congregational minister in Iowa, USA
William Mackintire Salter (1853–1931), philosopher and lecturer for the Ethical Culture Society, Chicago, Illinois, USA
References
English-language surnames
Occupational surnames
The Chiostro della Scalzo or (Via Cavour, 69 vicino a Piazza San Marco) is a cloister in Florence, Italy that originally led to a chapel once belonging to a religious company known as the Compagnia del diciplinati di San Giovanni Battista or della Passione di Cristo. The term "scalzo" makes reference to the barefoot brother who carried the Cross during its public processions.
"Compagnia" (English: "company") was the name given to these Florentine congregations of layman who contributed towards defending Roman Catholicism. Each company had a different practice: the "Laudesi" promoted prayer through the singing of hymns, those for the doctrine taught catechism to children, while the charitable companies offered assistance to the poor. The Compagnia della Scalzo was a disciplined confraternity that practiced penance, often in the form of self-flagellation.
The Compagnia della Scalzo was established in 1376, and used the church of San Giovannino dei Cavalieri on the via San Gallo as early as 1390 for its meetings. When the company purchased land behind this church in the first half of the 15th century, it proceeded towards creating its own premises, which included a chapel (consecrated in 1476, but then totally renovated), the cloister and entrance (1478) still visible today. Back in 1455, it underwent a reform approved by the bishop of Florence, Antoninus, who was made saint in 1523 and who is portrayed in the painted terra-cotta bust now placed in front of the former doorway that led to the chapel.
The brothers wore black hoods with holes to see through and a heavy, black over garment tied around the waist with a white cord; such apparel is documented in the polychrome glazed terra-cotta relief depicting St. John the Baptist and Two Brothers (1510 c.) over the entrance to the cloister from via Cavour. Every first Sunday of the month the company organized a procession and every June 24, the festivities in honor of the city's and its own patron saint, John the Baptist, which today see events like the famous fireworks (I fochi di san Giovanni).
The Cloister
The space of the rectangular-shaped cloister was once divided by 6 columns; in bad weather, a straw mat was attached to cover the opening in the slanted roof. Wooden benches lined the walls.
Around 1508-1509, Andrea del Sarto, who was a member of the Scalzo, received a commission from the brothers to paint a series of murals in grisaille, tones of grey, with scenes from the life of St. John the Baptist. He worked on these for many years, interrupting his work on a number of occasions. In 1518-1519, while in France, Andrea was replaced by Francesco di Cristofano who painted two of the scenes. Andrea del Sarto completed the Scalzo cycle in 1526.
In 1722, architect Pietro Giovannozzi made substantial modifications to the original structure by adding the groin vault ceiling, the broken pediments over the doors and the four double columns at the corners. The lunettes that were created from the new vaults were decorated in a style that tried to imitate the 16th-century style of the frescoes. when the company was suppressed in 1786, part of the chapel which opened up on what is today via Cavour and the cloister was acquired by Pietro Leopoldo of Lorraine, Grand Duke of Tuscany, while the rest of the property, which included the church, was put up for sale and refitted for other purposes. The cloister was then under the control of the Accademia di Belle Arti before being taken over by the government which opened the Scalzo to the public in 1891. It remained closed for many years and was finally reopened in 1995, when the detached and restored frescoes were reinstalled.
The Frescoes
The murals comprise twelve scenes from the life of St. John the Baptist and form a narrative that begins to the right of the entrance. The first scene is the Annunciation to Zachary (1523), followed by The Visitation (1524), then The Birth of the Baptist (1526), The Blessing of the Young St. John (1519), Meeting of Jesus and the Young St. John the Baptist in the Desert (1518), The Baptism of the Christ (ca. 1509-1510), The Baptist Preaching to the Crowds (1515), The Baptism of the Crowds (1517), St. John's Capture (1517), The Dance of Salome (1522), The Beheading of St. John the Baptist (1523), and The Presentation of the Head of St. John the Baptist (1523). The date of each scene does not follow the narrative sequence.
The cycle also includes four figures representing Christian virtues into tromp l'oeil niches to look like sculptures: Faith (ca. 1523) and Hope (1523), flank the entrance and carry the Latin inscription "Laudate Dominum in trio sancto eius" ("Praise the Lord in His holy place"), while Charity (ca. 1513) and Justice (1515) flank the former passage way into the chapel with another Latin phrase, "Introbibo in Domum Tuam" ("I shall enter your household").
The narrative scheme is framed by pilasters and cornices decorated with patterns. Such pictorial elements blend with the architecture of the cloister.
The main artist here is Andrea del Sarto (Florence, 1486-1530), whose portrait can be admired in the plaster bust placed over the entrance by Domenico Geri (1724). Andrea was one of the greatest painters of his time and was called by the biographer Giorgio Vasari in his 1568 edition of Lives "a most excellent artist", "without error". Andrea worked in all media - drawings, oil paint and fresco - and received altar piece commissions as well as devotional scenes, portraits as well as mythological subjects. Although he created his own style, he was influenced by Flemish and German prints (e.g. Albrecht Dürer and Lucas van Leyden), antique sculpture, particularly Hellenistic, the great masters of Florentine figurative art (Masaccio, Ghiberti and Ghirlandaio) and the high renaissance style of his contemporaries such as Michelangelo and Raphael.
As in other cases, del Sarto called for the collaboration of fellow artist Francesco di Cristofano, known as Il Franciabigio (Florence, 1424 - ca. 1525), who shared a workshop with him. In the two scenes at the Scalzo by Franciabigio, The Blessing of the Young St. John in the Desert and The Meeting of Jesus and the Young St. John in the Desert, a less formal and more intimate atmosphere is achieved.
Paintings by both these artists are housed in the major state museums in Florence - the Palatine Gallery in Pitti Palace, the Uffizi Gallery, the Museum of Andrea del Sartio's Last Supper at San Salvi, and the Accademia. Other major fresco cycles can be admired at Santissima Annunziata, the in Medici villa at Poggio a Caiano and at San Salvi.
The frescoes were removed using the strappo technique by Leonetto Tintori between February, 1963 and July, 1968. They were exhibited 1968-69 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Rijks museum in Amsterdam, and the Hayward Gallery in London.
Iconography
Important sources for the general design and content of the scenes can be found in the many art works in Florence dedicated to the life of the patron saint of the city. Major works depicting St. John the Baptist can be found in the Baptistry (the mosaics on the vault, the bronze doors by Andrea Pisano, and the great silver altar now in the Museo dell'Opera del Duomo) in the frescoes by Giotto for the Peruzzi Chapel in the church of Santa Croce, those by Filippo Lippi in the cathedral of Prato and, the frescoes by Ghirlandaio for the Chancel, or Tornabuoni Chapel in Santa Maria Novella.
References
Buildings and structures in Florence
1376 establishments in Europe
Confraternities
Church frescos in Florence
Microleroides chinensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Microleroides. It was described by Breuning in 1956.
References
Apomecynini
Beetles described in 1956
Monotypic beetle genera
The South Dakota State Innovation Campus in Brookings, South Dakota was founded in 2006 and is the first research park located in South Dakota. The Innovation Campus aims to foster collaboration and partnerships between South Dakota State University, business, industry and government.
The park covers and is adjacent to Interstate 29 and US Highway 14 Bypass. The first building at the Innovation Campus, the Innovation Center, is a multi-tenant/incubator building. A second building, The Seed Technology Laboratory, will be completed in July 2010.
References
External links
Official website
South Dakota State University
Science parks in the United States
Buildings and structures in Brookings, South Dakota
Textile and clothing trade unions are labor unions that represent workers in the textile industry and garment industry. A partial list is as follows.
International
IndustriALL Global Union (Switzerland)
International Trade Union Confederation (Belgium)
Africa
Southern African Clothing and Textile Workers Union (South Africa)
Asia
All India Jute Textile Workers' Federation (India)
Bengal Chatkal Mazdoor Federation (India)
Bengal Chatkal Mazdoor Union (India)
Bengal Jute Mill Workers' Union (India)
Bengal Provincial Chatkal Mazdoor Union (India)
Bunkar Mahasabha (India)
Coimbatore District Textile Workers Union (India)
Federation of Chatkal Mazdoor Unions (India)
National Committee of the Chinese Financial, Commercial, Light Industry, Textile and Tobacco Workers' Union (People's Republic of China)
National Union of Jute Workers (India)
Pondicherry Textile Labour Union (India)
Powerloom Workers Union (India)
Rashtriya Mill Mazdoor Sangh (India)
Australia
Australian Workers Union (Australia)
Clothing, Laundry and Allied Workers Union of Aotearoa (New Zealand)
Textile, Clothing and Footwear Union of Australia (Australia)
United Voice (Australia)
Europe
Community (United Kingdom)
Fédération française de la couture (France)
GMB (trade union) (United Kingdom)
United Federation of Trade Unions (Norway)
Transport and General Workers Union (United Kingdom)
North America
UNITE HERE (United States)
Workers United (United States)
textile and clothing trade unions
John Timothy Jellicoe (5 January 1842buried 13 June 1914) was a British illustrator who produced large number of illustrations for newspapers and magazines as well as illustrating books and stories by a wide range of authors.
Early life
Jellicoe was born in London on 5 January 1842 to George Daniel Jellicoe (31 May 17998 December 1877), a solicitor's clerk and Ann Thomas (c. 1810October 1875). The census returns show Jellicoe as the second child of his parents. Ann Thomas was his father's second wife, and Jellicoe had a half-sister Harriet Sophia Jellicoe (1828aft. March 1911) and three half-brothers alive when he was born. Jellicoe was baptised on 20 February 1842 in St Mary, Islington, London.
Marriages and family
Jellicoe married Georgina Annie Wiltshire (12 December 184118 October 1872), at Millbrook, Hampshire on 23 May 1868. The couple had one son, George Edward Jellicoe (c. 1872aft. 1924) who became a publisher.
At the time of the 1871 Census, Jellicoe was living at 1 Brook Road, Stoke Newington, London, where his son, George Edward, was born. Georgina died on 18 October 1872. Jellicoe remarried three years later to Charlotte Anne Holland (1845October–November 1913). They had two children Mabel (18771945) and Gordon (18851941).
The 1881 census found Jellicoe living at 2 Grosvenor Park Villas with his wife and two children. His occupation had changed from artist in wood to artist (figures). By 1891 Jellicoe was living at 74 Parkhill Road, Hampstead, where he would remain until 1907 at least. By the 1911 census he was staying at Gondar House, Gondar Gardens in Hampstead. By 1913 he was living at 5 Park Avenue, north of Hampstead.
Works
John studied art in London and began exhibiting in 1865. He exhibited pen and ink drawings, paintings, and watercolours at the Society of British Artists and the Royal Academy. Jellicoe was regarded as an exceptionally fine figure artist and often collaborated with other illustrators by drawing figures into their illustrations of buildings and places.
Periodical Illustrations
Jellicoe was an illustrator for the Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News as well as illustrating for other periodicals including the Illustrated London News, St. Paul's Magazine, The Windsor Magazine, and the boys' papers Union Jack and The Boy's Own Paper.
Illustrations of the Ripon Millenary Festival
Jellicoe attended the Ripon Millenary Festival, held in Ripon, North Yorkshire, in 1886. This was one of the pageants of the late Victorian vogue for Merrie England.
Book illustrations
Jellicoe illustrated books and stories by the following authors (source of the attribution is cited for each author):
Rev. Alfred Allen Brockington (18721938), a schoolmaster, Anglican cleric, poet, and writer on religious topics, mysticism, and school stories.
Charlotte Brontë (18161855), a poet and novelist and the eldest of the three Brontë Sisters.
Robert Browning (18121899), the poet and playwright.
William Boyd Carpenter (18411918), Bishop of Ripon at the time of the Millenary Festival.
Alfred John Church (18291912), a classical scholar who wrote books on the Romans and Greeks, as well as other historical topics.
Mrs. Henry Clarke (18531908), who wrote historical fiction and children's books.
Harry Collingwood (18431922), a writer of boys' adventure fiction, usually in a nautical setting. who wrote boys' adventure fiction, usually in a nautical setting.
Charles Dickens (18121870), for whom Jellicoe illustrated posthumous reissues.
John Finnemore (18631915), who wrote books and stories for younger readers, as well as school textbooks.
Oliver Goldsmith (17281774), the Irish poet and playwright.
M. Y. Halidom (18381914), a pseudonym of Alexander Huth, a writer of supernatural stories who also wrote under the pseudonym Dryasdust.
W. Harrison (1847c. 1895), the printer in Ripon responsible for collating the Record of the Ripon Millenary Festival.
Bernard Heldmann (18571915), a prolific author who published 76 novels and hundreds of short stories.
Mrs. R. E. Henry, primarily a playwright, but also wrote Fairy tales.
G. A. Henty (18321902), a prolific writer of boy's adventure fiction, often set in a historical context, who had himself served in the military and been a war correspondent.
Dr. Johnson (17091784), the famous diarist.
Andrew Lang (18441912), the prolific Scottish author interested in folk and fairy tales.
Mary Cornwall Legh (18571941), a British Anglican missionary.
Emma Leslie (18381909), Emma Boultwood, wrote more than 100 books, mostly juvenile and historical titles with a Christian message.
Winifred Mary Letts (18821972), an English-born writer who spent most of her life in Ireland, writing plays, novels, and children's fiction.
John Leyland (c. 18581924), who wrote guidebooks and books on nautical themes.
Charles Rathbone Low (18371918), an Irishman who served in the Royal Indian Navy and wrote historical works and adventure fiction.
Anne Manning (18071879), who wrote both fiction and non-fiction.
Bessie Marchant (18621941), who wrote adventure fiction featuring young female heroines.
H. R. McEniry, who wrote Twelve Parables of Our Lord, Illustrated and Illuminated.
A. F. Mockler-Ferryman (18561930), a British Army officer who wrote about geography, history, and the military.
Frank Frankfort Moore (18551931), an Irish journalist, playwright, novelist, poet, and biographer.
James Macdonald Oxley (18551907), a Canadian writer of juvenile fiction.
Charles Eyre Pascoe (18421912), who wrote on the stage, travelogues, guides to schools, souvenirs and other works.
Eliza Caroline Phillips (18471923), who wrote illustrated books for small children.
Charles Pond (18561931), comedian who wrote the sketch The Fully Licensed Man, which was recited over 11,000 times.
Robert Richardson (18501901), an Australian poet, writer, and journalist who wrote novels for children, stories for boy's papers, and books about travel.
Charles Napier Robinson (18491938), a Royal Naval officer who on retirement, became a journalist on naval matters and published the journal The Navy and Army Illustrated : a magazine descriptive and illustrative of everyday life in the defensive service of the British Empire..
Thomas Roscoe (17911871), and English author and translator.
Richmond Seeley (18331913), a London publisher who worked with his cousin Alfred John Church to produce illustrated versions of stories from the classics.
John Walter Sherer (18231911), a novelist and a member of the Bengal Civil Service at the time of the Indian Mutiny.
Grace Stebbing (18401936), a prolific author of moral tales for boys and girls as well as historical romances and biographies. She wrote her first book aged 7 and her last one at 91, with 89 books in total as well as numerous short stories.
Clement Strong, who wrote stories for boys papers.
Robert Smith Surtees (18051864), an editor, novelist and sporting writer.
Lord Tennyson (18091892), the Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom during much of Queen Victoria's reign.
Lily Watson (18491932), an English Baptist who wrote novels and instructional works.
Mrs. Henry Wood (18141887), an English novelist who turned to writing to support her family when her husband's business failed, and whose work was widely read in the United States and Australia.
Example of book illustration
While most of Jellicoe's illustrations were line drawings, he did a number of illustrations in colour. The Story of Joan of Arc (1906) was a children's book written by Andrew Lang (31 March 184420 July 1912). The book was published in by T. C. and E. C. Jack in London and Edinburgh. Jellicoe produced eight colour illustrations for the book, one of which (the wounding in battle) was used as a book cover.
Death
Charlotte died in Willesden in October or November 1913, and Jellicoe followed in June 1914. He was buried on 13 June 1914 in the same plot in Hampstead Cemetery where Charlotte had been buried on 4 November.
Notes
References
External links
Note that some links will include works by Admiral John Rushwood Jellicoe, and not just by John Jellicoe.
books by John Jellicoe at the British Library
Books by John Jellicoe at Library Hub Discover (included works by and about Admiral John Jellicoe also).
Books by John Jellicoe at the Internet Archive'' (includes works by Admiral John Jellicoe also).
Digital editions of books illustrated by John Jellicoe in the Osborne Collection of Early Children's Books at the Toronto Public Library.
1842 births
1914 deaths
British illustrators
British male artists
British children's book illustrators
The Jammed Lovely Stakes is a Canadian Thoroughbred horse race run annually in mid November* at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto, Ontario, Restricted to three-Year-Old fillies foaled in the Province of Ontario, it is contested on Polytrack synthetic dirt at a distance of seven furlongs.
Inaugurated at Toronto's now defunct Greenwood Raceway, it was raced there through 1993 after which it was moved to the Woodbine facility. The race was named for the filly, Jammed Lovely, a Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee.
The race is now run earlier on the calendar. In 2016 it ran in the first week of September.
The race was run in two divisions in 1991.
Records
Speed record:
1:21.75 - Ginger Brew (2008)
Most wins by an owner:
3 - Sam-Son Farm (1985, 1988, 2006)
Most wins by a jockey:
4 - Sandy Hawley (1988, 1990, 1992, 1996)
4 - Todd Kabel (1994, 2004, 2005, 2006)
Most wins by a trainer:
4 - Roger Attfield (1983, 1993, 2001, 2016, 2017)
Winners
References
The 2009 Jammed Lovely Stakes at Woodbine Entertainment
Restricted stakes races in Canada
Flat horse races for three-year-old fillies
Woodbine Racetrack
Recurring sporting events established in 1981
Lillian Covillo (1921 – November 22, 2010) was an American ballet dancer, and with Freidann Parker was co-founder of the professional dance company, Colorado Ballet.
Early dance and education
Covillo's first exposure to dance came at age eight, when for weeks she watched ballet classes through garden-level windows at Denver's St. Philomena parochial school. On a snowy day, teacher Lucille Brush beckoned her inside, offered the use of ballet slippers, tights and a tunic, and invited her to take a class. Several years later, prior to Brush's marriage, she gave her dance studio to Covillo, who also replaced Brush as the teacher of dance and girls' basketball at Denver's Cathedral Grade School and High School.
Covillo was educated at Loretto Heights College and the University of Denver, and studied dance in Chicago with Bentley Stone and Walter Camryn, in California with Carmelita Maracci, and in Colorado with Martha Wilcox and with modern dance pioneer Hanya Holm.
Partnership with Friedann Parker
While studying and performing with Martha Wilcox's modern dance group, at Denver's Lamont School of Music, Covillo met the modern dancer Freidann Parker, who was teaching at Lamont and at the University of Denver. She invited Parker to teach the younger students at the dance school she'd taken over from Lucille Brush. Covillo and Parker became partners in the school and in a series of dance companies, culminating in the founding of Colorado Ballet.
Covillo began her choreography career in 1940 and 1941, setting ballet pieces for Monsignor Joseph J. Bosetti's Denver Grand Opera Company productions of Aida and Carmen.
Parker and Covillo's first full-length ballet was their own work, The Betrothal, which sold 1,000 tickets, but lost $12,000 when performed at Denver's East High School. They continued both the dance school and their performance company, in spite of early financial losses. They also teamed to choreograph for many musicals and other stage performances at a variety of Denver area venues including the Auditorium Theatre and the Bonfils Theater.
Colorado Concert Ballet and Colorado Ballet
In 1961, the Covillo-Parker Theater Ballet performed their own full-length Firebird on the same bill with George Zoritch's Under Western Skies. Zoritch, formerly a dancer with Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo, urged them to form a non-profit organization, which became Colorado Concert Ballet.
Later, American Ballet Theater veteran Fernand Nault suggested that they'd grown too large to use "concert" in their name. The company became Colorado Ballet in 1978, and was led by Covillo and Parker until it merged with Tampa Ballet in 1987. In 1981, they elevated the company's Ballet Master, William Thompson as Artistic Director, to be followed in 1987 by Martin Fredmann. After the 1987 merger, which lasted only three years, Covillo and Parker retired from daily operation of Colorado Ballet but continued to be involved in its artistic guidance as it became one of America's major regional ballet companies.
Asked in a 2003 interview what had made Colorado Ballet successful, Covillo said, "It was just staying power. Just being in there and through thick, through thin, through heaven and hell. We did it anyway. People said, 'What did you do for a social life?' We both looked at each other, Social life? We rehearsed a lot. We ate hamburgers afterwards. That was really it, to have the desire to have it be what it is today." She added, "Now, we're not responsible for what it is today."
Death
Freidann Parker died in 2002. Lillian Covillo suffered from macular degeneration in her last years, but continued to watch dance performances from the center of the front row. She died November 22, 2010, one month after being feted at Colorado Ballet's fiftieth anniversary celebration.
References
1921 births
2010 deaths
American ballerinas
Ballet choreographers
Ballet teachers
People from Denver
Artists from Colorado
21st-century American women
20th-century American ballet dancers
Václav Rabas (13 November 1885 in Krušovice – 26 October 1954 in Prague) was a Czech painter.
References
1885 births
1954 deaths
Czech male painters
People from Rakovník District
Thandavam is a 2002 Indian Malayalam-language action film directed by Shaji Kailas, written by S. Suresh Babu, and produced by Johny Sagariga. It stars Mohanlal, Kiran Rathod, Nedumudi Venu, Captain Raju, Sai Kumar, Manoj K. Jayan, and Jagadish. Released in 86 centers, Thandavam had the highest opening-day collection at the box office in the history of Malayalam cinema as it was after Industry hit from Mohanlal-Shaji Kailas's Narasimham, although it failed to maintain it further. The film was dubbed into Tamil and released as Erumugam.
Plot
The story centers on Kasinathan, a pragmatic but playful businessman keen on general welfare of his men, and also running a resort and massage parlour as a side business. Kasinathan is the younger brother of Swaminathan, the heir to Valiyamangalam Malika and the head of erstwhile feudal Midhilapuri. Midhilapuri is an idyllic village prospered through judicious use of agriculture as the path to good life. Kasinathan is powerful in his own right and is tipped to succeed influential politician Menon in Kerala politics. Kasinathan has a secret admirer in the form of a mysterious girl who drops messages and love hints every day. But Kasinathan has still better issues to worry about!.
The burning issue of providing drinking water supply to Udayankara colony is time and again sabotaged by Cherpunkal Shankar Das, a wily and unscrupulous politician of the crassest morals who is intent on teaching a lesson to the alleged loyalty of the people who continue to support righteous politicians. The reciprocal justice is carried out by Kasinathan who in a strategic move corners Shankar Das in a compromising position with a serial actress and blackmails him to release permission for water supply in the village. Shankar Das is forced to resign from the cabinet. Ensuing celebration is amply enjoyed in a rain dance song by Kasinathan with all and sundry of his devoted satellites including characters Murugan, Vellapulli Mathachan, Tomi, Basheer, Pushpakumaran etc. Kasinathan's secret lover turns out to be Meenakshi the only sister of his good friend Commissioner Rajeevan.
The upcoming businessman Dasappan Gounder and his henchmen smells an opportunity to market Cola drinks in Midhilapuri and approaches Swaminathan to start a mutually profitable business deal. Swaminathan in his idealist moral sense is staunchly against the endeavour. Disappointed Gounder joins force with Shankar Das and craftily plots death of Swaminathan in a planned operation. The disappearance of Swaminthan moderates Kasinathan to an extent. He decides to don the garb of saviour of Midhilapauri and returns to his Valiyamangalam Malika.
In a chance encounter, Kasinathan learns of the cause of death of his elder brother as planned murder perpetrated by Gounder, DYSP and Shankar Das. This unleashes the beast within him and true to his name, Kasinathan trounces on the hapless Gounder and Shankar Das to a vegetative life death end. Dasappan Gounder is lured to a barn and is thrashed to senselessness by Kasinathan. Meanwhile, Shankar Das is on a self-imposed pilgrimage to gather strength for a showdown with Kasinathan. He is eventually caught in the middle of the Kayakalpa treatment at an ashram and goes mad in the end, a just retribution to a life full of sins and debauched deeds. After sorting out the evil issues, Kasinathan is still troubled by the "gap" and decides to solve this issue once and for all by marrying his sweet heart.
Cast
Mohanlal as Kashinathan
Nedumudi Venu as Swaminathan, Kasinathan elder brother
Kiran Rathod as Meenakshi
Sai Kumar as Cherpunkal Shankar Das
Janardhanan as Menon
Manoj K. Jayan as Dasappan Gounder
Jagadish as Murugan
Jagathy Sreekumar as Vellapulli Mathachan
Babu Antony as Sufi
Vijayakumar as Tomy
Bhavani as Swaminathan's wife
Salim Kumar as Basheer
T. P. Madhavan as Warrier
Maniyanpilla Raju as Pushpakumaran
Captain Raju as Commissioner Rajeevan, Meenakshi's elder brother
Spadikam George as Kuruvila Alex
Sadiq as MLA Jayasingam
C. I. Paul as Raghavan Pillai
Suma Jayaram as Meenakshi's sister-in-law
Krishna and Arun as Children of Swaminathan
Rajendran as Shankar Das's henchman
Abhinayashree as Item girl in the song "Kombedu kuzhaledu"
Music
The film contains five songs composed by M. G. Sreekumar and one by Perumbavoor G. Raveendranath ("Himagiri Nirakal"), with lyrics by Kaithapram Damodaran. The soundtrack album was released by J. S. Audio. The background score was composed by C. Rajamani.
Box office
Released in 86 centers, Thandavam had the highest opening-day collection at the box office in the history of Malayalam cinema, although it failed to maintain it further and ended up as box office disaster as reviews were negative due to repetitive template.
References
External links
Thaandavam songs
2002 films
Films scored by Perumbavoor G. Raveendranath
Films scored by M. G. Sreekumar
2000s Malayalam-language films
Indian action films
Indian gangster films
2000s masala films
2002 action films
Films directed by Shaji Kailas
Commissioner v. Flowers, 326 U.S. 465 (1946), was a Federal income tax case before the Supreme Court of the United States. The Court held that in order to deduct the expense of traveling under § 162 of the Internal Revenue Code, the expense must be incurred while away from home, and must be a reasonable expense necessary or appropriate to the development and pursuit of a trade or business. In this case, the attorney in question could only deduct traveling expenses from her gross income when the railroad's business forced attorney to travel and live temporarily at some place other than the railroad's principal place of business. Where attorney preferred for personal reasons to live in a different state from the location of his employer's principal office, and his duties required frequent trips to that office, the evidence sustained Tax Court's finding that the necessary relation between expenses of such trips and the railroad's business was lacking.
Background
The taxpayer lived and practiced law in Jackson, Mississippi for a railroad. The railroad's home offices were in Mobile, Alabama. The taxpayer was offered a job in Mobile (185 miles from Jackson), but was unwilling to move from Jackson. The taxpayer arranged, with the railroad, to stay in Jackson on the condition that he pay his own traveling expenses between Mobile and Jackson and his own living expenses in both places. The taxpayer deducted the amounts incurred to travel between Jackson and Mobile as traveling expenses under §162(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code.
Opinion of the Court
The Court heard the issue of whether the taxpayer could deduct the costs incurred to travel between Jackson and Mobile from his taxes. The Supreme Court held that the expenses could not be deducted on the ground that the expenses in question had been incurred by the taxpayer for his own convenience rather than for business reasons. The relevant test for deductibility was whether the travel had been motivated by “exigencies of business” or by considerations of personal preference. The court opined, “[t]he facts demonstrate clearly that the expenses were not incurred in the pursuit of the business of the taxpayer's employer, the railroad.” The court further held that the expenses in question “…were incurred solely as the result of the taxpayer's desire to maintain a home in Jackson while working in Mobile, a factor irrelevant to the maintenance and prosecution of the railroad's legal business.” The court determined that the relevant test for deductibility was whether the travel had been motivated by “exigencies of business” or by considerations of personal preference.
Relevant Statutes
Today: 26 U.S.C. § 162(a)(2): [T]raveling expenses (including amounts expended for meals and lodging other than amounts which are lavish or extravagant under the circumstances) while away from home on the pursuit of a trade or business.
Predecessor: (at the time of this case:) 26 U.S.C.S. § 23(a)(1)(A) (1) The expense must be a reasonable and necessary traveling expense, as that term is generally understood. This includes such items as transportation fares and food and lodging expenses incurred while traveling. (2) The expense must be incurred while away from home. (3) The expense must be incurred in pursuit of business.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 326
Chirelstein pp112–115
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Stone Court
United States taxation and revenue case law
1946 in United States case law
Acraea issoria, the yellow coster, is a small, leathery-winged butterfly. This species of the subgenus (Actinote) and the tawny coster (Acraea (acraea) terpsicore) with its sister species (A. (a.) moluccana) and (A. (a.) meyeri) of the nominotypical subgenus, are the only Asiatic representatives of the predominantly African subfamily Acraeinae.
According to George Talbot (Fauna of British India) the race anomala is found in the western Himalayas while the nominate form is from the eastern Himalayas.
Description
Male. Upperside yellow. Fore wing: veins along the costal margin broadly and apical half of those along the terminal margin narrowly black; a broad curved mark along the discocellulars, the apex and terminal margin more or less broadly also black, the last traversed by a series of spots of the ground-colour. Hind wing: apical half of the veins from 1 a to 8, subterminal zigzag and terminal slender lines, black, the subterminal line coalescing with the terminal along the veins. Underside: fore wing ground-colour yellow, getting paler towards apex, the veins conspicuously darker, the black discocellular mark showing through by transparency. Hind wing: ground-colour a delicate pinkish white, the veins conspicuously black; a broad subterminal ochraceous lunular band margined on both inner and outer sides by black lines, and a terminal, slender black line continued along the dorsum. Antennae, head, thorax and abdomen black, the thorax with a little ochraceous yellow pubescence anteriorly; thorax and abdomen beneath black sparingly marked and spotted with very pale ochraceous.
Female. Upperside: ground-colour a paler duller ochraceous yellow than in the male, with similar but broader black markings. Underside: ground-colour duller than in the male, the black markings showing through by transparency.
See also
List of butterflies of India (Nymphalidae)
References
External links
Images representing Acraea issoria, Bold.
Acraea issoria formosana at Pteron
Butterflies of Asia
Butterflies of Indochina
issoria
Butterflies described in 1819
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Ohio's 30th senatorial district has historically been based in the Ohio Valley. It now consists of large swaths of eastern and southeastern Ohio and includes the counties of Carroll, Jefferson, Harrison, Belmont, Noble, Monroe, Washington and Meigs as well as portions of Athens and Vinton counties. It encompasses Ohio House of Representatives districts 94, 95 and 96. It has a Cook PVI of D+6. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Frank Hoagland. He resides in Adena, a city located in Jefferson County.
List of senators
External links
Ohio's 30th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Jacob IV Aouad (or Ya'qub Awwad, Auwad, Aouad, , born in Hasroun, Lebanon - died on 12 February 1733) was a former Eparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Tripoli and the 59th Maronite Patriarch of Antioch from 1705 to his death in 1733. In Latin he is called Iacobus Petrus Evodius Hasruensis.
Life
Jacob Awad was born in Hasroun, Lebanon. He studied in Rome for thirteen years, and at his return in Lebanon he served as secretary of Patriarch Estephan El Douaihy, who consecrated him bishop of Tripoli in 1698. Jacob Awad was elected patriarch on November 6, 1705 by the bishops met in the patriarchal residence of the Qannubin Monastery in Kadisha Valley. His election was confirmed by Pope Clement XI on February 21, 1706 by Papal bull Romans pontificis and Clement XI with the papal brief Cum nos nuper, granted him the pallium on February 8, 1708.
The election of Jacob Awad as patriarch was opposed by a number of bishops, who in the next years built a fierce opposition to him, spreading rumors about inadmissible behavior of the Patriarch in his residence of the Qannubin Monastery. These rumors turned into a large scandal, and finally the bishops, advised by some Latin missionaries, in particular by the Carmelite Elias Giacinto, sent for Jacob Awad and summoned a brief trial in the church of Saint Serge and Bacchus in Rayfoun. Here, in May 1710, Jacob Awad was declared guilty and deposed. In his place the bishop of Saida, Youssef Moubarak Al Rayfouni, was elected patriarch, and Awad was confined in the monastery of Our Lady of Louiaze. However, to fully enforce the decisions taken, it was necessary to obtain the approval of Pope; with this aim the opponents of Awad sent Georges Benjamin bishop of Ehden to Rome. On December 16, 1710 in Rome, contrary to Benjamin's hopes, the Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith ruled in favor of Awad.
The Holy See, surprised with the serious accusations made against the patriarch and unprecedented procedure used by the synod of the Maronite Church ordered that the Custodian of the Holy Land Fra Laurent de Saint-Laurent was sent to Rayfoun, where Youssef Moubarak lived, to restore Awad to the patriarchal see. On August 13, 1711 Jacob Awad was formally reinstated as Patriarch, but during the ceremony he presented his resignation, probably a way to conciliate the decree of Rome with his opponents' will. Youssef Moubarak was so elected Patriarch for the second time. With this maneuver, he tried to hide the forced deposition of the patriarch with a spontaneous discharge, and all with the approval of the Apostolic Delegate. However Jacob Awad had an unexpected support in the French consul in Lebanon, Poullard, that he transferred the patriarch resigned to Sidon under the protection of the French consulate; and from a young Maronite priest stationed in Rome, Giuseppe Simone Assemani. The resignation was examined in Rome by the Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith on February 15, 1712, and they decided to start a trial which lasted till May 8, 1713. The final verdict was to reject Awad's resignation, to reinstall him as Patriarch and to condemn the Carmelite Elias Giacinto who was considered the origin of the false rumors. These decisions were confirmed by Pope Clement XI with papal brief Nationem vestram of 30 June 1713 and easily implemented in Lebanon also because the work of Poullard, who had personally enthroned Awad in the patriarchal residence of Qannubin and the death, on September 8, 1713, of the anti-patriarch Youssef Moubarak; thus in January 1714, Jacob Awad returned to the patriarchal residence in the Qannubin Monastery. The submission and loyalty to the Maronite Church of Rome won him praise directed by Clement XI to entire Maronite nation on 18 August 1714.
Jacob Awad during his patriarchate helped many Catholic Melkites during the persecutions by the Orthodox party after the schism of 1724. After a long pontificate, Yaaqoub Awwad died in the monastery of Mar Challita in Kisrawan on February 12, 1733.
See also
List of Maronite Patriarchs
Maronite Church
Sources
Pierre Dib, v. Maronite (Eglise), https://archive.org/stream/dictionnairedet10pt1vaca#page/n43/mode/2up, Tome Dixième, première partie, Paris 1928, coll. 73–79.
Giuseppe Simone Assemani, https://archive.org/stream/serieschronologi00asseuoft#page/40/mode/2up, Rome 1881, p. 40.
Konrad Eubel, Hierarchia Catholica Medii Aevi, https://archive.org/stream/hierarchiacathol05eubeuoft#page/89/mode/1up, vol. 5, p. 89.
Notes
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bawadj.html
17th-century people of the Ottoman Empire
18th-century people of the Ottoman Empire
1733 deaths
Bishops in the Ottoman Empire
Maronites of the Ottoman Empire
Maronite Patriarchs of Antioch
Year of birth unknown
18th-century Eastern Catholic archbishops
The Hebdomadal Council was the chief executive body for the University of Oxford from its establishment by the Oxford University Act 1854 until its replacement, in the Michaelmas term of 2000, by the new University Council. Chaired by the Vice-Chancellor, the Hebdomadal Council held statutory responsibility for the management of the university's finances and property, university administration, and relations between the university and all outside institutions. Direct responsibility for academic administration was delegated to the General Board of the Faculties, with the Hebdomadal Council holding an oversight role.
Eighteen members of the council were elected by Congregation of the full faculty. In the 1980s, there were also two student observers, one undergraduate and one postgraduate, selected by the Oxford University Student Union and the Oxford University Graduate Union respectively. The students were permitted to speak on agenda items, but not to vote. Hebdomadal Council's agenda was typically in two parts, and the students were asked to leave before the second half of the meeting. The council had the prerogative of initiating resolutions and statutes, which were submitted to Congregation for approval. It met once every two weeks during university terms and twice during the long vacation.
References
Morris, Jan (2001). Oxford. Oxford University Press (). pp. 40–42.
News Pages, Oxford University Gazette, 17 June 1999.
University Acts, Oxford University Gazette, 2 March 2000.
University Agenda, Oxford University Gazette, 23 April 1998.
1854 establishments in England
2000 disestablishments in England
History of the University of Oxford
Organizations established in 1854
Terminology of the University of Oxford
Dragon Bridge may refer to:
Dragon Bridge (Ljubljana) in Ljubljana, Slovenia
Dragon Bridge (Da Nang) in Vietnam
Dragon Bridge (Sha Tin District) (錦龍橋) on Sha Tin Road, Hong Kong
A pedestrian bridge (Drakonov Most) in Alexander Park of Tsarskoe Selo, St. Petersburg, Russia
Cyrill Schmidiger (born 22 June 1978) is a Swiss former footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s. He played mainly in the position as midfielder.
Football career
Schmidiger played his youth football with local amateur club SV Muttenz and advanced to their first team during the summer 1995 and played one season in the 2nd League, the fourth tier of Swiss football.
Schmidiger joined FC Basel's youth system and first team before their 1996–97 FC Basel season, signing a two-year professional contract, under head-coach Karl Engel. He played mainly with the youth or reserve team, but after playing in three test games Schmidiger played his domestic league debut for the club in the home game in the St. Jakob Stadium on 31 May 1997 as Basel won 3–2 against Aarau.
He stayed with the club for one more season, but during this time he was only used as a substitute and therefore he returned to his club of origin. During his time with the club Schmidiger played a total of 16 games for Basel without scoring a goal. Eight of these games were in the Nationalliga A and eight were friendly games.
After playing two more years in the first team with SV Muttenz, who had in the meantime had been promoted to the 1st League, Schmidiger was hired by FC Solothurn, who at that time played in the Nationalliga B. Schmidiger played 21 league games, scoring one goal, for Solothurn. He then transferred to division rivals FC Concordia Basel and played as semi-professional. He played two seasons for Concordia but did not obtain much playing time and so he retired from professional career and again returned to his club of origin, who in the meantime had suffered relegation to the fourth tier. Two years later, at the end of the 2004–05 season, Schmidiger achieved promotion with Muttenz.
He played with their first team at least two more seasons.
Private life
Schmidiger obtained his vocational diploma at the commercial school of business in Liestal in 1997. In 1999 he joined the UBS and worked as customer advisor and became team leader. After his professional football career, he visited a higher technical school for economics for his further education. Since 2014 he is branch manager.
References
Sources
Die ersten 125 Jahre. Publisher: Josef Zindel im Friedrich Reinhardt Verlag, Basel.
Verein "Basler Fussballarchiv" Homepage
SV Muttenz players
FC Basel players
FC Solothurn players
FC Concordia Basel players
Swiss footballers
Association football midfielders
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
1978 births
Living people
William Porter Burrall (September 18, 1806 – March 3, 1874) was an American politician and railroad executive.
Early life
Burrall was born on September 18, 1806 in Canaan, Conn. to Hon. William Morgan Burrall (1779–1856) and Abigail Porter Stoddard (1783–1813), who had married November 4, 1803. His siblings were Elizabeth Burrall (b. 1804), who married Edmond S. Belden, Edward Burrall (1809-1814), and Abigail S. Burrall (1811–1813), who both died young.
His paternal grandparents were William Burrall (1748–1825) and Elizabeth Morgan (1755–1829), of the Morgan family, who married in October 1774.
His mother was the only child of his maternal grandparents, Maj. Luther Stoddard (1746–1804) and Abigail Porter (1763–1797), who married in 1781. His grandmother's father was Dr. Joshua Porter (1730–1825), a 1754 graduate of Yale, fought in the Revolutionary War as a colonel. He was at the head of his regiment in October 1777 when John Burgoyne surrendered his 6,000 men after the Battles of Saratoga. After the war, he was elected to various official positions for forty-eight consecutive years. His maternal grand-uncles included Augustus Porter (1769–1849), a member of the New York State Assembly, and Peter Buell Porter (1773–1844), the United States Secretary of War. After his grandmother's death, his grandfather married Mary Wheeler (1765–1853).
He graduated from Yale College in 1826.
Career
In 1826, immediately upon graduation he began the study of the law with his father, who had served in the Connecticut House of Representatives and Connecticut State Senate. After one year, be entered the office of Hon. Samuel Church (afterwards Chief Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court), in Salisbury, and subsequently attended a course of lectures at the Litchfield Law School, and was admitted to the bar of Litchfield County in April 1829.
He practiced law in his native town until October 1838, when he moved to Bridgeport, Conn., to undertake the Presidency of the Housatonic Railroad Company, then just organized. He held this office until 1852 or 1853, when he resigned in consequence of the pressure of other engagements. He was also connected with the N. Y. and N. H. Railroad during its construction and the earlier years of its operation, and at the same time, and later, with the Illinois Central Railroad, first as treasurer, and afterwards as president.
In 1862, he was chosen Vice-President of the Hartford and New Haven Railroad, and at the death of the President in 1868, succeeded to the vacant office, and finally became Vice-President of the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad, upon the consolidation of the companies. This position he retained with distinguished credit until his sudden death, from apoplexy, in Hartford, March 3, 1874.
Public office
Burrall served as the Mayor of Bridgeport from 1841 until at least 1842. He also served as a member of the Connecticut State Senate, representing the 10th District, in 1851 alongside Dwight Loomis.
After moving from Bridgeport to Salisbury, in 1859, he subsequently represented that town several times in the Connecticut General Assembly, where he had served as Clerk of the Connecticut House of Representatives under Speaker Chauncey Fitch Cleveland.
Personal life
On May 9, 1831, he married his cousin, Harriet Holley (1808–1876), daughter of Sarah "Sally" Porter (1778–1816) and John M. Holley (1777–1836), of Salisbury, Connecticut. Harriet's maternal grandfather was his great-grandfather, Dr. Joshua Porter. They were the parents of six children:
William Holley Burrall (1832–1891)
John Milton Burrall (1834–1880), who married Mary H. Dickinson of Florida in 1872
Elizabeth Maria Burrall (b. 1836)
Sarah Bostwick Burrall (1838–1924), who married Henry Hill Anderson (d. 1896), and moved to New York.
Harriet Holley Burrall (1840–1860), who died unmarried.
Porter Stoddard Burrall (b. 1846), who married Anna E. Croome of Tallahassee, Florida
He died on March 3, 1874 in Hartford, Connecticut and was survived by his wife and five of his six children.
Descendants
His grandson, through his daughter Sarah, was Henry Burrall Anderson (1863–1938), who attended St. Paul's School in New Hampshire, Yale University and Harvard Law School, and who became a prominent lawyer and partner at Anderson, Gesser, Ferris & Anderson.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Litchfield Ledger
1806 births
1874 deaths
People from Canaan, Connecticut
Yale College alumni
Litchfield Law School alumni
Connecticut lawyers
American railroad executives
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Connecticut state senators
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
19th-century American businesspeople
Mayors of Bridgeport, Connecticut
Encelia virginensis is a North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Virgin River brittlebush. This shrub is native to the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico, particularly the Mojave Desert and the Sonoran Desert. It has been found in Baja California, southern California, Nevada, Arizona, southwestern Utah, and southwestern New Mexico.
Encelia virginensis is a bushy, sprawling shrub reaching heights between 100 and 150 cm (40-60 inches). It has many branches, with the younger parts hairy and the older stems developing a thickened bark. The gray-green, fuzzy to hairy foliage may be sparse, appearing pale because of the presence of many small hairs on the surface. Atop many erect, hairy stems are solitary daisy-like flower heads with 11 to 21 ray florets which are generally yellow, and a center of yellow disc florets. The fruit is an achene 5 to 8 millimeters long and usually lacking a pappus.
Varieties
Encelia virginensis var. actonii (Elmer) B.L.Turner - California, Nevada, Baja California
Encelia virginensis var. virginensis - southern California, Nevada, Arizona, southwestern Utah, and southwestern New Mexico
References
External links
Calflora Database: Encelia virginensis (Virgin River brittlebush, Virgin River encelia)
Jepson Manual eFlora (TJM2) treatment of Encelia virginensis
USDA Plants Profile for Encelia virginensis (Virgin River brittlebush)
UC Calphotos gallery of Encelia virginensis
virginensis
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of Baja California
Flora of New Mexico
Flora of the Southwestern United States
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
North American desert flora
Plants described in 1904
Taxa named by Aven Nelson
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Orthodoxy in India may refer to:
Eastern Orthodoxy in India, representing adherents, communities and institutions of various Eastern Orthodox Churches, in India
Oriental Orthodoxy in India, representing adherents, communities and institutions of various Oriental Orthodox Churches, in India
See also
Orthodoxy (disambiguation)
India (disambiguation)
Orthodox Church (disambiguation)
Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil is a village municipality in Drummond Regional County Municipality in the Centre-du-Quebec region of Quebec. The population as of the Canada 2016 Census was 1,557. The community is completely encircled by the parish municipality of Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil.
It is accessible via exit 196 to Highway 20. It is also served by Route 122, which connects Drummondville to Victoriaville
Toponymy
The name of the city comes from an appearance of Mary in the town of Genazzano in 1467. In their 2008 album, La Ligne Orange, Mes Aieux named a song after the village.
History
The history of the municipality of Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil is closely related to the precursor hamlets Carmel, Blake and Mitchell. These experienced prosperity in the second half of the nineteenth century, thanks to sawmills, a brick and railroad. Yet by the end of the last century, they were already on the decline. The canonical incorporation October 21, 1895 and February 7, 1896 calendar of Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil, as well as the inauguration of the first church in 1897 sounded the death knell of the three original cantons which are then incorporated into one. On 15 January 1898 the parish municipality is created.
The first settlers on the site of what became the parish of Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil arrived in 1879. This new settlement grew rapidly through agriculture, the timber industry and operation of gravel pits, which were very numerous in the region.
With the advent of the twentieth century, Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil saw the arrival of electricity, street lighting, telephones and its first industries from the major resources of the region. These contributed to the influx of new residents who came to work in Sintra (Modern Paving and Construction Ltd.), Agropur (1954) and other companies like Nutribec (milling Camirand), Concrete St. Pierre and Piercon Limited.
The people of Good Counsel had to show a lot of character, as the village experienced some disasters. Indeed, on July 11, 1908, a fire destroyed in the space of 35 minutes, Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil as well as Mitchell and Carmel. The latter did not fall but are no longer, as names of the past. For its part, the parish of Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil was rebuilt and the new church was ready to receive the parishioners in 1910. The disasters of spring were hard on the village, with no fewer than five bridges being washed away by ice. However, the major bridge stood solidly for more than 35 years before its replacement with a new one in 2008.
The modern history of the municipality of Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil begins with the municipal incorporation of the village in 1957. Shortly thereafter, in 1960, water and sewer are installed. As a prt of its history, Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil retains some buildings, including the ancestral home of Lambert and the church built in 1910.
Location
Established on a site that is little hilly and traversed by the scenic Nicolet River, the site of Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil has a beneficial location. Identified as one of the poles of the Regional Municipality of the County of Drummond, Bon-Conseil is conveniently located at the crossroads of the main centers of region 04 (Drummondville, Trois-Rivières, Victoriaville) and enjoys an outstanding road network . At the intersection of Route 122 and 259, and close to Autoroute Jean-Lesage (Trans Canada), Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil allows its residents to reach nearly 80% of the population Quebec in just over 60 minutes.
The harmonization of agricultural and urban activities generated a special environment from any point of view. The exploitation of natural resources of the earth has created a strong economic structure. The implementation of a food industry of the largest in North America demonstrates without contradiction to the leadership of the local people. The local infrastructure helped develop a regional hub for services and businesses serving the area and promoting local employment.
Over 2000 people form a vibrant community with a rich and colorful past where the spirit of cooperation and pride always animate Bonconseillois.
Traders, businessmen, industrialists and young families today all look for workplaces and living both stimulating and enjoyable. Recognizing the importance of the environment in our daily activities, wise people move to Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil. And now, thanks to the Youth Service COOP Good Counsel, youth under 18 can enter the world of paid work.
The natural wealth of the region does not only support economic activities, it enhances living spaces and promotes outdoor activities and recreation.
Local Services
The municipality of Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil offers villagers the following luxuries:
Snow removal on streets and sidewalks
Collection of household waste every Friday (every two weeks from November 15 to April 15)
Bulk waste collection twice a year
Collection of recyclable material every two weeks on Fridays
Waterworks and sewer
Wastewater treatment plant
Common fire department
Sûreté du Québec
School crossing guard
Recreation and Community Services
Newspaper "Le Villa-Joie" of Bon-Conseil
Office Municipal d'Habitation
These services are provided in exchange for an active participation in one of the clubs or associations listed below.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
Population trend:
Mother tongue language (2016)
See also
List of village municipalities in Quebec
References
Villages in Quebec
Incorporated places in Centre-du-Québec
Pages translated from French Wikipedia
Songpa Sandae Noli is a type of sandae noli, Korean traditional mask play which has been handed down in the neighborhoods of Songpa-dong and Garak-dong in modern-day Seoul, South Korea. Sandae Noli is a mask dance that developed in Seoul and the mid of metropolitan region.
History
Songpa Sandae Noli began with a cheerful parade called georigut (거리굿) or gilnori (길놀이) as circling around the Songpa Market and nearby town in order to attract people to their performance. The two terms literally mean "street shamanistic ritual" and "street performanace" respectively. When parading, they wore masks and costumes, and played a type of marching music, gilgunak (길군악). With a decorative small flag used by farmers or yeonggi (영기, 令旗) at the head, the performers followed the musicians in procession. After the parade, they used an amulet to ward off misfortune and to wish everyone in the market to have good health and fortune.
Preparation
The performers hold a seomakgosa (서막고사), a kind of jesa, sacrificial rite before the sandaenoli begins. Masks used for the coming performance are placed on a table setting for the jesa along with several varieties of food, and performers pour alcoholic beverages into a bowl and bow toward the table. This rite is to honor the dead and wish them to rest in peace, as well as to expect to have a good performance.
Story
It consists of 12 acts called gwajang (과장, 科場) or madang (마당) in Korean. Songpa sandaenoli candidly depicts conflicts between classes and human nature.
Cultural significance
Songpa Sandae Noli was designated as the 49th item on the list of Important Intangible Cultural Properties of Korea by the South Korean Cultural Heritage Administration in 1973.
Gallery
See also
Talchum
Namsadang nori
Important Intangible Cultural Properties of Korea
References
Further reading
External links
Information and video clip on Songpa Sandae Noli, Seoul Metropolitan Government
Video with highlights from Songpa Sandae Noli, YouTube
[https://web.archive.org/web/20110614020336/http://www.ekoreajournal.net/archive/detail.jsp?BACKFLAG=Y&VOLUMENO=24&BOOKNUM=9&PAPERNUM=5&SEASON=Sep.&YEAR=1984 1984 publication by Cho, Ohkon with the script of Songpa Sandae Noli in English, Korea Journal
Korean dance
Important Intangible Cultural Properties of South Korea
Araneus praesignis is a species of orb-weaving spider found in Queensland, Australia where it is widespread and common in well-vegetated areas. The Atlas of Living Australia shows a record from New South Wales. It has bold black blobs on its rear, perhaps mimicking eyes. In 2014 Carly Brooke Martinetti gave it the common name "Alien Butt Spider" by which it became internationally known. Due to its memorable common name and strange appearance photographs of the spider have appeared in many online blogs and galleries. The purported 2015 sighting from China is of a different species of orb weaver because it has a different pattern of dark patches on the back and the photo does not show the actual alien eyes from which the common name is derived.
Description and taxonomy
Both males ( body length 5 mm) and females (7 mm) of Araneus praesignis have large black decorations on the upper rear (dorsal posterior) of the abdomen, thought to be a case of Batesian mimicry where an animal has markings making it appear larger and more threatening than it really is. The spider was described by Ludwig Koch in Die Arachniden Australiens, 1872.
Biology
Araneus praesignis shelters during the day in a silk-bound retreat made in a non-fully-closed leaf nearby where its web is erected at night. Its food is night-flying insects and other invertebrates. It is harmless to humans and can be handled by people without medical consequences although allergic reactions may be possible.
References
Araneus
Spiders described in 1872
Spiders of Australia
Walter Mulford (September 16, 1877 – September 7, 1955) was an American forester for the state of Connecticut, and a professor. He was the first state forester in the United States.
Biography
He was born on September 16, 1877, in Millville, New Jersey.
He was professor at the University of Michigan (1905–1911), and Cornell University (1911–1914), the latter at which he helped re-establish and lead a department of forestry. In 1914 he came to the University of California, Berkeley, where he served until his retirement in 1947, filling successively the roles of chief of Division of Forestry, chairman of the Department of Forestry, and first dean of the School of Forestry. He served as president of the Society of American Foresters in 1924, of which he was elected fellow in 1939. The University of Michigan bestowed on him an honorary Doctor of Science degree in 1938.
He died on September 7, 1955, at a sanitarium in St. Helena, California at the age of 78.
Legacy
Mulford Hall, constructed for the UC Berkeley School of Forestry (now part of the College of Natural Resources), is named for him.
References
Further reading
External links
1877 births
1955 deaths
American foresters
University of Michigan faculty
Cornell University faculty
University of California, Berkeley faculty
People from Millville, New Jersey
Hong Seong-Yo (born May 26, 1979) is a South Korean football player. He played for Chunnam Dragons, Gwangju Sangmu and Busan I'Park formerly.
External links
South Korean footballers
Konkuk University alumni
1979 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Jeonnam Dragons players
Busan IPark players
The 1961–62 season saw AC Milan compete in Serie A, the Coppa Italia and the Fairs Cup. The club went on to win the Serie A. In the Coppa Italia they were knocked out by Mondena who played in Serie B.
Summary
The 1961–62 season gave way to Nereo Rocco as newly appointed manager and Dino Sani's arrival (replacing Jimmy Greaves in November) that provided President Andrea Rizzoli with the right amount of talent to aim for a championship win.
Young star Gianni Rivera initially struggled to gain playing time under new manager Nereo Rocco during the 1961–62 season, his second at the club, also being linked with loans to Vicenza and Juventus, but won his way back into the starting line-up and played a decisive role, scoring 10 goals in the league. Throughout the season, Rivera formed an important relationship with the legendary manager and catenaccio mastermind; he played a key role in the club's successes under Rocco, who subsequently built a hard-working, winning team around Rivera that complemented the midfielder's creative playing style.
The season started with success at home against Juventus (5-1), and then created an unstoppable winning streak for Milan, that would see them only lose once in twenty-one matches. It would also be a defeat for Juventus back in their own home town that year, as Milan delivered a 4–2 win.
It would seem Rocco's only regret of the 1961–62 season would be in the Milano Derby as Inter won with the result 2–0. In spite of those who accused the father and pioneer of the real catenaccio, Milan gave way to dominate the field with eighty-three goals scored in thirty-four games (an average of 2.4 goals per match) and with thirty-four goals conceded. While Juventus was nowhere near the top contention that year, Inter, Fiorentina, and Bologna were the only true runner-ups for the scudetto race.
That same year, Milan played in the Fourth Inter-Cities Fairs Cup (this was the predecessor of the UEFA Europa League Cup), however, Milan did not go far and lost in the first round against the Yugoslavian team Novi Sud.
Season squad
(Captain)
Transfers
In
Out
Loans
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Matches
Coppa Italia
Second round
Friendship Cup
Eightfinals
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Fairs Cup
Round of 32
Statistics
Squad statistics
Players statistics
36.Cesare Maldini
35.José Altafini
34.Giovanni Trapattoni
33.Sandro Salvadore
32.Mario David
31.Giorgio Ghezzi
30.Gianni Rivera
29.Paolo Barison
29.Luigi Radice
24.Gino Pivatelli
23.Ambrogio Pelagalli
22.Dino Sani
20.Giancarlo Danova
17.Oliviero Conti
16.Francesco Zagatti
13.Jimmy Greaves
12.Mario Liberalato
12.Mario Trebbi
7.Giovanni Lodetti
6.Luciano Alfieri
6.Antonio Pasinato
5.Alcides Ghiggia
4.Orlando Rozzoni
4.Sergio Tenente
2.Emanuele Del Vecchio
1.Bruno Beretti
1.Paolo Ferrario
Goal scorers
22.José Altafini
9.Paolo Barison
6.Oliviero Conti
8.Giancarlo Danova
3.Mario David
2.Emanuele Del Vecchio
8.Jimmy Greaves
3.Giovanni Lodetti
1.Cesare Maldini
1.Ambrogio Pelagalli
9.Gino Pivatelli
1.Luigi Radice
10.Gianni Rivera
4.Orlando Rozzoni
8.Dino Sani
1.Francesco Zagatti
References
External links
A.C. Milan seasons
Milan
Italian football championship-winning seasons
Igal Ahouvi is an Israeli art collector and businessman who serves as Chairman of the Board of Blenheim Properties Group Ltd and Ravad Ltd. He is a director of Nielsen Innovate Fund. Ahouvi owns real estate in Israel, Europe and Vietnam.
Igal Ahouvi Art Collection is one of Israel's largest private collections and includes around 1,000 artworks by international and Israeli artists
Biography
Igal Ahouvi has a degree in Accounting and Economics from Tel Aviv University.
The Igal Ahouvi Art Collection is Israel's largest private art collection.
Business career
Ahouvi and Delek Global Real Estate bought UK Hilton hotels for £417 million in 2005.
In 2017, he planned to invest £300 million in the British care home sector, after acquiring St Clouds Care, a group of six homes in Surrey, Oxfordshire and Worcestershire.
References
21st-century Israeli businesspeople
Israeli art collectors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tel Aviv University alumni
